<doc id="9630962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630962" title="SIGLEC">
SIGLEC

Siglecs (Sialic acid-binding immunoglobulin-type lectins) are cell surface proteins that bind sialic acid. They are found primarily on the surface of immune cells and are a subset of the I-type lectins. There are 14 different mammalian Siglecs, providing an array of different functions based on cell surface receptor-ligand interactions.
History.
The first described candidate Siglec was Sialoadhesin (Siglec-1/CD169) a lectin-like adhesion protein on macrophages. Parallel studies by Ajit Varki and colleagues on the previously cloned CD22 (a B cell surface protein involved in adhesion and activation) showed direct evidence for sialic acid recognition. The subsequent cloning of Sialoadhesin by Crocker revealed homology to CD22 (Siglec-2), CD33 (Siglec-3) and myelin-associated glycoprotein (MAG/Siglec-4), leading to the proposal for a family of "Sialoadhesins". Varki then suggested the term Siglec as a better alternative and as a subset of I-type (Ig-type) lectins. This nomenclature was agreed upon and has been adopted by almost all investigators working on these molecules (by convention, Siglecs are always capitalised.) Several additional Siglecs (Siglecs 5–12) have been identified in humans that are highly similar in structure to CD33 and so are collectively referred to as "CD33-related Siglecs". Further Siglecs have been identified including Siglec-14 and Siglec-15. Some Siglecs are absolutely conserved between mice and humans including Sialoadhesin, CD22, MAG and Siglec-15. Others such as Siglec-5 and Siglec-9 have homologues in mice and rats (Siglec-F and Siglec-E respectively in both). Humans have a higher number of Siglecs than mice and so the numbering system was based on the human proteins.
Structure.
Siglecs are Type I transmembrane proteins where the NH3+-terminus is in the extracellular space and the COO--terminus is cytosolic. Each Siglec contains an N-terminal V-type immunoglobulin domain (Ig domain) which acts as the binding receptor for sialic acid. These lectins are placed into the group of I-type lectins because the lectin domain is an immunoglobulin fold. All Siglecs are extended from the cell surface by C2-type Ig domains which have no binding activity. Siglecs differ in the number of these C2-type domains. As these proteins contain Ig domains, they are members of the Immunoglobulin superfamily (IgSF). 
Most Siglecs, such as CD22 and the CD33-related family, contain ITIMs (Immunoreceptor tyrosine-based inhibitory motifs) in their cytosolic region. These act to down-regulate signalling pathways involving phosphorylation, such as those induced by ITAMs (Immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motifs). Some, however, like Siglec-14, contain positive amino acid residues that help dock ITAM-containing adaptor proteins such as DAP12.
Ligand Binding.
Due to the acidic nature of sialic acid, Siglec active sites contain a conserved arginine residue which is positively charged at physiological pH. This amino acid forms salt bridges with the carboxyl group of the sugar residue. This is best seen in Sialoadhesin, where arginine at position 97 forms salt bridges with the COO- group of the sialic acid, producing a stable interaction. Each lectin domain is specific for the linkage that connects sialic acid to the glycan. Sialic acid contains numerous hydroxyl groups which can be involved in the formation of glycosidic linkages. Most sialic acids are bonded via the 2, 3, 6 and occasionally 8 hydroxyl groups (number dependent on the carbon to which they are attached), in an α anomeric configuration. The specificity of each Siglec is due to different chemical interactions between the sugar ligand and the Siglec amino acids. The position in space of the individual groups on the sugar and the protein amino acids affects the sialic acid linkage to which each Siglec binds. For example, Sialoadhesin preferentially binds α2,3 linkages over α2,6 linkages.
Function.
The primary function of Siglecs is to bind glycans containing sialic acids. These receptor-glycan interactions can be used in cell adhesion, cell signalling and others. The function of Siglecs is limited to their cellular distribution. For example, MAG is found only on oligodendrocytes and schwann cells whereas Sialoadhesin is localised to macrophages. 
Most Siglecs are short and do not extend far from the cell surface. This prevents most Siglecs from binding to other cells as mammalian cells are covered in sialic acid-containing glycans. This means that the majority of Siglecs only bind ligands on the surface of the same cell, so called "cis" -ligands, as they are "swamped" by glycans on the same cell. One exception is Sialoadhesin which contains 16 C2-Ig domains, producing a long, extended protein allowing it to bind "trans"-ligands, i.e. ligands found on other cells. Others, such as MAG, have also been shown to bind "trans"-ligands.
Signalling.
Due to their ITIM-containing cytoplasmic regions, most Siglecs interfere with cellular signalling, inhibiting immune cell activation. 
Once bound to their ligands, Siglecs recruit inhibitory proteins such as SHP phosphatases via their ITIM domains. The tyrosine contained within the ITIM is phosphorylated after ligand binding and acts as a docking site for SH2 domain-containing proteins like SHP phosphatases. This leads to de-phosphorylation of cellular proteins, down-regulating activating signalling pathways. 
Examples of negative signalling:
Siglec-14 contains an arginine residue in its transmembrane region. This binds to the ITAM-containing DAP10 and DAP12 proteins. When bound to its ligand, Siglec-14 leads to activation of cellular signalling pathways via the DAP10 and DAP12 proteins. These proteins up-regulate phosphorylation cascades involving numerous cellular proteins, leading to cellular activation. Siglec-14 appears to co-localise with Siglec-5, and as this protein inhibits cellular signalling pathways, co-ordinate opposing functions within immune cells.
Phagocytosis and adhesion.
Siglecs that can bind "trans"-ligands, such as Sialoadhesin, allow cell-cell interactions to take place. These glycan-Siglec interactions allow cells to bind one another, allowing signalling in some cases, or in the case of Sialoadhesin, pathogen uptake. Sialoadhesin's function was originally thought to be important in binding to red blood cells. Sialoadhesin lacks a cytosolic ITIM or a positive residue to bind ITAM-containing adaptors and so is thought not to influence signalling. Studies show that this protein is involved in phagocytosis of bacteria that contain highly sialylated glycan structures such as the lipopolysaccharide of "Neisseria meningitidis". Binding to these structures allows the macrophage to phagocytose these bacteria, clearing the system of pathogens.
Siglec-7 is also used in binding to pathogens such as "Campylobacter jejuni". This occurs in a sialic acid-dependent manner and brings NK cells and monocytes, on which Siglec-7 is expressed, into contact with these bacteria. The NK cell is then able to kill these foreign pathogens.
Knock-out studies.
Knock-out studies are often used to uncover the function proteins have within a cell. Mice are often used as they express orthologous proteins of ours, or extremely similar homologues. 
Some examples of knock-out Siglecs include:
Human Siglecs.
This table briefly summarises the cellular distribution of each human Siglec; the linkage specificity each has for sialic acid binding; the number of C2-Ig domains it contains; and whether it contains an ITIM or a positive residue to bind ITAM-containing adaptor proteins. The Siglecs in italics are conserved between humans and mice. References in the column headings correspond to all information displayed in that column, unless other references are shown. Siglec-12 information is referenced by only, excluding the linkage specificity.

</doc>
<doc id="9630965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630965" title="Equine podiatry">
Equine podiatry

Equine podiatry is the study and management of the equine foot based on its anatomy and function.
The job title "Equine Podiatrist" is used by people with a wide range of backgrounds. Some are veterinarians who have chosen to specialize in the equine hoof, while some are remedial farriers. There is also a new group of specialists known as "Applied Equine Podiatrist" this specialist may or may not have a veterinary nor farriery background. This specialist works with horse owners to improve the health of the equine hoof without the use of shoeing and by taking a more holistic approach. The designation DAEP denotes those that have achieved a diploma from the Institute of Applied Equine Podiatry.
The equine podiatrist profession can extend to include other equines, such as donkeys and mules. Only registered farriers are permitted to shoe horses in the UK.
A human podiatrist is not a M.D. with an interest in feet, but a separate profession with a unique education and licensing system. The use of this term within the equine community has no distinct mandatory education or certification. This can result in confusion as the horse owner is often unaware that the equine podiatrist is a self-appointed title.
Overview.
The common adage “no foot, no horse” rings true in that the shape and soundness of a horse’s hoof dictates the tasks it can perform. Equine athletes asked to perform at intense levels of competition experience a great deal of wear on the internal and external structures of the hoof. Additionally, the variation in hoof structure is also dependent upon many other factors, including age, genetics, nutrition, and breed.
Equine podiatry essentially characterizes the factors that contribute to a reduction in hoof health and performance such as poor conformation, improper hoof trimming and/or shoeing, intense exercise, and insufficient hoof tissue maturation. Podiatrists also study the ways in which hoof function can be managed and improved in the equine athlete, and work to prevent the incidence of foot problems through proper hoof maintenance or the use of protective shoeing.
Shod Versus Shoeless Debate.
Minimal connectedness among farriers, scientists and equine veterinarians contributes to ambiguity among practitioners. In addition, many of the current procedures in this area are based on personal opinion and traditional practices rather than factual information based on clinical research.
The controversy currently surrounding equine podiatry is whether or not horses should be shod (i.e. have horseshoes put on) or left barefoot. Traditionally, the practice of horseshoeing was implemented to prevent wear of the hoof wall; however, the modern argument is that traditional farriery with steel shoes can restrict natural flexion of the hoof wall, cause hoof deformities, induce lameness, and increase the incidence of horse injury. It is stated that these ailments result from the horseshoe’s tendency to distribute concussive forces unevenly across the foot. Proponents of this side are of the belief that horses should be left barefoot and given ample opportunity to develop the internal and external hoof tissues by natural means. For example, regular impact on firm ground stimulates sensory receptors in the hoof that, in turn, induce a physiologic response to promote strengthening of the hoof wall and an increased sole thickness.
On the other hand, some insist that the choice of whether or not to shoe should be considered on a case-by-case basis. They agree that it is favorable to allow horses to be shoeless when possible, for the same reasons as those listed above. They also point out, however, that the use of shoes can be beneficial in many instances. This includes times when wear of the hoof exceeds its growth, or when extra traction is needed for horses in competition. Horseshoes can also be used to correct lameness, stabilize hoof cracks, and realign bone in the case of laminitis. Many proponents of this ideal argue for the natural development of proper hoof structure at a young age, guided only by appropriate trimming and shaping of the hoof as needed. In the first three years in a horse’s life, adequate hoof development stems mainly from stimulation of the hoof receptors during normal exercise and turn out; however, the intense training experienced by two-year old racehorses puts excess stress on the immature bone structure. When the horse is shod to alleviate the resulting discomfort, the hoof receptors lose contact with the ground, which further weakens the foot. Without proper treatment, this will often lead to the development of chronic hoof problems.
While both sides argue valid points, further research is needed to better understand the factors that contribute to improved hoof health and equine performance.

</doc>
<doc id="9630966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630966" title="Debra A. Kemp">
Debra A. Kemp

Debra A. Kemp (born March 7, 1957, Highland, Indiana) is an American author.
She writes historical fiction. She draws inspiration for her House of Pendragon series from the Arthurian legends. She originally studied nursing and earned her degree from Indiana University in 1981.
Family.
She now lives near Indianapolis with her husband; they have two grown children.
Literary career.
Kemp published her first Arthurian novel "The Firebrand" in 2003. It is set after the Battle of Camlann, and features King Arthur's fictional daughter Lin and her early life as a slave in Mordred's household.
Works.
The House of Pendragon series

</doc>
<doc id="9630978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630978" title="Richland Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Richland Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Richland Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 379 and it contained 173 housing units. Richland Township was formed from Bruce Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9630987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9630987" title="William Beckford of Somerley">
William Beckford of Somerley

William Beckford of Somerley (died 1799) was a Jamaican slave-owner and writer. Illegitimate son of Richard Beckford, he was part of the influential Beckford family and inherited four sugar plantations, which he personally supervised:
In 1790 he published "A Descriptive Account of the Island of Jamaica", a two volume description of contemporary life in Jamaica from a planter's point of view.

</doc>
<doc id="9631011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631011" title="Mannosamine">
Mannosamine

D-Mannosamine (2-amino-2-deoxymannose) is a hexosamine derivative of mannose.

</doc>
<doc id="9631020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631020" title="Rutland Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Rutland Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Rutland Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,698 and it contained 1,627 housing units. Rutland Township changed its name from Trenton Township in May, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 98.04%) is land and (or 1.96%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9631032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631032" title="Stéphen Drouin">
Stéphen Drouin

Stéphen Drouin (born 27 January 1984 in Paris) is a French professional football defender who currently plays for Troyes AC in the Championnat National.

</doc>
<doc id="9631072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631072" title="Rosemarket">
Rosemarket

Rosemarket is a village and community in Pembrokeshire, Wales.
The name does not refer to flowers but to the hundred of Roose, the former Welsh cantref of Rhos. It was a marcher borough founded by the Knights Hospitaller in the 12th century. Owen, in 1603, described it as one of nine Pembrokeshire "boroughs in decay". 
The parish church, like many in the former lands of Rhos, is dedicated to the 6th-century Breton prince and Welsh saint Ismael. The village has a medieval dovecote and a large hillfort.

</doc>
<doc id="9631078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631078" title="Corojo">
Corojo

Corojo is a type of tobacco, primarily used in the making of wrappers for cigars. The variety was originally grown in the Vuelta Abajo region of Cuba but is today grown exclusively in the Jamastran valley of Honduras and in the United States in Western Kentucky.
Black Patch Cigar Co. Founder Eric McAnallen is having the Kentucky propagated Corojo, Kenbano(TM) seed planted for the 2011/2012 Dominican harvest after successfully growing this tobacco varietal in Western Kentucky since 2007. Two different growing areas, soil "signatures" in the Cibao valley have been identified for cultivation. The two areas where the Kenbano seed is being raised are Pinuela and Navarrete. The Navarrete soil matrix mirrors the soil of Vuelta Abajo, Cuba. Historically Navarrete has been ideal for Cuban heirloom seed success in the Dominican Republic. Pinuela has similar success with a soil analysis comparable to Pinar, Cuba. These soil components produce a robust growth in leaf yield per stalk and exhibit a peppery spice in flavor.
History.
Origin.
Corojo was originally developed and grown by Diego Rodriguez at his farm or vega, Santa Ines del Corojo and takes its name from the farm, which was located near the town of San Luis in the province of Pinar del Rio, Cuba.Daniel Maria Rodriguez,son of Diego Rodriguez, later perfected the variety Corojo and developed the "Worlds Best Wrapper" until the Communist revolution of Fidel Castro caused the family to leave the country forever. Diego Rodriguez & Daniel Rodriguez, sons of Daniel Maria Rodriguez later grew the shade tobacoo variety in Havana, Florida and in Nicaragua. Diego Rodriguez has two sons, Diego Daniel Rodriguez and Daniel Jose Rodriguez. Daniel Rodriguez also has two sons, Daniel Antonio Rodriguez and Diego Rene Rodriguez.
Corojo was used extensively as a wrapper for many years on Cuban cigars, with the tobacco's spicy "punch" becoming a commonly associated trademark of the country's tobacco products. Indeed, between the 1930s and the 1990s all Cuban cigars, regardless of brand or factory, made use of Corojo wrappers. However, the variety's susceptibility to various diseases, including blue mold and black shank disease caused Cuban agronomists to search for a more hearty and reliable alternative.
Cuban genetic engineers ultimately developed various hybrid forms that would not only be disease-resistant, but would also display excellent wrapper qualities. Today no pure Corojo is grown in Cuba, the last harvest taking place there during the 1996/97 agricultural year.
Use of Corojo today.
Today, both hybrid and pure strains of Corojo are used in the production of cigars. Most of the pure Corojo leaf is currently grown in Honduras' Jamastran Valley, while the hybrid varieties are more widely grown and used.
Recently, pure Corojo seed has been propagated in Western Kentucky as the F1 generation Kenbano tobacco in 2007. Currently the so-called "Kenbano" tobacco seed is being raised for future production of hand-made cigar blends.

</doc>
<doc id="9631088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631088" title="EPB41">
EPB41

Protein 4.1, also known as Beatty's Protein, is a protein associated with the cytoskeleton that in humans is encoded by the "EPB41" gene. Protein 4.1 is a major structural element of the erythrocyte membrane skeleton. It plays a key role in regulating membrane physical properties of mechanical stability and deformability by stabilizing spectrin-actin interaction. Protein 4.1 (80 kD) interacts with spectrin and short actin filaments to form the erythrocyte membrane skeleton. Mutations of spectrin and protein 4.1 are associated with elliptocytosis or spherocytosis and anemia of varying severity.
Elliptocytosis is a hematologic disorder characterized by elliptically shaped erythrocytes and a variable degree of hemolytic anemia. Inherited as an autosomal dominant, elliptocytosis results from mutation in any one of several genes encoding proteins of the red cell membrane skeleton. The form discussed here is the one found in the 1950s to be linked to Rh blood group and more recently shown to be caused by a defect in protein 4.1. 'Rh-unlinked' forms of elliptocytosis are caused by mutation in the alpha-spectrin gene (MIM 182860), the beta-spectrin gene (MIM 182870), or the band 3 gene (MIM 109270).by OMIM
Interactions.
Band 4.1 has been shown to interact with Nuclear mitotic apparatus protein 1, Tight junction protein 2, EIF3G and CENPJ.

</doc>
<doc id="9631094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631094" title="Small temporal RNA">
Small temporal RNA

Small temporal RNA (abbreviated stRNA) regulates gene expression during roundworm development by preventing the mRNAs they bind from being translated. In contrast to siRNA, stRNAs downregulate expression of target RNAs after translation initiation without affecting mRNA stability. Nowadays, stRNAs are better known as miRNAs.
stRNAs exert negative post-transcriptional regulation by binding to complementary sequences in the 3' untranslated regions of their target genes. stRNAs are transcribed as longer precursor RNAs that are processed by the RNase Dicer/DCR-1 and members of the RDE-1/AGO1 family of proteins, which are better known for their roles in RNA interference (RNAi). stRNAs may function to control temporal identity during development in "C. elegans" and other organisms.

</doc>
<doc id="9631095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631095" title="OCCAID">
OCCAID

The Open Contributors Corporation for Advanced Internet Development (OCCAID) is a non-profit consortium that operates one of the largest IPv6 research networks in the world. It maintains both resale and facilities-based networks spanning 15,000 miles, with a presence in over 52 cities across 6 countries.
OCCAID facilitates collaboration between research communities and the carrier industry, serving as a testbed and proving ground for advanced Internet protocols. Most of its participants connect to the network using Ethernet connections in areas where OCCAID has last-mile network connections.
OCCAID's primary collaboration activities have involved IPv6 and recently multicast protocols. Both are relatively seldom-used Internet protocols; however they have potential for massive future adoption by many industry leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="9631099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631099" title="Erin Dean">
Erin Dean

Erin Jane Dean (born October 18, 1980 in Kennewick, Washington [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0212767/]) is a former American actress notable for playing Robbie Stevenson, the surf loving, fifteen year-old-girl who teaches an alien how to fit in with humans, in the Nickelodeon television show "The Journey of Allen Strange". She also appeared in the movies "Lovers Lane" and "Lolita". On television, she has appeared in episodes of "Boy Meets World, A Pig's Tale, Blackbird Hall, Monty, Against the Grain", and Nickelodeon's game show "Figure It Out".
Erin began her acting career by doing stand-up comedy at 11 years old around Hollywood and Beverly Hills. She won second place on America's Funniest People, which gained her Jeannine Cosden as her first and only agent.
Erin has retired from acting and is said to have no plans of acting again. Her once-official website () is no longer being updated and was shut down.

</doc>
<doc id="9631100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631100" title="Charles Henry Pepys Harington">
Charles Henry Pepys Harington

General Sir Charles Henry Pepys Harington, (1910 – 13 February 2007) was an officer in the British Army. He served in the British Expeditionary Force and in Normandy in the Second World War. He was later Commander-in-Chief of the three-service Middle East Command from 1963 to 1965, based at Aden. He ended his Army career as Chief of Personnel and Logistics at the UK Ministry of Defence from 1968 to 1971.
Early life and career.
Harington was born in Tunbridge Wells, into a military family. He was related to General Sir Charles Harington Harington, the commander in Constantinople in 1922 during the Chanak crisis. His father, Lieutenant-Colonel Herbert Hastings Harington, an officer in the Indian Army, was killed in Mesopotamia in 1916, and Harington and his two sisters were raised by their widowed mother.
He was educated at Malvern College and Sandhurst. He was commissioned into the 22nd (Cheshire) Regiment in 1930. He excelled at athletics, holding the Army record for the 440 yard hurdles and competing for the Army against the other services. He was captain of the 2nd Battalion's athletics team, winning the Army Inter-Unit Team Athletic Championship in 1937, 1938 and 1939. He was the adjutant of the 2nd Battalion from 1936 to 1939.
Second World War.
He joined the British Expeditionary Force in France and Belgium in 1939 and 1940, commanding a machinegun company of the 2nd Battalion of the Cheshire Regiment in the 1st Infantry Division. During the retreat from the River Dyle in the face of the German blitzkrieg in May 1940, his company formed part of the division's rearguard, supporting the 13th/18th Royal Hussars and 21st Anti-Tank Regiment of the Royal Artillery. He was awarded the Military Cross for his actions, and was evacuated from Dunkirk.
He spent most of the Second World War on staff appointments, and married Victoire Marion Williams-Freeman in 1942. Promoted to lieutenant colonel, he took command of the 1st Battalion, Manchester Regiment, in March 1944. The unit was poorly trained and virtually unfit for duty, but Harington quickly brought it to full combat readiness. The battalion fought well in Normandy after D-Day, and Harington was awarded the DSO.
Post-war service.
Harington was rapidly promoted after the war. He was General Staff Officer Grade 1 at the headquarters of the 53rd (Welsh) Division, then served as an instructor at the Staff College in Camberley for two years, before joining the British Military Mission in Greece during the Greek Civil War. He commanded the 1st Battalion, Parachute Regiment from 1949 to 1951. He then served as military assistant to two Chief of the Imperial General Staff, Field Marshal Viscount Slim and General Sir John Harding, before spending time at Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe in France.
Promoted to Brigadier, he commanded the 49th Infantry Brigade in Kenya in 1955 and 1956, during the Mau Mau Uprising. He was appointed CBE in 1957, and was commandant of the School of Infantry in Warminster in 1958. He was promoted to Major General, and took command of the 3rd Division in 1959. He then became commandant of the Staff College, Camberley in 1961. He succeeded Major General Tom Brodie as Colonel of the Cheshire Regiment in January 1962, remaining the regiment's Colonel until 1968.
Aden.
Promoted to lieutenant general, he was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the three-service Middle East Command in May 1963, with responsibility for an area extending from the Persian Gulf to East Africa. In January 1964, he had to deal with mutinous battalions in newly independent Kenya, Tanganyika and Uganda, formerly part of the King's African Rifles. He was knighted in 1964.
He then had to deal with insurgency of Haushabi and Radfan tribes in the Western Aden Protectorate on the road between Aden and Dhala. The deployment of British forces bolstered support for the Front for the Liberation of South Yemen, triggering a campaign of violence in Aden itself.
Sir Arthur Charles, the Speaker of the nascent National Council, was murdered outside his house in Crater in September 1965. Direct British rule was reimposed when the President of the Council, Abdull al-Qawi Mecca-wi, refused to condemn the killing. The subsequent counterinsurgency operations failed: the Aden Police were infiltrated, and officers in the local Special Branch were killed. In 1966, the British government, led by Harold Wilson, decided to withdraw British forces from Aden and the Protectorates by 1968, by which time Harington had returned to the UK.
Late career.
Harington returned from Aden in 1966 to take up the position of Deputy Chief of the Imperial General Staff. He was promoted to general in 1968, and became Chief of Personnel and Logistics at the UK Ministry of Defence. He was appointed GCB in 1969, and was an Aide-de-camp to the H. M. the Queen from 1969 to 1971. He retired from the Army in 1971.
In retirement, Harington was president of the Combined Cadet Force Association from 1971 to 1980 and also from 1972 to 1980 chairman of the Governors of the Royal Star and Garter Home, Richmond, for disabled ex-servicemen. He was a vice-president of Battersea Dogs' Home and from 1966 to 1999 president of the Milocarian (Tri-Service) Athletic Club. He also enjoyed sailing, and was president of the Hurlingham Club for over twenty-five years.
Harington's wife died in 2000, and he himself in 2007, to be survived by a son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="9631104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631104" title="Eddie Shimwell">
Eddie Shimwell

Edmund "Eddie" Shimwell (27 February 1920 — October 1988) was an English professional footballer.
Playing career.
Born in Birchover, Derbyshire, Shimwell was a trainee with Sheffield United in 1939, but failed to break into the first team before the outbreak of World War II. In 1943–44, he made 15 guest appearances for Southampton.
Shimwell began his professional career with Sheffield United in 1946, but on 20 December he made the move to the club with which he made his name, Blackpool. "The Blades" had refused Shimwell permission to run a pub — the Plough Inn, in Two Dales — which prompted him to put in a transfer request. Blackpool manager Joe Smith jumped in to sign the full-back for £7,000.
His debut for Blackpool was supposed to be against Charlton Athletic, the day after his signing, but it was put back after his train got stuck in snow, which meant he didn't arrive at The Valley until half-time. His first game came four days later, on Christmas Day, against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park. He replaced Eric Sibley, and from that moment he made the right-back position his own.
Shimwell scored two important FA Cup goals for Blackpool; the first, against Chester City on 24 January 1948, was a 60-yard lob, the combination of a following wind and frozen pitch saw it bounce over the goalkeeper's head. Blackpool reached that year's final, in which they met eventual victors Manchester United, and Shimwell became the first full-back to score in such a Wembley event when his 12th-minute penalty gave Blackpool the lead.
Shimwell played in two more FA Cup Finals with Blackpool, firstly in 1951 against Newcastle United (in which they were on the losing side again, thanks to a Jackie Milburn double), and then in 1953, the famous "Matthews Final" Blackpool victory.
On 13 May 1949, at the age of 29, Shimwell gained his only England cap, against Sweden. 
A dislocated shoulder, suffered in a win over Wolverhampton Wanderers at Bloomfield Road on 17 September 1955, meant Shimwell was out for the rest of the season. Indeed, he made only one more start for the Seasiders, on 19 January 1957, at home to Sunderland, but it gave the Blackpool faithful amongst the 18,702 present the chance to say farewell to the defender after thirteen years of service. In May, Shimwell was given a free transfer to Third Division Oldham Athletic. He played only seven games for the club before joining Burton Albion as player-manager. He finished his playing career while at Matlock Town in 1960.
Retirement.
After hanging up his boots, Shimwell became licensee at The Royal Volunteer, a pub in Clay Cross, Derbyshire. He was also the licensee of the Plough Inn, Two Dales, and later of the Duke of Wellington, Matlock.
Shimwell died in 1988 at the age of 68.
Honours.
Blackpool

</doc>
<doc id="9631113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631113" title="1991–92 DFB-Pokal">
1991–92 DFB-Pokal

The DFB-Pokal 1991–92 was the 49th season of the competition. After the German reunification in 1990 the football association of eastern Germany, Nordostdeutscher Fußballverband, joined the German Football Association (DFB) on 21 November 1990. Football clubs from eastern Germany thus participated for the first time in the DFB-Pokal. 87 teams competed in the tournament which had thus to be extended to seven rounds. It began on 1 August 1991 and ended on 23 May 1992.
As in the year before both semi-finals were draws after 120 minutes. Both games therefore were decided by a penalty shootout as the German Football Association had decided not to hold replays any more. Eventually the final was decided by a penalty shootout, too. Second tier Hannover 96 defeated Borussia Mönchengladbach 4–3 on penalties after 120 goalless minutes. This remains the only time that the cup was won by a team outside of the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="9631122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631122" title="Florian Boucansaud">
Florian Boucansaud

Florian Boucansaud (born 15 February 1981 in Noisy-le-Sec) is a French professional football defender. He is a free agent since his contract was expired at SM Caen.

</doc>
<doc id="9631143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631143" title="Roaring River Park">
Roaring River Park

Roaring River Park is a heritage and nature park near Petersfield, Westmoreland Parish, Jamaica.
The park is on the site of the Roaring River Estate which belonged to the Beckford family: Peter Beckford, William Beckford.
The Roaring River runs underground, before appearing near to Petersfield, close to the Roaring River Cave, a series of limestone caverns with a small mineral spring inside. The Roaring River Citizens Association, a local community group, looks after the caves and provides guided tours for visitors. There is also a fresh water sinkhole where visitors can swim and a landscaped private garden where visitors are welcome for a contribution.
The river provides the parish capital, Savanna-la-Mar, with its water supply and it is the most important source of water in central Westmoreland and the Georges plain.

</doc>
<doc id="9631144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631144" title="Triglav Trophy">
Triglav Trophy

The Triglav Trophy is an annual international figure skating competition held in the spring in Jesenice, Slovenia. The competition takes its name from the nearby mountain Triglav, the highest peak in Slovenia.
The Triglav Trophy is usually the last ISU-sanctioned international competition of the season. Medals may be awarded in men's and ladies' singles on the novice, junior, and senior levels. A pairs category has been included a few times. 

</doc>
<doc id="9631146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631146" title="Hadhrami Arabic">
Hadhrami Arabic

Hadhrami or Ḥaḍrami Arabic ([ISO-639-3]) is a dialect of Arabic spoken by the Hadhrami people or "Ḥaḍārima" living in the . It is also spoken by many emigrants who migrated from the to the Horn of Africa (Somalia and Eritrea), East Africa (Comoros, Zanzibar, Kenya, Tanzania, and Mozambique), Southeast Asia (Indonesia, Malaysia, Brunei and Singapore) and, recently, to the other Arab states of the Persian Gulf. Below is a brief account of the different linguistic levels of the dialect.
Phonology.
The dialect in many towns and villages in the "Wādī" (valley) and the coastal region is characterised by its ج -yodization, i.e. changing Classical Arabic reflex to the approximant ي . In this it resembles some Eastern Arabian and Gulf dialects including the dialects of Basra in Iraq, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain and the dialects of the other Arab Emirates. In educated speech, ج is realised as a voiced palatal plosive or affricate in some lexical items which are marked [+ religious] or [+ educated] (see ق below).
The ق reflex is pronounced as a voiced velar in all lexical items throughout the dialect. In some other Arabic dialects, is realised as a voiceless uvular plosive in certain lexemes which are marked [+ religious], [+ educational] etc., e.g. “Qur’an”. With the spread of literacy and contact with speakers of other Arabic dialects, future sociolinguistic research may reveal whether HA is going to witness innovation like using the uvular in certain lexemes while retaining the velar for others.
Wādī HA makes ث, ت , and ذ, د , distinction but ض and ظ are both pronounced ظ whereas Coastal HA merges all these pairs into the stops د, ت and ض (, and ) respectively.
In non-emphatic environments, is realised open front (slightly raised) unrounded . Thus
This dialect is characterised by not allowing final consonant clusters to occur in final position. Thus Classical Arabic “girl” is realised as . In initial positions, there is a difference between the "Wādī" and the coastal varieties of HA. Coastal HA has initial clusters in “he wants”, “onions” and “mail (n.)” while "Wādī" HA realises the second and third words as and respectively.
Morphology.
When the first person singular comes as an independent subject pronoun, it is marked for gender, thus for masculine and for feminine. As an object pronoun, it comes as a bound morpheme, thus for masculine and " for feminine. The first person subject plural is "".
The first person direct object plural is rather than which is the case in many dialects. Thus, the cognate of the Classical Arabic “he hit us” is in HA.
Stem VI, "tC1āC2aC3", can be umlauted to "tC1ēC2aC3", thus changing the pattern vowel ' to '. This leads to a semantic change as in “they ran away suddenly” and “they shirk, try to escape”
Intensive and frequentative verbs are common in the dialect. Thus “to break” is intensified to as in “he played rough”. It can be metathesized to become frequentative as “he made a series (lit. breaks) of giggles or laughs”.
Syntax.
The syntax of HA has many similarities to other Peninsular Arabic dialects. However, the dialect contains a number of unique particles used for coordination, negation and other sentence types. Examples in coordination include “but; nevertheless, though”, (Classical Arabic ) “as for…” and “or”.
Like many other dialects, apophonic or ablaut passive (as in "it was written") is not very common in HA and perhaps is confined to clichés and proverbs from other dialects including Classical Arabic.
The particle developed semantically in HA into or “yet, already, almost, nearly” and or “maybe, perhaps”.
Vocabulary.
There are a few lexical items that are shared with Modern South Arabian languages, which perhaps distinguish this dialect from other neighbouring Peninsular dialects. The effect of Hadrami migration to South-East Asia (see Arab Indonesian and Arab Singaporean), the Indian sub-continent and East Africa on HA is clear in the vocabulary especially in certain registers like types of food and dress, e.g. "sarong". Many loan words were listed in al-Saqqaf (2006):
http://www.informaworld.com/smpp/content~content=a907118635~db=all~order=page

</doc>
<doc id="9631154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631154" title="Duarte Mendes">
Duarte Mendes

José Henrique Duarte Mendes (born August 7, 1947, Lisbon) is a former Portuguese captain and singer. He participated in Festival da Canção in 1970, 1972, and 1973 but he did not win until 1975 when he performed "Madrugada" (lyrics and song from José Luís Tinoco), about Colonial War and 1974's Carnation Revolution.
He represented Portugal in Eurovision Song Contest 1975 with that song. He finished in 16th place with 16 points.

</doc>
<doc id="9631162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631162" title="Serena Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Serena Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Serena Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,138 and it contained 459 housing units. Serena Township changed its name from Warren Township in May, 1850.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.33%) is land and (or 0.67%) is water.
Serena Township is governed from the Village of Serena. The village has been incorporated since the early 1830s, and the Township Hall is located within town. The township has the Serena Fire Protection District, which serves nearby Northville, Mission, Miller, and Freedom Townships. Community Unit School District No. 2, which serves the area, is also headquartered in Serena, with the main High School for the district, as well as a Middle School and Elementary School located there as well. The township has US Highway 52 running through it as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9631167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631167" title="Radio Independents Group">
Radio Independents Group

The Radio Independents Group, or RIG, is the trade body that represents the interests of the independent radio producers of the United Kingdom. Established in June 2004, RIG is mandated to negotiate terms with broadcasters and audio consumers such as digital publishers, that are to the benefit of its members. The organisation is a non-profit making body, solely financed through membership fees and donations.
Current Executive Committee (as of June 2011).
Board Members:
Membership.
Membership of RIG is open to any UK-based independent radio producer or production company. Current membership (as of June 2011) is just over 100, representing some 95% of total industry turnover. The trade body represents all sizes of business from sole-traders and partnerships, to limited companies and public companies.
Independent Radio Producers.
An independent radio producer is defined as a supplier of radio programmes who is not affiliated in any manner with the commissioning broadcaster or company. They can be individuals working in a sole-traders and partnerships, as well as limited companies and in some instances public companies. There are some indies in radio who are also independent television producers. Many radio indies supply additional audio, training, teaching and various other services due to the low budgets inherent in the industry.
The Sector.
For the majority of radio indies the BBC national radio networks are the main, or only, commissioner of their programs. BBC Radio 1, BBC Radio 2, BBC Radio 3, BBC Radio 4, 5 Live, BBC 6 Music, BBC 1Xtra, BBC Asian Network, BBC World Service, BBC Radio Scotland and BBC Radio Wales all actively commission independently produced programming. Unlike the television sector, which has a legally guaranteed 25% share of the BBC's output (with an additional 25% open to competitive bidding), the radio sector has no such guarantee. The BBC chooses to voluntarily offer approximately 10% of its 'eligible' hours to independent production. This figure has not changed in over 13 years and both the BBC and the British Government refuse to alter the status quo. This has led to an unstable and uncertain sector with large numbers of companies pitching for small amounts of air-time. The Radio Independents Group is tasked with getting the voluntary 'quota' increased.
Radio indies also produce many hours of programming for the Commercial Radio companies, such as chart shows, traffic & travel bulletins and entertainment news. However, unlike the BBC, the majority of this material is paid for by third party sponsors rather than by the radio stations. There is very little commissioned programming on UK commercial radio due to the cost of making such material and the low programming budgets of commercial radio stations.
Radio Indies & The BBC.
Up until Dec 2004, when commissioning programs from independent producers, the BBC would purchase an 'all rights' deal. This meant that the independent producer retained no ownership or control over their product. Following negotiations between RIG and the BBC in 2004, the new Terms of Trade now in place have had a considerable positive effect for independent producers:
The BBC has a requirement written into the BBC Agreement to commission a 'suitable proportion' of radio programming from independent producers, which it has set at 10% of 'eligible' hours (i.e. excluding news).
In 2010 the BBC Trust published a report requiring the BBC to operate an additional Window of Creative Competition, set at 10% of eligible hours, encompassing programming for which independents can compete against in-house producers.

</doc>
<doc id="9631171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631171" title="Charles Harington">
Charles Harington

Charles Harington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9631181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631181" title="Victor Espinoza">
Victor Espinoza

Victor Espinoza (born May 23, 1972) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing. He began riding in his native Mexico and went on to compete at racetracks in California. He has won the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes twice, riding War Emblem in 2002 and California Chrome in 2014.
Biography.
Espinoza was born on a dairy farm in Hidalgo, Mexico, the eleventh of twelve children. He and his brother Jose, his senior by three years, enjoyed riding horses on the farm; when he was 15 he traveled to Cancún to assist his brother as a quarter horse trainer. Within a few years, Espinoza was racing thoroughbreds at Mexico City's premier horse-racing facility, Hipódromo de las Américas. He paid for jockey school by driving a bus in Mexico City at age 17. He then moved to Northern California, where by 1994 he was the leading apprentice rider at the Bay Meadows and Golden Gate Fields racetracks. A year later, he moved to Los Angeles.
His big break came in 2000 when he won the Breeders' Cup Distaff aboard Spain; and in 2002, he won both the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes atop War Emblem. Between 2000 and 2006 he averaged 193 wins a year and twice finished third in total earnings among jockeys. Espinoza logged his 3,000th career win, aboard Flashy Delight, on May 31, 2013, at Betfair Hollywood Park in Inglewood, California. In June 2014 Espinoza travelled to Britain to win the Windsor Castle Stakes at the Royal Ascot meeting on the Wesley A. Ward-trained colt Hootenanny.
California Chrome.
In December 2013 Espinoza was selected as the jockey for California Chrome by veteran horse trainer Art Sherman, who had used him as a jockey during Espinoza's years in Northern California. Up to that point, California Chrome had won only 2 of its 6 starts. Espinoza rode California Chrome to consecutive victories in the King Glorious Stakes on December 22, the California Cup Derby on January 25, 2014, the San Felipe Stakes on March 8, and the Santa Anita Derby on April 5.
On May 3, 2014, Espinoza lengthened the winning streak as he rode California Chrome to victory in the Kentucky Derby, marking the jockey's second Kentucky Derby win. On May 17, California Chrome placed first in the Preakness Stakes, also Espinoza's second Preakness win. On June 7, Espinoza's 6 for 6 streak aboard California Chrome came to an end when the Triple Crown contender finished in a dead heat for fourth place in the Belmont Stakes.
Personal.
Espinoza is unmarried without children. He donates ten percent of his winnings to the City of Hope to support pediatric cancer research.

</doc>
<doc id="9631205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631205" title="Vinton County High School">
Vinton County High School

Vinton County High School is a public high school in McArthur, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Vinton County Local School District. Their nickname is the Vikings.
Athletics.
The Vikings belong to the Ohio High School Athletic Association (OHSAA) and the Tri-Valley Conference, a 16-member athletic conference located in southeastern Ohio. The conference is divided into two divisions based on school size. The Ohio Division features the larger schools and the Hocking Division features the smaller schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9631210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631210" title="South Ottawa Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
South Ottawa Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

South Ottawa Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 8,290 and it contained 3,609 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 93.44%) is land and (or 6.56%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9631221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631221" title="Deepa Sahi">
Deepa Sahi

Deepa Sahi is an Indian actress and producer.
Early life.
Deepa Sahi was born in India in Dehradun. Her family later shifted to Canada but she continued to stay in India.
Early career.
An alumnus of National School of Drama, Delhi, Sahi started off with a theater career, with strong Leftist leanings and social activism a core value of the productions she was involved with.
In her early film career she collaborated with noted auteur Govind Nihalani and made her debut with the 1984 film "Party". This was well received, and she subsequently acted in "Aghaat" (1985). Her thespian achievement, however, will always remain her role as the independent-minded and empowered lower-caste Punjabi woman she played in the highly acclaimed television film "Tamas" (1986).
Commercial cinema.
After marrying film director Ketan Mehta — also was a rising light of alternate Hindi cinema — she acted in several of his films including "Hero Hiralal" (1988), "Maya Memsaab" (1992) and "Oh Darling! Yeh Hai India" (1995). She wrote the screenplay for "Oh Darling! Yeh Hai India".
Her other notable films include "Hum" (1991) and "Ek Doctor Ki Maut" (1991).
Her last film appearance was in "Aar Ya Paar" (1998) and she has not appeared in any films since.
In 2005 she co-produced her husband's film "" which was a moderate success at the box office.
She got a Filmfare best supporting actress nominee for "Hum" and National Award(Jury) for "Maya Memsaab".
Production career.
She became a producer in 1993. She has produced seven films to date:
Besides this, she has produced 12 TV series and is promoter of Maya Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. India's leading animation studio. She was CEO of Maya Entertainment from 2000 to 2002 and was responsible for the long-term strategy of the company; she made many entries into other animation avenues such as MAAC, etc. After her stint as the CEO of Maya Entertainment, she returned to her first love — cinema. She is currently producing four movies: Two to be directed by Ketan Mehta and the other two to be directed by Sudhir Mishra. She is about to direct a movie herself starring Hema Malini and Nana Patekar, amongst others.
Personal life.
She is married to film director Ketan Mehta who is nephew of freedom fighter Dr.Usha Mehta.

</doc>
<doc id="9631230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631230" title="TV4 Sport">
TV4 Sport

TV4 Sport was a Swedish sports television channel owned by television company TV4 AB, with the tabloid newspaper "Expressen" owning a minor share. In April 2014, it was rebranded TV12.
History.
The channel was originally owned by Expressen who launched the channel on 17 March 2005. It was initially available in the analogue basic package from UPC cable, the digital "Medium" package from Com Hem and the "Family" package from Canal Digital on satellite. Sports rights used by the channel included matches from the football series Superettan and the Wimbledon.
In May 2006, it was announced that TV4 AB bought a majority stake in the channel. The channel relaunched as "TV4 Sport-Expressen" with a new logo on 1 June. The deal meant that Sport-Expressen could use several sports rights held by TV4, including reruns of games from the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Another change was announced in May 2007. TV4 AB had increased their ownership 66.2 percent. This will see the channel relaunch in September as "TV4 Sport". With the relaunch, it will take the space in the Com Hem basic package previously occupied by Eurosport, thereby increasing the penetration for the channel while decreasing it for a major competitor. It will also get a slightly broader content by introducing series and documentaries related to sports.
The change was successful in increasing the ratings for TV4 Sport. In April 2008, TV4 Sport passed Eurosport as the most watched sports channel in Sweden. In January 2008, the channel was launched on the Viasat satellite platform.
By the end of March 2008, TV4 received a license to broadcast the channel in the Swedish digital terrestrial television network. The license was valid from 1 April, but it didn't launch immediately, partly due to a disagreement between TV4 and Boxer over the pricing of the channel. TV4 Sport was finally launched on 11 May 2008, after TV4 and Boxer had reached an agreement that would make the channel available until 30 September.

</doc>
<doc id="9631234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631234" title="Troy Grove Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Troy Grove Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Troy Grove Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,333 and it contained 556 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.89%) is land and (or 0.11%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9631248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631248" title="Rungu (weapon)">
Rungu (weapon)

A rungu (Swahili, plural "marungu") is a wooden throwing club or baton bearing special symbolism and significance in certain East African tribal cultures. It is especially associated with Maasai morans (male warriors) who have traditionally used it in warfare and for hunting. It is a commonly encountered tchotchke or tourist souvenir in that part of the world. 
Rungus are typically about 18-20 inches in length with a long narrow shaft for a handle and heavy knob or ball at the end in the manner of other “ethnic” cudgels such as the Irish shillelagh or South African knobkierie. 
In Maasai culture, the rungu is an important emblem of warrior status for young males. A special one is held by the designated speaker at important tribal gatherings. Although utilitarian examples are made of simple hard wood, ceremonial rungus may be elaborately carved or made of other materials. Local women are widely employed in sewing decorative beads onto the handles of those made for the tourist trade.
Former Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi was invariably seen at important public functions holding an elegant gold- or silver-tipped ivory rungu. He referred to it as his "fimbo ya nyayo" (Swahili, "staff of footsteps") and would pound it on a table when angry, sometimes shattering it.

</doc>
<doc id="9631266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631266" title="Utica Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Utica Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Utica Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,052 and it contained 878 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 96.06%) is land and (or 3.89%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9631274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631274" title="Robert Cholmondeley, 1st Viscount Cholmondeley">
Robert Cholmondeley, 1st Viscount Cholmondeley

Robert Cholmondeley, 1st Viscount Cholmondeley (died 22 May 1681) was an English peer.
Cholmondeley was the son of Hugh Cholmondeley and Mary Bodvile. Sir Hugh Cholmondeley of Cholmondeley was his grandfather and Robert Cholmondeley, 1st Earl of Leinster, his uncle. He succeeded to the estates of his uncle Lord Leinster in 1659 and two years later he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Viscount Cholmondeley, of Kells in the County of Meath. Lord Cholmondeley married Elizabeth Cradock, daughter of George Cradock of Caverswall Castle. He died in May 1681, and was succeeded in the viscountcy by his eldest son Hugh, who was created Earl of Cholmondeley in 1706. His second son George became a prominent soldier.

</doc>
<doc id="9631314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631314" title="Love on a Saturday Night">
Love on a Saturday Night

Love on A Saturday Night was a London Weekend Television produced game show that aired on ITV between 7 February and 22 May 2004. It was a replacement show for "Blind Date", and lasted only one and a half series before being axed.

</doc>
<doc id="9631318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631318" title="Vermilion Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Vermilion Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Vermilion Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 387 and it contained 166 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.83%) is land and (or 0.17%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9631332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631332" title="Shaun Rogers">
Shaun Rogers

Shaun Rogers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9631339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631339" title="Bobby (Bobby Brown album)">
Bobby (Bobby Brown album)

Bobby is the third studio album (fourth overall) by American singer Bobby Brown, released in 1992 on MCA Records. It spawed five singles, including "Humpin' Around", "Get Away", and "Good Enough" (Reaching #7 on the Billboard Top 100 in 1992). It was certified 2x Platinum.
Remixed House versions of several singles, produced by English dance outfit K-Klass, were released in the U.K. and European territories during and after the album's release.
"Bobby" peaked at number one on the Top R&B Albums chart for two nonconsecutive weeks (in between the time Mary J. Blige's "What's the 411?" charted that same position).
Reception.
The album was highly anticipated after the enormous success of Don't Be Cruel, but failed to live up to the critical or commercial success of that album when finally released in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9631347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631347" title="Belson Stadium">
Belson Stadium

Belson Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium located along Utopia Parkway in Jamaica, Queens, New York on the Queens campus of St. John's University.
An interesting feature of the stadium is that it is built on top of a parking garage to save space in a crowded urban environment. The official capacity is listed as 2,600 but it has seated as many as 5,000 for local rivalry matches. FC New York played their first match in front of thousands of fans against Orlando City Soccer Club, another professional soccer club.

</doc>
<doc id="9631362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631362" title="Mountain Crest High School">
Mountain Crest High School

Mountain Crest High School (MCHS), located in Hyrum, Utah, is a public high school. As part of the Cache County School District, it serves students in the 10th through 12th grades in Utah's Cache County. Mountain Crest is very closely related to South Cache 8-9 Center, which is in the same school district, and has the same mascot. Students from South Cache also graduate up to Mountain Crest.
Academics.
Mountain Crest also incorporates classes from Bridgerland Applied Technology College. These classes are only available to junior and senior students. In the mornings and afternoon, these classes take up 2 hours and count as 1 full class credit instead of the normal .5 credit assigned for the classes hosted at the high school.Mountain Crest also has a Model United Nations team which took the top two awards at the Regional High School Model United Nations 2007. Mountain Crests scholastic olympiad team also places in competition every year. For consecutive years, Mountain Crest is ranked among the highest in education and efficiency and comprehension levels in the state of Utah. Many students from Mountain Crest also graduate with their Associates degree. The AP students from Mountain Crest also test among the highest in Utah considering any students who wants to can register for any AP class they want to while other high schools only have students in AP classes that are recommended for AP classes.
Band.
The Mountain Crest Marching Band made finals in the Bands of America Las Vegas Regional Championships placing 9th. The last performance of their season was the Real Salt Lake Game Playoff Semi Finals with a Half time Performance. The Mountain Crest High School Marching Band is always very decorated at the Bands of America events in recent years. placing 9th in BOA finals in 2010, 16th in 2011, 11th in 2012 missing finals by .2 of a point, and 11th in 2013 missing finals by .3 of a point. The Mountain Crest Indoor Percussion Unit has won State Championship title in 2003, 2008, and 2009. From the fall of 1985 to the fall of 1990 the Marching Band never lost a performance, including competitions at Bands of America regionals in Corvallis Oregon, the Fiesta Bowl tournament of bands, and Edmonton's Klondike days, as well as all competitions within the state of Utah and Pocatello Idaho. The band has most recently performed in the National Independence Day Parade in Washington, D.C.The 2011 Winter Guard season Mountain Crest's A Guard took home the bronze medal for their show. In the 2012 Winter Guard Season, Mountain Crest's Junior Winter Guard took second place at the Utah Winter Guard Association Championships at American Fork High School, in American Fork, Utah. The 2013 Winter Guard Season ended with the team being state champions.
Athletics.
The baseball team and girls' cross country team won the 4A state championships never. 
The boys swim team won the class 4A championship in the 2009-2010 year. Also coming out of Mountain Crest's swim program was All-American Jake Taylor who holds nearly every school record and many state records.
The football team lost in the state semifinals to Timpview High School three straight years from 2007-2009. The football team took second place in state in the 2010-2011 school year, against Highland High School. They lost by one point in double over-time, 37-36. The result was the same in the 2012-2013 year when they lost to Timpview High School in double over-time, 38-31. They have won state 3 times, in 1987 (class 3A state title, this game also holds the record for the most attended high school football game in Utah high school football history when they played their cross county rival Sky View in the final), 2001, and 2005 (both class 4A state titles).
The wrestling team won the 4A state championship 3 years in a row. (2006, 2007, 2008) They were 4A runner ups in 2009 losing to Payson high school by only 1.5 points. They have also won state in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9631368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631368" title="Wallace Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Wallace Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Wallace Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 491 and it contained 201 housing units. Wallace Township was formed from Dayton Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.96%) is land and (or 0.04%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9631390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631390" title="Waltham Township, LaSalle County, Illinois">
Waltham Township, LaSalle County, Illinois

Waltham Township is located in LaSalle County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 446 and it contained 200 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9631394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631394" title="Maloya">
Maloya

Maloya is one of the two major music genres of Réunion, usually sung in Réunion Créole, and traditionally accompanied by percussion and a musical bow. Maloya is actually a new form that has origins in the music of African and Malagasy slaves and Indian indentured workers on the island, as has the other folk music of Réunion, séga. World music journalists and non-specialist scholars sometimes compare maloya to the American music, the blues, though they actually have little in common. Unlike the blues, maloya was considered such a threat to the French state that in the 1970s it was banned.
Description.
Compared to séga, which employs numerous string and wind European instruments, traditional maloya uses only percussion and the musical bow. Maloya songs employ a call-response structure.
Instruments.
Traditional instruments include:
Themes.
Maloya songs are often politically oriented and their lyrical themes are often slavery and poverty.
Origins.
The indigenous music and dance form of maloya was often presented as a style of purely African origin, linked ancestral rituals from Africa ("service Kaf" and Madagascar (the "servis kabaré"), and as such a musical inheritance of the early slave population of the island. More recently, however, the possible influence of the sacred drumming of the Tamil religious rituals has been introduced by Danyèl Waro, which makes Maloya' heterogeneous African Malagasy and Indian influences more explicit.
History.
Maloya was banned until the sixties because of its strong association with creole culture. Performances by some maloya groups were banned until the eighties, partly because of their autonomist beliefs and association with the Communist Party of Réunion
Nowadays, one of the most famous maloya musicians is Danyèl Waro. His mentor, Firmin Viry, is credited as having rescued maloya from extinction. According to Françoise Vergès, the first public performance of maloya was by Firmin Viry in 1959 at the founding of the Communist Party Maloya was adopted as a medium for political and social protest by Creole poets such as Waro, and later by groups such as Ziskakan. Since the start of the 1980s, maloya groups, such as Ziskakan, Baster, Firmin Viry, Granmoun Baba, Rwa Kaff and Ti Fock, some mixing maloya with other genres such as séga, zouk, reggae, samba, afrobeat, jazz and rock, have had recognition outside the island.
Cultural significance.
Maloya was inscribed in 2009 on the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity of UNESCO for France.
This musical form was the subject of a 1994 documentary film by Jean Paul Roig, entitled "Maloya Dousman".

</doc>
<doc id="9631411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631411" title="Oulunkylä railway station">
Oulunkylä railway station

Oulunkylä (Finnish) or Åggelby (Swedish) is a railway station in the Oulunkylä district of Helsinki, Finland. It is located between the stations of Käpylä and Pukinmäki, along the main railroad track from Helsinki to Riihimäki, about 7 km north from the Helsinki Central railway station.
The station building in Oulunkylä is no longer in use for train traffic, and the station does not have ticket sales.
Departure tracks.
North
To Helsinki Central

</doc>
<doc id="9631419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631419" title="Caphyae">
Caphyae

Caphyae or Kaphyai (Greek: ), was an ancient city of Arcadia situated in a small plain, northwest of the lake of Orchomenus. It was protected against inundations from this lake by a mound or dyke, raised by the inhabitants of Caphyae. The city is said to have been founded by King Cepheus of Tegea, the son of Aleus, and pretended to be of Athenian origin.
Caphyae subsequently belonged to the Achaean League, and was one of the cities of the league, of which Cleomenes III obtained possession. In its neighborhood a great battle was fought in 220 BC, in which the Aetolians, gained a decisive victory over the Achaeans and Aratus of Sicyon. The name of Caphyae also occurs in the subsequent events of this war.
Strabo speaks of the town as in ruins in his time; but it still contained some temples when visited by Pausanias ("l. c."). The remains of the walls of Caphyae are visible upon a small insulated height at the village of Chotoussa, which stands near the edge of the lake. Polybius, in his description of the battle of Caphyae, refers to a plain in front of Caphyae, traversed by a river, beyond which were trenches (), a description of the place which does not correspond with present appearances. The were evidently ditches for the purpose of draining the marshy plain, by conducting the water towards the Katavóthra, around which there was, probably, a small lake. In the time of Pausanias we find that the lake covered the greater part of the plain; and that exactly in the situation in which Polybius describes the ditches, there was a mound of earth.
It is probable that during the four centuries that elapsed between the battle of Caphyae and the visit of Pausanias, a diminution of population should have caused a neglect of the drainage which had formerly ensured the cultivation of the whole plain, and that in the time of the Roman Empire an embankment of earth had been thrown up to preserve the part nearest to Caphyae, leaving the rest uncultivated and marshy.
Pausanias says that on the inner side of the embankment there flows a river, which, descending into a chasm of the earth, issues again at a place called Nassoi (); and that the name of the village where it issues is named Rheunus (). From this place it forms the perennial river Tragus () (modern Tara or Daraiiko). He also speaks of a mountain in the neighbourhood of the city named Cnacalus () (modern Kastania), on which the inhabitants celebrate a yearly festival to Artemis Cnacalesia.

</doc>
<doc id="9631444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631444" title="Chris Street">
Chris Street

Christopher Michael "Chris" Street (February 2, 1972 – January 19, 1993) was an American college basketball power forward for the Iowa Hawkeyes. A potential NBA player, he died in an automobile accident during his junior year at Iowa.
Biography.
Other than basketball, Street also excelled in baseball and football during high school. He moved with his family to Indianola, Iowa in the fall of 1987 and starred on the town's Class 4A team at Indianola High School. Street committed to play basketball at the University of Iowa as a junior in high school.
Street played in 28 games as a freshman and averaged 5.0 ppg, and 5.1 rebounds. As a sophomore, he averaged 10.6 ppg,and 8.2 rebounds. In the first 15 games of the 1992–93 season Street averaged 14.5 ppg and 9.5 rebounds. In his final game he scored 14 points and collected 8 rebounds and extended his record of made free throws to 34, in a 65-56 loss to Duke. It was in that game that he also set a school record by hitting his 33rd and 34th consecutive free throws.
On January 19, 1993, following a team dinner at the Highlander Inn outside of Iowa City, Street was killed when his car pulled onto the highway and collided with a snow plow. His girlfriend, Kim Vinton, was a passenger and survived the accident but was treated at a local hospital for a punctured lung and separated shoulder. The basketball game scheduled against Northwestern the following night was postponed.
Legacy.
When Chris Street died, Iowa Hawkeye Men's Basketball Coach Tom Davis said "Chris represented all that is good about the Midwest and the state of Iowa. He was open, caring, honest, loving and lived life to the fullest every day."
Chris Street's number 40 was retired by the University of Iowa's Men's Basketball team at Carver-Hawkeye Arena on February 6, 1993. No other Hawkeye numbers have been retired since.
At the end of each season, the Chris Street Award is given to the Hawkeye player or players who best exemplify the spirit, enthusiasm, and intensity of Chris Street When it was announced that the award was created shortly after Street's death in 1993, Iowa Coach Tom Davis said “We want to remember everything Chris represented. He was one of the greatest Hawkeyes of all time.”
Street is buried in the IOOF Cemetery in Indianola, Iowa beneath a monument that says "Son * Brother * Grandson * Friend * Cousin * Nephew * Hero".

</doc>
<doc id="9631449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631449" title="Villa Magna Condominiums">
Villa Magna Condominiums

The Villa Magna Condominium Complex was an urban development that was planned to rise in Brickell, downtown Miami, Florida. It was approved in 2006 by the city council and the Federal Aviation Administration and construction was slated to begin in April 2007. The ending date was approximated to be late 2008 or early 2009; however, the housing crisis of the late 2000s halted the project.
The complex was to feature two twin towers, Villa Magna Condominiums I and Villa Magna Condominiums II. Both were to be tall with 57 floors. The complex was to be connected by the Villa Magna Plaza at the base of both towers. It was to be located at 1201 Brickell Bay Drive near Southeast 12th Street in Miami's Brickell neighborhood. The buildings were planned be used entirely for residential purposes, with the complex containing 780 condominium units. However, in 2007 the developers changed the plans to include more hotel, retail, and commercial space in realization of the quickly declining housing market at the time. The complex was then approved under a major use special permit.
In 2011, the project plans were rumored to have been revived.

</doc>
<doc id="9631485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631485" title="Daniel Crosby Greene">
Daniel Crosby Greene

Daniel Crosby Greene, (1843–1913) was the son of the Rev. David and Mary (Evarts) Greene, and was born February 11, 1843, at Roxbury, Massachusetts.
Immediately after graduating, he went to Palmyra, Wisconsin, where he taught school until June 1865, at which time he removed to Waukegan, Illinois, where he taught for one year. In the Fall of 1866, having decided to study for the ministry, he entered the Chicago Theological Seminary, where he remained for one year. From April to June 1867, he taught at Lake Forest Academy in Lake Forest, Illinois, before returning to New England. He then went to the Andover Theological Seminary, where he continued his studies until he graduated in July 1869. In November 1869, he sailed for Japan, as a missionary under the auspices of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. He was the first missionary of the American Board to Japan. He arrived at Tokyo in December 1869, and remained there until March 1870, when he went to Kobe, where he resided and labored until May 1874. The first church was organized at Kobe on April 19, 1874, with eleven members. In 1882 there were nineteen churches with one thousand members.
From June 1874, until May 1880, he resided in Yokohama, as a member of the committee for the translation of the New Testament into the Japanese language. After superintending the printing of this version, which was published in June 1880, he returned to the United States, where he spent about eighteen months, traveling through different parts of the country, and preaching in the interests of the American Board. He returned to Japan in November 1881, and was stationed in Kyoto, as an instructor in the Doshisha English School, his principal work being in the Theological Department.
In addition to the Japanese version above alluded to, he also edited an edition of the Chinese New Testament, for the use of Japanese readers.
He received the degree of Master of Arts from Dartmouth College in course, and also the degree of Doctor of Divinity from Rutgers College in 1879.
In politics, he was an independent Republican.
He was married July 29, 1869, to Miss Mary Jane Forbes, of Westborough, Massachusetts. They have seven children: Evarts Boutell, born July 8, 1870; Fannie Bradley, born August 29, 1871; Daniel Crosby, born January 29, 1873; Jerome Davis, born October 12, 1874; Mary Avery, born February 20, 1877; Roger Sherman, born May 29, 1881, Elisabeth Grosvenor, born October 20, 1882 and Edward Forbes, born December 22, 1884.
He was the father Roger Sherman Greene II and Jerome Davis Greene; the nephew of William Maxwell Evarts and the brother of Evarts Boutell Greene.

</doc>
<doc id="9631498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631498" title="Black May">
Black May

Black May is the name of two events in history. 

</doc>
<doc id="9631501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631501" title="Districts of Malta">
Districts of Malta

Malta is subdivided in districts of localities in order to administer the country in regions rather than locality. The districts have no administrative significance as the localities provide the first-tier divisions of the country.
Statistical Districts and Regions.
There are 6 districts, used for statistical purposes and which are, in turn, grouped into 3 regions: Gozo, Malta Majjistral and Malta Xlokk. Each district consists of a number of localities. These are the 6 districts of Malta:
Gozo and Comino District.
The Northern Harbour District, Western District and Northern District together form the North Western Region ("Malta Majjistral"). The South Eastern District and Southern Harbour District together form the South Eastern Region ("Malta Xlokk"). The Gozo and Comino District is a Region in its own right.
Electoral Districts.
There are currently 13 electoral districts, each consist of a number of localities (although there is no requirement that electoral boundaries follow the boundaries of localities).
District 13.
This district consists of the islands of Gozo and Comino
Police Districts.
There are 10 police districts, each district having its own police headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="9631513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631513" title="Jim Whitney">
Jim Whitney

James Evans "Grasshopper Jim" Whitney (November 10, 1857 – May 21, 1891) was a professional baseball player. He was a right-handed pitcher over parts of ten seasons (1881–1890) with the Boston Red Caps/Beaneaters, Kansas City Cowboys, Washington Nationals, Indianapolis Hoosiers and Philadelphia Athletics (AA). He was the National League strikeout champion in 1883 with the Boston Beaneaters. For his career, he compiled a 191–204 record in 413 appearances, with a 2.97 ERA and 1571 strikeouts. 
During his five seasons with the Boston franchise (now the Atlanta Braves) he ranks 4th in franchise history in ERA (2.49), 3rd in WHIP (1.082), 9th in innings pitched (2263), 8th in strikeouts (1157), 9th in games started (254), 4th in complete games (242), 1st in strikeout to walk ratio (5.03), 7th in losses (121), and 2nd in wild pitches (162).
He was born in Conklin, New York and later died in Binghamton, New York at the age of 33.

</doc>
<doc id="9631514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631514" title="Kiril Ivkov">
Kiril Ivkov

Kiril Lozanov Ivkov (; born 21 June 1946) is a former Bulgarian football player in defender role.
In his career he played for Levski Sofia. In 1974 and 1975 he was named Bulgarian Footballer of the Year.
For the Bulgaria national football team he played 44 matches, scoring one goal, and appeared in editions of FIFA World Cup in 1974. He also played for Bulgaria at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9631519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631519" title="The War on Drugs (film)">
The War on Drugs (film)

The War on Drugs is a film documentary on the War on Drugs. It shows how the War on Drugs is being fought on various fronts: In Colombia the film follows the efforts to eradicate the coca and poppy plants under Plan Colombia. In the United States the cases of Richard Paey and Sharanda Jones illustrate the effects for individuals and society. Above all hovers the Drug Enforcement Administration. 
The films first public screening was on March 20, 2007 at the Diagonale film festival in Graz, Austria. It was theatrically released in Austria on October 12, 2007 and in Spain on January 17, 2008. The film was also immediately released on the Internet via doc-air, an Internet download platform which became part of DOC Alliance in 2009.
The War on Drugs is the second film from Parallel Universe.

</doc>
<doc id="9631521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631521" title="Manchester High School for Girls">
Manchester High School for Girls

Manchester High School for Girls is an independent day school for girls and a member of the Girls School Association. It is situated in Fallowfield, Manchester, England. The school is regarded as one of the United Kingdom's leading independent day schools based on A-level results.
The school has more than 930 students on roll and the head teacher is Claire Hewitt who took up the position in January 2009 and is the 10th head teacher in the school's history.
History.
The school was founded in 1894 by nine men and women who were prominent citizens of Manchester: it was first established in Chorlton on Medlock. A new school was built in Dover Street in 1881. The building is now occupied by the University of Manchester School of Social Sciences). The founding group included Prof A. S. Wilkins, Harriet and Robert Dukinfield Darbishire and Edward Donner (afterwards Sir Edward Donner, Bart.) The first headmistress was Sara Burstall who had been educated at the North London Collegiate School.
In September 1939 the school was evacuated to Cheadle Hulme and by 1940 a new school building was under construction at Fallowfield. The unfinished buildings at the Grangethorpe Road site were destroyed by bombing on 20 December 1940. In 1941 the school moved temporarily to Didsbury and by 1949 a new building at Grangethorpe Road began to be occupied. The move into the new school was complete by 1952. The Grangethorpe site was occupied by a large private house and gardens from 1882 to 1936. From 1917 to 1929 it was used as the 2nd Western General Hospital, a military hospital.
The school archive, under archivist Dr Christine Joy, is one of the most extensive in the country, attracting a grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund, and contains material from the mid-19th century onwards.
Preparatory department and Senior School.
MHSG has a Preparatory Department for girls aged 4 to 11 and many progress into the Senior School. Prep pupils benefit from a close community which includes a purpose-built infant section, two assembly halls and a fully equipped playground and gardens. There are also specially designated areas for Mathematics and Science, a music room, library and two computer-suites providing multi-media facilities. In 2006, the school introduced the teaching of Mandarin to girls in Years 3 and 4.
MHSG's curriculum includes traditional disciplines such as Latin and use of ICT resources. Pupils are also tutored in areas such as Mathematics, Sciences and Art and Design Technology. MHSG is a multi-cultural school embracing many faiths. Assemblies are organised by Sixth Form students and include Christian, Hindu and Sikh, Humanist, Jewish, Muslim and Secular themes.
A purpose-built Music House has 12 practice rooms and several classrooms, including one with space for orchestra rehearsals. Tuition is provided by over 25 specialist instrumental teachers. A flood-lit, all-weather hockey pitch, tenniscourts, netball courts, rock climbing wall and swimming pool all provide facilities for all-year-around sports.
Organisation and curriculum.
There are four forms in each year, M, H, S and G and students placed in these forms remain in that form until Sixth Form. MHSG's Sixth Form offers AS Level and A Level courses in around 25 subjects.
From September 2010, Manchester High School for Girls is offering the International Baccalaureate (IB) Diploma for study at Sixth Form. The two-year course will run independently alongside the usual A Level curriculum. Its introduction supports the school's strategic aim to ensure MHSG remains a centre of educational excellence, which stimulates and challenges bright, able girls. The IB Diploma will further develop the school's international activities and ensure a global dimension to learning. MHSG was awarded International Baccalaureate (IB) World School status in April 2010, and is the first girls' school in Greater Manchester to offer the globally recognised IB Diploma.
The curriculum contains English, Mathematics, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Geography, History, French, Religious Studies, Music, Latin and Art (which deviates into Fine Art or Graphics in Y10). These subjects are taken in Y7, Y8 and Y9 when students choose which subjects to take for GCSE.
In the first month of the school year, 7 senior school students visit the YHA Lakeside Outdoor Activity Centre on the bank of Windermere. During this trip, students participate in activities such as archery, orienteering and team challenges to allow students to make new friends and meet teachers outside the school environment.

</doc>
<doc id="9631528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631528" title="Danny Taylor (baseball)">
Danny Taylor (baseball)

Daniel Turney Taylor (born December 23, 1900 in Lash, Pennsylvania) was a Major League Baseball outfielder from 1926 to 1936. He played with the Washington Senators, Chicago Cubs and Brooklyn Dodgers. Taylor had three consecutive hits against the Philadelphia Phillies on September 20, 1932. He also stole a base during a 3-1 Dodgers win in the Baker Bowl. He died on October 11, 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9631538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631538" title="Roll-a-Rounds">
Roll-a-Rounds

Roll-a-Rounds.
Roll-a-Rounds are a toy line for toddlers developed and manufactured by Fisher-Price.
Playsets.
Roll-a-Rounds Drop & Roar Dinosaur
Roll-a-Rounds Jungle Friends Treehouse
Roll-a-Rounds Swirlin’ Surprise Gumballs
Roll-a-Rounds Pull & Spin Caterpillar
Roll-a-Rounds Tumble Bug
Roll-a-Rounds Action Firetruck
Roll-a-Rounds Action Choo-Choo
Roll-a-Rounds Action Airplane
Balls.
The Balls react to the baby’s actions in unexpected ways, with movement and sound.
Pet Pal Rounds
Ride-a-Rounds
Touch & Tickle Rounds
Look a Rounds
Listen-Up Rounds
Zippin’ Zoo Rounds
Awards.
Oppenheim Toy Portfolio
Parents Magazine
Toys R Us

</doc>
<doc id="9631575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631575" title="Tragus (river)">
Tragus (river)

The Tragus or Tragos (Greek: ) is a river of Arcadia, Greece described by the ancient author Pausanias. Pausanias says the river issues from the inner side of the embankment surrounding the city of Caphyae near lake Orchomenus, after which it descends into a chasm of the earth, issuing again at a place called Nasi (); and that the name of the village where it issues is named Rheunus (). The Tragus has been identified with the modern Tara River or with the modern Daraiiko

</doc>
<doc id="9631579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631579" title="Greenprinting">
Greenprinting

Greenprinting relates to the conservation of land. Greenprinting is the creation of conservation scenarios that help communities make informed conservation decisions. 
Greenprinting can galvanize public support and encourage partners to work toward common conservation goals. Greenprinting often involves use of state-of-the-art maps and models created with Geographic Information System (GIS) software that combines layers of spatial and demographic information to guide growth management efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="9631588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631588" title="Pocasset River (Rhode Island)">
Pocasset River (Rhode Island)

The Pocasset River is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows . There are five dams along the river's length.
Course.
The Pocasset River rises between Brown Avenue and Belfield Drive in Johnston. It continues in a southeasterly direction through Johnston and Cranston, to the city line with Warwick, where it converges with the Pawtuxet River.
Crossings.
Below is a list of all crossings over the Pocasset River. The list starts at the headwaters and goes downstream.
Tributaries.
Dry and Simmons Brooks are the only two named tributaries of the Pocasset River, though there are many unnamed streams that also feed it.

</doc>
<doc id="9631601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631601" title="Chhapaiya">
Chhapaiya

Chhapaiya is a village in Gonda District in the state of Uttar Pradesh about 50 km from district headquarters Gonda and 40 kilometers from the major city of Ayodhya.
Geography.
Chhapaiya is located at .
Points of interest.
Its singular claim to fame is that it is the birthplace of Bhagwan (God) Swaminarayan. Swaminarayan (1781 - 1830 CE) was incarnated here on 3 April 1781 as Ghanshyam, making this village a pilgrim place for his followers world wide. There are places where Swaminarayan played with other kids, climbed a tree that is part of the faith's folklore, the lake where he revived fish from a fisherman's catch.
The Swaminarayan temple at Chhapaiya is currently undergoing renovation, scheduled for completion by 2016.
Place of pilgrimage.
The following are the different holy places in Chhapaiya.
1 Ghanshyam Bhavan: the beautiful monument on the birthplace of Bhagwan Swaminarayan. A temple on this place was erected by Acharya Shree Ayodhyaprasadji Maharaj in 1863, after passing away of Swminarayan in 1830. Later, after 47 years another big temple was built by Acharya Shree Purushottamprasadji Maharaj in 1910. This is being reconstructed in marble, a project started in 2004 by Acharya Shree Tejendraprasadji Maharaj. 
2 This marble decorated room is on the ground floor of Ghanshyam Bhavan. This is the exact location of Dharmadev’s house where Ghanshyam was born.
3 Shri Swaminarayan Mandir: This mandir is near Ghanshyam Bhavan.
4 Narayan Sarovar: This is the sacred water pool where Ghanshyam often bathed. It is just outside the mandir complex.
5 Trikonyu Khetar (Triangular Farm): Where Ghanshyam sent birds into samadhi.
6 Meen Sarovar: This is a small lake (dry during the summer) where Ghanshyam brought dead fish back to life and instructed the fisherman not to kill fish for a living.
7 This shrine is at the place where defeated the demon Kalidutt, who came to kill Him.

</doc>
<doc id="9631618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631618" title="Integrin-linked kinase">
Integrin-linked kinase

Integrin-linked kinase (ILK) is a 59kDa protein originally identified while conducting a yeast-two hybrid screen with integrin β1 as the bait protein (Hannigan et al., 1996). Since its discovery, ILK has been associated with multiple cellular functions including cell migration, cell proliferation, cell-adhesions, and signal transduction.
In 2008, ILK was found to localize to the centrosome and regulate mitotic spindle organization.
Interactions.
Integrin-linked kinase has been shown to interact with LIMS1, AKT1, ILKAP, ACP6 and parvin.

</doc>
<doc id="9631623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631623" title="Eamonn Walsh">
Eamonn Walsh

Eamonn Walsh (born 20 September 1945) is a former Irish Labour Party politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for Dublin South–West from 1992 to 1997.
Biography.
A former art teacher, Walsh was elected to Dáil Éireann for Dublin South–West during the swing to Labour at the 1992 general election, after an unsuccessful attempt at the 1987 general election. Like some Labour Party TDs elected in 1992, he lost his seat at the 1997 general election. His seat was taken by Conor Lenihan of Fianna Fáil. Walsh unsuccessfully contested the Seanad Éireann election in the same year. He also failed to win a seat at the 2002 general election.
He was elected to Dublin County Council in 1991 for the Terenure area, and from 1999 to 2009 he was a local councillor for the Terenure-Rathfarnham area on South Dublin County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9631657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631657" title="Warfare Incorporated">
Warfare Incorporated

Warfare Incorporated is a real-time strategy game for developed by Spiffcode and published by Handmark for Palm OS, Pocket PC, PDAs and Tapwave Zodiac. The game has similar gameplay to "Command & Conquer" and "StarCraft", but it combines elements of both. It was one of the first applications for PDA to feature Bluetooth and Wi-Fi multiplayer support. In 2008, it was ported to iOS devices.
Plot.
"Warfare Incorporated" is set in a future ruled by super corporations engaged in no-holds-barred competition for the resources of the galaxy. The game focuses on two specific corporations (ACME and OMNI), who are fighting over the newly discovered planet Icarus, which holds a great wealth of galaxite, a rare and valuable mineral needed for teleportation. Players take the role of Andy Whitmore, a junior executive at the underdog ACME Exploration Corporation, who discovered Icarus. The player must attempt to work their way up the corporate ladder by mining the planet and finding missing security specialist Gordon Fox. Over the course of the game, ACME discovers mysterious alien technologies, such as a machine that can duplicate objects, as well as a new enemy for humanity.
Online Gameplay.
Players have the option to play online multiplayer as well as campaign, using a variety of maps designed by Spiffcode Inc. Users may also download custom-made maps created by other users. Players can either decide to make an account in order to qualify for leaderboards or to play anonymously.
Map Editor.
Players can create and publish their own maps with Spiffcode's desktop-based mission editor, "M". The latest version of the map editor was released in 2009.
Reception.
The game was extremely well received by critics, and won multiple awards upon its initial release, including "Handheld Computing"s "Best Product (2003)", "PDArcade"s "Best Strategy Game (2003)", "Palm Magazine"s "Game of the Year (2003)" and "Palm Powered Up"s "Game of the Year (2004)." 
Reviewing the Tapwave Zodiac version in 2004, GameSpot's Avery Score scored the game 8.3 out of 10. He praised the implementation of the controls on the Zodiac, noting that RTS games usually only work on PCs because of the availability of keyboard controls. They also praised the multiplayer aspect of the game and the depth of the gameplay. They concluded that, ""Warfare Incorporated" is one of the best games on the Zodiac, and, in fact, it's one of the best mobile representations of the RTS genre to date." 
The 2008 iOS port also received positive reviews, holding an aggregate score of 85% on GameRankings. 
"MacLife" Joe Rybicki scored the port 4 out of 5. He criticized the graphics and sound as outdated, but praised the variety of gameplay, concluding that "Though it looks, and especially sounds a bit dated, "Warfare Incorporated" offers a meaty helping of familiar real-time strategy challenge. Pocket Gamer's Fraser MacInnes was more impressed, scoring the game 9 out of 10 and giving it a "Gold Award." He praised the storyline, controls, balanced difficulty and depth, writing ""Warfare Incorporated" is a benchmark RTS on iPhone and packs plenty of bang for your buck." 

</doc>
<doc id="9631686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631686" title="Burn 'Em Up Barnes">
Burn 'Em Up Barnes

"Burn 'Em Up Barnes" (1934) is a Mascot movie serial. It was a loose remake of the 1921 film of the same name.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9631689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631689" title="Remixes n the Key of B">
Remixes n the Key of B

Remixes in the Key of B is the second remix album by American singer Bobby Brown, released in 1993. It features remixes of songs from the album "Bobby"

</doc>
<doc id="9631694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631694" title="Parallel Universe (company)">
Parallel Universe (company)

Parallel Universe produced the documentary films "Info Wars", "The War on Drugs" and "War on Terror". Parallel Universe is based in Europe and was founded in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9631710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631710" title="Belá (river)">
Belá (river)

The Belá (), in length, is a mountainous stream draining the headwaters of the Váh River basin in Tatra National Park, northern Slovakia. It is a right tributary, into which it flows at the town of Liptovský Hrádok. The Belá itself is formed by two tributaries, the streams "Tichý potok" and "Kôprovský potok", whose sources are in the High Tatra mountains, and which have their confluence near Podbanské, part of the town of Vysoké Tatry.
The Belá is well suited to rafting and kayaking.

</doc>
<doc id="9631721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631721" title="Harrogate Ladies' College">
Harrogate Ladies' College

Harrogate Ladies' College is an independent boarding and day school located in the town of Harrogate, North Yorkshire, England. Founded as a girls' senior school in 1893, the college now educates girls from ages 2 to 18 and boys up to age 11. It is a member of the Girls' Schools Association and Allied Schools.
History.
In the 1880s, the original Harrogate College was a boys' school. The need for a girls' school in the area soon became obvious and opened in 1893. Over the years, the newly opened girls' school flourished while the boys' school was eventually closed. In 1904, the girls' school moved into the present accommodation located across the street from St Wilfrid's Church.
From 1939 to 1945, the school was evacuated to Swinton Park, and after the Second World War moved back. Additional extensions that housed a library, a science block and a gymnasium were built later in the 1950s. Later, more buildings were constructed (a sports hall in the 1980s, an art room, and the Highfield Prep School). Gradually, houses on each side of Clarence Drive were acquired and were used as boarding houses. The pre-prep department, known as Bankfield, was opened in 1997, the junior school, Highfield, in 1999.
Currently, the grounds, playing field, tennis courts, houses and gardens occupy about of the Duchy Estate.
The College now consists of three divisions: Bankfield (ages 2–4), Highfield (ages 4–11) and the main school (ages 11+).
Pastoral Care.
As a Christian school, pupils are required to attend chapel services but welcomes pupils of "all faiths or none". The school has links with the local parish church St Wilfrid's Church. A school chaplain oversees pastoral care and spiritual aspects of the school curriculum.
House System.
Upon entry, pupils are placed into one of the four houses. Over the school year, the houses will compete in inter-house competitions.
Highfield.
The junior school houses are named after four of the Yorkshire Dales.
Senior School.
The senior school houses are separate from boarding houses. They are named after prominent British female figures in history.
Boarding.
The school has a long boarding tradition and over half of senior school pupils are boarders. Full or flexible boarding is available to girls aged 10 and above. There are five boarding houses: Armaclare, Clarence, Lancaster, Lincoln, or Tower. The first four are situated in the heart of the campus. Tower House, which is similar to a university hall of residence and houses Upper Sixth girls, is located further away from the main school. Each house is overseen by a housemistress and full-time residential staff who look after boarders during after-school hours.

</doc>
<doc id="9631739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631739" title="Pittosporum tenuifolium">
Pittosporum tenuifolium

Pittosporum tenuifolium is a small evergreen tree, up to , native to New Zealand, commonly known as kōhūhū and black matipo, and by other Māori names "kohukohu" and "tawhiwhi". It is sometimes grown under the cultivar name 'Nigricans', so called because of its black stems. In horticulture it is valued for its coloured foliage (cultivated variations include purple, "silver" and variegated leaves), and for its tolerance of some horticulturally difficult growing conditions, including dry soils and shade (although in northwest Europe, cold and exposed situations do not suit it). The flowers generally go unnoticed because of their colour, a very dark reddish-purple, and are scented only at night. It is found growing wild in coastal and lower mountain forest areas up to an altitude of 900m. 
The Latin "tenuifolium" means "slender-leaved". 
The species, along with several hybrids and cultivars, are available for garden use. The following have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:- 

</doc>
<doc id="9631740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631740" title="Veronica Micle">
Veronica Micle

Veronica Micle (born Ana Câmpeanu; April 22, 1850—August 3, 1889) was an Imperial Austrian-born Romanian poet, whose work was influenced by Romanticism. She is best known for her love affair with the poet Mihai Eminescu, one of the most important Romanian writers.
Biography.
Born in Năsăud, Micle was the second child of the shoemaker Ilie Câmpeanu and his wife Ana. She was born to him posthumously: Ilie died in 1849, taking two bullets to the chest while fighting under Avram Iancu against the Hungarian revolutionaries. Her mother went to Moldavia, settling in Târgu Neamț in 1850 and in Iaşi in 1853. Ana went to primary school (during which she began using the name Veronica) and to the Iaşi Central School for Girls, which she graduated in June 1863. Her graduation exam proctor was the Rector of the University of Iaşi, Professor Ştefan Micle. They fell in love and on August 7, 1864, at the Bob Church, Cluj, she married Micle, thirty years her senior. She had two daughters: Virginia, a poet who married Eduard Gruber, and Valeria, an opera singer who used the name Hilda professionally.
In March 1872, in Vienna, she met Eminescu, beginning a relationship that would last for the rest of their lives. At first he would visit the literary salon that she hosted. Their friendship had become love sometime between 1875, when they started dedicating poems to each other, and 1878 (sources vary). Their romance went through several ups and downs—for instance, Eminescu left for Bucharest in 1877 to edit "Timpul" and that year Micle published poems in which she expressed her sadness at being left behind. Her husband died in 1879, leaving her rather poor. She came to Bucharest to seek a pension and Eminescu publicly called her his fiancée, but further stresses intervened (including a stillborn child in May 1880) and while he took up the subject again in 1881, he was diagnosed with syphilis in 1883. 
In 1887, she moved to Bucharest in an effort to keep up Eminescu's spirits. After his death in June 1889, she retired to Văratec Monastery, where she put together a volume called "Dragoste şi Poezie" ("Love and Poetry"), in which she included poems of her own and those of Eminescu dedicated to her, to which she added commentary. A shaken Micle took arsenic not two months after Eminescu's death. She is buried on the monastery grounds, in Văratec. Her house in Târgu Neamţ, given to her by her parents as a wedding dowry and which she donated to the monastery in 1886, is now a museum.
Literary activity.
Micle made her publishing debut in "Noul Curier Român" ("NCR") in 1872, with two romantic sketches published under the pen-name Corina. She published her poems, influenced by Eminescu, in "Columna Lui Traian" in 1874 and in "Convorbiri Literare" the following year. She also contributed to "Familia" (from 1879), "Revista Nouă" and "Revista Literară".
Additionally, a volume containing 93 of Eminescu's letters to Micle and 15 of her replies was published in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9631749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631749" title="Horseradish peroxidase">
Horseradish peroxidase

The enzyme horseradish peroxidase (HRP), found in the roots of plant horseradish, is used extensively in biochemistry applications primarily for its ability to amplify a weak signal and increase detectability of a target molecule. It is a metalloenzyme with many isoforms and the most studied type is C. 
Structure.
The structure of the enzyme was first solved by X-ray crystallography in 1997 and has since has been solved several times with various substrates. It is an all alpha-helical protein which binds heme as a cofactor.
Substrates.
Alone, the HRP enzyme, or conjugates thereof, is of little value; its presence must be made visible using a substrate that, when oxidized by HRP using hydrogen peroxide as the oxidizing agent, yields a characteristic change that is detectable by spectrophotometric methods.
Numerous substrates for the horseradish peroxidase enzyme have been described and commercialized to exploit the desirable features of HRP. These substrates fall into several distinct categories. HRP catalyzes the conversion of chromogenic substrates (e.g., TMB, DAB, ABTS) into coloured products, and produces light when acting on chemiluminescent substrates (e.g. ECL).
Applications.
Horseradish peroxidase is a 44,173.9-dalton glycoprotein with 6 lysine residues which can be conjugated to a labeled molecule. It produces a coloured, fluorimetric, or luminescent derivative of the labeled molecule when incubated with a proper substrate, allowing it to be detected and quantified.
HRP is often used in conjugates (molecules that have been joined genetically or chemically) to determine the presence of a molecular target. For example, an antibody conjugated to HRP may be used to detect a small amount of a specific protein in a western blot. Here, the antibody provides the specificity to locate the protein of interest, and the HRP enzyme, in the presence of a substrate, produces a detectable signal. Horseradish peroxidase is also commonly used in techniques such as ELISA and Immunohistochemistry due to its monomeric nature and the ease with which it produces coloured products. Peroxidase, a heme-containing oxidoreductase, is a commercially important enzyme which catalyses the reductive cleavage of hydrogen peroxide by an electron donor.
Horseradish peroxidase is ideal in many respects for these applications because it is smaller, more stable, and less expensive than other popular alternatives such as alkaline phosphatase. It also has a high turnover rate that allows generation of strong signals in a relatively short time span. 
Moreover, "In recent years the technique of marking neurons with the enzyme horseradish peroxidase has become a major tool. In its brief history, this method has probably been used by more neurobiologists than have used the Golgi stain since its discovery in 1870."
Enhanced chemiluminescence (ECL).
Horseradish peroxidase catalyses the oxidation of luminol to 3-aminophthalate via several intermediates. The reaction is accompanied by emission of low-intensity light at 428 nm. However, in the presence of certain chemicals, the light emitted is enhanced up to 1000-fold, making the light easier to detect and increasing the sensitivity of the reaction. The enhancement of light emission is called enhanced chemiluminescence (ECL). Several enhancers can be used, but the most effective are modified phenols, especially p-iodophenol. The intensity of light is a measure of the number of enzyme molecules reacting and thus of the amount of hybrid.
ECL is simple to set up and is sensitive, detecting about 0.5 pg nucleic acid in Southern blots and in northern blots. Detection by chemiluminescent substrates has several advantages over chromogenic substrates. The sensitivity is 10- to 100-fold greater, and quantifying of light emission is possible over a wide dynamic range, whereas that for coloured precipitates is much more limited, about one order of magnitude less. Stripping filters are much easier when chemiluminescent substrates are used.

</doc>
<doc id="9631759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631759" title="The Law of the Wild">
The Law of the Wild

The Law of the Wild is a 1934 American Mascot movie serial directed by B. Reeves Eason and Armand Schaefer.
Plot.
John Sheldon is falsely accused by Frank Nolan of killing Lou Salters. With his owner now in prison, Nolan steals Sheldon's horse Rex with plans to ride him in a big race. Sheldon's dog, Rinty, Alice Ingram and her sidekick Henry rescue Rex and Alice rides him in the race instead. The winnings from the race are used to pay for Sheldon's defense.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9631795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631795" title="William D. Haseman">
William D. Haseman

William D. Haseman is an expert of Management Information Systems and Wisconsin Distinguished Professor of MIS of University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee. His expertise is Internet-based technologies.
He is the director of SBA Center for Technology Innovation at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee and was the Conference Chair of the 1999 AIS National Conference and is the conference chair for the premiere International Conference on Information Systems 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="9631805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631805" title="Meryatum">
Meryatum

Meryatum (“Beloved of Atum”) was an Ancient Egyptian prince and High Priest of Re, the son of Pharaoh Ramesses II and Nefertari.
He is shown as 16th on the processions of princes, and is likely to have been the last child born to Ramesses and Nefertari (after Amun-her-khepeshef, Pareherwenemef, Meritamen, Henuttawy and Meryre). He is depicted in the Smaller Abu Simbel temple, dedicated to Nefertari. Inscriptions at Karnak and elsewhere show Nefertari was his mother.
He visited Sinai in the second decade of his father's reign, and later in that decade was appointed as High Priest of Rê in Heliopolis, a position he held for the next twenty years.
Two of his statues are now in Berlin and a stela belonging to him is in Hildesheim. An ostrakon mentions work on his tomb and that of Isetnofret; it implies he was buried in the area of the Valley of the Queens, though it is also possible he was buried in KV5, the tomb built for the sons of Ramesses, since a fragment of one of his canopic jars was found there.
Monuments and Objects.
Meryatum is known from several inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="9631822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631822" title="Leicester High School for Girls">
Leicester High School for Girls

Leicester High School for Girls also known as 'LHS' is an independent day school for girls aged 3–18 situated in South Knighton, Leicester. It was originally a coeducational school but is now an all-girls school.
History.
The school was founded in 1906 as a Christian foundation, welcoming pupils of all faiths and none. It was constituted as a charitable trust in 1975, and is administered by a board of governors which has oversight of both the senior school and junior department. The current name has been in existence since 1985. 
Extracurricular Activities.
There are many after-school activities available ranging from community service projects to interest clubs to performing arts and music groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9631829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631829" title="Chief Leschi School">
Chief Leschi School

Chief Leschi School is a Native American tribal school located in the Puyallup Valley near Mount Rainier in Washington. It is a facility which is intended to be a model for Native American Education. It opened in 1996 serving Native American students from 92 different tribes in which the Puyallup Tribe of Indians constructed.
They have Middle school and High school sports teams, called the Warriors. These sports include volleyball, football, cross country, girls and boys basketball, cheerleading, wrestling, baseball, fastpitch and track.

</doc>
<doc id="9631840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631840" title="List of destroyed libraries">
List of destroyed libraries

Libraries have been deliberately or accidentally destroyed or badly damaged. Sometimes a library is purposely destroyed as a form of cultural cleansing. There are examples of accidentally destroyed libraries by human actions. Other times they are damaged by natural disasters like earthquakes, floods or accidental fires.
Library fires have happened sporadically through the centuries: notable examples are the destruction of the Library of Alexandria and the accidental burning of the Duchess Anna Amalia Library in Weimar. Causes vary from arson to the sun's rays setting fire to leaflets through the action of a magnifying lens in a library in Northam, Devon.
Causes and prevention.
In earlier times mildew was considered a major problem in a lot of libraries and so the emphasis on library design was to increase air flow by, for example, leaving openings under the shelves in adjoining floors. In a fire the flames will be drawn floor to floor by the air flow thus ensuring the relatively easy destruction of a whole library rather than a small section.
Advances in technology have reduced the possibility of a library collection being destroyed by fire. These include water sprinklers, fire doors, freezers, alarms, smoke detectors, suppression systems, and emergency generators. Older libraries are usually converted by closing up air flow openings and installing fire doors, alarms and sprinklers. Air conditioning reduces the mold problems. These are all essential parts of new library design.
There is no recovery possible if a book is burnt so it is accepted that a better solution is to put out the fire with water and then dry out the books. As mold destroys paper the books are frozen until they can be dried. This process will damage the book but not destroy it and the information will be intact.
In order to minimize the possibility of damage from fire, or other causes, and decrease the time needed for recovery after a destructive event, all libraries need a disaster management and recovery plan. This can be an ongoing process which will include professional development following updates in technology for key staff, training for the remaining staff, checking and maintaining disaster kits, and review of the disaster plan.
In addition, fire-safety investigations are periodically carried out, especially regarding historical libraries. The Library of Congress, for example, experienced a year-long inspection in 2000. Prior to the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, the Library of Congress and all Capitol Hill buildings were exempt from safety regulations. Balancing historical preservation and contemporary safety standards proves to be a difficult task for "even a 12-year rehabilitation of LC completed in 1997 did not address many fire hazards". After the Compliance Office inspection, however, the LC announced their wholehearted commitment "to achieving the highest level of safety possible" and "the Architect of the Capitol and Library of Congress will report their progress to the Office of Compliance every three months".
Information technology is another catalyst for careful fire protection. With so many computers in libraries there "is a decrease in floor space and an increase in more compact and powerful computer systems" which generates more heat and requires the use of many more outlets, increasing the number of potential ignition sources. From as early as the 1950s the potential dangers of computer equipment, and the facilities that house them, was recognized. Thus in 1962 the National Fire Protection Association began developing the first safety standards specifically applicable to electronic computer systems. This standard is called NFPA 75 Protection of Information Technology Equipment. FM Global Data Sheet 5–32 is another standard providing guidelines to protect against not only fire, but water, power loss, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9631842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631842" title="Crucial">
Crucial

Crucial may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9631890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631890" title="Dabbasheth">
Dabbasheth

Dabbasheth was a town on the border of Zebulun; in the Greek translation Septuagint, its name is translated as Βαιθάραβα (Baitharava). Conder has identified this town as synonymous with Dabsheh, the ruins of which are found east of Acco near the hills.

</doc>
<doc id="9631912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631912" title="Korzeńsko">
Korzeńsko

Korzeńsko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmigród, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Korzeńsko has approximately 1000 inhabitants, making it the largest village in Gmina Żmigród. It lies approximately north of the regional capital Wrocław. 

</doc>
<doc id="9631929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631929" title="Day by Day (Yolanda Adams album)">
Day by Day (Yolanda Adams album)

Day By Day is an album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. The single "Victory" was featured in the movie "The Gospel". The single "Be Blessed" won a Grammy award for Best Gospel Performance. "Someone Watching Over You" was also released as a single, and a music video was released for "This Too Shall Pass" (a song originally recorded as a duet with Crystal Lewis on the 1996 compilation album "Sisters: The Story Goes On").
Yolanda says of the title of her album in an interview, "I let my listener know that it's a process. That once you decide, 'Look, God I want you to lead my life, I want you to... take me through the hard stuff..." it doesn't just start automatically. And you don't just leap like Superman to the next spiritual level. It doesn't work like that. It's a day by day journey."
Awards.
The album was nominated for a Dove Award for Urban of the Year at the 37th GMA Dove Awards. The project also garnered two Grammy Awards: 2005 Best Gospel Performance - Be Blessed; 2006 Best Gospel Song - Victory.

</doc>
<doc id="9631934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631934" title="Thomas Taylour, 1st Earl of Bective">
Thomas Taylour, 1st Earl of Bective

Thomas Taylour, 1st Earl of Bective KP, PC (Ire) (20 October 1724 – 14 February 1795) was an Irish peer and politician.
Background.
He was the oldest son of Sir Thomas Taylor, 2nd Baronet and his wife Sarah Graham, daughter of John Graham. In 1757, Bective succeeded his father as baronet. He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin.
Career.
Bective entered the Irish House of Commons in 1747 and sat as Member of Parliament (MP) for Kells until 1760, when he was elevated to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Headfort, of Headfort, in the County of Meath. He was further honoured in 1762, he was made Viscount Headfort, of Headfort, in the County of Meath in 1762, and on 24 October 1766, he was finally advanced to the dignity of Earl of Bective, of Bective Castle, in the County of Meath. In 1783, Bective became a founding member of the Most Illustrious Order of St Patrick and in 1785 he was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland.
Family.
On 4 July 1754, he married Jane Rowley, daughter of Hercules Langford Rowley and his wife Elizabeth Rowley, 1st Viscountess Langford. They had four daughters and six sons. Bective died aged 70 and was succeeded in his titles by his oldest son Thomas. His second son Hercules and his third son Robert represented both the same constituency as their father. The fourth son Clotworthy was ennobled in his own right as Baron Langford. His grandson General Sir Richard Taylor enjoyed a distinguished career in the army.

</doc>
<doc id="9631944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631944" title="Asanuma">
Asanuma

Asanuma (Japanese: 浅沼) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include: 

</doc>
<doc id="9631947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631947" title="Petersfield, Jamaica">
Petersfield, Jamaica

Petersfield is a small town in Westmoreland Parish, Jamaica. It shares its name with five other places in Jamaica.
The town was founded in the 18th century and named after Peter Beckford, a slave owner who settled the Roaring River Estate. Petersfield was a dormitory community for workers on that estate.
Nowadays it is one street town with a community health centre at one end and a cemetery at the other. It is the home of many of the workers at the Frome Sugar Estate. The town has a reputation of being a quiet respectable community.
The reggae artist "Winston Hubert McIntosh" was born in Petersfield, and later on, when he lived in Jamaica's capital Kingston, he changed his name to "Peter" McIntosh (Peter Tosh).

</doc>
<doc id="9631958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631958" title="Chvojnica (river)">
Chvojnica (river)

The Chvojnica is a river (34 km) in western Slovakia. It is a left tributary to the Morava, into which it flows near the town of Holíč. Its source is in the White Carpathians. 

</doc>
<doc id="9631963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631963" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 470">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 470

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 470 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9631965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631965" title="NALT">
NALT

NALT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9631970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631970" title="Fairfield Hospital (Sydney)">
Fairfield Hospital (Sydney)

Fairfield Hospital is a district hospital located in Fairfield in the south-western part of Sydney, Australia. It has about 200 beds and provides general medical, general surgical, obstetric, paediatric, emergency, ambulatory care, and drug health services. An onsite academic unit affiliated with UNSW (University of New South Wales) Medicine provides general practice services, medical education and training, and conducts primary care, health services and health informatics research.
The hospital opened at its current location in Prairiewood in 1988, after relocating from the old site on The Horsley Drive in Fairfield. 

</doc>
<doc id="9631971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631971" title="WKU Public Radio">
WKU Public Radio

WKU Public Radio is the public radio service of Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green, Kentucky. It is a division of the Department of Information Technology at WKU, and a member of National Public Radio.
Stations.
The network consists of four full-power stations and a translator, all located in Kentucky and simulcasting the same programming at all times: 
Together, the five stations reach 65% of Kentucky, including the fringes of the Louisville and Lexington areas. The stations also serve portions of Indiana, Illinois and Tennessee. Much of this area is composed of rural areas and small towns; Evansville is by far the largest city in the region.
History.
WKYU-FM signed on for the first time on January 14, 1980. WDCL followed on February 22, 1983; WKPB on April 20, 1989, WKUE on June 1, 1990, and W277AA in 1993. Prior to Western Public Radio's sign-on, the only portion of the coverage area that had a clear signal from an NPR station was Henderson and Owensboro, which received NPR programming from WNIN-FM in Evansville.
Until August 2009, the network was known as Western's Public Radio, airing mostly classical music during the day. However, on August 31, it rebranded itself as WKU Public Radio, and began airing mostly news and talk during the day.

</doc>
<doc id="9631981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631981" title="David Chubinashvili">
David Chubinashvili

David Chubinashvili (), otherwise known as David Yesseevich Chubinov () by the Russified form of his name (September 26, 1814 – June 5, 1891) was a Georgian lexicographer, linguist and scholar of old Georgian literature. 
Having graduated from the University of St. Petersburg in 1839, he later lectured there on Georgian language, rising to the rank of professor. He helped establish the Department of Georgian Language and Literature and chaired it from 1855 to 1871. He was elected to the Imperial Geographic and Imperial Archaeological Societies and participated in the Tbilisi-based Society for the Spreading of Literacy Among Georgians (SSLG). He wrote literary criticism for the Russian and Georgian press, authored several works on Georgian language and literature, and published Shota Rustaveli and other classics of old Georgian literature. Chubinov was twice awarded Demidov Prize for compiling Georgian-Russian-French and Russian-Georgian dictionaries in 1840 and 1846 respectively. He bequeathed his rich collection of Georgian manuscripts to the SSLG.

</doc>
<doc id="9631983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631983" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 471">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 471

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 471 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9631984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9631984" title="KMSU (Minot)">
KMSU (Minot)

KMSU is a Student television station in Minot, North Dakota operated by the Minot State University broadcasting department. KMSU airs semi-regular locally produced broadcasts, as well as repeats of the University of North Dakota's "Studio One". KMSU also holds an annual fundraising auction. KMSU is available on channel 19 on the Midcontinent Communications cable system in Glenburn, Minot, and Minot Air Force Base. The station can now be heard online at the live streaming link on the KMSU website. The address is http://www.minotstateu.edu/kmsu

</doc>
<doc id="9632000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632000" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 472">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 472

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 472 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632012" title="Bielawa (disambiguation)">
Bielawa (disambiguation)

Bielawa is a town in Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-west Poland.
Bielawa may also refer to the following places in Poland:
Bielawa can be a Surname

</doc>
<doc id="9632016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632016" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 473">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 473

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 473 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632030" title="Mystery Mountain (serial)">
Mystery Mountain (serial)

Mystery Mountain is a 1934 American Western serial film directed by Otto Brower and B. Reeves Eason and starring Ken Maynard, Verna Hillie, Syd Saylor, Edward Earle, and Hooper Atchley. Distributed by Mascot Pictures, the series was a remake of Mascot's film "The Hurricane Express" (1932). "Mystery Mountain" features the second film appearance by Gene Autry.
Plot.
Ken Williams (Ken Maynard) is determined to discover the identity of a mysterious killer who preys upon railroads and transportation companies like the ones owned by Jane Corwin (Verna Hillie). Her railroad worker father (Lafe McKee) was the first victim of the murderous fiend known as The Rattler, who is especially difficult to catch because he makes himself appear as other people with a collection of masks, or he effects a strange disguise with eyeglasses, a fake nose, and a crepe-hair mustache. The Rattler — also known as "the Menace of the Mountain" — attempts to control the mountain and its hidden gold from his secret cave filled with strange electronic gadgets.
Production.
Filming and budget.
"Mystery Mountain" was filmed in the fall of 1934. The film had an operating budget of $65,000 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $80,000.
Stuntwork.
According to the book "The Great Movie Serials: Their Sound and Fury", Ken Maynard was doubled by Cliff Lyons in some scenes but performed many of his own stunts, especially riding, in others. However, the later book "In the Nick of Time" states that Ken Maynard was doubled by his brother Kermit Maynard. The physical similarities between the two makes it difficult to spot the difference on screen between actor and stuntman. Maynard's horse, Tarzan, had three doubles, one of which was blind.
Future serial director William Witney, working as an assistant director, performed one stunt during this serial when the stuntman failed to show up to the location shoot. He rode a horse at speed across a bridge over a ravine with a moving train behind him.
Special effects.
Special effects were provided by J. Laurence Wickland.

</doc>
<doc id="9632032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632032" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 474">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 474

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 474 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632033" title="Elsinore (disambiguation)">
Elsinore (disambiguation)

Elsinore is an English name for the Danish city Helsingør.
Elsinore may also refer to:
"The Mutiny of the Elsinore" is a novel by Jack London.

</doc>
<doc id="9632039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632039" title="Bielawa, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bielawa, Masovian Voivodeship

Bielawa is a village located in Poland, in Piaseczno County in the Masovian Voivodeship, just south of the city of Warsaw.
The Bielawski family originated from and owned the village of Bielawa in the 15th century through 17th century. 
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9632047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632047" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 475">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 475

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 475 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632066" title="USS Pollux">
USS Pollux

USS "Pollux" or USNS "Pollux" has been the name of more than one United States Navy ship, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9632068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632068" title="Martin Hangl">
Martin Hangl

Martin Hangl (born 1962) is a retired Swiss alpine skier. He won the gold medal in the Super-G at the WC 1989 in Vail. In addition he won three other world cup competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="9632069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632069" title="Moulsford Railway Bridge">
Moulsford Railway Bridge

Moulsford Railway Bridge, known locally as "Four Arches" bridge is a pair of parallel bridges located a little to the north of Moulsford and South Stoke in Oxfordshire, UK. It carries the Great Western Main Line from Paddington, London to Wales and the West across the River Thames. It lies between the stations at Goring & Streatley and Cholsey, and crosses the Thames at an oblique angle on the reach between Cleeve Lock and Benson Lock. 
Construction.
First bridge.
The original bridge was designed to carry two broad gauge tracks by Isambard Kingdom Brunel for the Great Western Railway and was built between 1838 and 1839, at the same time as Maidenhead and Gatehampton railway bridges. It is constructed from red brick with Bath stone quoins as four elliptical skew arches of span and a headway height of . 
Second bridge.
In 1892 the line was converted to quadruple track and a second bridge was built alongside the upstream side of the original and connected to it by girders and brick bridgelets. The second bridge was built to the same profile and dimensions as the original but it lacks the stone quoins of the original and the plain uncut bricks make a jagged pattern where they meet the faces of the bridge. The second bridge is also narrower, having been built to carry a pair of standard gauge tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="9632073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632073" title="Bratz Babyz (video game)">
Bratz Babyz (video game)

Bratz Babyz is a video game based on the Bratz Babyz line. It was released for PC and the Game Boy Advance.
Overview.
The player takes control of Cloe, Jade, Sasha and Yasmin. The premise of the game is that they must rescue their friend's dog from a bully. The game is a collection of mini-games geared toward 4-8 year old children. The first one is dress up.

</doc>
<doc id="9632080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632080" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 477">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 477

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 477 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632092" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 478">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 478

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 478 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632098" title="Cache Discovery Protocol">
Cache Discovery Protocol

The Cache Discovery Protocol (CDP) is an extension to the BitTorrent file-distribution system. It is designed to support the discovery and utilisation of local data caches by BitTorrent peers, typically set up by ISPs wishing to minimise the impact of BitTorrent traffic on their network.
The Cache Discovery Protocol was originally developed jointly by BitTorrent, Inc. and CacheLogic and first implemented in version 4.20 of the official BitTorrent client, released June 22, 2006. However, despite claims that the details of the protocol would be published, to date no specification has been made publicly available.

</doc>
<doc id="9632102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632102" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 479">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 479

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 479 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632117" title="Ramesses-Meryamun-Nebweben">
Ramesses-Meryamun-Nebweben

Ramesses-Meryamun-Nebweben was an Ancient Egyptian prince, a son of Pharaoh Ramesses II.
Since he is not shown or mentioned anywhere among the children of Ramesses, he is likely to have been one of the youngest of Ramesses' sons. He is known to us only from the inscriptions of his coffins. The identity of his mother is unknown. He spent his life in the Mer-wer harem, and was buried nearby after his death in his 30s.
His body was found, and it is apparent that he had a deformed spine and was hunchbacked. It is likely that because of his deformity it was difficult to find an adequate coffin for him. He was buried in an unused outer coffin of his great-grandfather, which Ramesses I had had made when he was still a vizier. Although the inner coffin was also altered for Ramesses-Meryamun-Nebweben's burial, and the inscriptions were changed to his name instead of that of his great-grandfather, only the outer coffin was used, and the inner one was found by archeologists in a pit in Medinet Habu.
Unlike several of his brothers, whose name also includes the name "Ramesses," in his name "Ramesses Meryamun" was enclosed in a cartouche, making it explicit that it is not used in its literal meaning ("Born of Rê, Beloved of Amun") but refers to the pharaoh. "Nebweben" means "lord of sunshine", the meaning of the prince's name is thus "Pharaoh Ramesses is the Lord of Sunshine". Such names, glorifying the pharaoh, are often found as names taken by high officials, but are relatively rare as given names within the royal family during the New Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9632125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632125" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 480">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 480

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 480 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632130" title="Salvador (Ricardo Villalobos album)">
Salvador (Ricardo Villalobos album)

Salvador is a compilation album by Chilean producer Ricardo Villalobos, released in 2006. It collects several of his earlier singles, with a bonus remix of a Señor Coconut song.

</doc>
<doc id="9632131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632131" title="Carlisle High School (Carlisle, Ohio)">
Carlisle High School (Carlisle, Ohio)

Carlisle High School is a public high school in Carlisle, Ohio.
Background.
Carlisle High School is the senior high of the Carlisle Local School District (Carlisle, Ohio). The school was originally located in two story building on the corner of Jamaica Road and Fairview Drive. It is now at 250 Jamaica Road. The current building, constructed in 1972, has unique architecture. The school was built for the utmost efficiency in climate control. Earthen mounds surround the building, and the building is partially set in the ground. 
The school enrollment is about 494. Carlisle High School strives for academic excellence. Six AP classes are offered: English Literature, Calculus, Chemistry, Government, United States History, and Spanish Language. Dual-Credit Classes will be offered in the near future allowing students to earn both High School and College credit. A future goal is for students to graduate High School with 15-30 college credits, saving parents/students money on future tuition costs. The Ohio Education Association considers Carlisle High School to be an "Excellent" rated school. Carlisle is also a member of the High Schools That Work Association, a group that helps secondary education institutions set goals for improvement.

</doc>
<doc id="9632133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632133" title="Hercules Taylour">
Hercules Taylour

Major Hercules Langford Taylour (9 September 1759 – 20 May 1790) styled The Honourable from 1760, was an Irish soldier and politician.
He was the second son of Thomas Taylour, 1st Earl of Bective and his wife Jane Rowley, daughter of Hercules Langford Rowley and Elizabeth Rowley, 1st Viscountess Langford. His older brother was Thomas Taylour, 1st Marquess of Headfort and his younger brothers were Robert Taylour and Clotworthy Rowley, 1st Baron Langford.
Taylour served in British Army and was major of the 5th Dragoon Guards (Princess Charlotte of Wales's). In 1781, he entered the Irish House of Commons for Kells, the same constituency his father represented also, and was Member of Parliament (MP) until his death in 1790. He never married nor sired any children.

</doc>
<doc id="9632137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632137" title="Michael Brody">
Michael Brody

Michael Brody (born 1954) is a Hungarian linguist, and Emeritus Professor of Linguistics at University College London.
He was educated at Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest (1972-4), Université René Descartes (Sorbonne) (1974-5), University College London (1975–80) and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1980–82). In addition to his position at UCL, he has also been a Senior Fellow at Collegium Budapest. He is known for creating the Mirror Theory, which proposes a specific interface between syntax and morphology.

</doc>
<doc id="9632150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632150" title="Einstein–de Haas effect">
Einstein–de Haas effect

The Einstein–de Haas effect, or the "Richardson effect" (after Owen Willans Richardson), is a physical phenomenon delineated by Albert Einstein and Wander Johannes de Haas in the mid 1910s, that exposes a relationship between magnetism, angular momentum, and the spin of elementary particles. Wander Johannes de Haas' son, Rowan de Haas, was also a major contributor to the theory, applying its principles to the engineering industry. Specifically, Rowan's contributions had a transformative effect on the steel manufacturing industry in the early 20th century.
Description.
The effect corresponds to the mechanical rotation that is induced in a ferromagnetic material (of cylindrical shape and originally at rest), suspended with the aid of a thin string inside a coil, on driving an impulse of electric current through the coil. To this mechanical rotation of the ferromagnetic material (say, iron) is associated a mechanical angular momentum, which, by the law of conservation of angular momentum, must be compensated by an equally large and oppositely directed angular momentum inside the ferromagnetic material. Given the fact that an external magnetic field, here generated by driving electric current through the coil, leads to magnetisation of electron spins in the material (or to reversal of electron spins in an already magnetised ferromagnet — provided that the direction of the applied electric current is appropriately chosen), the Einstein–de Haas effect demonstrates that spin angular momentum is indeed of the same nature as the angular momentum of rotating bodies as conceived in classical mechanics. This is remarkable, since 
electron spin, being quantized, cannot be described within the framework of classical mechanics. 
Commenting on the papers by Einstein, Calaprice in "The Einstein Almanac" writes:
52. Einstein, W. J. de Haas, "Experimenteller Nachweis der Ampereschen Molekularströme" Proof of Ampère's Molecular Currents, Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft, Verhandlungen 17 (1915): 152-170.
Considering Ampère's hypothesis that magnetism is caused by the microscopic circular motions of electric charges, the authors proposed a design to test Lorentz's theory that the rotating particles are electrons. The aim of the experiment was to measure the torque generated by a reversal of the magnetisation of an iron cylinder.
Calaprice further writes:
53. Einstein, W. J. de Haas, "Experimental Proof of the Existence of Ampère's Molecular Currents" (in English), Koninklijke Akademie van Wetenschappen te Amsterdam, Proceedings 18 (1915-16).
Einstein wrote three papers with Wander J. de Haas on experimental work they did together on Ampère's molecular currents, known as the Einstein–de Haas effect. He immediately wrote a correction to paper 52 (above) when Dutch physicist H. A. Lorentz pointed out an error. In addition to the two papers above is 52 and 53 Einstein and de Haas cowrote a "Comment" on paper 53 later in the year for the same journal. This topic was only indirectly related to Einstein's interest in physics, but, as he wrote to his friend Michele Besso, "In my old age I am developing a passion for experimentation."
Calculations based on a model of electron spin as a circulating electric charge underestimate this magnetic moment by a factor of approximately 2, the Landé g-factor. A correct description of this magnetic moment requires a treatment based on quantum electrodynamics.

</doc>
<doc id="9632151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632151" title="Orchomenus (Arcadia)">
Orchomenus (Arcadia)

Orchomenus or Orchomenos (Greek: ) was an ancient city of Arcadia, Greece, called by Thucydides (v. 61) the Arcadian Orchomenus (), to distinguish it from the Boeotian town. Its ruins are near the modern village of Orchomenos (before 1963: Καλπάκι - "Kalpaki").
Situation.
It was situated in a plain surrounded on every side by mountains. This plain was bounded on the south by a low range of hills, called Anchisia, which separated it from the territory of Mantineia; on the north by a lofty chain, called Oligyrtus, through which lie the passes into the territories of Pheneus and Stymphalus; and on the east and west by two parallel chains running from north to south, which bore no specific name in antiquity: the eastern range is in one part 5400 feet (1600 m) high, and the western about 4000 feet (1200 m). The plain is divided into two by hills projecting on either side from the eastern and western ranges, and which approach so close as to allow space for only a narrow ravine between them. The western hill, on account of its rough and rugged form, was called Trachy () in antiquity; upon the summit of the western mountain stood the acropolis of Orchomenus. The northern plain is lower than the southern; the waters of the latter run through the ravine between Mount Trachy and that upon which Orchomenus stands into the northern plain, where, as there is no outlet for the waters, they form a considerable lake. The acropolis of Orchomenus, stood upon a lofty, steep, and insulated hill, nearly 3000 feet (900 m) high, resembling the strong fortress of the Messenian Ithome, and, like the latter, commanding two plains.
History.
From its situation and its legendary history, we may conclude that it was one of the most powerful cities of Arcadia in early times. Pausanias relates that Orchomenus was founded by an eponymous hero, the son of Lycaon; but there was a tradition that, on the death of Arcas, his dominions were divided among his three sons, of whom Elatus obtained Orchomenus as his portion. The kings of Orchomenus are said to have ruled over nearly all Arcadia. Pausanias also gives a list of the kings of Orchomenus, whom he represents at the same time as kings of Arcadia. One of these kings, Aristocrates, the son of Aechmis, was stoned to death by his people for violating the virgin priestess of Artemis Hymnia. Aristocrates was succeeded by his son Hicetas, and Hicetas by his son Aristocrates II, who, having abandoned the Messenians at the battle of the Trench in the second war against Sparta, experienced the fate of his grandfather, being stoned to death by the Arcadians. He appears to have been the last king of Orchomenus, who reigned over Arcadia, but his family was not deprived of the kingdom of Orchomenus, as is stated in some authorities, since we find his son Aristodemus represented as king of the city. It would appear, indeed, that royalty continued to exist at Orchomenus long after its abolition in most other Greek cities, since Theophilus related that Peisistratus, king of Orchomenus, was put to death by the aristocracy in the Peloponnesian War.
Orchomenus is mentioned by Homer, who gives it the epithet of , and it is also called "ferax" by Ovid, and by Apollonius Rhodius In the Persian Wars, Orchomenus sent 120 men to Thermopylae, and 600 to Plataea. In the Peloponnesian War, the Lacedaemonians deposited in Orchomenus the hostages they had taken from the Arcadians; but the walls of the city were then in a dilapidated state; and accordingly, when the Athenians and their Peloponnesian allies advanced against the city in 418 BCE, the Orchomenians dared not offer resistance, and surrendered the hostages. At the time of the foundation of Megalopolis, we find the Orchomenians exercising supremacy over Theisoa, Methydrium, and Teuthis; but the inhabitants of these cities were then transferred to Megalopolis, and their territories assigned to the latter. The Orchomenians, through their enmity to the Mantineians, refused to join the Arcadian confederacy, and made war upon the Mantineians. Henceforth, Orchomenus lost its political importance; but, from its commanding situation, its possession was frequently an object of the belligerent powers in later times. In the war between Cassander and Polyperchon, it fell into the power of the former, 313 BCE. It subsequently espoused the side of the Aetolians, was taken by Cleomenes, and was afterwards retaken by Antigonus Doson, who placed there a Macedonian garrison. It was given back by Philip II to the Achaeans.
Strabo mentions it among the Arcadian cities, which had either disappeared, or of which there were scarcely any traces left; but this appears from Pausanias to have been an exaggeration. When 19th century classicist William Smith visited the place, in the mid-19th century, the old city upon the summit of the mountain was in ruins, and there were only some vestiges of the agora and the town walls; but at the foot of the mountain there was still an inhabited town. The upper town was probably deserted at a very early period; for such is the natural strength of its position, that it is unlikely that the Orchomenians were dwelling there in the Peloponnesian War, when they were unable to resist an invading force. Pausanias mentions, as the most remarkable objects in the place, a source of water, and temples of Poseidon and Aphrodite, with statues of stone. Close to the city was a wooden statue of Artemis, enclosed in a great cedar tree, and hence called Cedreatis. Below the city were several heaps of stones, said to have been erected to some persons slain in battle.
Ruins.
The modern village of Orchomenos stands on the site of the lower Orchomenus. On approaching the place from the south the traveller sees, on his left, tumuli, chiefly composed of collections of stones, as described by Pausanias. Just above Kalpaki are several pieces of white marble columns, belonging to an ancient temple. There are also some remains of a temple at a ruined church below the village, near which is a copious fountain, which is evidently the one described by Pausanias. On the summit of the hill are some remains of the walls of the more ancient Orchomenus.
In the territory of Orchomenus, but adjoining that of Mantineia, consequently on the northern slope of Mt. Anchisia, was the temple of Artemis Hymnia, which was held in high veneration by all the Arcadians in the most ancient times. Its site is probably indicated by a chapel of the Virgin Mary, which stands east of Levidi.
In the southern plain is an ancient canal, which conducts the waters from the surrounding mountains through the ravine into the lower or northern plain, which is the other Orchomnenian plain of Pausanias. After passing the ravine, at the distance of 3 stadia from Orchomenus, the road divides into two. One turns to the left along the northern side of the Orchomenian acropolis to Caphyae, the other crosses the torrent, and passes under Mount Trachy to the tomb of Aristocrates, beyond which are the fountains called Teneiae (). Seven stadia further is a place called Amilus (). Here, in ancient times, the road divided into two, one leading to Stymphalus and the other to Pheneus. The above-mentioned fountains are visible just beyond Trachy, and a little further are some Hellenic ruins, which are those of Amilus.

</doc>
<doc id="9632159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632159" title="G.O.D. Pt. III">
G.O.D. Pt. III

"G.O.D. Pt. III" is the third single from Mobb Deep's "Hell on Earth" album. The song contains a sample from "Tony's Theme" by Giorgio Moroder from the 1983 film "Scarface", and a drum-loop from "Fool Yourself" by Little Feat. The title is a reference to "The Godfather Part III". Laron Pierce recorded a song with Duece Trae who are known as "Lyrical Frontline" made a freestyle and named it "Can't Turn Back Pt. III".
The chorus features Infamous Mobb member Godfather Pt. III.
The song is included on the best of album, "".
The music video (directed by Steve Carr) takes place in an Opera House. Prodigy and Havoc take turns doing verses in different locations of the Opera House

</doc>
<doc id="9632166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632166" title="Computerized Achievement Levels Test">
Computerized Achievement Levels Test

The Computerized Achievement Levels Test is a student achievement test, and is more commonly referred to as the Northwest Achievement Levels Test (NALT), the paper version of the test.
According to McGraw-Hill, the publisher of the CAT,
CAT/5 tests accurately measure achievement in reading, language, spelling, mathematics, study skills, science, and social studies. CAT/5 reports are available in many formats for different target audiences. By presenting relevant, accurate results in a variety of ways, reports can assist teachers with instructional planning, indicate curricula directions for administrators, and help parents understand areas where children are academically strong and where added attention may be necessary.
Additionally, the publisher says test content represents different cultures and covers a broad range of subjects, appealing to all students. 
According to Frontline (PBS) Although many believe that tests are the best or only indicator of student performance, it is important to remember that there are other indicators of a child's knowledge and skill levels. Moreover, achievement tests are sometimes used to measure or evaluate aspects of education for which they are not designed, including how well a school is educating its students. Despite what some see as problems and controversies, tests are very successful in measuring the things they are designed to measure. There are, however, many skills and attributes tests do not measure. For example, standardized tests do not measure a child's motivation to understand new material and perform well in school. They also will not measure a child's creativity or curiosity, nor the ability to cooperate in a group, challenge assumptions, or complete in-depth projects. None of these characteristics is tested, yet they are all essential skills for further education, workplace preparation, and life in general. It is important to remember that performance on standardized tests is not a complete indication of the full range of a child's academic abilities.

</doc>
<doc id="9632168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632168" title="Northwest Achievement Levels Test">
Northwest Achievement Levels Test

The Northwest Achievement Levels Test (NALT) is the paper version of the Computerized Achievement Levels Test, a test of student achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="9632171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632171" title="Rachel Lebowitz">
Rachel Lebowitz

Rachel Lebowitz (born 1975 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is an award winning Canadian writer.
Biography.
She was born in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1975. After attending graduate school at Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec she moved with her husband, Zachariah Wells, to Halifax, Nova Scotia in 2003. In 2006, Lebowitz and Wells moved to Vancouver, where Lebowitz enrolled in a teacher-training programme at Simon Fraser University.
Also in 2006, Lebowitz's book "Hannus" was published by Pedlar Press. "Hannus" is a biographical work about the life of Lebowitz's great-grandmother, Ida Hannus. It was shortlisted for the 2007 Roderick Haig-Brown Regional Prize and the Edna Staebler Award for Creative Non-Fiction. In 2008, she and Wells' children's book, "Anything But Hank!" was published. Her third book, Cottonopolis, uses found and prose poems to tell the story of the cotton industry during the industrial revolution. It was published by Pedlar Press in Spring, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9632172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632172" title="MAMADOU">
MAMADOU

MAMADOU is a Senegalese music band. Originally called "Mamadou Diop and the Jolole Band", the group was founded in early 1998, later simplifying their name to "MAMADOU" in late 2000.
The group began when West African rhythm guitarist and singer Mamadou Diop was introduced to a group of jazz musicians consisting of Czech guitarist Pavel Jirka, bassist John Pfister, and drummer Ted Sillars. Soon afterwards, they changed their format to exclusively original and traditional songs influenced by West African rhythms mixed with cubano, salsa, merengue, reggae, mbalax, and various other styles. Senegalese percussionist Ibrahima Camara was brought in to provide sabar drumming, accompanied by Mamadou and Ted during "percussion jams". Finally, keyboardist Adam Zampino joined the band. As of 2011, the current configuration of the group includes Mamadou Diop, keyboardist Adam Zampino, singer and percussionist Michelle Cherie Foss-Zampino, drummer Mitch Cohen, bassist David Gagnon, and conga player Shira Moss.
Unlike most other African music groups, this band was started in the United States. They are based in Salem, Massachusetts, and the accompanying musicians are mostly American artists.
References.
Winner of the 2011 Boston Music Award for International Artist of the Year, Mamadou Diop and his band MAMADOU are known for their eclectic blend of exotic rhythms and powerful percussion jams that will set your feet and spirit dancing! Weaving together diverse musical traditions with the powerful rhythms of West Africa, the unique and high energy music of MAMADOU sets feet and spirits dancing. The band performs original music based on authentic African rhythms and arrangements, composed by Mamadou Diop of Dakar, Sénégal, who takes these fundamental African rhythms and layers them throughout his music.
At the heart of MAMADOU's music is the drum. Powerful are the rhythms of Sénégal, making a connection with the soul of each listener. Each musician is given command of separate, offset rhythms, making this music among the most danceable around. Sung in Wolof (Mamadou Diop's native language), French, and English, the songs speak of the importance of love, friendship, and spirit; all in a manner that transcends language and cultural barriers. MAMADOU has been enthusiastically received by club and festival audiences who welcome the opportunity to experience their joyful combination of musical genres.

</doc>
<doc id="9632194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632194" title="Gouwe (river)">
Gouwe (river)

The Gouwe is a channelized river in South Holland, the Netherlands. It runs in a north-south direction from the Oude Rijn to the Hollandse IJssel.
From Alphen aan den Rijn, where the Gouwe begins at the Gouw Locks, it flows through Boskoop and Waddinxveen to Gouda. Here it splits into the old stream through the city and into the Gouwe Canal on the city's west side.
The Gouwe was historically part of the primary (and prescribed) shipping route in Holland, connecting Dordrecht with Haarlem and later on Amsterdam. These cities, together with the Counts of Holland who collected toll at Gouda and Spaarndam, maintained this arrangement to the dissatisfaction of the cities Delft and Leiden which were bypassed by this route.
Today the Gouwe is still an important shipping route. At the Oude Rijn, river travel can be continued north over the Aar Canal. It also functions as the main water outlet for the Rijnland region.
Three striking vertical lift bridges cross the Gouwe at Alphen aan den Rijn, Boskoop, and Waddinxveen.

</doc>
<doc id="9632199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632199" title="Ilija Crijević">
Ilija Crijević

Ilija Crijević (), also known in Italian as Elio Lampridio Cerva, was a poet born in the city of Dubrovnik in the homonymous Republic c. 1460 (or 1434 as indicated by some sources), and belonged to one of the most important local noble families, the House of Cerva.
Life and literary works.
The life of Elio Lampridio Cerva, one of the more scholarly poets of his time, was stormy and restless. It was marked by a strong intolerance to the barbarism around him. Linguistically, he was close to Latin and Dalmatian, and rejected the Serbo-Croatian language: 
This torment are clearly apparent in his works, where he declared his nostalgia for the times when no language other than Latin had been officially used in the Ragusan Republic (and he had as a wish not to hear the echo of that "stribiligo Illyrian", "infecting Slavic language".) 
He spent several years in Rome, where he arrived still child, to succeed his uncle Sthepan, ambassador to Pope Sixtus IV. Here, in the circle of Pomponio Leto, his poetic talent awoke. He studied ancient drama and made a study of the comedies of Plautus. It was in this period that he produced "Lexicon" (1480), an encyclopedic dictionary in Latin, 429 pages long and "in quarto" format (33 x 23 cm). He returned to Ragusa in 1490. 
He was spokesman for the Republic of Ragusa. Finally, perhaps pushed by the circumstances in which he lived, Crijević decided to withdraw to the island of Umbla, where he remained until his death in 1521. Although called a poet, he published only four short components (all in Latin) during his life. His main work, "De Epidauro", was a draft of an epic poem, about the Turkish invasions of Ragusan territory.

</doc>
<doc id="9632204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632204" title="De Vaucouleurs' law">
De Vaucouleurs' law

de Vaucouleurs' law (also called the de Vaucouleurs profile) describes how the surface brightness formula_1 of an elliptical galaxy varies as a function of apparent distance formula_2 from the center:
By defining "Re" as the radius of the isophote containing half the luminosity (i.e., the radius of the inner disk contributing half the brightness of the galaxy), de Vaucouleurs' law may be written:
or
where "Ie" is the surface brightness at "Re". This can be confirmed by noting
de Vaucouleurs' law is a special case of Sersic's law, with Sersic index n=4. A number of density laws that approximately reproduce de Vaucouleurs' law after projection onto the plane of the sky include Jaffe's model and Dehnen's model.

</doc>
<doc id="9632214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632214" title="Oklahoma State Highway 63">
Oklahoma State Highway 63

State Highway 63 (abbreviated SH-63) is a 96.7 mile (155.6 km) state highway in southeastern Oklahoma. It runs from U.S. Highway 69 in Kiowa to the Arkansas state line. SH-1 forms a concurrency with SH-63 for , nearly forty percent of the highway's length. SH-63 has one spur route, designated as SH-63A. 
SH-63 was added to the state highway system on November 6, 1935 as a short link highway between Talihina and SH-2. The highway was gradually extended to its present length between then and 1960. When the current incarnation of SH-1 was established, the middle of SH-63 was turned over to the new highway, leaving SH-63 in two separate parts. The two sections were connected via a concurrency in the early 1980s.
Route description.
SH-63 heads northeast from Kiowa, passing through Pittsburg and crossing under the Indian Nation Turnpike near Blanco. In Haileyville, it meets US-270/SH-1 and begins a concurrency with them. After passing through Hartshorne, US-270 splits off. Seven miles (11 km) later, the highways pass through unincorporated Higgins, then continues east for , where they meets State Highway 2 and the two highways concur with it.
The SH-1/2/63 concurrency heads south for six miles (10 km). West of Buffalo Valley, SH-2 splits off to the south as SH-1/63 head east. In Talihina, the highways meet US-271, which SH-1 joins. SH-63 heads east alone, passing through Whitesboro and Muse. In Big Cedar, it crosses U.S. Highway 259. It then enters Ouachita National Forest and ends at the state line. Arkansas Highway 8 continues on to Mena.
History.
State Highway 63 was first established on November 6, 1935 as a connection between SH-2 and US-271 in Talihina. On April 1, 1936, the highway was extended east to end at the Arkansas state line. This remained the highway's extent for the remainder of the 1930s and the 1940s.
The highway was extended west for the first time on August 4, 1952, when SH-63's western terminus was set at US-270 near Hartshorne. The highway was extended further west on January 29, 1960, bringing it to US-69 in Kiowa. The SH-63 of 1960 had the same basic route as that of the present day. Minor realignments to the highway occurred on September 6, 1962 northwest of the northern SH-2 junction, and through Haileyville and Hartshorne on August 3, 1964.
The current State Highway 1 was designated on February 5, 1968. The portion of highway between Haileyville and Talihina was made solely part of SH-1. This left SH-63 in two discontinuous sections, one between Kiowa and Haileyville and one from Talihina to the Arkansas line. This situation would persist for fifteen years. On July 7, 1983, SH-63 was restored between the two segments, forming the SH-1/63 concurrency. No further changes have occurred to the highway since.
SH-63A.
SH-63 has one lettered spur, SH-63A. SH-63A begins at SH-1/63 two miles (3 km) west of Talihina. It heads north for before forking into two separate highways. The west fork goes to the Choctaw Nation hospital, while the east fork goes to the Oklahoma Veterans Center. The west fork is exactly long, and the southern and eastern forks together are , for a total combined length of .

</doc>
<doc id="9632216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632216" title="Hansjörg Tauscher">
Hansjörg Tauscher

Hansjörg Tauscher (born September 15, 1967 in Oberstdorf) is a retired German alpine skier. His best career achievement in the World Cup was third place in a downhill race in Garmisch in January 1992, but he surprisingly won the downhill race at the WC 1989 in Vail.

</doc>
<doc id="9632226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632226" title="Savane (album)">
Savane (album)

Savane is the final solo album by Malian musician Ali Farka Touré. It is the third and final part of the Hôtel Mandé Sessions, featuring Touré and Toumani Diabaté, recorded by World Circuit head Nick Gold. The album was released posthumously by World Circuit on 17 July 2006, more than four months after Touré's death.
The recording sessions at Hôtel Mandé in Bamako took place from June to July 2004. Touré, suffering from cancer, had wanted to remain in Mali, so a temporary studio was set up on the top floor of the hotel. Touré approved the final master of "Savane" just weeks before his death in March 2006. He said of the album: "I know this is my best album ever. It has the most power and is the most different."
"Savane" features a number of non-African blues musicians, such as Little George Sueref, Pee Wee Ellis, and also Touré's protégé since the age of 13, Afel Bocoum.
It was released to high critical acclaim, earning a 94 on Metacritic.

</doc>
<doc id="9632230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632230" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 481">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 481

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 481 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632244" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 482">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 482

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 482 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632251" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 483">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 483

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 483 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632253" title="Morristown, Arizona">
Morristown, Arizona

Morristown is a census-designated place in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is about northwest of Phoenix, at the junction of State Route 74 and U.S. Route 60.
Morristown is home to the Morristown Elementary School District.
The Morristown Store, formerly the Morristown Hotel, also located within the town, is listed on the National Register of Historical Places.
Much of Morristown is within the municipal planning area of Surprise, and Surprise intends to eventually annex the area. The portion of Morristown south of US 60, however, exists in small area between the planning areas of Surprise, Buckeye and Wickenburg, where neither city has yet expressed a planned interest in expanding. This area is named after Morristown, New Jersey.
Morristown is also the home of internet sensation "Tardar Sauce, the Grumpy Cat".
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 227 people residing in the CDP. The population density was 508.1 people per square mile. The racial makeup of the CDP was 96.48% White, 0.44% Native American, 0.38% Asian, 0.25% Pacific Islander, 2.20% from other races, and 0.88% from two or more races. 4.85% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Notable Residents.
Tardar Sauce, famous Internet sensation "Grumpy Cat"

</doc>
<doc id="9632254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632254" title="Coprofago">
Coprofago

Coprofago is a technical death metal band formed in Santiago, Chile, in June 1993. The name of the band is taken from Greek "copro", or "feces", and "fago", meaning "eat." Sebastián Vergara, Pablo Alvarez, Pablo Solari, and Ignacio Suit founded the band.
Biography.
Coprofago was formed while all founding members were still in school. They recorded a standard death metal demo that sold out immediately, getting the attention of some magazines in Chile, but generally without good reviews. With the addition of Marcelo Ruiz on drums and Felipe Castro on bass, the band released 1997's "Images of Despair", later 2000s "Genesis", and started to get more attention. They were invited to share stage with the death metal band Krisiun, local band Criminal, and other Chilean bands. A growing reputation and praise from bands like Atheist, Darkane and even Watchtower members led to a deal with French label Sekhmet, which release the "Genesis" album in Europe.
A few weeks before the European release, Marcelo and subsequently Pablo moved to Sweden, which led the band to a period of inactivity until mid-2003, when they came back and started to write the music for their following album, "Unorthodox Creative Criteria", released on July 2005. The album was a rather uncommon mixture of death metal with progressive rock bordering at times on jazz fusion.

</doc>
<doc id="9632257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632257" title="21c (television series)">
21c (television series)

21c (or 21st century) is a weekly Canadian newsmagazine television series for teens which aired on CTV from 2001 until 2004. The show was hosted by Dominic Patten and Anne-Marie Mediwake who presented topics related to teen issues.

</doc>
<doc id="9632272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632272" title="Sharanda Jones">
Sharanda Jones

Sharanda Jones is an American black woman serving a life sentence without parole, convicted according to mandatory minimum sentencing as part of a conspiracy to distribute crack cocaine. Her case is one of the most publicized by critics of mandatory sentencing guidelines for cocaine distribution.
Case.
Sharanda Jones' conviction stems from a drug sweep involving 105 arrests, all African Americans. Although no drugs were found on her at the time of her arrest, others arrested in the conspiracy testified against her in a plea bargain for reduced sentences. , she has been incarcerated for 14 years and has no possibility of parole. Jones is incarcerated at the FMC Carswell in Texas. The United States Sentencing Commission later said the guidelines used to convict Jones were flawed. Her case is one of the most publicized examples of the consequences of mandatory sentencing guidelines for non-violent offenders. Critics argue that some previously convicted murderers get lower sentences than Jones. There are petitions on her behalf at change.org and at iamsharandajones.org. Her case is featured in the documentary film "The War on Drugs" by Parallel Universe.

</doc>
<doc id="9632280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632280" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 484">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 484

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 484 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632283" title="The Miracle Rider">
The Miracle Rider

The Miracle Rider is a 1935 Mascot movie serial directed by B. Reeves Eason and Armand Schaefer. The serial stars Tom Mix.
Plot outline.
Zaroff (Charles Middleton), a rancher and oil company owner, wants to drive the Ravenhead Indians off their reservation so that he can mine the rare element X-94, a super explosive, found there and sell it to the highest bidder. Texas Ranger Tom Morgan tries to stop him and save the tribe.
Production.
This was Tom Mix's last film and his only sound serial. Tom Mix was still an A-list star in 1935, alongside Charles Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, Sr. and Mary Pickford. He was paid $40,000 for four weeks work on "The Miracle Rider", which he used as urgent funding to support his circus.
The serial combined the large cast and interlocking plots of a silent serial with the science fiction and cliffhangers of the sound era.
Stunts.
Tom Mix, whose voice was strained and nasal due to a repeatedly broken nose and a bullet through his throat, did a lot of his own stunts, although some were doubled by Cliff Lyons.
Chapter titles.
Source:
This was Mascot's only 15-chapter serial.
"Zaroff" is obviously inspired by Basil Zaharoff, a notorious early twentieth-century arms merchant, often cited as one of the so-called "merchants of death", who supposedly helped bring on World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="9632290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632290" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 485">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 485

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 485 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632292" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 486">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 486

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 486 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632293" title="Terrebonne High School">
Terrebonne High School

Terrebonne High School is a high school in Houma, Louisiana, United States.
It is a part of the Terrebonne Parish School District.
History.
On July 7, 1908, it was announced that bids would be taken for the new building. The first building constructed as a high school in Terrebonne Parish was completed in 1909. Built to accommodate up to 400 students, it was located on the corner of Goode and Point Streets behind the St. Francis de Sales church. 
When Mr. W.P. Tucker died in 1909, Mr. Foote succeeded him and became the first professionally trained educator to serve as superintendent. The second principal of THS, Mr. A.E. Phillips, served from 1910 to 1914. The 1910 census noted that he had been previously employed in the sewing machine business.
With a larger school capable of handling more students, Foote began work on consolidating the school system in 1910. Rather than have many small schools scattered around the parish, students would be given the opportunity to travel to Houma to attend school. Obviously, transportation was an issue. To help foster attendance from outside the city, boats (known as transfers) were used to shuttle students to and from school.
In 1911, several new endeavors began at THS. In that year, the commercial (business) classes began as did the tennis club. At the end of the school year, the juniors began holding an annual event in which they bid farewell to the seniors. 
Even in its early days, there were student organizations. The 4H club began a group at THS in 1914. Other clubs of the day included the Glee Club, the Reporter’s Club and two literary societies (Washington Irving and Alpha Beta Gamma).
One of the earliest sports at THS was American football. The organization of the program in those days was very casual. For example, the coach for the 1914 team was the quarterback Allen LeCompte. The earliest surviving yearbook (1915) reveals that males played football, basketball, baseball, track and had a tennis club. Girls played baseball and basketball as well. Most sports were made up of class teams that played against each other in school. While there were in-school football games, the football team did play other schools. Their 1914 record was 2-2-1. The girls’ basketball team also played several games against other teams.
At that time, the high school consisted of eighth through twelfth grades. For the 1914-1915 school year, 53.8% of students passed all subjects. 59% of the student body was female and they were scoring better grades than the males (85.1% to 79.8%). The average age of both boys and girls in high school was 17. Attendance at high school was 94%. The common punishment for talking and other offenses was to stay 45 minutes after dismissal (for girls) or to walk “tours” around the block a number of times (for boys). In the spring, there was an annual rally in which students from around the parish met at THS for academic and athletic competition. 
A large clock was purchased with the funds raised by the 1914 senior play and placed in the hallway. Statues of Washington, Lee, Franklin and Longfellow were placed in the library in 1915. Two large pictures on the “Evolution of the Book” were placed in the hallway. Though the Ladies’ Auxiliary bought many books for the library, the senior play “Puss in Boots” also contributed money for books after the funds were used to pay for the Panorama. 
In 1914, Mr. Henry L. Bourgeois, who had been the principal of the Romesville High School, became superintendent. Foote moved to a new job and eventually ended up in Baton Rouge as the supervisor for rural schools statewide. Bourgeois continued Foote’s efforts to consolidate the schools. The number of boat transfers increased, and they were joined by buses in the early 1930s. 
The yearbook, previously published only in 1908, resumed publication in 1913. It was also produced in 1914, 1915 and 1916. The next yearbook was not published until 1938. The 1913 yearbook contained the THS "alma mater", pledging allegiance to a flag of crimson and gold.
When Mr. Phillips left to become Superintendent of Schools in Arkadelphia, Arkansas, in 1914, Mr. O. H. Briedenbach (then principal of Bunkie High School) became principal of THS. The student population was 950, 110 of whom were in the high school department. Though called Terrebonne High School, students from primary grades through seniors attended classes in the building.
During Briedenbach's tenure as principal (1914-1918), it became apparent that the student body was outgrowing the relatively new building. Plans were made for a new school to be located on the block behind the courthouse. The old rooster firehouse and the old school building on the block were torn down at that time. A contract for a new school building was signed on April 3, 1918. 
In those days, students had to pass an entrance exam to enter college. The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools established an accreditation program whereby accredited school graduates did not have to take the exam. In 1914, Terrebonne High became the second high school in the state (after Saline High School in 1905) to receive accreditation. Two other schools were accredited in 1914.
Today, Terrebonne High houses grades 10-12 with some freshmen on campus. Most freshmen attend Houma Junior High School. It is the second oldest accredited high school in Louisiana. Terrebonne High School has occupied four different buildings: the old Houma Fireman's Hall, the Houma Elementary Building on Goode and Point Streets, the Houma Junior High building on the site on the original Fireman's building or "rooster school" which is the present location of the courthouse annex, and the present Terrebonne High School building on West Main Street in Houma.
Terrebonne High principals.
Mr. John M. Foote (1908-1910) <br>
Mr. A.E. Phillips (1910-1914) <br>
Mr. O.H. Briendenbach (1914-1918) <br>
Mr. P.G. Rogers (1918-1921) <br>
Mr. M.S. Robertson (1921-1922) <br>
Mr. E.L. Talbot (1922-1940) <br>
Mr. Charles A. LeBlanc (1940-1955) <br> 
Mr. Louis D. Rogers (1955-1968) <br>
Mr. Warren G. Sevin (1968-1982) <br>
Mr. John Wayne Chaisson (1982-1988) <br>
Mr. Ulyse J. Louviere (1988-1995) <br>
Mr. David C. Bourg (1995-2003) <br>
Mr. Graham Douglas (2003–2013)<br>
Mr. Julio Contreras (2013-present)
School dress code.
The school requires its students to wear school uniforms. All students are encouraged to "Dress for Success." All students attending Terrebonne Parish Schools are required to adhere to the Board’s mandatory uniform policy. New students to the parish will be given two weeks from the date of enrollment to obtain the required uniform. 
Uniforms shall be worn as follows: 
The school's designated alternative shirt color is "crimson". (the page adds "not Red".) 
School songs.
Modern Alma mater.
The words for the Alma mater were put to a tune arranged by Hal M. Gilder in 1943, but only the first verse is used today.
Original Alma mater written in 1943.
It is known that the Terrebonne High School Alma mater dates back to at least 1913. After a period of approximately twenty-five years when it wasn't sung, the class of 1943 was vital in restoring the Alma Mater to its rightful place in the school. At that time only the words were available. Since the music was lost, Hal M. Gilder, the music teacher, wrote the present arrangement of this song with the assistance of the Honorable J. Louis Watkins, a student in 1913 who remembered the original melody. 
Fight song.
When the fight song is sung, the ellipse on line 7 is replace with the mascot of the opposing team. Also, football on line 4 can be replaced with the appropriate sport.

</doc>
<doc id="9632302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632302" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 487">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 487

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 487 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632310" title="Intuit Interchange Format">
Intuit Interchange Format

The IIF file format, Intuit Interchange Format is a proprietary text file used by Intuit's Quickbooks software for importing and exporting lists and transactions. 
As of 2004 QuickBooks can also import data using the XML-based qbXML file exchange format.

</doc>
<doc id="9632313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632313" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 488">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 488

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 488 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632317" title="Galeria Kazimierz">
Galeria Kazimierz

Galeria Kazimierz is a large shopping center located in the Grzegórzki borough of Kraków. The name derives from the neighbouring district of Kazimierz. Phase 1 opened in 2004. The mall has around 38,150 m2 of floor space, complete with a wide variety of eateries and large shops such as Zara, Puma, Quiksilver, H&M and Alma Market. In all there is more than 130 retail units present within the mall along with a ten screen cinema. In 2007 construction began on a 6 storey office space which is part of the shopping mall. 

</doc>
<doc id="9632318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632318" title="Una Atrevida aventurita">
Una Atrevida aventurita

Una Atrevida aventurita is a 1948 Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and written by Julio Porter.

</doc>
<doc id="9632326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632326" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 489">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 489

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 489 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632329" title="Criollo tobacco">
Criollo tobacco

Criollo is a type of tobacco, primarily used in the making of cigars. It was, by most accounts, one of the original Cuban tobaccos that emerged around the time of Columbus. The term means "native seed", and thus a tobacco variety using the term, such as "Dominican Criollo", may or may not have anything to do with the original Cuban seed nor the recent hybrid, Criollo '98.
Uses.
Originally, Criollo had multiple uses in the construction of the Cuban cigar. After the development of Corojo, Criollo was increasingly relegated to use as filler, and the Corojo, which was better suited for use as a wrapper, replaced it.
It was then discovered that when Criollo is grown under cover, as opposed to growing it in the sun as was traditionally done, it can make a very suitable wrapper leaf, given the proper care and conditions. Some of the first Criollo seed grown for wrapper was grown in the Jalapa Valley of Nicaragua, and was introduced to the non-Cuban market in 2001 as the wrapper for the "Cupido Criollo" brand.
The hybrid variety, Criollo 98, is Blue Mold resistant, and was developed in Cuba to replace the earlier Corojo hybrid, Habana 2000, which was losing favor due to its increasingly apparent short-comings.
References.
The basis for summary article is Bernardo, Mark. A Tale of Two Seeds, "Smoke Magazine", part 2, Spring, 2004 issue (vol. 9, issue 2).

</doc>
<doc id="9632342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632342" title="Jessica Wesson">
Jessica Wesson

Jessica Wesson (born January 1, 1982) is an American actress. She is best known for her recurring role as Jennifer Sudarsky, Brad's (Zachery Ty Bryan) first girlfriend on the sitcom "Home Improvement", and having supporting roles in the Universal films "Casper" and "Flipper" in the 1990s.
In 1993 and 1997, she was nominated for a Young Artist Award for "Home Improvement" and "Flipper". She also co-starred in the film "Milk Money" (1994).
Wesson also guest starred in the television series "Baywatch", "Boy Meets World" and "Odd Man Out". In 2001, she had a recurring role as Katie Albright on "Judging Amy". Her last acting credit was a role in the 2001 film "Longshot".

</doc>
<doc id="9632350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632350" title="Former Australian dialling codes">
Former Australian dialling codes

Country Code: +61<br>
'"International Call Prefix: 0011
"'<br>
Trunk Prefix: 0
Introduction of Area Codes (pre-1990s).
The introduction of subscriber trunk dialling was slow, partly because of the distances of exchanges in some areas and partly due to the use of manual exchanges well into the 1980s. Initially, area codes covered a very small area, sometimes only one exchange, but gradually exchanges conglomerated to become area codes. Length of codes vary, from two digits in large centres like Sydney to over five digits in smaller areas.
The digit following the leading zero was chosen to represent a rough geographic area, with following numbers 
"*" Until 1994, these territories were not part of the Australian numbering plan, and instead used the code 672, for the Australian External Territories of Norfolk Island and the Australian Antarctic Territory. Numbers in use before 1994 are now in the number ranges of 08 9162 for Christmas Island and 08 9164 for the Cocos Keeling Islands, but other ranges are now used on the islands (at least in theory).
By 1994, there were 6 area codes of two digits covering Sydney (02), Melbourne (03), Canberra (06), Brisbane (07), Adelaide (08) and Perth (09), 48 area codes of three digits, from (002) covering Hobart to (099) covering mid-west Western Australia, and one area code of four digits, Kangaroo Island (0848), which was not incorporated into a larger area code before 1994.
To dial these numbers from overseas, one omitted the leading zero. In the case of numbers in the 00 range, only the first zero was omitted: Hobart was +61 02 xxx xxx - this was a potential cause of confusion with the Sydney area code, even with a differing number length. The 007 range was used for satellite phones and "0G" mobile phones. Even as late as 2005 there was confusion: the prefixes +61 78 and +61 79 were listed as a "mobile phone number" on some call rates, even though the prefix was +61 07x and had not been used for over a decade.
Renumbering (1994-1998).
In Australia, as in other countries, due to the increase in subscriber uptake of services such as extra telephone lines in homes, mobile phones and other services, the previous numbering plan was being stretched to its limit. It was decided to reduce the number of area codes and lengthen all subscriber numbers by one or two digits. This occurred between 1994 and 1998, and was done progressively to ensure as little inconvenience and confusion as possible. The gradual change was also to avoid number clashes, a situation where two subscribers in two completely different locations have technically the same telephone number if dialled in their entirety.
In almost all cases, the former area code was incorporated into the new subscriber number: Canberra numbers went from (06) 2xx xxx to (02) 62xx xxxx, numbers in the Northern Territory went from (089) xxx xxx to (08) 89xx xxxx, and so on. The four major exceptions were the two cities of Sydney and Melbourne, which added a 9 to the beginning of subscriber numbers; Tasmania, which became part of the (03) 6xxx xxxx range; and Queensland, which spread its area codes across a wide number range so that (07) 3... covers Brisbane, (07) 5... covers the surrounds including Esk and the Gold and Sunshine coasts, and (07) 4... covers the rest of the state.
During the period of changeover, Australians were often told they were required to dial the entire telephone number they were calling, including the area code, even though the number may have been within the same area code. For example, a caller in Sydney with the number (02) 9xxx xxxx would need to dial (02) 49xx xxxx to call a number in Newcastle, despite the area code being the same. This was in order to avoid possible number clashes. Although this practice officially ceased on 1 March 1999, many still believe they are required to dial an area code outside their own telephone book area, but this is not the case.
Former Area Codes and Systems of Change.
Note: the number ranges given below do not include all current numbers in a given area. See the Australian telephone numbering plan for more information.
Minor Changes.
Kangaroo Island was the only area in Australia that wasn't integrated into a larger area code before the change to eight-digit phone numbering, and had the only four-digit area code, (0848). The Kangaroo Island area was incorporated into the (08) 855x xxxx number range with a significant change to subscriber numbers (for example (0848) 21 000 became (08) 8553 0000).
In order to prevent incorrect connections during the changeover period, a number which would otherwise have the first digits of its old form the same as the first digits of its new form had to be changed. For example, (043) 432 123 may be confused with (02) 4321 2345 (which would be used for (043) 212 345) during the change. To prevent this, before the change to eight digits, the local number was changed, so that, in the example, (043) 432 123 would become (043) 442 123, and then (02) 4344 2123. A list of all numbers changed in this way is shown in the table below.
See also.
Telephone numbers in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="9632361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632361" title="Still Shinin'">
Still Shinin'

"Still Shinin'" was a promotional single by Mobb Deep. It was later featured on the group's third album "Hell on Earth". 
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="9632363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632363" title="David Pines">
David Pines

David Pines (born June 8, 1924) is the Founding Director of the Institute for Complex Adaptive Matter (ICAM) and the International Institute for Complex Adaptive Matter (I2CAM) (respectively, US wide and international institutions dedicated to research in and the understanding of emergent phenomena), Distinguished Professor of Physics, UC Davis, Research Professor of Physics and Professor Emeritus of Physics and Electrical and Computer Engineering in the Center for Advanced Study, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and a staff member in the office of the Materials, Physics, and Applications Division at Los Alamos.
His seminal contributions to the theory of many-body systems and to theoretical astrophysics have been recognized by two Guggenheim Fellowships, the Feenberg Medal, Friemann, Dirac, and Drucker Prizes, and by his election to the National Academy of Sciences, American Philosophical Society, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, Russian Academy of Sciences, and Hungarian Academy of Sciences and Visiting Professorships at Caltech, College de France, Trinity College, University of Cambridge, University of Leiden, and Universite de Paris.
He is the Founding Director of the Center for Advanced Study, UIUC (1968–70), was Vice-President of the Aspen Center for Physics from 1968–1972, founder and Co-chair of the US-USSR Cooperative Program in Physics, 1968–89; and a Co-founder, Vice-President, Chair of the Board of Trustees, and Co-Chair of the Science Board the Santa Fe Institute, from 1982 to 1996.
He has been the organizer or co-organizer of fifteen workshops and two summer schools of theoretical physics, is currently an Honorary Trustee and Honorary Member of the Aspen Center for Physics, and a member of the Board of Overseers, Sabanci University, Istanbul.
Research interests.
His current research concerns the search for the organizing principles responsible for emergent behavior in materials where unexpectedly new classes of behavior emerge in response to the strong and competing interactions among their elementary constituents. Some recent research results on correlated electron materials are the development of a consistent phenomenological description of protected magnetic behavior in the pseudogap state of underdoped cuprate superconductors and the discovery of the protected emergence of itinerancy in the Kondo lattice in heavy electron materials and its description using a two-fluid model. He continues his interest in the superfluidity of neutron stars revealed by pulsar glitches and in elementary excitations in the helium liquids.
Recent Scientific Articles.
Protected Behavior in the Pseudogap State of Underdoped Cuprate Superconductors (with V. Barzykin), Phys.Rev.Lett, in the press and condmat 0601396, 2006
Complex Adaptive Matter: Emergent Phenomena in Materials (with D.L. Cox), MRS Bulletin 30, 425-429, 2005
Scaling and the Magnetic Origin of Emergent Behavior in Correlated Electron Superconductors (with N. Curro and Z. Fisk), MRS Bulletin 30, pp442–446, 2005
The Pseudogap: Friend or Foe of High Temperature Superconductivity (with M. Norman and C. Kallin), Adv. Phys. 54, 715, 2005.
Scaling in the Emergent Behavior of Heavy Electron Materials, (with N. Curro, B-L. Young, and J. Schmalian) Phys. Rev.B. 70, 235117 (2004)
Two Fluid Description of the Kondo Lattice (with S. Nakatsuji and Z. Fisk), Phys Rev. Lett. 92,016401, 2004
Low Frequency Spin Dynamics in the CeMIn5 Materials (with N. Curro et al.), Phys, Rev. Lett.90, 227202, 2003
A Spin Fluctuation Model for d-wave Superconductors (with A. Chubukov and j. Schmalian), in “The Physics of Conventional and Unconventional
Superconductors”, ed. K.H. Benneman and J. B. Ketterson, Springer Pub, 2003 (cond-mat/0201140)
The Quantum Criticality Conundrum (with R.B. Laughlin, G. Lonzarich, and P. Monthoux), Advances in Physics 50, 361-365, 2001
The Middle Way (with R. B.Laughlin, B.Stojkovic, J. Schmalian, P.Wolynes), PNAS 97,32-37, 2000
The Theory of Everything (with R. B. Laughlin), PNAS 97, 27-32 (2000)
Career history.
A.B. University of California, Berkeley 1944
M.A. Princeton University 1948
Ph.D. Princeton University 1950
Instructor, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia 1950-52
Res. Asst. Professor, University of Illinois at U-C 1952-55
Assistant Professor, Princeton University 1955-58
Member, Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton 1958-59
Professor of Physics & Electrical Engineering, UIUC 1959-1995
Professeur Associe, Faculte des Sciences, Universite de Paris 1962-63
Founding Director, Center for Advanced Study, UIUC 1967-70
Visiting Professor, NORDITA 1970
Visiting Scientist, Academy of Sciences, USSR 1970 and 1978
Visiting Scientist, Academy of Sciences, PRC 1973
Exchange Professor, Univ. de Paris 1978
Professor, Center for Advanced Study, UIUC 1978-1990
Visiting Scientist, Hungarian Academy of Sciences 1979
Gordon Godfrey Professor (University of New South
Wales) 1985
B. T. Matthias Visiting Scholar (Los Alamos National Lab) 1986
Professor, College de France 1989
Center for Advanced Study Professor of Physics and
Electrical Computer Engineering, UIUC 1990-1995
External Professor, Santa Fe Institute 1989-2002
Robert Maxwell Professor, Santa Fe Institute 1991
S. Ulam Visiting Scholar (Los Alamos National Laboratory) 1996-97
Visiting Professor, Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, 1998
Visiting Fellow-Commoner, Trinity College, University of Cambridge 2000
Honors.
Member, National Academy of Sciences
Member, American Philosophical Society
Fellow, American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Foreign Member, Russian Academy of Sciences
Honorary Member, Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Fellow, American Association for Advancement of Science
Fellow, American Physical Society
Awards.
National Science Foundation Senior Postdoctoral Fellow in Copenhagen and Paris 1957-58
John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Fellow 1962-63 and 1970–71
Lorentz Professor, University of Leiden 1971
Fritz London Memorial Lecturer (Duke Univ.) 1972
Giulio Racah Memorial Lecturer (Hebrew Univ.) 1974
Marchon Lecturer (Univ. of Newcastle upon Tyne) 1976
Sherman Fairchild Distinguished Scholar (Caltech) 1977
Eugene Feenberg Memorial Lecturer (Washington U) 1982
Eastman Kodak - Univ. of Rochester Distinguished Lecturer 1983
Friemann Prize in Condensed Matter Physics 1983
Dirac Medal for the Advancement of Theoretical Physics 1985
Emil Warburg Lecturer (Univ. of Bayreuth) 1985
Eugene Feenberg Medal 1985
Daniel C. Drucker Eminent Faculty Award 1994
John Bardeen Prize for Superconductivity Theory 2009
Significant Publications on Quantum Liquids.
1. A Collective Description of Electron Interactions: III. Coulomb Interactions in a Degenerate Electron Gas (with D. Bohm). Phys. Rev. 92, 609-625 (1953).
2. A Collective Description of Electron Interactions: IV. Electron Interaction in Metals. Phys. Rev. 92, 626-636 (1953).
3. Electron Interaction in Metals. Solid State Physics, eds. F. Seitz and D. Turnbull, Academic, N.Y., 1, 3-51 (1955).
4. The Correlation Energy of a Free Electron Gas (with P. Nozières). Phys. Rev. 111, 442-454 (1958).
5. Collective Energy Losses in Solids. Rev. Mod. Phys. 28, 184-199 (1956).
6. The Motion of Slow Electrons in Polar Crystals (with T. D. Lee and F. Low). Phys. Rev. 90, 297-302 (1953).
7. Electron-Phonon Interaction in Metals (with J. Bardeen). Phys. Rev. 99, 1140-1150 (1955).
8. Nuclear Superconductivity, Proc. of the Rehovoth Conf. on Nuclear Structure, Interscience Press, 26-27 (1957).
9. Possible Analogy Between the Excitation Spectra of Nuclei and Those of the Superconducting Metallic State (with A. Bohr and B. Mottelson). Phys. Rev. 110, 936-938 (1958).
10. Ground-State Energy and Excitation Spectrum of a System of Interacting Bosons (with N. Hugenholtz). Phys. Rev. 116, 489-506 (1959)
11. Effective Interaction of He3 Atoms in Dilute Solutions of He3 in He4 at Low Temperatures (with J. Bardeen and G. Baym). Phys. Rev. 156, 207-221 (1967).
12. Zero Sound in Liquid 4He and 3He, Quantum Fluids, Proc. of the Sussex University Symp., 16–20 August 1965, ed. D. F. Brewer, North-Holland Pub. Co., Amsterdam), pp. 257–277 (1966).
13. Polarization Potentials and Elementary Excitations in He II at Low Temperatures (with C. H. Aldrich III). J. Low Temp. Phys. 25, 677-690 (1976).
14. Polarization Potentials and Elementary Excitations in Liquid 3He (with C. H. Aldrich III). J. Low Temp. Phys. 32, 689-715 (1978).
15. Roton Liquid Theory (with K. Bedell and I. Fomin). J. Low Temp. Phys. 48, 417-433 (1982).
16. Pseudopotential Theory of Interacting Roton Pairs in Superfluid 4He (with K. Bedell and A. Zawadowski). Phys. Rev. B 29, 102-122 (1984).
17. Superfluidity in Neutron Stars (with G. Baym and C. Pethick). Nature 224, 673-674 (1969).
18. Inside Neutron Stars, Proc. of 12th Int. Conf. on Low Temperature Physics, ed. Eizo Kanda, Academic Press of Japan, pp. 7–21 (1971).
19. Superfluidity in Neutron Stars (with M. A. Alpar). Nature 316, 27-32 (1985).
20. Quasiparticle Interactions in Neutron Matter for Applications in Neutron Stars (with J. Wambach and T. L. Ainsworth). Nucl. Phys. A555, 128-150 (1993).
21. Phenomenological Model of Nuclear Relaxation in the Normal State of YBa2Cu3O7 (with A. Millis and H. Monien). Phys. Rev. B 42, 167-177 (1990).
22. Toward a Theory of High Temperature Superconductivity in the Antiferro-magnetically Correlated Cuprate Oxides (with P. Monthoux and A. Balatsky). Phys. Rev. Lett. 67, 3448-3451 (1991).
23. Spin-fluctuation-induced Superconductivity in the Copper Oxides: A Strong Coupling Calculation (with P. Monthoux). Phys. Rev. Lett. 69, 961-964 (1992).
24. Nearly Antiferromagnetic Fermi Liquids are High Temperature Supercon-ductors: Are the Superconducting Cuprates Nearly Antiferromagnetic Liquids? J. Chem. Phys. Solids 54, 1447-1455 (1993).
25. Complex Adaptive Matter: Emergent Phenomena in Materials (with D.L. Cox), MRS Bulletin 30, 425-429, 2005
26. Scaling in the Emergent Behavior of Heavy Electron Materials (with N. Curro, B-L. Young, and J. Schmalian, Phys.Rev.B.70,235117 (2004)
27. Protected Behavior in the Pseudogap State of Underdoped Cuprate Superconductors (with V. Barzykin), Phys.Rev. Lett., in the press and condmat 0601396, 2006.
Books.
1. The Many-Body Problem. (W. A. Benjamin: N.Y) 456 pp. (1961) (Russian translation, State Publishing House, Moscow, 1963).
2. Elementary Excitations in Solids. (W. A. Benjamin: N. Y.) 312 pp. (1963) (Russian translation, State Publishing House, Moscow, 1965). Japanese translation (Syokabo Press, Tokyo, 1974).
3. The Theory of Quantum Liquids, Vol. I Normal Fermi Liquids. W. A. Benjamin: NY, 1, 355 pp. (1966). (Russian Translation, Publishing House MIR, Moscow, 1968).
4. The Theory of Quantum Liquids Vol. II: Superfluid Bose Liquids (with P. Nozières), Addison-Wesley, 180pp (1990).
Educational and Public Service.
Co-Founder of the Center for Advanced Study, UIUC, 1967; the Aspen Center for Physics, 1967–69; the US-USSR Cooperative Program in Physics, 1968; the Santa Fe Institute, 1982–84; and the Institute for Complex Adaptive Matter, 1998-1999.
Organizer or co-organizer of fifteen workshops and two summer schools of theoretical physics
Aspen Center for Physics: Vice-President, 1968–72;
Board of Trustees 1968-80; Honorary Trustee, 1980-; Member, 1980-
Santa Fe Institute: Co-Founder, 1984; Vice-President,
1984-86; Board of Trustees, 1984–2002; Chair, Board of Trustees, 1986–87; Founding Co-Chair, Science Board, 1987–96; Member, Science Board, 1987–1999; 2001-; External Faculty 1995-
Institute for Complex Adaptive Matter: Founding Director and Member of Board of Trustees (now Board of Governors) and Science Steering Committee, 1999–present
National Academy of Sciences; Chair, Panel on Condensed Matter Physics, 1994–98
National Academy of Sciences/National Research Council:
Physics Survey Committee, 1965–66;
Board on International Scientific Exchange, Founder and Chair, 1973–1977
US/USSR Workshops in Condensed Matter Theory, Founder and Co-Chair, 1968; 1970; 1974; 1978; 1988
US/USSR Commission on Cooperation in Physics, Founder and Co-Chair, 1975–80
American Academy of Arts and Sciences: Chair, Physics Section and Class Membership Committee, 1996–99
Los Alamos National Laboratory:
T Division Advisory Committee: Member 1975-82; Chair, 1977–1982
Institute for Defense Analyses, Mentor, Defense Sciences Study Group, 1985–2000

</doc>
<doc id="9632377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632377" title="Leigh Ann Orsi">
Leigh Ann Orsi

Leigh Ann Orsi (born May 15, 1981 in California) is an American dancer and former actress.
She is best known for playing Brad's (Zachary Ty Bryan) second girlfriend, Ashley, on the sitcom "Home Improvement". Also featured as Hannah in the 1994 film, "The Favor" starring Brad Pitt. She also appeared for one season on the drama "Life Goes On", as Zoe, Becka (Kellie Martin) and Corky's (Chris Burke) cousin. Her last acting credit was the 1994 film "Pet Shop". Her younger sister Ginger Orsi is also a former actress.
Orsi is now an avant-garde pole dancer and is the owner of "Be Spun", a pole dancing gym in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9632379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632379" title="The Fighting Marines">
The Fighting Marines

The Fighting Marines (1935) is a Mascot movie serial. It was the last serial ever produced by Mascot. The studio was bought out and merged with others to become Republic Pictures. This new company went on to become the most famous of the serial producing studios, starting with "Darkest Africa" in 1936.
Future Republic Producer Franklin Adreon first became involved with serials with this production. The former regular Marine then a Marine Corps Reserve officer was a technical consultant and played the small role of Captain Holmes in the later chapters.
Plot.
When the United States Marine Corps starts building a landing strip on "Halfway Island" in the Pacific Ocean, they interfere with the secret hideout of the masked mystery villain, The Tiger Shark, who begins to sabotage their efforts. Sergeant Schiller is abducted by the villain after developing a gyrocompass that could pinpoint his location. Corporal Lawrence and Sergeant McGowan attempt to rescue him and stop the Tiger Shark for good.
Chapter titles.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9632392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632392" title="List of U-boat flotillas">
List of U-boat flotillas

List of U-boat flotillas contains lists of the German U-boat flotillas in the two World Wars. The bases shown here are the ones at which the flotillas spent most of their career.
World War I.
This list contains the German U-boats flotillas during the First World War.
World War II.
This list contains the German U-boats flotillas during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="9632395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632395" title="Tavoliere delle Puglie">
Tavoliere delle Puglie

The Tavoliere delle Puglie (Italian: "Table of Apulias") is a plain in northern Apulia, southern Italy, occupying nearly a half of the Capitanata traditional region. It covers a surface of c. 3,000 km², once constituting a sea bottom: it is bounded by the Daunian Pre-Apennines on the West, the Gargano Promontory and the Adriatic Sea on the East, and by the Fortore and Ofanto rivers on the south. It is the Italian largest plain after the Pianura Padana.
The name "Tavoliere" derives from the Latin term "Tabulae censuariae", tables on which the Romans classified the areas devoted to sheep farming or agriculture.
In winter the plain is sometimes subject to floods by the Ofanto and the Fortore, while in summer drought is frequent.
The main centres, from north to south, are San Severo, Lucera, Foggia and Cerignola.
History.
During the Middle Ages the old practices of agriculture and fluvial regulation were lost, the plain being mostly devoted to sheep farming which, using apposite cattle-tracks, reached the Apennines' pasture lands through the Tavoliere. The lands was most marshy and unhealthy.
After extensive works of drainage, the plain is now highly cultivated. Crops include wheat, beet, tomato, especially in the area of Foggia, while also spread are cultivations of olives and grapes, which produce quality oils and wines.
Communes.
The "comuni" in the Tavoliere delle Puglie are:
Ascoli Satriano, Alberona, Apricena Biccari; Bovino, Candela, Carapelle, Casalvecchio di Puglia, Castelluccio dei Sauri, Castelnuovo della Daunia, Cerignola, Chieuti, Deliceto, Foggia, Lucera, Manfredonia, Margherita di Savoia, Ordona ("Herdonia"[http://www.arcadria.eu/immagini/foto/Adriatica/pannelli/ORDONA.jpg]), Orta Nova, Poggio Imperiale, San Ferdinando di Puglia, San Paolo di Civitate, San Severo, Serracapriola, Stornara, Stornarella, Torremaggiore, Trinitapoli, Troia, Volturino, Zapponeta.

</doc>
<doc id="9632415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632415" title="Palo Verde, Arizona">
Palo Verde, Arizona

Palo Verde is a small unincorporated community in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is located about 40 miles west of Phoenix, and 6 miles southwest of downtown Buckeye.
Despite sharing a name, the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station is actually located in nearby Wintersburg.
Palo Verde exists as a county island within the planning boundary of Buckeye. This precludes any possibility of incorporation for the community, but annexation into Buckeye is a possibility.

</doc>
<doc id="9632426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632426" title="Las Aventuras de Jack">
Las Aventuras de Jack

Las Aventuras de Jack is a 1949 Argentine film directed and written by Carlos F. Borcosque with Alphonse Daudet. The music was composed by Alejandro Gutiérrez del Barrio

</doc>
<doc id="9632440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632440" title="Kings High School (Kings Mills, Ohio)">
Kings High School (Kings Mills, Ohio)

Kings High School is a public high school in the unincorporated village of Kings Mills, Ohio in Deerfield Township, Warren County. It is the only high school in the Kings Local School District. Kings has been rated excellent for 10 consecutive years under Ohio academic standards. Kings High School underwent a major construction and renovation project in 2009. A wing was added with new lockers, classrooms, and a high-tech upgrade. The school's mission statement is, "Kings Local School District Empowers All Learners to Develop and Maximize Their Capacity For Success." The school's enrollment as of fall 2012 was 1,244 students.
Kings High School offers many extracurricular programs for students including an academic quiz team, art club, choir, color guard and winter guard, community service club, dance team, theatre, marching band, pep band, jazz band, drumline, symphony orchestra, the "Knight Times" newspaper, and yearbook. The Kings music and drama departments offer 13 extracurricular programs, with an additional 19 music clubs and/or activities. Over 90 percent of Kings graduates pursue a post-secondary education.
The school's mascot is the Knights and its athletic teams compete in the Eastern Cincinnati Conference (ECC) as of the 2012-13 season. The Knights had previously been charter members of the Fort Ancient Valley Conference (FAVC), in which they competed from 1965 to 2012.
Ohio High School Athletic Association State Championships.
Division I

</doc>
<doc id="9632441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632441" title="High Speed Strap Attach Machine">
High Speed Strap Attach Machine

The HiSAM acronym for High Speed Strap Attach Machine and is attributable to Alien Technology who created the name given to this specialized type high volume RFID inlay production equipment.
The first machine and supporting equipment were purchased and put in use by Alien Technology in May 2005, at an estimated cost of approximately ~$1.2 million USD .[http://www.secinfo.com/d14D5a.v2dPg.18.htm] This patented equipment is made in Japan and was invented and produced by the process automation
engineering company Hallys Corporation.
HiSAM machines are also known as High Speed Rotary Bonders (HRB) and the terms are used interchangeably. The HiSAM/HRB has many unique proprietary features as they are unlike most other flip chip or pick and place types of equipment currently in used in the industry for this type of inlay production. HiSAM/HRB equipment drastically reduce the production and finished cost per RFID Inlay. A single HiSAM/HRB is capable of continuous operation and extremely high speed of 600 inlays per minute, or approximately 320 million annually. This is just over 4x the speed of any other process currently in place to create RFID inlays.
HiSAM/HRB machines include processes for: IC strap handling, Quality Control culling of bad ICs and finished inlays, sorting and bonding ICs with RF antennae to create finished inlays. A single HiSAM/HRB can take the place of 3-4 other machines. The finished RFID inlays then constitute the core functional heart of an RFID tag or transponder. 

</doc>
<doc id="9632445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632445" title="Diggin' on You">
Diggin' on You

"Diggin' on You" is a song by American R&B female group TLC, taken from their second studio album, "CrazySexyCool" (1994). "Diggin' on You" was written and produced by Babyface. It was chosen to be the fourth and final single from the album and it was released on September 25, 1995. The song peaked at #5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 becoming the group's seventh top 10 single, and fourth from the same album. It also peaked at #7 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Elsewhere, it reached the top-ten in Australia and New Zealand, top-twenty in the United Kingdom, while it reached the top-forty in many other countries. The music video for the song contains "L.A.'s Live Remix" instead of the album version, and was filmed at a concert. The song's instrumental can be heard in the 2006 film, "Dreamgirls". The single earned a Best R&B Song nomination at the 38th Grammy Awards in 1996.
Background and release.
"Diggin' on You" was written and produced by Babyface. It is a smooth, seductive contemporary R&B song, powered by new jack and hip-hop beats. The song released as fourth and final single from "CrazySexyCool", following the big hit "Waterfalls". The CD Single was released on September 25, 1995, and it includes 3 tracks: the album version and the "L.A.'s Live Remix" of "Diggin' on You" and the cover of Tony Rich's hit "Nobody Knows", made as a duet with Rich himself.
Commercial performance.
"Diggin' on You" was chosen to be released as the fourth single of "CrazySexyCool", following the biggest hit of their career, "Waterfalls", which spent 7 weeks at number-one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. The song proved to be a moderate success, even though it was less successful than "Waterfalls". In the United States, "Diggin' on You" was the fourth top-five consecutive single from the group, with all singles being taken from "CrazySexyCool". It peaked at number 5 on the Hot 100 and Top 40 Mainstream charts, number 6 on the Rhythmic Top 40 chart, number 7 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and number 8 on the Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales chart.
In Oceania, the song was a success, reaching the top-ten. In Australia, the song debuted at number 36 on January 21, 1996, while in its fifth week it entered the top-ten at number 9. The song peaked at number 6, on the ARIA Chart week of March 10, 1996. In New Zealand, the song debuted and peaked at number 8, on the New Zealand Singles Chart week of November 26, 1995. Later, it fell to number 9, remaining for two weeks at that position, before climbing to number 8 again, on December 17, 1995.
In Europe, the song reached the top-twenty in some countries and top-forty in others. In the United Kingdom, "Diggin' on You" peaked at number 18, tying up with the position of "Red Light Special", and only staying behind of "Waterfalls". In Ireland, the song peaked at number 21, on November 2, 1995. In Netherlands, the song debuted at number 43, on November 18, 1995, and peaked at number 32, on December 2, 1995.
Music video.
The video uses the L.A. Live Mix and it shows the group performing the song live in concert, with additional backstage footage. Some special effects are used, notably at the beginning when the girls appear on stage.

</doc>
<doc id="9632448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632448" title="Fermi coordinates">
Fermi coordinates

In the mathematical theory of Riemannian geometry, Fermi coordinates are local coordinates that are adapted to a geodesic.
More formally, suppose "M" is an "n"-dimensional Riemannian manifold, formula_1 is a geodesic on formula_2, and formula_3 is a point on formula_1. Then there exists local coordinates formula_5
around formula_3 such that: 
Such coordinates are called Fermi coordinates and are named after the Italian physicist Enrico Fermi. The above properties are only valid on the geodesic. For example, if all Christoffel symbols vanish near formula_3, then the manifold is flat near formula_3.

</doc>
<doc id="9632459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632459" title="Daonella">
Daonella

Daonella is a genus of oyster-like saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks which lived in the middle to late Triassic period. They are related to the genera "Aparimella" and "Halobia". Since they were ubiquitous in the Arctic, Tethys and Panthalassa seas, they are frequently used as index fossils in dating rocks to the Triassic period. However, the systematic classification of the "Daonella" is still an area of ongoing research.

</doc>
<doc id="9632469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632469" title="Szymon Bobrowski">
Szymon Bobrowski

Szymon Bobrowski (born May 16, 1972 in Konin, Poland) is a Polish actor.
Acted in tens of cinema and TV films, as well as theatre plays.

</doc>
<doc id="9632481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632481" title="Electones">
Electones

The Electones are Norwegian Jazz/Electronic/Pop musicians Jens Petter Nilsen and Hallvard Hagen (who together form Xploding Plastix), and vocalist Rita Augestad Knudsen. They have released two EPs on the UK Inertia label.
Bio.
The core of The Electones is Jens Petter Nilsen and Hallvard Wennersberg Hagen. You may know them as Xploding Plastix, but this is something quite different. Following the release of two 12"-ers as The Electones on the UK label Inertia in 2002 and 2003, they received their fair share of nice reviews:
“Steps confidently not to mention beautifully between the realms of jazz, electronica, classical and acoustic folk. Class!”
The Electones was originally a collaboration between Jens Petter, Hallvard and singer Rita Augestad Knudsen, but the album has evolved into a collaborational effort, adding the voices of Kaja Haven, Endre Bjotveit and Erland Dahlen, the latter also on drums, percussion & saw, plus Bjørn Charlie Dreyer and Lars Fredrik Frøislie on various instruments.
The result is the stunning debut album "If You'll Be Null, I'll Be Void", which can be described as a mixture of 60-ish folk, early electronica and a dose of Lanois.

</doc>
<doc id="9632488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632488" title="Lebanon High School (Ohio)">
Lebanon High School (Ohio)

Lebanon High School is a public high school in Lebanon, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Lebanon City School District. ITs mascot is the Warrior and the school logo is the profile of an American Indian wearing a full feathered headdress. The primary school colors are maroon and white, although throughout its history secondary colors have included black and maize. The school's principal is Mr. Scott Butler. The high school currently houses approximately 1,650 students and the district's total student population is just over 6,000.
The high school moved into its current building on 1916 Drake Road in 2004. From 1969 until 2004 it was housed in what is now Lebanon Junior High School on 160 Miller Road. Prior to 1969, Lebanon High School called home what is now Berry Intermediate School on Oakwood Street.
The current high school is the first phase of a three-phase building plan. The second and third phases include an auditorium and additional classroom space. The current building has over 2,200 pieces of technology equipment, science labs, a media center room, a writing lab, video distribution center, and band and choral facilities.
Also included at the high school are two collegiate-sized gyms (including a competition gym), health and fitness centers, softball and baseball facilities, a football stadium, and practice facilities for many competitive teams.
Students.
Lebanon High School's student body reflects the demographics of the city of Lebanon -- 95 percent are white, two percent are African-American, one percent are Hispanic, and two percent are multi-tracial.
Academic statistics.
Lebanon students perform well above the state average on the state mandated Ohio Graduation Test. In the most recent year, LHS students passed at a 95 percent rate in Reading, 91 percent in Social Studies, 85 percent rate in Science, 94 percent in Writing and 93 percent in Math.
The mean ACT score at Lebanon High School is 23, with the mean SAT score 1128. Approximately 150 students every year participate in Advanced Placement classes.
Lebanon High School's graduation rates are much higher than the state average. Traditionally, Lebanon graduates approximately 93 percent of its students, with roughly 85 percent going on to a two-year or four-year college, four percent entering the military and approximately 10 percent going into the workforce.
Clubs.
There is an array of clubs offered at Lebanon High School ranging from Anime Club to War Zone. There are opportunities offered to all students at Lebanon. The list of clubs includes:
Athletics.
Lebanon High School currently offers 11 men's sports and 11 women's sports. The athletic program is a member of the Greater Western Ohio Conference (GWOC), which consists of teams in the Greater Dayton area. The Warriors are in the South Division along with Springboro, Miamisburg, Fairborn, West Carrollton and Xenia. From 1997 to 2003, Lebanon participated in the Fort Ancient Valley Conference.
Ohio High School State championships.
Team
Division II
Individual
Division I
Individual Division II
Team Non-OHSAA

</doc>
<doc id="9632507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632507" title="Joseph H. McCartney">
Joseph H. McCartney

Joseph Harold McCartney was born in Santa Cruz, California on December 16, 1943 into a family of poor Irish immigrants. He was the fourth of seven children, all of whom were boys. He grew up working part-time in a vineyard to help pay for his brother's way through college. He did not attend school past grade 10 and planned to pick grapes for the rest of his life.
However, when he started writing poetry at age thirteen, in 1961, published his first collection of poetry, titled "An Ode to Railway Workers", at age eighteen. This publication sold only a few hundred copies; nonetheless, Joseph continued to write. He also started to draw, sometimes of the characters in his poems, and his artwork has come to supersede some of his early poetry. 
Joseph continued to write and draw, publishing "Four Backwards Men in a Coffee Mug" (1968), the epic two-part "Anteater's Paradise" (1976), and the critically acclaimed "The Anatomy of a Wallflower" (1979).
However, after his father's death in 1982, Joseph went into seclusion and ceased from writing or drawing. Despair continued as he was soon diagnosed with Shruff's Disease at forty-two, an incurable nerve disorder that breaks down nerve tissue and sends its victim to an early grave. 
Shaken by this tragic turn of events, Joseph lived out his final years in a state of insomnia and paranoia, and doctors declared him mentally insane two years before he died. Upon his death, Joseph uttered his final remarks: "The world is a bastard."
The McCartney Association for Shruff's Disease Victims (MASDV) was established in 1997 to offer hope for those with the disorder. It is still in operation to this day and has raised $4.4 million for its cause.

</doc>
<doc id="9632531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632531" title="The Alan Thicke Show">
The Alan Thicke Show

The Alan Thicke Show was a Canadian daytime talk show hosted by Alan Thicke. A replacement for "The Alan Hamel Show", which ran from 1976 to 1980, it aired on CTV between 1980 and 1983. During its run, highlights from the weeks interviews were edited together for a weekly prime-time series on CTV which aired under the titles Prime Cuts and Fast Company. Thicke left the series in order to launch a US talk show, "Thicke of the Night", and was replaced by Don Harron, with the show subsequently retitled "The Don Harron Show".

</doc>
<doc id="9632532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632532" title="Edward Sam M'boma">
Edward Sam M'boma

Edwin Sam - M’boma is a Sierra Leonean military commander. He is at the rank of Major General and is also the Chief of the Defence Staff of The Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces. In February 2007, M'boma acted as spokesman for the RSLAF in declaring that no voting booths for the upcoming federal elections will be placed inside the army barracks. Instead, the booths will be placed among other civilians, thus eliminating the chance that military personnel votes can be separated from that of civilians.

</doc>
<doc id="9632534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632534" title="N.U. Unruh">
N.U. Unruh

N. U. Unruh (born "Andrew Chudy" on June 9, 1957 in New York, U.S.) is a German musician, experimental percussionist and instruments inventor, probably best known for his work with German music group Einstürzende Neubauten.
Biography.
In 1980 N. U. Unruh was a co-founder of the famous German band Einstürzende Neubauten, together with his school friend Blixa Bargeld. For over 30 years, both are the long-time band members. N. U. Unruh usually plays on self-constructed percussion and drum instruments.
In year 2000 Unruh released his first and only solo album titled "Euphorie im Zeitalter der digitalen Informationsübertragung" (English: "Euphoria in the era of digital data transfer").
He is also a member of the band Bombus (not be confused with the Swedish band of the same name), which describes itself as "electronic dance music combined with drummers, performers and DJs".
In 2004 Unruh released his "12 Ambiences Airshow" DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="9632540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632540" title="Consejo Estudiantil Universitario">
Consejo Estudiantil Universitario

Consejo Estudiantil Universitario is an organisation providing advice for Mexican university students.

</doc>
<doc id="9632543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632543" title="Liberty, Arizona">
Liberty, Arizona

Liberty is a small unincorporated community in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is located about 30 miles (50 kilometers) west of Phoenix and about 6 miles (10 kilometers) southeast of Buckeye. Liberty is located at the intersection of South Jackrabbit Trail and West Baseline Road. It is located entirely within Block 3017, Block Group 3, Census Tract 506.01, Maricopa County, Arizona, which had a population of 63 at the 2000 census.
Liberty is home to the Liberty Elementary School District headquarters, although the district itself has expanded out to include much of the surrounding areas of Buckeye and Goodyear.
Liberty exists as a county island within the corporate boundaries of Buckeye. This precludes any possibility of incorporation for the community.

</doc>
<doc id="9632563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632563" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 492">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 492

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 492 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632574" title="Polish Figure Skating Championships">
Polish Figure Skating Championships

The Polish Figure Skating Championships () are a figure skating competition held annually to determine the national medalists of Poland. The event has been held annually since 1922. Medals may be awarded in the disciplines of men's singles (since 1922), ladies' singles (since 1930), pair skating (since 1922), ice dancing (since 1956), and synchronized skating. 
Due to the Partitions of Poland between 1772 and 1918, some skaters of Polish origin may have competed in the Austrian, German, or Russian Nationals. In the 2008–09 season, Poland and its two southern neighbors, the Czech Republic and Slovakia, began holding their national championships together, alternating the host each year. The Three Nationals Championships became the Four Nationals Championships when Hungary joined in the 2013–14 season. The results in each discipline are separated according to nationality to form each country's national standings. 

</doc>
<doc id="9632579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632579" title="Brotherhood (3T album)">
Brotherhood (3T album)

Brotherhood is the first studio album by American R&B group 3T.
Album information.
Produced by their uncle Michael Jackson and Kenneth Komisar, the album was released on Jackson's record label "MJJ Music". In 1997, after 3T completed their tour, a Limited European Tour Edition was released that included a remix CD. The album was dedicated to the memory of the band members' mother, Delores "Dee Dee" Jackson (born April 1, 1955 - died August 27, 1994).
Reception.
"Brotherhood" sold three million copies worldwide. The album peaked at #127 on the US Billboard 200, while in the UK it peaked at #11 on the UK Albums Chart. Five singles were released: "Anything", "24/7" ", "Why" (a duet with Michael Jackson), "I Need You" (with Michael Jackson on backing vocals) and "Gotta Be You".

</doc>
<doc id="9632580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632580" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 494">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 494

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 494 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632586" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 495">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 495

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 495 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632595" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 496">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 496

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 496 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632601" title="Shanghai Campaign">
Shanghai Campaign

Shanghai Campaign (國共內戰之上海战役) was a series of battles fought between the nationalists and the communists for the control of the largest city in China in the latter stage of the Chinese Civil War, and resulted in the city being taken over by the attacking communists who enjoyed the numerical superiority.
Prelude.
With six million population, Shanghai was the largest city in China in 1949 and provided around a third of the total GDP of China by that time. Both the communists and the nationalists believed that World War III was a real possibility and this perception influenced the strategic decisions of both sides. The nationalists who defended the city, had hoped that by using the resources of the wealthiest city of China, they would last until World War III when foreign intervention would occur. With foreign intervention, not only they would be able to defend the city, but they could counterattack and take China back from the enemy. If the city could not last until World War III, the nationalist would withdraw via sea and transfer the wealth with them, after destroying the city completely, just like the scorched-earth policy used against the Japanese invaders in many part of the China during World War II. Although the truthfulness of this perception of the nationalists remained in question, the enemy certainly believed that there was a possibility, as many of the nationalist propaganda had claimed, and thus was determined not to let it happen by taking the city as early as possible.
Defending force: the nationalist strategy.
The nationalist commander divided the city into two sectors along the Huangpu River. The western half of the city and the surrounding regions including Taicang, Kunshan, Jiaxing, and Golden Mountain Jinshan, were defended by a total of 20 divisions (including all of the armored force) belonging to the 21st Army, the 51st Army, the 52nd Army, the 54th Army, the 75th Army and the 123rd Army. The 12th Army and the 35th Army totaled five divisions and the naval and air assets were tasked to defend Pudong, with emphasis on regions included Wusong (吴淞), Yuepu (月浦), Yang’s Firm (Yang Hang, 杨行), Liu’s Firm (Liu Hang, 刘行), Greater Field (Da Chang, 大场), Gao’s Firm (Gao Hang, 高行), and High Bridge (Go Qiao, 高桥), in order to secure the escape route via sea. The nationalist force defending the city totaled more than 210,000. The buildings in the city were perfect defending positions which were further boosted by large amount of the concrete bunkers built.
Attacking force: the communist strategy.
The communist 3rd Field Army under the commander-in-chief Chen Yi and deputy commander-in-chief Su Yu was tasked to take the city. The communists massed more than 290,000 troops totaled 10 armies to attack the city, while the communist 2nd Field Army under the commander-in-chief Liu Bocheng and political commissar Deng Xiaoping massed at Jinhua and Dongxiang (东乡) via Zhejiang-Jiangxi railway, in order to prevent any foreign intervention that never came. The primary goal of the communists was to take the city with minimal damage to the city and minimal civilian casualties, so that future reconstruction would be easy by utilizing the existing infrastructure and skilled labor force. To prevent the defenders from transferring large amount of wealth via sea, a pincer movement would be launched from both the east and west, targeting Wusong (吴淞), so that the defenders’ escape route via sea would be cut and the city would be attacked afterward and by isolating the defenders into separate pockets, and then the city would be taken by decimating the isolated defenders.
One prong of the communist pincer movement included the 26th Army, the 28th Army, the 29th Army, the 33rd Army of the communist X Corps and a part of the communist Artillery Column attacking from Changshu and Suzhou toward Kunshan, Taicang, and Jiading, eventually reaching Wusong (吴淞), Baoshan, thus blocking off the defenders’ escape route via sea by cutting off the traffic of Huangpu River. Afterward, this prong of the pincer movement would attack the city from northwest.
The other prong of the communist pincer movement included the 20th Army, the 27th Army, 30th Army, and the 31st Army of the communist IX Corps and a part of communist Artillery Column. Two armies would attack from Nanxun and Wujiang, toward Fengxian, Nanhui, River Sand (Chuan Sha, 川沙) regions near/in Pudong, helping the communist X Corps to blockade the Wusong (吴淞) after approaching High Bridge (Go Qiao, 高桥). Another two armies would group at the regions south of Songjiang and east of Jiaxing, taking Qingpu when the situation permitted, and then attack the city from the east, south and west.
In case of the defenders were successful in transferring materials away from the city, the attackers also prepared large amount of food and coals for the civilian population, and over 5,000 communist civilian cadres were also drafted to take over the administrative functions after the city was taken.
Order of battle.
Defenders: nationalist order of battle:
Attackers: communist order of battle:
First stage.
The campaign begun on May 12, 1949 when the planned assaults on the outer defense perimeters of the city had begun. Two days later, the communist IX Corps succeeded in taking regions included Flat Lake (Ping Hu, 平湖), Golden Mountain Guarrison (Jin Shan Wei, 金山卫), Fengxian, Nanhui, Qingpu, Songjiang, threatened the flank of the defenders at River Sand (Chuan Sha, 川沙). The nationalist 51st Army was forced to be redeployed from the city to strengthen the defense of White Dragon Port (Bailong Gang, 白龙港), Lin’s Family’s Pier (Linjia Matou, 林家码头) and other positions at outer defensive zones. Meanwhile, the communist X Corps succeeded in taking Taicang, Kunshan, Jiading, and Liu River (Liu He, 浏河) regions, and continued their attack on Yuepu (月浦), Yang’s Firm (Yang Hang, 杨行), Liu’s Firm (Liu Han, 刘行) regions. However, from their concrete bunkers and with the help of naval and air support, the defenders held on and when the nationalist 99th Division of the 21st Army was redeployed from the city to Yuepu (月浦), Yang’s Firm (Yang Hang, 杨行), Liu’s Firm (Liu Han, 刘行) regions for reinforcement, the defenders was able to successfully beaten back the attacking enemy.
After the setback, the enemy adjusted their tactic by adopting small formations to take one bunker at a time, and with the rapid utilization of the experienced gained in fighting against the fortified positions consisted of concrete bunkers, the speed of attack was greatly accelerated. By May 19, 1949, the communist X Corps had managed to take Yuepu (月浦) and the International Broadcasting Station, and annihilated the defenders stationed at Liu’s Firm (Liu Xing, 刘行) region. Meanwhile, the communist IX Corps had managed to take Zhoupu (周浦) and River Sand (Chuan Sha, 川沙) region, and completely annihilated the nationalist 51st Army defending the White Dragon Port (Bailong Gang, 白龙港), and isolated the nationalist 12th Army at High Bridge (Go Qiao, 高桥) region, while cutting off the links between the nationalist 37 Army at Pudong with other nationalist units via land.
Second stage.
To secure the escape route via sea, the nationalist 75th Army was redeployed from the city to reinforce High Bridge (Gao Qiao, 高桥) region, but after two armies and a division were withdrawn from the city to reinforce the positions of outer defensive perimeters, there was not enough force within the city to suppress the civilians who vehemently opposed the destruction of the city and organized themselves to protect infrastructure facilities within the city. As a result, the nationalist plan of destroying the city and transferring the wealth was not carried out fully as it had planned. The defenders’ naval assets also faced great difficulties in that it was forced to fight at the enemy’s turf: the inland riverine navigational channels were simply too narrow for the naval vessels to maneuver and they become sitting ducks for the enemy’s long range shore batteries. After many extraordinarily brave but completely futile engagements by the outgunned nationalist naval assets which resulted in seven nationalist naval vessels damaged, it was painfully obvious that the naval asset must withdraw in the hopeless fights. When the nationalist naval fleet was forced to withdraw on May 23, 1949, the enemy’s attempt to cut off the defenders’ maritime escape route succeeded, and the sea to the east of High Bridge (Go Qiao, 高桥) region was blockaded by the enemy.
After ten days of fierce fighting, the defenders suffered more than 20,000 casualties and lost all of the positions in the outer defensive perimeters. However, this might not be a bad thing because the defenders were able to concentrate their force in the city. The attacking enemy was well aware of this situation and adjusted their tactic once again: the 23rd Army of the communist VII Corps and the 25th Army of the communist VIII Corps were assigned to help the communist IX Corps and X Corps to take the city.
Third Stage.
The assault on the city begun at the night of May 23, 1949 when the communist 29th Army took the high ground in the southern suburb under the cover of darkness, while the communist 28th Army penetrated to Wusong (吴淞) region and shelled the pier. On May 24, 1949, the communist 20th Army took Pudong and the communist 27th Army took the train station at Xujiahui and Hongqiao region. The nationalist commander-in-chief, Tang Enbo already boarded naval ships on May 18, 1949, realized the inevitable and in order to strengthen the defense around the pier at Wusong (吴淞), ordered the surviving 6th Division of the nationalist 75th Army at High Bridge (Gao Qiao, 高桥) region to withdraw to Yuepu (月浦), and the nationalist units north of Suzhou Creek to withdraw to Wusong (吴淞), for the preparation to withdraw via sea.
Under the cover of darkness, the communist 23rd Army and the 27th Army penetrated the city from Xujiahui and Longhua Region respectively while the communist 20th Army crossed the Huangpu River at Gaochang Temple (Gaochang Miao, 高昌庙) and by the dawn of May 25, 1949, everything south of the Suzhou Creek was firmly under the communist control. The enemy’s offensive continued during the day with the communist 26th Army took Greater Field (Da Chang, 大场) and Riverine Bay (江湾) regions, and the communist 25th Army and the 29th Army took Wusong (吴淞) and Baoshan, while the communist 28th Army and the 33rd Army took Yang’s Firm (Yang Hang, 杨行). At night, the communist 27th Army, 23rd Army and a portion of the 20th Army crossed the Suzhou Creek under the cover of darkness, and regions north of the creek fell into the attackers’ hands. The deputy commander of the Shanghai defense, the commander of the Shanghai garrison, General Liu Changyi (刘昌义) was forced to surrender.
At the night of May 25, 1949, the communist 31st Army took High Bridge (Go Qiao, 高桥) with the help of the communist 30th Army after fierce battle, and by the noon of May 26, 1949, the last defense in Pudong was wiped out. By May 27, 1949, the city had fallen to the enemy hands. Soon afterward, the communist 25th Army launched its assault on Chongming Island and badly mauled the defending force, and by June 2, 1949, the campaign had ended with the communist victory completed.
Outcome.
The campaign had cost defenders heavily, with the exception of 50,000 defenders included the nationalist commander-in-chief Tang Enbo who managed to escape via sea, the entire 37th Army, the 51st Army and the 5 Traffic Police Divisions were totally annihilated, while the nationalist 12th Army, 21st Army, 52nd Army, 75th Army, and the 123rd Army were badly mauled, and the total nationalist casualties numbered more than 153,000. In addition to the city, more than 1,370 artillery pieces of various caliber, 1,161 automobiles, 11 naval vessels and 119 tanks and armored vehicles were captured by the enemy intact. Although the nationalists attempted to completely destroy the city, the enemy nonetheless managed to taken the city relatively intact due to the local populace’s strong opposition which had prevented the nationalists to carry out the scorch-earth policy as planned.
The nationalists had committed a serious blunder before the campaign had even begun in that due to the political and psychological propaganda reasons, they had refused to evacuate the city, partially to avoid panic. The local populace was not allowed by the defenders to leave the city to surrender to the attacking enemy either and thus when the battle had begun, there were simply not enough transportation assets to evacuate everyone so the stranded populace felt helpless and abandoned. As the nationalists attempted to leave nothing behind for the attacking enemy by trying to transfer the wealth from the city and to destroy the city, such actions enraged the local populace because the very necessities which were essential to the survival of the local populace threatened and had the nationalists plan succeeded as it intended to, the stranded local populace that was already ravaged by the fierce battle would be further left in much greater destitution after the campaign. Like the general populace elsewhere in China, the stranded local populace in Shanghai was already alienated by the mistakes nationalists made earlier, such as corruption, but at least they were not unanimously against the nationalist regime, at least not yet. However, when the nationalist defenders of the city adopted these militarily correct strategies that would cause great harm to the local populace and threaten their very survival, the popular alienation toward the nationalist regime inevitably turned to resentment and the popular support was driven to the enemy side. Although enemy agents certainly played a part in organizing the local populace to protect factories, banks, shops and other infrastructure facilities, which had prevented the nationalists from carrying out the scorch-earth policy as they had planned, these actions were mostly voluntary at the local people’s own wills and it had much more to do with the local populace’s own concern of their survival after the campaign which would depend on these infrastructure, than helping out the attacking communists.
The other nationalist blunder made was more in the military aspect: spending too much resource defending a political symbol instead of utilizing the resources to evacuate the city and transferring the wealth. Much of the nationalist force was spent at Shanghai, leaving other regions vulnerable, and the bulk of the communist VII Corps was able to take the advantage by taking Ningbo and Wenzhou during the campaign. As a result, not only the city was lost to the enemy relatively intact, along with a great portion of its wealth, many other surrounding regions also fell into the enemy hands, many with their wealth and resources.

</doc>
<doc id="9632606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632606" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 497">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 497

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 497 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632620" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 498">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 498

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 498 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632621" title="Harold Tucker">
Harold Tucker

Harold Tucker was Lord Mayor of Manchester, England, from 1984-1985. He was born in Willesden Green, London, and joined the Royal Air Force as a young man. During his year in office, he met Queen Elizabeth several times at Buckingham Palace, flew Concorde and met world leaders. He was the last Conservative Lord Mayor of Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="9632627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632627" title="CyberConnect2">
CyberConnect2

History.
CyberConnect2 was first formed on February 16, 1996 as "CyberConnect" but on September 16, 2001, it was renamed "CyberConnect2". On October 3, 2007, CyberConnect2 changed their logo and decided to expand their production beyond games, beginning with the formation of "Sensible Art Innovation" to create the .hack//G.U. Trilogy, and LieN to compose the music.
Films.
CyberConnect2 also produced two computer animated films for the ".hack" franchise. The first one, ".hack//G.U. Trilogy", is an adaptation of the ".hack//G.U." games and was released in December 2007. The second film is ".hack//The Movie" released on January 21, 2012.
References.
Yuki, Masahiro. "The Official Art of .hack//Roots". (May 2007) "Newtype USA". pp. 101–107.

</doc>
<doc id="9632628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632628" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 499">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 499

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 499 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632641" title="Las Aventuras de Tremendo">
Las Aventuras de Tremendo

Las Aventuras de Tremendo is a 1986 Argentine film directed by Enrique Cahen Salaberry and written by Salvador Valverde Calvo. The cinematography was performed by Leonardo Rodríguez Solís

</doc>
<doc id="9632643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632643" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 500">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 500

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 500 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632657" title="Orlando Sharks">
Orlando Sharks

The Orlando Sharks were a professional American indoor soccer team based in Orlando, Florida, USA. Founded in 2007, the team played in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
The team played its home games at the Amway Arena. The team colors were black, teal, and white. Their head coach was Jake Dancy.

</doc>
<doc id="9632658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632658" title="Stephen Philbrick">
Stephen Philbrick

Stephen Philbrick is an American author, poet, and minister. He is the son of poet Charles Horace Philbrick, the father of author Frank Philbrick, the brother of master furniture maker Timothy Philbrick, the cousin of author Nathaniel Philbrick, and the uncle of artist Clancy Philbrick. He is a linchpin of the Philbrick literary family. Philbrick graduated from Brown University in 1971, The church was rebuilt in the following two years and reopened on November 4, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9632659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632659" title="Dubfire">
Dubfire

Ali Shirazinia, commonly known by his stage name Dubfire, is an Iranian American house and techno DJ and producer. Prior to his solo career, Dubfire was one-half of the four-time nominated and Grammy Award-winning duo Deep Dish. Dubfire's style is noticeably different from that of Deep Dish, consisting of techno instead of progressive house.
Biography.
During his youth he listened to mostly classic Hip-Hop, jazz/rare groove, dub reggae, new wave and industrial and was also influenced by the local punk scene and the music of Washington DC-based bands including Fugazi and Minor Threat. Shirazinia frequented a local record store called Yesterday And Today Records, where he became acquainted with the sounds of artists like Kraftwerk, Ministry, Jesus & Mary Chain, Depeche Mode, Nitzer Ebb, Adrian Sherwood of On-U Sound and Einstürzende Neubauten.
In 1991, Shirazinia and fellow DC resident Sharam Tayebi formed Deep Dish, a DJ and production duo that became notable for their productions and DJ sets. Deep Dish released acclaimed dance classics beginning with the 1995 remix of De'Lacy 'Hideaway,' and went on to work with an eclectic array of names in pop, rock and electronica. Shirazinia and Tayebi established Deep Dish Records, and they went on to win a Grammy in 2002 for their remix of Dido's "Thank You" along with many other high-profile awards. Following their successes as Deep Dish, both Shirazinia and Tayebi began to produce and DJ individually.
Shirazinia used his long-time stage name "Dubfire" for his solo productions. Shirazinia's solo sound differs noticeably from that of Deep Dish, consisting of minimal, techno, and house instead of the predominantly progressive house sound of Deep Dish. His production "I Feel Speed", which is a cover of an obscure Love & Rockets song, features his own vocals. The track symbolically and sonically marked a crossroads in Shirazinia's music career, fusing Deep Dish's vocal-driven progressive house with darker, edgier sounds. Shirazinia also sings in "In Love With a Friend" on Deep Dish's debut album. "I Feel Speed" has appeared in the advertisement of the Volkswagen Eos.
In 2007, Shirazinia announced the launch of his new record label, Science + Technology Digital Audio, also known simply as SCI + TEC. He set the label up as an outlet to release his new music and began quietly unleashing a string of remarkable tracks. 2007's electro-tech track 'Roadkill' edged Dubfire ever closer to a techno sensibility, while the stripped-back 'RibCage' became the first ever release on Loco Dice's heralded Desolat label, becoming an instant classic.
Dubfire followed up with an onslaught of dancefloor-igniting releases, landing on some of electronic music's leading labels. Richie Hawtin, who signed Dubfire's 'Emissions' to his highly respected Minus label, also released Dubfire's rework of 'Spastik' (the classic track that Hawtin produced in 1993 under his Plastikman alias) as an official re-work. Soon thereafter, Sven Vath's Cocoon Records took notice and released some of Dubfire's music, cementing his extraordinary reinvention.
With each release, Dubfire's profile soared higher. Two top 10 tracks in Resident Advisor's 100 Most Charted Records of 2007, IDJ Magazine's Player of the Year in 2008, nominations for Beatport's Best Minimal Artist and Best Techno Artist in 2008 and 2009, covers on countless music magazines, mixes for Mixmag, BBC Radio 1's Essential Mix, and DJ Magazine - the accolades and achievements came thick and fast.
In 2009, Dubfire produced a remix on Danton Eeprom and Radio Slave's 'Grindhouse' which encapsulated everything that Dubfire stands for today: dark rhythms, superior audio, and technological brilliance. It crossed nearly every genre and was the apex of a unique sound that DJ Magazine called "jet-black, polished chrome techno." Groove and Raveline Magazine named it the Best Remix of the Year.
Dubfire's recent work has seen him co-produce tracks with celebrated British electronic music act Underworld, release a two-disc compilation with Loco Dice for Cocoon, additional remixes of Plastikman material, and a collaborative project with respected producer Oliver Huntemann. Throughout his remarkable journey, Dubfire's SCI+TEC label has continued to grow and is now home to a roster of globally based artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9632664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632664" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 501">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 501

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 501 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632670" title="Springboro High School">
Springboro High School

Springboro High School is a secondary school, in Springboro, Ohio with a total of over 1,900 students and 120 teachers. The student population has continued a steady trend of growth of 100 students per school year since the early 2000s. The ratio of males to females is 1:1, and the teacher to student ratio is 1:20.
The Springboro Community City School District serves kids in the City of Springboro, Franklin Township, Clearcreek Township, Wayne Township, and Turtlecreek Township.
Springboro High School is the only public high school in the suburb of Springboro, population 18,500. It is the only high school in the Springboro Community City School District. Springboro High School is academically ranked excellent with distinction, the highest possible rating by the state of Ohio dept. of Education on a yearly basis. SHS was established in 1893.
The current home of SHS was opened in August, 1998 with two new academic wings added on and opened in August, 2006. It is Springboro's third building used as the high school within the past thirty years. The addition was $12 million, while the school was originally built for about $30 million.
Athletics.
Springboro High School's mascot and nickname are the Panthers, while the school colors are white and royal blue. The school's athletic program was a charter member of the Fort Ancient Valley Conference from 1964, when it joined as Clearcreek High School, until 1998. After many years of winning the All-Sports Trophy in the former Mid-Miami League, Springboro left for the more challenging Greater Western Ohio Conference, keeping a heated rivalry with Lebanon High School.
Springboro Community Schools has recently completed a multi-million dollar partnership with Miami Valley Hospital, giving them naming rights to the stadium CareFlight Field, named for the hospital's "CareFlight" helicopter. This deal also provides CareFlight Field with turf surfacing, a new track, and a three story building which will house doctors' offices and athletic facilities, along with an adjoining press box. Completed in the year 2009, the CareFlight Complex is the premier high school athletic facilities of southwest Ohio. 
Along with the football facilities, SHS basketball coach Troy Holtrey raised over $2.36 during the summer of 2006 to build a useless locker room. It comes complete with custom built straw lockers, automatic-retracting Low-Def projector screen with no sound, a floor, carpeting and then got fired for stealing money. It is said to set the standard for semi-high-profile locker rooms for high schools. Holtrey's contract, however, was not renewed by the School Board in 2012. Assistant Coach Jay Byrne was named Interim Coach.

</doc>
<doc id="9632677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632677" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 502">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 502

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 502 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632682" title="Fallbach">
Fallbach

The Fallbach is a creek in Austria. It originates near Gramart area on the "Hungerburg" at above sea level. It runs straight in southern direction to St. Nikolaus where it merges with the Inn River. It has a length of 7 km (4 mi) and lies in full on Innsbruck city area.
The creek possesses A grade quality and provides two constructed reservoirs with drinking water, which is collected and supplies the area around St. Nikolaus and Höhenstraße with water.
It often happens that due to the usages the creek has little water sometimes.

</doc>
<doc id="9632687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632687" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 503">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 503

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 503 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632693" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 504">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 504

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 504 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632706" title="Joel Abraham List">
Joel Abraham List

Joel Abraham List (1780–1848) was one of the seven founding members of the Society for the Culture and Science of the Jews (Verein fuer Cultur und Wissenschaft der Juden); he served as its president from March 1820 to March 1821. He was also the founder and director of a private elementary school for Jews. Other notable members of the Society are Joseph Hilmar, Isaac Levin Auerbach, Isaac Marcus Jost, Leopold Zunz, Eduard Gans, and Moses Moser. They worked for the improvement of the situation of the Jews in the German federated states; the members shared a hostility to rabbinism, or the dominance of talmudic Judaism in Jewish Life.

</doc>
<doc id="9632711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632711" title="Netham Lock">
Netham Lock

Netham lock () is the point at Netham in Bristol at which boats from the River Avon, acting as part of the Kennet and Avon Canal, gain access to Bristol's Floating Harbour.
Construction started in 1804 to build the tidal New Cut and divert the River Avon along the Feeder Canal to the harbour; a system designed and built by William Jessop and later improved by Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
A weir carries the river into the New Cut and boats use the adjacent lock. High tides often pass over the weir, and the river is effectively tidal to the next lock upstream at Hanham. Some spring tides can also pass over the weir at Hanham, making the river tidal as far as Keynsham lock.
Access to the harbour is only possible during the day when the lock keeper will open the gates unless the water level in the river between Netham and Hanham is above or below the level of the harbour.
The maximum dimensions of a vessel which can pass through Netham Lock are:
The lock-keeper's cottage, built in the early nineteenth century, is a grade II listed building and has a plaque listing it as Bristol Docks building number 1. The floral displays around the cottage and on the banking have attracted praise.
Netham Lock and the weir form part of Bristol's flood defence mechanisms and it was announced in December 2008 that they would be upgraded as part of the £11 million City Docks Capital Project.

</doc>
<doc id="9632712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632712" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 505">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 505

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 505 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632720" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 506">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 506

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 506 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632732" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 507">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 507

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 507 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632743" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 508">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 508

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 508 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632751" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 509">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 509

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 509 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632753" title="Charles Duke Yonge">
Charles Duke Yonge

Charles Duke Yonge (; November 30, 1812 – November 30, 1891) was an English historian, classicist and cricketer. He wrote numerous works of modern history, and translated several classical works. His younger brother was Gerald Yonge.
Life.
He was born in Eton, Buckinghamshire. He attended Oxford University, where he played first-class cricket in 1836. Later he was the Regius Professor of Modern History at Queen's College, Belfast. He died in Belfast.

</doc>
<doc id="9632756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632756" title="Murgia">
Murgia

Murgia (plural: Murge) is a sub-region of Apulia (Puglia) in southern Italy, corresponding to a karst topographic plateau of rectangular shape, occupying the central area of the region. The name stems from the Latin "murex", meaning "sharp stone".
Geography.
The Murge plateau covers a surface of c. 4,000 km², bordered by the Ofanto river and the Tavoliere delle Puglie on the north, the Adriatic Sea on the northeast, and by the so-called Messapic depression, which separates it from the Salento peninsula, on the south. It is usually divided into Alta Murgia (High Murgia), the highest area, with poorer vegetation, and Bassa Murgia (Lower Murgia), with more fertile land, prevalently cultivated with olives.
The highest elevation of the plateau is the Monte Caccia, at 679 m. The rocks are mostly composed of Cretacic limestone, so that karst landscapes prevail in the area, with doline fields, some large dolines, sinkholes, and caves. The largest dolines may be found near Altamura, Gravina and Molfetta. Near Castellana there is the most important show cave of Apulia region.
Climate is cold in winter, with average temperatures in the 1-6°C range. In summer, they rise up to 30°C. Rain, differently from the arid Salento nearby, are abundant.
Economy.
Historically, the Murge have been the seat of transhumance practice in animal husbandry, with cattle being moved to Abruzzo in summer, and southwards during winter. Until the 19th century, agriculture was characterized by large latifundia owned by a few landlords, also due to the relative lack of water.
The modern economic activities include also marble quarries, production of olives, vine, almonds, cherries and mulberries. Animal husbandry include sheep, goats, domestic pigs and bovinae. A local breed of horse, known as Murgese, has been husbanded here since the 16th century.
Tourism and small industries (construction materials, bottling) are also active.

</doc>
<doc id="9632767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632767" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 510">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 510

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 510 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632781" title="Coeur d'Alene language">
Coeur d'Alene language

Coeur d'Alene (Cœur d'Alène, snchitsu'umshtsn) is a Salishan language. It was spoken by only five of the 800 individuals in the Coeur d'Alene Tribe on the Coeur d'Alene Reservation in northern Idaho, United States in 1999. It is considered an endangered language. However, as of 2014, two elders in their 90s remain who grew up with snchitsu'umshtsn as their first language, and the use of the language is spreading among all age groups.
The Coeur d’Alene Names-Places Project visits geographic sites on the reservation recording video, audio, and still photos of Tribal elders who describe the site in both English and Coeur d’Alene languages.
The Coeur d'Alene Tribal Language Program and elders have actively promoted the use of the language, and have created computer sounds that use Snchitsu'umshtsn phrases. Radio station KWIS FM 88.3 in Plummer, Idaho offers programming to preserve the Snchitsu'umshtsn language. 
Lawrence Nicodemus, "a retired judge and former tribal council member," became a scholar of the language. He had worked with linguist Gladys Reichard in his youth, and went on to create a grammar, dictionary, and instructional materials. Nicodemus taught language classes until his death at age 94. The Coeur d’Alene Tribe’s language program has "taught classes and worked with the language department to record more than 2,000 hours of audio and video." Classes are also available at North Idaho College. 

</doc>
<doc id="9632782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632782" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 511">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 511

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 511 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632792" title="Pedophile Group">
Pedophile Group

__NOTOC__
The Pedophile Group or Pedophile Group association is a Danish organisation which was disbanded on March 21, 2004. A website is still running, operated by a group of active members of the former association. It was originally founded in 1985.
On July 23, 1996 the group had eighty registered members and participated in an International Congress in Denmark. It was also a member of the IPCE (formerly the International Pedophile and Child Emancipation). A 2004 newspaper article identified Dan Markussen as the organization's spokesman.
In 2000, a Danish TV documentary team went undercover to investigate the group. Members were shown exchanging child porn and giving advice on how to contact children in internet chatrooms. A man was arrested by police in connection with the investigation.
In 2000, the group asked its members to provide misleading information to authorities to help Eric Franklin Rosser, an ex-member of John Mellencamp's band and a man charged with producing and distributing child pornography, evade prosecution. He was convicted in 2001 however, and was subsequently added to the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation's most wanted list.

</doc>
<doc id="9632795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632795" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 512">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 512

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 512 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632816" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 513">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 513

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 513 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632823" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 514">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 514

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 514 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632836" title="Waynesville High School (Ohio)">
Waynesville High School (Ohio)

Waynesville High School is a public high school in Waynesville, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Wayne Local Schools district. Approximately 400 students are enrolled. The school colors are orange, black, and white.
Waynesville's athletic program was a charter member of the Fort Ancient Valley Conference from 1964 to 1977. After the FAVC, the school was in the Kenton Trace Conference. The school's sports teams, known as the Spartans, now participate in the Southwestern Buckeye League's Buckeye Division, which consists of smaller schools. Tim Williams, who played football at The Ohio State University, graduated from Waynesville High School.

</doc>
<doc id="9632838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632838" title="Vaginal cancer">
Vaginal cancer

Vaginal cancer is any type of cancer that forms in the tissues of the vagina. Primary vaginal cancer is rare in the general population of women and is usually a squamous-cell carcinoma. Metastases are more common. Vaginal cancer occurs more often in women over age 50, but can occur at any age, even in infancy. It often can be cured if found and treated in early stages. Surgery alone or surgery combined with pelvic radiation is typically used to treat vaginal cancer.
Types.
There are two primary types of vaginal cancer: squamous-cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma.
There are also less common forms of vaginal cancer:
Signs and symptoms.
Often, there are no symptoms, and the cancer is found through a routine gynecologic exam. If there are symptoms, they are commonly abnormal vaginal bleeding, which may be post-coital, intermenstrual, prepubertal, or postmenopausal. Other, less specific signs include difficult or painful urination, pain during intercourse, and pain in the pelvic area. Women who suspect exposure to DES should undergo a more extensive gynecological exam on a regular basis because the normal exam procedure does not closely examine the areas of the vagina usually obscured by the speculum in standard gynecological exams. See: Recommendations for DES-exposed patients.
Diagnosis.
Several tests are used to diagnose vaginal cancer, including:
Women with vaginal cancer should not have routine surveillance imaging to monitor the cancer unless they have new symptoms or rising tumor markers. Imaging without these indications is discouraged because it is unlikely to detect a recurrence or improve survival, and because it has its own costs and side effects.

</doc>
<doc id="9632842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632842" title="Menippidae">
Menippidae

Menippidae is a family of crabs of the order Decapoda.

</doc>
<doc id="9632843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632843" title="Las Aventuras de Pikín">
Las Aventuras de Pikín

Las Aventuras de Pikín is a 1977 Argentine family adventure film directed and written by Alberto Abdala with Jorge Falcón. The cinematography was performed by Américo Hoss.

</doc>
<doc id="9632859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632859" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 516">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 516

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 516 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632870" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 517">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 517

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 517 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632874" title="Villeneuve-sur-Yonne">
Villeneuve-sur-Yonne

Villeneuve-sur-Yonne is a commune in the Yonne department in Burgundy in north-central France.
It is surrounded by a partly intact wall, built during the 12th century, which was one of the 8 residences of the French kings.
Geography.
The city lies on the bank of the River Yonne, between the cities of Sens and Joigny.
History.
The city was founded in 1163 by Louis VII of France to protect the kingdom of France at the boundary of the Champagne. In 1204 King Philip II Augustus held parliament in the city, and Louis IX resided in the city before departing for the Eighth Crusade. In 1594 the city was burnt down. During the French Revolution the name was changed from "le-Roi" (the king) to "sur-Yonne" (on the Yonne). In 1870 a memorial for the dead was designed by the sculptor Émile Peynot. The city was governed from 1927 till 1935 by the infamous mayor Marcel Pétiot, who was guillotined in 1946, convicted of 27 killings.
Demography.
The inhabitants are called "Villeneuviens".

</doc>
<doc id="9632877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632877" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 518">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 518

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 518 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632878" title="Margaret Collins-O'Driscoll">
Margaret Collins-O'Driscoll

Margaret Collins-O'Driscoll ("née" Collins; 1878 – 17 June 1945) was an Irish Cumann na nGaedheal politician. She was the sister of the Irish revolutionary leader Michael Collins. She was educated at Baggot Street Training College and was a schoolteacher and school principal before entering politics. She was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North constituency at the 1923 general election. She was re-elected at every subsequent election until she lost her seat at the 1933 general election. Her great-granddaughter is the actress Dervla Kirwan.

</doc>
<doc id="9632884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632884" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 519">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 519

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 519 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632890" title="Hicetas (disambiguation)">
Hicetas (disambiguation)

Hicetas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9632894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632894" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 520">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 520

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 520 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632904" title="Alan Friedman">
Alan Friedman

Alan Friedman (born in New York, April 30, 1956) is an American journalist and media executive.
Education.
Friedman was educated at New York University (NYU) (B.A. Politics and History), the London School of Economics (International Relations) and the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies (M.A. International Economics and Law).
Career.
Friedman worked in the administration of President Jimmy Carter in the role of Presidential Management Intern. He began his professional career working for the staff of Hon. Bella Abzug (D-NY) and of Hon. Donald Fraser (D-MN).
From 1979 to 1993 he worked for the "Financial Times" of London, as a columnist on bonds, a banking correspondent and a foreign correspondent in Italy and the United States. His professional relationship with the "International Herald Tribune" and RAI made way, in 1999, to a joint venture for the co-production of the weekly programmes "World Business/Pianeta Economia" (Planet Economy), produced by FBC.
He was recognized as the journalist who led the report on the Iraqgate scandal in 1991 that connected the CIA with the supply of non-U.S. origin weapons to Saddam Hussein.
Friedman's television career began in the early 1980s with regular appearances on BBC "Newsnight". In 1991 he participated, with Ted Koppel of the ABC "Nightline" programme, in the production of a series of broadcasts by ABC/"Financial Times" on the scandal of the weapons sale to Iraq.
He hosted the "Alan Friedman Show", a peak talk show on the Sky TG24 news channel in Italy. It was dedicated to national and international economics and politics. From 1994 to 2003 Friedman was global economics correspondent of the IHT.
From 2003 to 2005 he was global economy columnist for the "Wall Street Journal" Europe. He was executive editor of "World Business", a weekly global business programme produced by FBC Media and broadcast on CNBC. Friedman founded and was chairman of FBC. The programme was cancelled in August 2011 after it was revealed that FBC acted as a public relations firm for the government of Malaysia and carried puff pieces in the shows it produced. FBC Media went into administration on 24 October 2011.
In February 2014, his new book Ammazziamo il Gattopardo (Let's Murder the Leopard) was serialised with an excerpt in The Financial Times of London.

</doc>
<doc id="9632909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632909" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 521">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 521

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 521 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632921" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 522">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 522

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 522 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632923" title="Straub Clinic &amp; Hospital">
Straub Clinic &amp; Hospital

Straub Clinic & Hospital is a fully integrated nonprofit health care system with a 159-bed hospital in Honolulu, a network of neighborhood clinics and a visiting specialist program that reaches throughout the state of Hawai‘i. With more than 350 employed or contracted physicians who are leaders in their fields, Straub provides its patients with expert diagnoses and treatments for more than 32 different medical specialties, including bone and joint, heart, cancer, endocrinology/diabetes, family medicine, gastroenterology, geriatric medicine, internal medicine, women’s health, vascular and urology. Straub is home to the Pacific Region’s only multi-disciplinary burn treatment center. The hospital consistently brings new technologies and innovative medical practices to Hawai‘i, such as minimally invasive cardiac surgery and total joint replacement. Straub is an affiliate of Hawai’i Pacific Health, the state’s largest health care provider.
History.
George F. Straub founded the clinic in 1921. Dr. Straub was educated in Germany and came to practice in Hawaii in 1907. In 1910, he conceived the idea of forming a group of physicians to provide better, more specialized care for his patients. It, however, took over 10 years to bring this idea to fruition.
The first step in 1912 was the construction of a wood frame building at 410 South Beretania Street. Straub established his office on the first floor and his home on the second. By 1916 his practice had grown to the point that he recruited an assistant, Guy C. Milnor. Straub envisioned a clinic providing specialized care in five major fields: Obstetrics and Gynecology, Surgery, Internal Medicine, ENT, and Clinical Pathology. To this end, he next enlisted Arthur Jackson, a specialist in internal medicine in 1920 and the group carried on for a short time as Straub, Milnor, and Jackson.
In the latter part of 1920, Howard Clarke resigned his commission in the United States Army and joined as a specialist in Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat. Eric A Fennel also left the Army about this time and joined the group as pathologist.
In January, 1921, the five founding partners formally organized themselves as a legal partnership. At Straub's insistence the group he founded did not bear his name, and it was to be known simply as "The Clinic".
A specialist in internal medicine and radiology, joined the clinic in 1921, a general surgeon in 1922, and a pediatrician joined in 1924.
In 1952 the clinic was renamed "Straub Clinic" in honor of Straub who died in May, 1966.
In 2001 it became part of the Hawaii Pacific Health network, with offices on Hawaii Island and Lanai Island.

</doc>
<doc id="9632931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632931" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 523">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 523

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 523 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632938" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 524">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 524

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 524 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632940" title="Protein 4.2">
Protein 4.2

Erythrocyte membrane protein band 4.2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "EPB42" gene.
Protein 4.2 is a cytoskeleton protein found in red blood cells.

</doc>
<doc id="9632944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632944" title="Category C">
Category C

Category C may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9632948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632948" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 525">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 525

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 525 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632955" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 526">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 526

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 526 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632958" title="Tourism in Sierra Leone">
Tourism in Sierra Leone

Tourism in Sierra Leone is an important growing national service industry. According to the International Labour Organisation, approximately 8,000 Sierra Leoneans are employed in the tourism industry, with a growing number of jobs expected to be created in the future. The main entrance point is Freetown International Airport, where transport to and from has been problematic. Beaches and other natural habitats are the biggest parts of the nation's tourism industry. The government's ministry, the Ministry of Tourism and Cultural Affairs, is headed by Peter Bayuku Konte.
Attractions.
The main attractions for tourist in Sierra Leone are the beaches, nature reserves and mountains.
External links.
Travel guide to Banana Island Sierra Leone
Scuba Diving/Accommodation at Banana Island

</doc>
<doc id="9632971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632971" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 528">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 528

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 528 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632972" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 527">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 527

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 527 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9632977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9632977" title="I'm Ready (Tevin Campbell album)">
I'm Ready (Tevin Campbell album)

"I'm Ready" is a 1993 album by R&B singer Tevin Campbell, his second album. 
Reception.
The album sold over 2 million copies, reaching double platinum status, and yielded the biggest R&B hit of his career, the #1 R&B single "Can We Talk". The album produced 3 more charting singles with "I'm Ready", "Always In My Heart" and "Don't Say Goodbye Girl". To date this has been Tevin's biggest selling album and many considered this album to be the high mark of his career despite the fact he was only 16 when he recorded the album. The album was nominated for 3 Grammy Awards: 1994 Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male ("Can We Talk"), 1995 Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male ("I'm Ready"), and Best Rhythm & Blues Album. Prince was credited as Paisley Park for his contributions to the album as a songwriter, arranger, and producer.

</doc>
<doc id="9633000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633000" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 529">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 529

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 529 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9633001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633001" title="Cecil J. Picard">
Cecil J. Picard

Cecil J. Picard (January 1, 1938 – February 15, 2007) was the appointed Louisiana state superintendent of education from 1996 until his death in 2007, which followed a 21-month fight against Lou Gehrig's disease. Picard also served as a Democratic member of both houses of the Louisiana State Legislature. A native of the village of Maurice in Vermilion Parish in southwestern Louisiana, Picard was previously a teacher, coach, and principal.
Early years and education.
Picard was born to Romain Picard and Evangeline Picard (1912–1990). He grew up on the grounds of Maurice High School because his father was the principal, and the Vermilion Parish School Board provided housing as part of the compensation. As a boy, Picard often gazed into the windows of the school, and although he was still too young to attend classes, he wondered what was happening inside the building. Despite his misgivings about a career in education, Picard graduated from Maurice High School and thereafter procured a bachelor's degree in upper elementary education program at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, then Southwestern Louisiana Institute and later the University of Southwestern Louisiana. He obtained a Master of Arts degree in school administration from Sam Houston State University (then Teacher's College) in Huntsville, Texas.
In 1959, Picard began his educational career as a teacher at LeBlanc Elementary School in Erath in Vermilion Parish. He became a teacher/coach at Maurice High School in 1962. When his father died in 1969, Picard was named principal of Maurice High School, a position that he held for the following eleven years.
Both houses of the legislature.
While he was still a principal in Vermilion Parish in 1975, Picard upset a state House member in District 47 in the first ever nonpartisan blanket primary held in Louisiana.
After three years in the state House, he won a special election to complete the term of state Senator Ned Doucet, Jr., in District 25, which encompasses all or parts of Acadia, Calcasieu, Cameron, Jefferson Davis, and Vermilion parishes. As Picard went to the Senate, he was succeeded in the house by Sam H. Theriot of Abbeville, son of the late Louisiana Comptroller Roy R. Theriot. Picard retired as principal when he entered the Senate, but his interest in education continued. Picard was elected to his first full term as senator in the fall of 1979 and again in 1983, and 1987, when he defeated fellow Democrat Wade Vincent, 16,933 votes (73 percent) to 6,203 (27 percent). In the primaries of 1991 and 1995, Picard ran unopposed. He left early in his last elected term to assume the superintendency.
Appointment as superintendent.
Picard was named superintendent by the elected Board of Elementary and Secondary Education with the support of his former senatorial colleague, then Governor Murphy J. "Mike" Foster of St. Mary Parish, a Democrat turned Republican. At the time he became superintendent, Picard headed the Senate Education Committee and had just lost a bid to become president of the state senate, the position having instead gone to fellow Democrat Randy Ewing of Quitman in Jackson Parish in north Louisiana.
Foster said that his friend Picard "made a lot of headway improving education. He did a good job, and I never heard anyone say he didn't."
Picard was succeeded in the state Senate by Democrat Gerald Theunissen of Jennings, who defeated the Republican state party chairman Mike Francis of Crowley. Theunissen himself later switched to Republican affiliation.
Colleagues remember Picard.
Walter C. Lee, then the superintendent of DeSoto Parish in north Louisiana and the former school chief in Caddo Parish as well, said that Picard was "the best politician I'd ever seen, and he'd chuckle and say, 'I'm not a politician. I'm a statesman.'" Lee said that he considered Picard to have been the most effective of all Louisiana superintendents. Picard was particularly known for the implementation of an accountability program that was recognized nationwide.
State Representative Jane H. Smith, a Republican from Bossier City, and herself a former superintendent in Bossier Parish, described Picard as "a warrior and a fighter. He was right there until the very end, doing what he could. He had a passion for the job."
Both Lee and Smith now served on the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education.
Picard participated in an experimental drug program in a vain attempt to counter the disease, technically termed amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. He continued working at his office until November 2006. After that, he worked from his residence until he was incapacitated. Picard had planned to retire on May 1. At the time of his death in a Lafayette hospital, the BESE board was already seeking a temporary successor.
Picard's chief assistant, Carole Wallin, said that he was "taken from us before he accomplished all of his dreams. . . . He was always dreaming of things to do to improve education."
Wallin recalled that Picard was the principal when Maurice High School was desegregated. Years later, his first act as superintendent was to begin a tour of the state's school districts. The levels of poverty he encountered appalled him, she said. Picard hence decided that perhaps the best way to lift children was to begin teaching them at an early age. That resulted in the LA4 pre-school program.
Last rites.
Services for Picard were held in St. Alphonsus Catholic Church in Maurice and were broadcast on a television hookup from a nearby school to handle the overflow of mourners. Entombment was in the church mausoleum. The St. Alphonsus pastor, the Reverend O. Joseph Breaux, said that Picard's life was best portrayed in a photograph of the superintendent published on the front page of the "Lafayette Daily Advertiser" the day after his death. It shows Picard seated in a classroom surrounded by children, "as it must have been when Jesus gathered the little children around him. He taught as Jesus taught."
Picard and his wife, the former Gaylen David, had two sons and four grandchildren. Tyron and Layne Picard said in a statement distributed at the funeral that their father's life "can be summed up in one sentence: He taught us to believe. As a father, he taught us to believe success was possible. Not a single day did he bemoan his undeserved fate. Quite the contrary, he accepted his condition with peace and deepened his relationship with God."
Picard's legacy.
Former state Representative Jimmy D. Long of Natchitoches, the chairman of the University of Louisiana System board of supervisors, headed the House Education Committee when Picard was chairman of the corresponding Senate committee. He said that the two developed a working and friendly relationship. "Cecil and I authored a raft of education reform," Long said in his eulogy.
According to Long, Picard was comfortable with himself, and it showed. . . . He told me, 'People believe honesty, and they're not easily misled,' which is how he led his life. . . . Cecil could get things done. His political legacy is he made sure Louisiana's children have the opportunity for a better education."
The family requested that Picard be remembered through memorial contributions to the Cecil Picard Endowment Fund to benefit the eponymous Cecil J. Picard Center for Child Development and Lifelong Learning at his "alma mater", the University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
Picard was succeeded as education superintendent by Paul Pastorek, who was retained by the board in 2008, with the support of Republican Governor Bobby Jindal, but left the post in 2011.
In 2006, Picard was inducted into the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame in Winnfield.

</doc>
<doc id="9633002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633002" title="Battlefield (TV series)">
Battlefield (TV series)

Battlefield is a documentary series initially shown in 1994 that explores the most important battles fought primarily during the Second World War and the Vietnam War. The series employs a novel approach in which history is described by detailed accounts of major battles together with background and contextual information.
Production.
The series provides a comprehensive narrative of the war; in addition to traditional tactical details, subjects such as personalities and motivations of the leaders, technological developments, management of war economies, strategic contributions of smaller battles, etc. are explored in terms of their contribution to particular turning points. The narrator (Tim Pigott-Smith) speaks throughout the series, with no interviews of actual battle veterans. The show is entirely made up of archive footage and 3D graphics. Rare archive film, including rare colour footage specific to each battle is included.
Detailed analysis of the battle including leaders, commanders, soldiers and weapons is presented. Events preceding the featured battle are presented, as well as some aftermath details. The political and military situation before each battle. Explanations of weapons and tactics. Detailed analysis of the cause of each battle. The action in the context of the war as a whole. Informative maps and graphics.
Episodes consist of two hour (100 minute) programs. Each episode of Battlefield is divided into segments. A typical sequence is as follows:
The series was produced by Lamancha Productions in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Broadcast History.
The Battlefield series was originally aired on the BBC (UK) and PBS Television (USA). The Military Channel showed a shortened version of the series. Major networks still showing documentaries from the ‘Battlefield’ series include Discovery Networks Europe (UK) and PBS (USA).
DVD release.
Series one.
The Battlefield series has been issued in videotape by Polygram Video (UK - PAL format) and Time-Life (USA - NTSC format). DVD collections were reissued by Polygram Video in the UK (PAL format) in 2005. In 2010 the original series was re-released on DVD in the US.
Specifications:
Series two.
Specifications:
Series Three.
Series Three was reissued by Time-Life as 12 segments, each 50 minutes long, on NTSC VHS videotapes. The series was produced by LaMancha Productions and produced and directed by Dave Flitton. 3D Graphics by Greg Moodie and Gavin Bonnar. A PolyGram Visual Programming/Lamancha co-production. Narrated by Gavin MacFadyen.
Series Four.
Series Four has been published by Time-Life with 50-minute NTSC VHS videotape episodes. The program copyright is Cromwell Productions, Ltd. (2001).
Reception.
For Battlefield Vietnam:
'I have never seen a sustained narrative about the Vietnam War which captures the subtle nuances of it in such clear and simple language. Superb treatment.' - Dr. Robert Goldich, National Security Specialist, US Library of Congress
'Every department of politics or modern history should invest in this set, and use it.' - Journal of Strategic Studies'

</doc>
<doc id="9633006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633006" title="Américo Hoss">
Américo Hoss

Américo Hoss (29 February 1914 in Budapest Hungary-October 20, 1990 in Buenos Aires) was a prolific Hungarian- Argentine cinematographer.
Hoss worked on over 90 films in his career between 1947 and 1980.
He died on October 20, 1990 in Buenos Aires

</doc>
<doc id="9633038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633038" title="Extradition (Amendment) Act 1994">
Extradition (Amendment) Act 1994

The Extradition (Amendment) Act, 1994 (An Act To Amend and Extend the Extradition Acts, 1965 to 1987) was an act passed by the Oireachtas, the national legislature of the Republic of Ireland. The Act restricted the use of the defence of 'political offence' by defendants against extradition.

</doc>
<doc id="9633063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633063" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 491">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 491

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 491 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9633066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633066" title="Old Colony Council">
Old Colony Council

The Old Colony Council of the Boy Scouts of America, headquartered in Canton, Massachusetts, serves southeastern Massachusetts. 
The OCC represents 265 active Scouting units in 41 communities around Boston, including Abington, Avon, Braintree, Canton, Bridgewater, Brockton, Cohasset, Duxbury, East Bridgewater, Easton, Foxborough, Halifax, Hanson, Hanover, Hingham, Holbrook, Hull, Kingston, Marshfield, Norwell, Norwood, Pembroke, Plymouth, Plympton, Rockland, Randolph, Scituate, Sharon, Stoughton, Walpole, West Bridgewater, Weymouth and Whitman.
History.
The Old Colony Council was once the Plymouth Council.
Organization.
Old Colony Council is split into the following districts:
Camps.
Until 1995, Old Colony Council owned two camps, Camp Child and Camp Squanto. Currently, the sole camp of the council is Camp Squanto.
Camp Harrison H. Child.
Camp Harrison H. Child was a summer camp in Plymouth, Massachusetts, run by the Old Colony Council of the Boy Scouts of America from 1925 through 1995. It provided a typical summer Camp experience for young men in a structured environment.
Summer activities included the teaching of such outdoor skills as: camping, cooking, safe boating, swimming, archery, rifle shooting, hiking, field sports, nature appreciation, wilderness survival, and many other skills, most geared to the earning of merit badges.
Typically, established Boy Scout troops from communities of the South Shore in Massachusetts would arrive with their own leadership and camp for one or two weeks at a time. However, individual scouts could attend and form a “provisional troop” which was led by the camp's staff. The camp staff, mostly former campers and all scouts, would teach classes, set up camp, run activities for the campers, provide food in a dining hall environment (or delivered to the campsite by truck or canoe), and otherwise help provide an enjoyable summer experience. The camp was rather large, so two swimming and boating areas at either side of the lake, as well as two scoutcraft training areas, were consistently maintained.
The camp completely surrounded a spring fed lake known as Morey’s Hole which provided clear water for the nearby Briggs Reservoir and cranberry bogs. A mix of Conifer forest with deciduous trees, oak, birch and maple intermingled. The camp had numerous hiking trails, running along the low rising hills which surrounded much of the pond, the most prominent height was Hio Hill, which was accessible by the Yellow Dot Trail and rose above the camp providing excellent views.
Camp Child had colorful names for local features such as "The Phantom Forest" and "Bird Point" which jutted into the heart of Morey's Hole. Near the lake, there existed a "bent stump" which later rotted away but remains as a centerpiece in Camp Child stories today.
Camp Squanto.
Camp Squanto is a camping facility located in Plymouth, MA, deep in the woods of Myles Standish State Forest. Every summer, nearly 2,000 Scouts attend the 7-week overnight camp, with an additional 20,000 weekend visitors annually.
1925-1949: Bloody Pond.
Although the Brockton Council of the Boy Scouts of America, the precursor of the Squanto Council, was formed in 1919, the first Camp Squanto was not opened until 1925.
The new camp was located on an site on the west side of Bloody Pond in Plymouth, Massachusetts. In the Spring of 1925, after an old farmhouse on the property was taken down, a combined dining and recreation hall was built. This building had facilities for 125 campers and staff, including a stone fireplace, a kitchen, storerooms, and an office for the camp.
A waterfront area with a U shaped swimming dock, a lookout tower, and a fleet of canoes and rowboats was set up on the shore of the pond. An old bog on the former farm was converted into a sports field, and a campfire ring was built on a knoll near the waterfront. Parking and service areas were laid out in the rear of the dining hall, and an old farm woodshed was repaired for use as a crafts center during the camping season as well as off-season storage.
The first camping season started in the first week of July, 1925. It was decided to call the new facility Camp Squanto, in honor of the Patuxet Indian, Tisquantum, whose aid to the Pilgrims in Plymouth helped them survive the first few difficult years of their settlement.
Although the first Scouts to camp at Camp Squanto lived in tents, these were gradually replaced with Adirondack shelters. The Scouts were divided into tribes, the Dakota, Comanche, Blackfoot, and Apache, thus establishing a tradition of naming campsites after various Indian tribes which continues today at Camp Squanto.
In 1932, the Brockton Scout Council which had previously included only the city of Brockton was expanded to take in the surrounding communities of Abington, Avon, Bridgewater, Duxbury, Halifax, Hanover, Hanson, Kingston, Marshfield, Pembroke, Plymouth, Plympton, Rockland, West Bridgewater, and Whitman and the new council adopted the Squanto name.
1950-present: Fawn Pond.
In the 1940s, the increased number of Scouts in the Squanto Council could no longer be accommodated with the limited facilities at the Bloody Pond site and a search was started for a larger area. In 1948/1949, a site containing several was found which included the north and west shores of Fawn Pond in Plymouth. This land was given to the council by LeBaron R. Barker, a local cranberry grower and landowner.
In July 1949 a group of staff leaders and Scouters surveyed the new area and marked out the locations for future development. in the fall of the same year, a formal survey and layout of the camp was made. Since the winter of 1949/1950 was a mild one, many of the Scout troops in the council were able to work at cutting out brush and trees to prepare the sites for buildings and roads.
During the spring of 1950, some thirty-five new buildings were put up with the help of construction crews and the Engineering Service of the National Boy Scout Council. The first building constructed was the Director's Lodge, followed by the Staff/Office/Trading Post, and the Health Lodge.
The Dining Hall was put up in May and June and was ready for the opening of camp in July. In the meantime, leantos, toilets, a craft building, and winter lodges were built throughout the camp. With the completion of the chapel near the waterfront in the second week of the camp season, the first phase of development in the new camp was over.
In addition to the many buildings, a water system, sewage system, unit camping areas, a waterfront area, sports area, campfire/amphitheater, nature study areas, rifle and archery range, and other facilities were set up to make Camp Squanto one of the finest in the United States, a distinction it has maintained throughout the years.
During the 1950s and 1960s, the Squanto Spirit made itself evident in many ways. The Feast of Mondamin, an interpretation of the Song of Hiawatha paying tribute to the Great Spirit of the Indian nations, attracted over 2,000 spectators and was broadcast on the Boston television stations. Each of the troops in camp built a mound or small hill, reflecting the activities of various Indian tribes which had contributed to the history and growth of the philosophy of brotherhood which characterizes the Spirit of Squanto.
In later years, this Feast of Mondamin was incorporated into the impressive camp opening and closing ceremonies, which are witnessed annually by hundreds of campers, Scout leaders, parents, and families. This yearly reminder of the Spirit which is Squanto continues to be one of the highlights of each camping season at Camp Squanto.
The Spirit of Squanto showed itself again during this period, when the adjoining Camp Cachalot was burnt to the ground by a forest fire which ravaged the area, but spared most of Camp Squanto. The staff, Scout campers, and Scout leaders of Camp Cachalot were made welcome at Camp Squanto and shared the camp facilities until their own camp could be rebuilt.
One of the most active areas of camp during these years was the waterfront. The natural sandy beach on Fawn Pond was cleaned and extended to provide space for additional aquatic activities. The first watch tower was built out of logs by the camp staff. Later, with funds from the George W. Magee Memorial Fund, a more permanent tower was put up. Although the design of the dock and the composition of the waterfront fleet has changed over the years, some of the original boats and canoes are still in use after providing thousands of hours of pleasure and instruction to many Scouts during the years. Some of the most popular of these watercraft were the "whaleboats," old Navy launches which were donated as training craft and swimming platforms.
With the opening of camp in July, 1950, a new era of camping in the Squanto Council was initiated. Since then, Camp Squanto has continued to grow, improve, and provide for the needs of Scouts and Scouters. An important factor in this growth has been the Squanto spirit, which has distinguished the camp since its beginnings. This growth has been especially pronounced from 1969 to the present time.
In 1970, the Squanto Council and the Old Colony Council merged. The tremendous growth in Scout attendance at camp coupled with the need for year round building maintenance was recognized, and a year round camp ranger was hired. Since the new Old Colony council took in most of the South Shore of Massachusetts from Weymouth and Braintree on the north to Plymouth in the south and Walpole on the west with a total of 41 towns, the need for more open space to provide for the needs of the Scouts and Scouters in the area became very real.
One of the first acts of the new council was the purchase of additional area abutting Fawn Pond which made it possible for the camp to control two thirds of the land around the pond. An added bonus was the working cranberry bog included in the purchase. With the help of the Order of the Arrow and countless other volunteers, all the camp buildings were repaired and repainted.
Tisquantum Lodge.
Old Colony's Order of the Arrow lodge is Tisquantum #164 [http://tisquantum.oldcolonycouncil.org/], which was formed when Tisquantum Lodge #518 and Manomet Lodge #164 merged in 1969. There was a bit of confusion when the National Order of the Arrow Council declared that Lodges no longer needed numbers, incorrectly dubbing the lodge "Tisquantum Lodge #249" (which was first seen on the infamous "Mario Patch," Tisquantum's NOAC flap from 2004) - this misunderstanding persists to this day on Tisquantum's lodge flaps. The proper name for the lodge is now "Tisquantum Lodge, Old Colony Council #249."

</doc>
<doc id="9633079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633079" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 493">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 493

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 493 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9633082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633082" title="Moor Grange County Secondary School">
Moor Grange County Secondary School

Moor Grange County Secondary School was located in the Leeds postal district of Leeds 16 at the junction of Parkstone Avenue and the West Park section of the Leeds Ring Road (A6120). Although it was named Moor Grange it was actually located in the Ireland Wood area with Moor Grange Estate being located just across the ring road. The school was a boys' school and its main section was four stories high. The science block was located on the top of a two-story building above the wood work, metal work, science and art rooms. It also had a set of annexes used as classrooms adjacent to the playground. The school was later renamed Moor Grange High School in the 1970s. It was demolished in the late 1980s and is now home to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs house and the new road is named Redvers Close. 
The school opened in 1960 and was filled by boys in years 2–4 from West Park County Secondary School nearby which reverted to its original construction as a girls-only school from September 1961 after the 5th form boys left following taking their GCEs.
Sports.
The school had a football pitch, a cricket square, a rugby field, an athletics area including long jump, high jump and pole vault, a running track of 440 yards and two tennis courts. It also boasted a gym and its assembly hall was frequently used as an additional gym and was also boosted by the addition of a stage for school plays.
Appearances in popular culture.
The school staff room and hall were used for the filming of "The Beiderbecke Tapes" in 1987, shortly before the schools demolition. However, the exterior shots of the school were that of Foxwood School in Seacroft.

</doc>
<doc id="9633096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633096" title="Look Again">
Look Again

Look Again is part of Freeman Grattan Holdings (FGH) – owned by Otto GmbH – traditionally the world's largest mail order company and currently one of the biggest e-commerce companies, with over 50,000 employees at 123 companies across more than 20 countries.
It is a UK based retailer that specialises in fashion, homeware and electricals and operates through two main channels; mail order catalogues and online store. Look Again is an off-shoot of the mail order catalogue company Grattan.
History.
Look Again was originally launched in the 1980s as a separate catalogue from Grattan.
Despite a successful history, the 1970’s was a challenging period for Grattan PLC which led to the appointment of Dave Jones as CEO, a business man who had a strong mail order background. Mr Jones previously worked as Managing Director for the British Mail Order Company, a subsidiary of Great Universal Stores. One of his key observations upon joining the business was that Grattan was still overly reliant on the traditional agency-based catalogue model. Grattan then set up three new catalogues, You & Yours, Streets of London and Look Again. These were catalogues that would contact the customer directly, bypassing the agent and cutting out agent commission.
In subsequent years the Look Again catalogue allowed Grattan to offer their products to a different customer base, essentially a re-skinned version of the main catalogue that would be sent to previously untargeted customer groups.
In 1991 Grattan were acquired by the German mail order group Otto Versand. This takeover included the acquisition of all the different brands under the Grattan group name. Another major catalogue business Freemans was also acquired by the Otto Group in 1999.
Brand Ambassador.
On 26 February 2014, Look Again announced the new face of the brand for SS14 as Stacey Solomon, the runner up of the sixth series of The X Factor and "Queen of the Jungle" in the tenth series of the celebrity reality show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here.

</doc>
<doc id="9633101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633101" title="Caesar's Creek Pioneer Village">
Caesar's Creek Pioneer Village

Caesar's Creek Pioneer Village is a historically recreated community in Caesar Creek State Park, located in Waynesville, Ohio, United States. The village was formed when historic buildings were moved here in order to save them from destruction from the creation of Caesars Creek Lake. 
The village consists of an open air collection of over 15 restored log cabins and other buildings from the 18th century and early 19th century. The log buildings are open during special events, but can be viewed from the outside year round. The village is maintained and operated by a private non-profit organization. The buildings include a Quaker meetinghouse, a broom shed, a pioneer school house, blacksmith shop, carpenter shop, toll house and many family houses.

</doc>
<doc id="9633104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633104" title="Fog City">
Fog City

Fog City is a nickname for San Francisco. The term can further refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9633108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633108" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 515">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 515

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 515 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9633115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633115" title="Michael Waterman">
Michael Waterman

Professor Michael Spencer Waterman is a scientist at the University of Southern California (USC), where he holds an Endowed Associates Chair in Biological Sciences, Mathematics and Computer Science. He previously held positions at Los Alamos National Laboratory and Idaho State University. He grew up near Bandon, Oregon and earned a bachelor's degree in Mathematics from Oregon State University, followed by a doctorate in statistics and probability from Michigan State University in 1969.
Waterman is one of the founders and current leaders in the area of computational biology. He focuses on applying mathematics, statistics, and computer science techniques to various problems in molecular biology. His work has contributed to some of the most widely used tools in the field. In particular, the Smith-Waterman algorithm (developed with Temple Smith) is the basis for many sequence comparison programs. In 1988, Waterman and Eric Lander published a landmark paper describing a mathematical model for fingerprint mapping. This work formed one of the theoretical cornerstones for many of the later DNA mapping and sequencing projects, especially the Human Genome Project.
With Sorin Istrail and Pavel A. Pevzner, he began the international conference Research in Computational Molecular Biology (RECOMB), and he is a founding editor of Journal of Computational Biology. He is an elected Fellow of the American Academy of Art and Sciences since 1995, and was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 2001. Since 2005, he is an elected Academician of the French Académie des Sciences. He was elected to the United States National Academy of Engineering in 2012. Waterman also authored one of the earliest textbooks in the field: Introduction to Computational Biology.

</doc>
<doc id="9633122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633122" title="Silly Ho">
Silly Ho

"Silly Ho" is a song recorded by R&B girl group TLC for their album "FanMail". It was sent to radio as a promotional single prior to the release of "FanMail" and managed to reach number twenty-one on the "Billboard" R&B chart. The song also peaked at number fifty-nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was also featured on their compilation album "".
Track listing.
"Side A"
"Side B"

</doc>
<doc id="9633124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633124" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 490">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 490

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 490 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9633130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633130" title="Belpre High School">
Belpre High School

Belpre High School is a public high school in Belpre, Ohio, United States. It is the only high school in the Belpre City School District. Their nickname is the Golden Eagles though their mascot is a Bald Eagle.
Belpre High School.
The Golden Eagles belong to the Ohio High School Athletic Association (OHSAA) and the Tri-Valley Conference, a 16-member athletic conference located in southeastern Ohio. The conference is divided into two divisions based on school size. The Ohio Division features the larger schools and the Hocking Division features the smaller schools. Grades seven to twelve attend this school.

</doc>
<doc id="9633141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633141" title="Theophilus (geographer)">
Theophilus (geographer)

Theophilus or Theophilos was a historian and geographer, if at least the passages about to be quoted refer to one and the same person. He is mentioned by Josephus ("c. Apion." i. 23) among those writers, who had noticed the Jews. The third book of his work on Italy (), and the second of that on the Peloponnesus, are quoted by Plutarch ("Parallela Minora", 13, 32, pp. 309, a., 313, d). Ptolemy ("Geogr." i. 9. § 3) quotes a statement from some geographical work by Theophilus, the title of which he does not mention, but which is no doubt the same as the , the eleventh book of which is referred to by Stephanus of Byzantium ("s. v." (). Plutarch also ("de Fluv." 24) cites the first book of a work of Theophilus. (Vossius, "de Hist. Graec." p. 504, ed. Westermann.)

</doc>
<doc id="9633147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633147" title="Sarcomastigophora">
Sarcomastigophora

The phylum Sarcomastigophora belongs to the Protista or protoctista kingdom and it includes many unicellular or colonial, autotrophic, or heterotrophic organisms. 
Taxonomy.
It is divided into three subphyla: the Mastigophora, the Sarcodina and the Opalinata.
It is polyphyletic, and it is not a universally recognized classification. It places great significance upon method of locomotion in generating the taxonomy.
It can be described either as:
or in older classifications as
Name.
It gets its name from the combination of "Sarcodina" (which is an older term used for amoeboids) and "Mastigophora" (which is an older term for flagellates).

</doc>
<doc id="9633152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633152" title="Sepulchre (comics)">
Sepulchre (comics)

Sepulchre (also known as Shadowoman) is a fictional superhero published by Marvel Comics. She first appeared in "Quasar" #45 (April 1993), and was created by Mark Gruenwald and Grant Miehm.
Fictional character biography.
Origin.
After a difficult childhood, Jillian Marie Woods left home to attend the University of San Francisco. While there she met occult lecturer Anthony Ludgate Druid, the super hero known as Doctor Druid. They discovered that a psychic link existed between them. Druid probed Jillian's mind and learned her soul had inhabited a male alchemist in King Arthur's court in a past life, and that the alchemist loved a princess whose soul was reincarnated as Dr. Druid. The alchemist and princess were killed by the princess' brother because of their relationship, and the alchemist swore he would find the princess again. Jillian and Druid, surprised by these revelations, became lovers. Sometime later, Jillian accidentally released a demon which killed her when she and Druid were investigating mystical artifacts Druid took from the sorcerer Magnus. Dr. Druid, using a mystical statue called the Bride of Slorioth, bonded a piece of Jillian's soul to her shadow. When Jillian woke up with her new powers, Druid told her that they were a result of her exposure to the demon.
Shadowoman.
Jillian took the name Shadowoman and alongside other heroes Jim Scully (as the second Blazing Skull) and N'Kantu, the Living Mummy, joined a team, led by Dr. Druid called the Shock Troop. When Quagmire, using his Darkforce, Neutron, and the Presence corrupted Earth-148611 (New Universe), Shadowoman and the Shock Troop helped Quasar fight Anti Bodies until the Shi'ar Imperial Guard destroyed them. Later the Shock Troop was called on by Doctor Strange to face a threat at the Nexus of All Realities. When the team arrived, the threat had already been neutralized by Quasar.
Secret Defenders.
After Dr. Strange forced Dr. Druid to assume the responsibility of organizing the Secret Defenders, Jillian, along with Luke Cage and Deadpool, were assembled together to prevent Malachi from reassembling the Moebius Stone. They met up at the Chicago Museum of Art, and confronted Malachi as she attempted to acquire a Moebius Stone fragment attached to a sword. To hold the Secret Defenders back, Malachi animated artwork to attack them, and departed with the fragment. Casting her shadow form over them, Shadowoman caused them to dissipate. Druid then teleported them to his townhouse to seek artifacts which could aid them against Malachi.
While there, Jillian related her origin to Deadpool and Cage. They set out to oppose Malachi at a tomb where a corpse held the last fragment of the Moebius Stone in a ring upon its finger. They were joined by Cody Fleisher, Cadaver, a teenager Malachi killed who Agamotto re-animated to serve as his Pale Horseman. However, Malachi obtained the last fragment, and caught Shadowoman and Dr. Druid with her spells. Shadowoman was able to phase through her bonds, and distracted Malachi while Dr. Druid escaped. Malachi struck Shadowoman down, and when she survived the blow, she realized she shouldn't have, and that Dr. Druid had done something to her. Malachi was finally slain by Deadpool, but then Strange, Dr. Strange's servant, attempted to claim the Moebius Stone. Shadowoman opposed him, only to be struck down again, but Dr. Druid was able to destroy the stone.
Shadowoman, Cadaver, Dr. Druid and R.G. Mathieson confronted Swarm, as it attempted to control the Rand-Meachum supercollider. Jillian was immune to Swarm due to her powers, and helped free Dr. Druid and Cadaver from the creature's clutches. She and Cadaver helped hold Swarm back long enough for Dr. Druid to convince Swarm to stand down.
Sepulchre.
Returning from their encounter with Swarm, Jillian asked Dr. Druid to explain to her what she had become. Druid promised to do so, but cast her into the Bride of Slorioth. Within the statue, Jillian encountered the dark side of Dr. Druid's soul, and learned from it what Dr. Druid had done to her. She emerged from the statue furious, and assaulted Dr. Druid, but he convinced her that he had only done what had to be done, and that he was ready to lead her and Cadaver on a mission that would free them all of their respective curses. She agreed, but assumed the new alias of Sepulchre for that mission. Dr. Druid then teleported them to Starkesboro.
Sepulchre and the others met up with Deathlok, Dagger and Drax, their teammates for this mission. Dr. Druid led them to the Gates of Perdition, where he was to confront the demon Slorioth. However, as Dr. Druid departed, the original Defenders — Silver Surfer, Hulk and Sub-Mariner — appeared to oppose the Secret Defenders. Sepulchre engaged the Silver Surfer in battle, but he fled the scene when he realized he was in an era where Galactus's barrier did not surround the Earth. However, the Surfer's conscience gnawed at him, and he returned to engage Sepulchre once more, but she encased him within a field of total darkness. Just then, their battle was interrupted when the demon Slorioth arose.
The two teams of Defenders fought Slorioth, but Sepulchre and Cadaver were taken aside by Joshua Pryce to face the real threat — Dr. Druid, corrupted by his dark side. Dr. Druid claimed that everything he had done had been for Jillian, then attacked his one-time allies. Since Dr. Druid had taken control of her soul, he used that advantage to cause her to dissolve away. Ultimately, Joshua Pryce brought in the Vishanti and Living Tribunal, who drove off Dr. Druid and Slorioth. Pryce then went to help Sepulchre, but she begged him to let her die. He replied, "Better to live, forever a Shadowoman...than to die a Sepulchre!", and helped raise her to life.
Sepulchre and Cadaver met with Pryce afterward, and decided to go their separate ways, but noted that "if the world ever needs saving...and all the good super-heroes are busy," they would meet again.
Occult Investigator.
Sometime later Lindsay McCabe, a friend of Jessica Drew's, asked Jillian to help her find her missing friend. They were joined by Julia Carpenter, Spider-Woman, who had encountered Jessica's Spider-Woman costume moving of its own accord. Jillian sent the two women to the dimension of the Void-Eater where Jessica was imprisoned. Re-powered by her costume, Jessica escaped the Void-Eater with Lindsay and Spider-Woman. Jillian closed the portal to the Void-Eater's realm before the creature could follow them back.
Post Civil War.
Jillian Woods appeared in Warren Ellis' "Thunderbolts" series. After making love to a man she picked up the night before, Jillian got out of bed and mentioned she was late for a job interview. She opened her closet and wondered what to wear for the interview. In the closet also hung her old Sepulchre uniform.
Sepulchre participates in a job interview for a babysitter job with Jessica Jones and Luke Cage, but gets increasingly frustrated with the apparent mispronounciation of her name, repeatedly telling Jones and Cage off and re-spelling her name over and over, which results in her eventual rejection. 
Jillian is seen on the phone with a representative from Roxxon Oil agreeing to speak to them about a job offer they had made. She encounters the Thunderbolts on her way to the interview, and uses her powers to fight off Venom before teaming up with Steel Spider and American Eagle to battle the rest of the team. Managing to reach Roxxon Oil just in time, she negotiates a new life off American soil.

</doc>
<doc id="9633161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633161" title="Modernist Journals Project">
Modernist Journals Project

The Modernist Journals Project (MJP) was created in 1995 at Brown University in order to create a database of digitized periodicals connected with the period loosely associated with modernism. The University of Tulsa joined in 2003. The Modernist Journals Project's website states:
The MJP is a multi-faceted project, which is intended to become a major resource for the study of the rise of modernism in the English-speaking world, with periodical literature at the center of this study. As such, its historical scope has a chronological range of 1890 to 1922, and a geographical range that extends to English language periodicals, wherever they were published. With magazines at the center, the MJP also has a generic range that extends to the digital publication of books directly connected to modernist periodicals and other supporting materials for the study of these periodicals. At this stage of the MJP's development, however, the chronological range of periodicals extends only from 1904 to 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="9633162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633162" title="Blythedale Children's Hospital">
Blythedale Children's Hospital

Blythedale Children's Hospital is a specialty children's hospital in Valhalla, New York, United States. It is the only independent children's hospital in New York State. The hospital is dedicated to the diagnosis, care and rehabilitation of children with complex medical and rehabilitative needs. 
The hospital opened a new, 56,000 square-foot inpatient hospital in December 2011. The new inpatient facility accommodates 86 patients in single or double rooms and includes a 46-bed Infant & Toddler and Post Neonatal/Post-Pediatric Intensive Care Unit  for medically fragile patients, many of whom require weaning from mechanical ventilation. The new building also includes a 30-bed Pediatric & Adolescent Unit, and a 10-bed Traumatic Brain Injury Unit.
The hospital also has its own on-site public school district, the Mount Pleasant Blythedale Union Free School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9633164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633164" title="Advantage Rent a Car">
Advantage Rent a Car

Advantage Rent a Car is a car rental company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas which at its peak operated more than 150 U.S. locations and 130 locations in 33 countries internationally. The brand, was acquired in late 2012 and is now operated by Franchise Services of North America. Advantage operates from 75 locations servicing airports and five additional satellite locations in hotels in Hawaii and Las Vegas and has a fleet of approximately 23,000 cars, ranging from economy cars to SUVs. Advantage primarily services the leisure segment of the rental car market and predominantly operates in key domestic leisure destinations, including California, Florida,Texas, Colorado, Hawaii and Arizona (as of July 2013).  Sister brands also managed by FSNA include U-Save Car &Truck Rental®, U-Save Car Sales, Rent-A-Wreck of Canada, PractiCar, Auto Rental ResourceCenter (“ARRC”), and Xpress Rent A Car.
On August 26, 2012, Hertz announced that it agreed to sell the US Advantage business to Franchise Services of North America and Macquarie Capital, as a divestiture to receive regulatory approval of Hertz's acquisition of Dollar Thrifty, announced at the same time, and to convert foreign Advantage locations to the Thrifty brand. On December 12, 2012, Advantage Rent A Car was acquired by a subsidiary of Macquarie Capital which will be merged with Franchise Services of North America, Inc. (TSXV:FSN) immediately after a shareholders vote scheduled for 1Q13. The merger received final TSX regulatory and shareholder approval on May 3, 2013.
History.
In 1963, a small business owned by Kenneth and Helen Walker called “$3.99 Car Rentals” opened its doors to serve the large military population in San Antonio, Texas. Founded with a fleet of five cars and initially serving the government traveler, it expanded very quickly over the next 20 years into feeder and leisure markets including local retail and airport markets located throughout the Western United States. During the 1960s and 70s, the company grew through the acquisition of several different franchises. The operation was later consolidated in 1984 under the name "Advantage Rent a Car." As the 1990s progressed, expansion of the Advantage brand continued throughout the U.S. into the Sunbelt states and major leisure airport markets. In 2001, Advantage attained worldwide presence by launching an affiliate partnership program that grew to an international network serving more than 33 countries. In 2006, following the death of Kenneth Walker, the Walker heirs sold the business to Venture Holding Inc.
Bankruptcy and acquisition by Hertz.
In December 2008, Advantage filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and closed about 40% of its U.S. retail locations, citing "a simultaneous drop in leisure travel, with greatly increased costs, and frozen credit markets" (presumably an effect of the 2008-09 global economic crisis). 440 workers, or almost half its workforce, were laid off at the time. Advantage was at that point privately held by disgraced Minnesota auto dealership mogul Denny Hecker (who is currently serving a 10-year prison sentence).
On March 31, 2009, the assets of Advantage were purchased by The Hertz Corporation for $33 million, successfully outbidding Enterprise Rent-a-Car in Minnesota bankruptcy court, including the Advantage logo and website (Hertz stated its intentions after Enterprise had announced it would acquire the assets.) The Advantage website was modified to match (or closely mirror) some design and operational aspects of the Hertz website. By fall 2009, Hertz had rebranded its "Simply Wheelz" economy subbrand with the acquired Advantage trademark properties, and had largely withdrawn the service.
Hertz described its plans to use Advantage for "... further expansion into the price-oriented travel demographic", "... providing Hertz a second brand to sell to corporate accounts and to market with key travel partners" and "... extending the useful life of vehicles in Hertz's rental fleet for Advantage's fleet needs". 
On November 5, 2013, Advantage Rent A Car announced to file bankruptcy. As of October 25, 2013 "Simply Wheelz" sold 5,295 vehicles through auctions with an average loss of about $1,633 per vehicle, whihch resulted in a total loss of about $8.6 million.
Sale.
On August 26, 2012, Hertz announced that it agreed to sell the US Advantage business to Franchise Services of North America and Macquarie Capital, as a divestiture to receive regulatory approval of Hertz's acquisition of Dollar Thrifty, announced at the same time, and to convert foreign Advantage locations to the Thrifty brand. On December 12, 2012, Advantage Rent A Car was acquired by a subsidiary of Macquarie Capital which will be merged with Franchise Services of North America, Inc. (TSXV:FSN) immediately after a shareholders vote scheduled for 1Q13. The merger received final TSX regulatory and shareholder approval on May 3, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9633170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633170" title="Arikapú language">
Arikapú language

Arikapú or Maxubí is an endangered Yabutian language that in 1998 was spoken by only six individuals in Rondônia, Brazil, at the headwaters of the Rio Branco. It is being supplanted by Portuguese.

</doc>
<doc id="9633171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633171" title="Na Wspólnej">
Na Wspólnej

Na Wspólnej () is a Polish soap opera. It has been running since 2003 on the TVN channel as its flagship primetime weekday soap opera. It is loosely based on the German production "Unter Uns" and it follows the lives of the inhabitants of an apartment block in Wspólna Street, Warsaw. Episodes tend to last around 20 minutes (without commercials). It is a Polish version of the Hungarian "Barátok közt".
The series is shot almost entirely in Warsaw and produced by the Polish branch of Freemantle Media. On 9 September 2008 it celebrated its 1000th episode; "Na Wspólnej" was the fourth Polish television series ever to achieve such status. A special episode was broadcast in which characters from some other of TVN's most popular shows visited Wspólna Street.
List of cast members.
As of 2012:

</doc>
<doc id="9633190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633190" title="Dariusz Wojciechowski">
Dariusz Wojciechowski

Dariusz Wojciechowski (born 13 July 1968) is a Polish former professional racing cyclist. Born in Warsaw, Poland, he entered professional cycling in 1996, and retired in 2005. He specialised in track early on. He is now the Sport Director of the Polish cycling team, MapaMap-BantProfi (MPM), which is a new Continental Team in 2007.
Team membership.
Wojciechowski has been a member of the following teams: Mróz(-Supradyn Witaminy) (1996–2001), Ambra Obuwie-SNC Odziez/Servisco-Koop (2002), Ambra-Weltour Radio Katowice (2003), and Grupa PSB (2004).

</doc>
<doc id="9633194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633194" title="Fort Frye High School">
Fort Frye High School

Fort Frye High School is a public high school in Beverly, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Fort Frye Local School District. Their nickname/mascot is the Cadets. They are members of the Ohio Valley Athletic Conference and Pioneer Valley Conference.
There is no Middle School in the Fort Frye Local School District. All students, following elementary school after the sixth grade, attend classes within the single building that houses Fort Frye High School.
There are three active Elementary Schools in the Fort Frye Local Schools District: Beverly-Center Elementary, Lowell Elementary (Lowell, Ohio), and Salem-Liberty Elementary (Lower Salem, Ohio). Beverly was renamed to Beverly-Center in 2007 after the closing (due mainly to budgetary reasons) of Center Elementary (Hackney, Ohio). Most remaining Center students are now bused to Beverly-Center Elementary. Current superintendent is Dr. Stephanie Starcher. Principals include: Susan Rauch at the high school, Krista Ross (Lowell & Salem-Liberty), and Megan Miller (Beverly-Center). 
Students and teachers at Fort Frye High School often refer to the school as "The Fort", referencing the pioneer fortification, Fort Frye, built by settlers for protection during the Northwest Indian War. Fort Frye is also known as a basketball school. They have won the PVC in 2000,2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013. They have 4 1000 point scorers in Shon Smith (2013), Tyler Engle (2007), Clint Hayes (1996), and Jack Clark (1963). Tyler Engle holds the Ohio State record for 3 pointers with 319. The Cadets main rival is Waterford though they have dominated the Wildcats in all sports recently. Girls sports have been very successful including a trip to state final 4 in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9633200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633200" title="Colorado Governor's Mansion">
Colorado Governor's Mansion

The Colorado Governor's Mansion, also known as the Cheesman-Boettcher Mansion, is a historic U.S. mansion in Denver, Colorado. It is located at 400 East 8th Avenue. On December 3, 1969, it was added to The U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
This building is located in Denver on the southeast corner of 8th Avenue and Logan Street. The exact address is 400 E. 8th Avenue. The Governor's Mansion is also known as the Cheesman-Evans-Boettcher Mansion for its former owners.
The building was built in 1908 after a design by Denver architects Willis A. Marean and Albert J. Norton. The house was originally built as a residence for the widow and the daughter of Denver real estate tycoon Walter Scott Cheesman.
The mansion was designed to accommodate two families. On November 8, 1908, Cheesman's daughter, Gladys, married John Evans II, the grandson of John Evans, the second territorial governor of Colorado. The widowed mother and young couple lived together until the birth of the Evans' first child, after which they relocated. On January 2, 1923, Alice Foster Sanger Cheesman died.
Claude K. Boettcher purchased the mansion on February 23, 1923. Boettcher was the head of a financial empire that eventually included sugar, livestock, cement, potash, steel, securities, utilities, and transportation. Boettcher was famous for his lavish parties which included President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1952. Boettcher died on June 9, 1957, and his wife in 1958.
The house was inherited by the Boettcher Foundation. The foundation offered the house to the State of Colorado as an Executive Residence. The building needed a great deal of work, and its fate remained uncertain for nine months in 1959 as three agencies of the State rejected the offer. On the last day of 1959, Governor Stephen McNichols accepted the building as a gift to the state.
From then until January, 2011, it has been the residence of Governors Stephen L.R. McNichols, John Love, John D.Vanderhoof, Richard D. Lamm, Roy R. Romer, William Owens, and William Ritter. The building was restored in the 1980s under the direction of Edward D. White, Jr. Upon taking office in January, 2011, Governor John Hickenlooper and his family decided to maintain their private residence in Denver instead of moving to the Governor's Mansion. 
Architecture.
The Cheesman-Evans-Boettcher Mansion is a formal, late Georgian Revival house. The building is surrounded by a wrought iron fence with cannonball finials on the brick posts. The walls of the mansion are red brick. There is a white wooden frosting under a hipped roof with prominent gabled dormers. The cornice is pedimented and dentiled. The west side portico has massive, two-story fluted Ionic columns. There is a dramatic entry way with grouped columns that support a porch which becomes a balustraded second-story balcony. The semicircular sunroom was added by suggestion of Mrs. Cheesman in 1915, and it overlooks a small park now known as "Governor's Park".

</doc>
<doc id="9633227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633227" title="Ozius">
Ozius

Ozius is a genus of crabs in the family Menippidae, containing the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="9633247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633247" title="Frontier High School (New Matamoras, Ohio)">
Frontier High School (New Matamoras, Ohio)

Frontier High School is a public high school in New Matamoras, Ohio, United States. It houses grades seventh through twelfth and is home to the Frontier Cougars. New Matamoras Elementary/Junior High- Newport Elementary/Junior High are all lower grade schools within the Frontier Local School District. Frontier Local is located along the Ohio River just off of Route 7 between New Matamoras and Newport Ohio.
It is the only high school in the Frontier Local School district. Their mascot is the Cougars. They are members of the Ohio Valley Athletic Conference and the Pioneer Valley Conference.
Frontier School District was formed in 1969 with the consolidation of Matamoras, Newport and Lawrence High Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="9633255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633255" title="Carl-Henning Pedersen">
Carl-Henning Pedersen

Carl-Henning Pedersen (23 September 1913 – 20 February 2007) was a Danish painter and a key member of the COBRA movement. He was known as the "Scandinavian Chagall", and was one of the leading Danish artists of the second half of the 20th century.
Pedersen was born in Copenhagen and brought up in the poor area near Vigerslev Alle. He held radical political beliefs. He joined the International Folk High School in Elsinore in 1933, where he met self-taught painter Else Alfelt. They married in 1934, and their first daughter, Vibeke Alfelt, was born later that year. Alfelt encouraged Pedersen to paint, and he first exhibited at the Artists' Autumn Exhibition ("Kunstnernes Efterårsudstilling") in Copenhagen in 1936, where he showed four abstract works. His modernist style was at odds with the socialist realism preferred by his communist friends, who snubbed him: he argued with Bertolt Brecht about his art. His abstract works, with flat planes of colour, emulated the works of cubists and of Paul Klee.
Pedersen travelled on foot to Paris in 1939, where he saw works by Picasso and Matisse. He visited the exhibition of "degenerate art" ("entartete Kunst") in Frankfurt am Main on his way home, where he was inspired by the paintings on show, particularly the works of Chagall, which remained a strong influence on his art for the rest of his life. His second daughter, Kari-Nina, was born in 1940. He joined the Høst group during the Nazi occupation of Denmark, writing about medieval Danish murals for its journal, "Helhesten", and continued to produce seditiously modern abstract works. 
He and his wife were founder members of the CoBrA movement in 1948. The movement took its name from the European cities where its founders were based: Copenhagen, Brussels and Amsterdam. They remaining with the group until it dissolved in 1951, producing free-form, spontaneous images in strong, fantastic colours. He won the Eckersberg Award in 1950 and the Guggenheim Award in 1958. A retrospective was put on at the Carnegie Institute in Pittsburgh in 1961, and he was Denmark's representative at the Venice Biennale in 1962. He won the Thorvaldsen Medal in 1963.
Pedersen moved into monumental art in the 1960s and 1970s, producing a large mosaic, "Cosmic Sea", for the H. C. Ørsted Institute at Copenhagen University, and a huge tiled wall decoration, "Fantasy Play Around the Wheel of Life", for the Angli courtyard in Herning.
Else Alfelt died in 1974. Notorious for resisting selling his works, he donated thousands to the Carl-Henning Pedersen and Else Alfelt Museum, which opened in Herning in 1976. Further works were donated to the Danish National Gallery ("Statens Museum for Kunst") in early 2007.
He moved to Burgundy in the 1980s, but most of his work still came from Danish sources. He surprised many when he worked on the redecoration of the Gothic cathedral in Ribe, working on the murals, painted glass and mosaics to illustrate Bible stories from 1983 to 1987. He also produced bronze sculptures, and works in oils and watercolour.
He died in Copenhagen, after a long illness. He was survived by his second wife, Sidsel Ramson.
External links.
There is a painting by this painter in the Fort Lauderdale,Florida Art Museum

</doc>
<doc id="9633260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633260" title="Red Pony">
Red Pony

Red Pony can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9633262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633262" title="Martin Kukučín">
Martin Kukučín

Martin Kukučín (real name Matej Bencúr, 17 May 1860 – 21 May 1928) was a Slovak prose writer, dramatist and publicist. He was the most notable representative of Slovak literary realism, and is considered one of the founders of modern Slovak prose.
Biography.
He was born into a family of freemen, or "soltys", the son of "Ján Bencúr Juriš" and his wife "Zuzana", née "Pašková", and had two brothers and one sister. He was educated at the Slovak 'gymnasium' in Revúca, Martin, Banská Bystrica, Kežmarok, and finished his education in Sopron. Although he wished to study theology in Bratislava, due to the anti-Slovak atmosphere prevailing at that time, he chose to study medicine in Prague instead.
After graduating and completing his internship in Bratislava, Innsbruck and Vienna, he attempted without success to find employment in Slovakia. Instead in 1893 he began to work as a doctor in the village of Selca on the island of Brač in Croatia, where he was also an active member of the cultural society "Hrvatski Sastanak". In 1904, he became one of its directors. In 1896–97, he tried unsuccessfully to return to Slovakia.
In 1904, he married Perica Didolić, with whom he left in 1908 for South America, where they settled in Punta Arenas, Chile, where there was a large community of Croatian émigrés. During 1922–24, he lived again in Slovakia (Czechoslovakia at that time), then moved to Croatia in 1924–25, briefly returning to Chile in 1925 to resolve property disputes. In 1926, he finally settled in Lipik, a spa town in Croatia, where he died in 1928. Temporarily buried in Zagreb, he was interred in the National Cemetery in Martin in October 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="9633272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633272" title="Grażyna Wolszczak">
Grażyna Wolszczak

Grażyna Wolszczak (born December 7, 1958 in Gdańsk, Poland) is a Polish actress.
Actor:

</doc>
<doc id="9633289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633289" title="La Vida color de rosa">
La Vida color de rosa

La Vida color de rosa is a 1951 Argentine comedy film directed by León Klimovsky written by Carlos A. Petit.The film starred Virginia Luque and José María Gutiérrez.

</doc>
<doc id="9633302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633302" title="Wayne County RESA">
Wayne County RESA

The Wayne County Regional Educational Service Agency or Wayne RESA is a regional educational service agency for schools in Wayne County, Michigan. Its headquarters is in the Wayne RESA Education Center in Wayne. It provides services such as group purchasing, computer service, and staff development. Its service sector covers 34 local school districts having approximately 20,000 teachers and 400,000 students. Currently the superintendent of Wayne RESA is Christopher Wigent. 

</doc>
<doc id="9633305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633305" title="Kentucky Governor's Mansion">
Kentucky Governor's Mansion

The Kentucky Governor's Mansion is a historic residence in Frankfort, Kentucky. It is located at the East lawn of the Capitol, at the end of Capital Avenue. On February 1, 1972, it was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places.
It was built in 1912-14 to be the governor's mansion, to designs submitted by Weber, Werner & Adkins of Cincinnati, Ohio; besides the Kentuckian architects normally credited with the design, the brothers Chris C. and Edward A. Weber (1875–1929) of Fort Thomas, partners in the firm included G.S. Werner, and J.S. Adkins. The brothers Weber were selected from among four firms invited to submit plans. The new mansion replaced the Old Governor's Mansion, built in 1798, which still stands, at 420 High Street, Frankfort. The Act specified that the new mansion should be "constructed, trimmed and finished with native stone produced from quarries in Kentucky." The Beaux-Arts design owed a great deal to the Petit Trianon at Versailles' interiors were in neoclassical French taste. The landscaping design for the mansion was developed and implemented by William Speed of Louisville.
The Governor's Mansion Preservation Foundation is a charitable trust that is charged with conservation of the historic structure. The Governor's Mansion is regularly open for tours.

</doc>
<doc id="9633312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633312" title="Priyamaanavale">
Priyamaanavale

Priyamaanavale () is a 2000 Tamil Romantic Film written and directed by K. Selva Bharathy, which is the remake of the Telugu film "Pavithra Bandham". The film has Vijay and Simran playing the lead roles, with S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Vivek and Radhika Choudhry in supporting roles. The film revolves around a working woman in a struggling family and portrays the sufferings she receives from her husband with negative shades in his role but later he realises his fault and he becomes a loving and caring husband.The film released on 26 October 2000.and was declared a commercially successful venture at the box office.
Plot.
Vishwanathan (S. P. Balasubrahmanyam) is a multi-millionaire industrialist, who lives in a palatial house, with his only child, a son named Vijay (Vijay). Vijay has been born with a silver spoon and indulges in life's temptations and weaknesses to the extreme. Vishwanath would like his son to get married and be responsible. Vijay agrees to get married on condition a kind of a test drive! His condition is that his future bride should sign an agreement that the marriage is on a trial basis for one year and, thereafter, if Vijay does not fall in love with her, the marriage gets annulled.
Vishwanathan asks his personal assistant, Priya (Simran), to quit her job and marry Vijay, but Priya refuses initially. Priya comes from a poor family, consisting of her mom, two sisters, and one brother. Priya reconsiders this offer and asks for financial support for her mom and siblings, to which Vishwanath agrees happily. Vijay and Priya are married. After the marriage, Vijay and Priya do become friends, and Priya goes out of her way to look after Vijay when he meets with an accident. At the end of the year, however, Vijay decides to annul the marriage, as had been agreed upon. Priya leaves Vijay and returns home heavy heartedly. Complications arise when Priya gets pregnant, and her family and people in the community start to question her living with her mom and who the biological father is. Vijay seems to be enjoying himself but slowly and eventually he starts to feel a longing for Priya and her staunch devotion to him.
Priya gets a job in a new company; to her surprise, on the day when the company's managing director arrives and everyone greets him, she's bewildered to see that it's Vijay. He later confesses to her that he's a changed person and wants her back. But, even after constant persuasion, she disagrees. Later, Priya and her family hold a ceremony on the occasion of her to-be-born child. As the guests start to come in and give her presents, Vishwanath and Vijay arrive and with presents. Priya gets up in front of everyone reveals Vijay to be her husband and tells them about the contract. Soon after an altercation follows and Vijay and his father walk out followed by all the guests.
A few days later, Priya gets to know that her uncle (Kazan Khan) and Vijay's uncle Thalaivasal Vijay, who had attempted to cheat Vijay, have escaped from prison and are looking out for Vijay who had fired them from his father's company for cheating and fraud. Priya gets anxious and tries to reach Vijay's home as soon as possible. On the way she learns that the whole thing was a setup meant to lure her to come back to Vijay. Enraged, she goes to confront Vijay. While at the other end, the villains has really escaped from the prison and are stabbing Vijay to death. Without knowing all this, when she reaches Vijay's home, she accuses him of this shameless act. Vijay, who is now in extreme pain, takes out the wine bottle piece stabbed in his stomach by the two rogues. Priya who is shocked, runs toward him, slips and goes into labour. Vijay, with all his strength, gets up and drives Priya to the hospital and there she delivers the baby.
Vijay is still in his unconscious state, but by the touch of his new-born baby, he recovers from his unconsciousness. Then the mother of Priya and Vishwanathan argue and starts claiming for the child for which Vijay teasing says that they can make another 'Agreement' for the same! With this, the story comes to an end and the couple live happily ever after with their son.
Production.
The film is a remake of Muthyala Subbiah's 1996 Telugu film, "Pavithra Bandham", which featured Venkatesh and Soundarya in the lead roles. It was also made in Hindi as "Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hain" in 1999, with Satish Kaushik directing Anil Kapoor and Kajol. Vivek was signed to play a comic role in the film and wrote his scenes. Vijay's son, Jason Sanjay, was born during a schedule of the film with Vijay unable to attend his birth.
The film teamed up with Coca Cola for their publicity campaign after Vijay had signed on to the soft drink company as a brand ambassador.
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by Sun TV. The film was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Reception.
A reviewer labelled it as "a clean family entertainer that with its Indian culture-versus foreign culture theme would appeal to family audiences" and mentioned that "the script is cleverly crafted", and that "Vijay neatly underplayed his role with Simran as the perfect foil." The film won particular praise for Simran's portrayal of her character, with her dubbing artist Savitha Reddy securing the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Female Dubbing Artist and Simran receiving the Cinema Express Award for Best Actress - Tamil.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film was composed by S. A. Rajkumar was well received by the audience, while lyrics were written by Vaali.

</doc>
<doc id="9633314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633314" title="Waterford High School (Ohio)">
Waterford High School (Ohio)

Waterford High School (WHS) is a public high school in Waterford, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Wolf Creek Local School District. Their mascot is the Wildcat, and their official school colors are kelly green and white.
Athletics.
The Wildcats belong to the Ohio High School Athletic Association (OHSAA) and the Tri-Valley Conference, a 16-member athletic conference located in southeastern Ohio. The conference is divided into two divisions based on school size. The Ohio Division features the larger schools and the Hocking Division features the smaller schools.
Athletic History.
Waterford is known to be a basketball school, especially in girl's basketball. They have won consecutive TVC Hocking titles from 2005 to 2013. Their boys teams aren't quite as successful, yet they have skilled teams almost every year, as their last division title was in 2014. In football, they have not been that successful until 2001, when they finished 7–3, their first winning season. They made a playoff appearance in 2002, and have won TVC Hocking titles in 2002, 2005, and 2007. Waterford has also had a strong history in volleyball and wrestling over the years as well.
Their rival is Fort Frye, located across the Muskingum River in Beverly. They play each other every year in a showdown known as "The Battle of the Muskingum River." However, Fort Frye has dominated Waterford almost every year, as Fort Frye has stronger athletic teams than Waterford.

</doc>
<doc id="9633335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633335" title="Gauss–Codazzi equations">
Gauss–Codazzi equations

In Riemannian geometry, the Gauss–Codazzi–Mainardi equations are fundamental equations in the theory of embedded hypersurfaces in a Euclidean space, and more generally submanifolds of Riemannian manifolds. They also have applications for embedded hypersurfaces of pseudo-Riemannian manifolds.
In the classical differential geometry of surfaces, the Gauss–Codazzi–Mainardi equations consist of a pair of related equations. The first equation, sometimes called the Gauss equation, relates the "intrinsic curvature" (or Gauss curvature) of the surface to the derivatives of the Gauss map, via the second fundamental form. This equation is the basis for Gauss's theorema egregium. The second equation, sometimes called the Codazzi–Mainardi equation, is a structural condition on the second derivatives of the Gauss map. 
It was named for Gaspare Mainardi (1856) and Delfino Codazzi (1868–1869), who independently derived the result, although it was discovered earlier by . 
It incorporates the "extrinsic curvature" (or mean curvature) of the surface. The equations show that the components of the second fundamental form and its derivatives along the surface completely classify the surface up to a Euclidean transformation, a theorem of Ossian Bonnet.
Formal statement.
Let i : "M" ⊂ "P" be an "n"-dimensional embedded submanifold of a Riemannian manifold "P" of dimension "n"+"p". There is a natural inclusion of the tangent bundle of "M" into that of "P" by the pushforward, and the cokernel is the normal bundle of "M":
The metric splits this short exact sequence, and so
Relative to this splitting, the Levi-Civita connection ∇′ of "P" decomposes into tangential and normal components. For each "X" ∈ T"M" and vector field "Y" on "M",
Let
Gauss' formula now asserts that ∇X is the Levi-Civita connection for "M", and α is a "symmetric" vector-valued form with values in the normal bundle. It is often referred to as the second fundamental form.
An immediate corollary is the Gauss equation. For "X", "Y", "Z", "W" ∈ T"M",
where "R"′ is the Riemann curvature tensor of "P" and "R" is that of "M".
The Weingarten equation is an analog of the Gauss formula for a connection in the normal bundle. Let "X" ∈ T"M" and ξ a normal vector field. Then decompose the ambient covariant derivative of ξ along "X" into tangential and normal components:
Then
There are thus a pair of connections: ∇, defined on the tangent bundle of "M"; and "D", defined on the normal bundle of "M". These combine to form a connection on any tensor product of copies of T"M" and T⊥"M". In particular, they defined the covariant derivative of α:
The Codazzi–Mainardi equation is
Since every immersion is, in particular, a local embedding, the above formulas also hold for immersions.
Gauss–Codazzi equations in classical differential geometry.
Statement of classical equations.
In classical differential geometry of surfaces, the Codazzi–Mainardi equations are expressed via the second fundamental form ("L", "M", "N"):
Derivation of classical equations.
Consider a parametric surface in Euclidean space,
where the three component functions depend smoothly on ordered pairs ("u","v") in some open domain "U" in the "uv"-plane. Assume that this surface is regular, meaning that the vectors r"u" and r"v" are linearly independent. Complete this to a basis{ru,rv,n}, by selecting a unit vector n normal to the surface. It is possible to express the second partial derivatives of r using the Christoffel symbols and the second fundamental form.
Clairaut's theorem states that partial derivatives commute:
If we differentiate ruu with respect to "v" and ruv with respect to "u", we get:
Now substitute the above expressions for the second derivatives and equate the coefficients of n:
Rearranging this equation gives the first Codazzi–Mainardi equation. 
The second equation may be derived similarly.
Mean curvature.
Let "M" be a smooth "m"-dimensional manifold immersed in the ("m" + "k")-dimensional smooth manifold "P". Let formula_20 be a local orthonormal frame of vector fields normal to "M". Then we can write,
If, now, formula_22 is a local orthonormal frame (of tangent vector fields) on the same open subset of "M", then we can define the mean curvatures of the immersion by
In particular, if "M" is a hypersurface of "P", i.e. formula_24, then there is only one mean curvature to speak of. The immersion is called minimal if all the formula_25 are identically zero.
Observe that the mean curvature is a trace, or average, of the second fundamental form, for any given component. Sometimes mean curvature is defined by multiplying the sum on the right-hand side by formula_26.
We can now write the Gauss–Codazzi equations as
Contracting the formula_28 components gives us
Observe that the tensor in parentheses is symmetric and nonnegative-definite in formula_30. Assuming that "M" is a hypersurface, this simplifies to
where formula_32 and formula_33 and formula_34. In that case, one more contraction yields,
where formula_36 and formula_37 are the respective scalar curvatures, and
If formula_39, the scalar curvature equation might be more complicated.
We can already use these equations to draw some conclusions. For example, any minimal immersion into the round sphere formula_40 must be of the form
where formula_42 runs from 1 to formula_43 and
is the Laplacian on "M", and formula_45 is a positive constant.

</doc>
<doc id="9633343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633343" title="List of highways in Atascosa County, Texas">
List of highways in Atascosa County, Texas

The following is a list of all state highways in Atascosa County, Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation. All state highways in Texas are paved.
__TOC__ 

</doc>
<doc id="9633344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633344" title="Robert Gibb (poet)">
Robert Gibb (poet)

Robert Gibb (born 5 September 1946) is an American poet. Gibb won the 1997 National Poetry Series Open Competition for "The Origins of Evening". It, along with his next two books, comprise what Gibb calls "The Homestead Trilogy", a nearly 100-poem cycle probing the fading industrial history and culture of America's "Steel City".
Life.
He was born to a family of steelworkers in Homestead, Pennsylvania, a mill town six miles south of downtown Pittsburgh along the Monongahela River. The town was home to Andrew Carnegie's famous Homestead Steel Works and site of the infamous Homestead Strike. 
Gibb earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts at Kutztown University in 1971, a Master of Fine Arts at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 1974, and his Master of Arts and Ph.D. at Lehigh University in 1976 and 1986 respectively.
Reviews.
Move over, John Edgar Wideman. Poet Robert Gibb's "The Homestead Trilogy," now completed, takes its place alongside "The Homewood Trilogy" in the canon of Pittsburgh literature. "World Over Water" concludes a fiercely ambitious cycle of Pittsburgh poems -- nearly 100 in all -- in the project Gibb began 10 years ago with "The Origins Of Evening," selected by Eavan Boland as winner of the 1997 National Poetry Series and published by Norton.

</doc>
<doc id="9633352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633352" title="Bronson Sardinha">
Bronson Sardinha

Bronson Kiheimahanaomauiakeo Sardinha (born April 6, 1983 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a retired Major League Baseball outfielder.
Career.
Sardinha was drafted directly out of Kamehameha High School in the 1st round of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft. Sardinha had a mixed minor league career in the New York Yankees organization, playing in a variety of infield and outfield spots.
Sardinha made his major league debut on September 15, , against the Boston Red Sox. Coming into the game in the bottom of the 8th inning as a defensive replacement, he got his first at-bat in the top of the ninth inning. Facing Bryan Corey, on the first pitch, he grounded into a game ending double play. Bronson got his first major league hit against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays on September 27, 2007, against Scott Kazmir.
Sardinha was designated for assignment by the Yankees on December 8, 2007, in order to make room for the re-signed Andy Pettitte on the 40-man roster. Sardinha was not offered a new contract by the Yankees and became a free agent on December 12, 2007.
On January 17, 2008, Sardinha was signed to a minor league deal with the Seattle Mariners, and was invited to spring training. Sardinha did not make the team and was assigned to their Triple-A affiliate, the Tacoma Rainiers, but was released early in the season.
On May 6, 2008, Sardinha signed a minor league contract with the Cleveland Indians. He became a free agent at the end of the season and signed a minor league contract with the Detroit Tigers in January . He was released in April 2009.
After a 10-month break from professional baseball, Sardinha signed with the Colorado Rockies on February 8, 2010. He was assigned to their Double-A affiliate, the Tulsa Drillers.
Personal.
He has two brothers (Dane and Duke) who also have played professional baseball. 
For his unique (middle) name, Sardinha was a part of the first MiLB.com Minors Moniker Madness, held in 2007. He reached the Final Four out of the Icicle Reeder Bracket, last beating Ari Kafka before falling to Will Startup, the 2008 winner.

</doc>
<doc id="9633355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633355" title="Tomasz Schimscheiner">
Tomasz Schimscheiner

Tomasz Schimscheiner (born 26 February 1967 in Kraków, Poland) is a Polish actor.

</doc>
<doc id="9633390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633390" title="Erna Gunther">
Erna Gunther

Erna Gunther (1896–1982) was an American anthropologist who taught for many years at the University of Washington in Seattle. 
Gunther's work on ethnobotany is still extensively consulted today.
Biography.
Gunther graduated in 1919 as a student of Franz Boas, and received her MA in anthropology from Columbia University in 1920, studying under famed anthropologist Franz Boas. After graduating she moved with her husband, Leslie Spier, to the University of Washington in 1921. After leaving for a short period of time with her husband she returned in 1929. When her husband left in 1930 she stayed at the University; at that time the marriage dissolved. 
She formed part of the core of the newly formed anthropology program at the University of Washington in the 1920s, along with Spier and Melville Jacobs. In 1930 the Washington State Museum named her Director. The faculty grew from two residents in 1930 to ten in 1955 during her time as the University’s Anthropology Department. In 1966 she moved to the University of Alaska Fairbanks, becoming chair in 1967.
An American Indian specialist, her research focused on the Salish and Makah peoples of western Washington State, with publications on ethnobotany, ethnohistory, and general ethnology.
Her students included anthropologists Wayne Suttles, Dale Croes and Wilson Duff.
In 1949 she helped finance the archaeological investigation run by Charles E. Borden at Walen's farm (DfRs-3) on Boundary Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="9633394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633394" title="Edward Stanford">
Edward Stanford

Edward Stanford (18271904) was the founder of Stanford's Ltd, now a pair of map and book stores based in London and Bristol, UK.
Biography.
Born in 1827, and educated at the City of London School, Edward Stanford got into maps after being employed by Mr Trelawney Saunders at his map and stationers. He became a partner to Saunders in 1852 at the age of 25. In 1853, company was dissolved, and Stanford took over the remains of the business with the intent of turning it into a map specialist. With British colonial expansion pushing the demand for maps worldwide, and being the sole specialist of maps in London, the move was both obvious and lucrative.
The name Stanfords became prominent in 1862 when his project to make the most accurate map of London possible was published. Stanford's "Library Map of London" is still on sale today, over 150 years later.
Company ownership remained in the family until 1947, when it was absorbed into George Philip & Son. However, in 2001 Stanfords separated from George Philip & Son and the name Stanfords is proudly displayed on both stores and on many lines of maps and books produced by the company.

</doc>
<doc id="9633399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633399" title="International Association for the Advancement of Teaching and Research in Intellectual Property">
International Association for the Advancement of Teaching and Research in Intellectual Property

The International Association for the Advancement of Teaching and Research in Intellectual Property (ATRIP) was founded in 1981. It pursues only educational and scientific objectives to contribute to the advancement of teaching and research in the field of the law of intellectual property. 

</doc>
<doc id="9633400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633400" title="I'm Ready (Tevin Campbell song)">
I'm Ready (Tevin Campbell song)

"I'm Ready" is the second single from R&B singer Tevin Campbell's second album "I'm Ready". It was a success in both the Pop and R&B charts reaching the top-ten on the Billboard Hot 100 (#9) and top-five R&B (#2). It remained at #2 on the R&B charts for 4 weeks mainly because at the time R. Kelly was making a then record-breaking run on the chart with his mega hit "Bump n' Grind", which stayed at #1 for an astonishing 12 weeks. "I'm Ready" was nominated for a Grammy for Best Rhythm & Blues Vocal Performance - Male.

</doc>
<doc id="9633402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633402" title="Mississippi Governor's Mansion">
Mississippi Governor's Mansion

The Mississippi Governor's Mansion is a historic U.S. residence in Jackson, Mississippi, located at 300 East Capitol Street. It is the second oldest executive residence in the United States that has been continuously occupied as a gubernatorial residence (only Virginia's Executive Mansion is older).
On November 25, 1969, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was designated a National Historic Landmark by the U.S. Department of Interior in 1975, an honor previously bestowed on only one other state gubernatorial residence. The mansion was also declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9633405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633405" title="Powers (whiskey)">
Powers (whiskey)

Powers Gold Label is a brand of Irish whiskey. Originally a pure pot still whiskey, it is now produced from a blend of pot still and grain whiskey. It is the most popular Irish whiskey sold in Ireland, selling over 6 million measures per annum.
History.
In 1791 James Power, an innkeeper from Dublin, established the John's Lane Distillery at Thomas St., Dublin. Initially trading as James Power, at the turn of the 19th century James' son John joined the business, and the company became known as John Power & Son.
Under John Power's management the company prospered. By 1823, with the help of a 500 gallon still, the annual output had grown to 33,000 gallons. A decade later, this had increased tenfold to approximately 330,000 gallons per annum.
As the distillery grew, so too did the stature of the family. John Power was knighted and later made High Sheriff of Dublin.
In 1866, John Power & Son began bottling their own whiskey, becoming one of the first distilleries in the world to do so. Until then, distilleries usually sold whiskey by the cask. A gold label adorned each bottle and it was from these that the whiskey got the name "Powers Gold Label".
In 1871, then occupying , the distillery was rebuilt in Victorian style and was one of the most impressive sights in Dublin. 
The last member of the board with a family connection was Sir Thomas Talbot Power who died in 1936. Ownership remained in the family until 1966, when Powers joined with the only other remaining distillers in the Republic, the Cork Distillers Company and their Dublin rivals John Jameson & Son, to form the Irish Distillers Group.
The newly formed Irish Distillers Group decided, in a bold move, to close all of their existing distilleries and build a modern plant in Midleton, County Cork beside the existing Old Midleton Distillery. One evening in 1975, distillery workers finished the day in the old distillery and began work the next day in the new one.
In 1972, Irish Distillers acquired the Bushmills Distillery in Northern Ireland, bringing all distilleries on the island (at the time) under their control.
In 1989, Pernod-Ricard successfully bid for ownership of the Irish Distillers.
Current Day Production.
Powers Gold label is a blend of approximately 70% pot still and 30% grain whiskey. It currently has sales of over 2.5 million bottles per year.
Variants.
Powers 12 Year Old Reserve is a premium edition. It contains a blend of whiskeys aged from 12 to 24 years in oak casks. It also has a high pot still content.

</doc>
<doc id="9633418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633418" title="Ozius truncatus">
Ozius truncatus

Ozius truncatus, or the black finger crab or reef crab, is a crab of the family Menippidae, endemic to south eastern Australia and the North Island of New Zealand.
Reef crabs are very common occurring in intertidal and very shallow sub tidal areas. They are usually found under loose rocks on rocky shores.
Reef crabs are found in southern WA and on the southern Australian coast,and north to southern Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="9633432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633432" title="Peisistratos">
Peisistratos

Peisistratos (also spelled Pisistratus ; ; 6th century – 528/527 BC) was a tyrant, who ruled in Athens during most of the period between 561 and 527 BC. His legacy lies primarily in his institution of the Panathenaic Festival and the consequent first attempt at producing a definitive version for Homeric epics. Peisistratos' championing of the lower class of Athens, the Hyperakrioi, (see below) can be seen as an early example of populism. While in power, Peisistratos did not hesitate to confront the aristocracy, and he greatly reduced their privileges, confiscated their lands and gave them to the poor, and funded many religious and artistic programs.
Peisistratids is the common term for the three tyrants who ruled in Athens from 546 to 510 BC, namely Peisistratos and his two sons, Hipparchus and Hippias.
Rise.
Pisistratus was a distant relative of Solon from northern Attica who had made a name of himself by capturing the port of Nisaea nearby Megara by creating a successful coup in 564 BC. Pisistratus was backed by the Men of the Hill, the poorer and majority of the population. This victory opened up the unofficial trade blockage that had been contributing to the food shortage in Athens during the past several decades.
In the period after the Megarans were defeated, several political factions competed for control in the government of Athens. These groups were both economically and geographically partitioned.
His role in the Megaran conflict gained Peisistratos popularity in Athens, but he did not have the political clout to seize power. Herodotus tells us how he wounded himself and his mules, in order to demand from the agora to be issued bodyguards for protection, in which he received. By obtaining support from the vast amount of the poorer population as well as bodyguards, he was able to seize the Acropolis and the reins of the government. The Athenians desired tyranny similarly to that of Solon, and thus Pisistratus was appointed as a tyrant. It seems as the establishment of tyranny could be a way to achieve stability and end conflict. By wounding himself and receiving bodyguards, the Athenians were willing to grant them to defend their leader. With this in his possession, and the collusion of Megacles and his party, he declared himself tyrant.
Periods of power.
Peisistratos was ousted from political office and exiled twice during his reign. The first occurrence happened circa 555 BC after the two original parties, which were normally at odds with each other, joined forces and removed Peisistratos from power. The actual dates after this point become unclear. Peisistratos was exiled for 3 to 6 years during which the agreement between the Pedieis and the Paralioi fell apart. Peisistratos returned to Athens and rode into the city in a golden chariot accompanied by a tall woman playing the role of Athena. Many returned to his side, believing that he had the favour of the goddess. Differing sources state that he held the tyranny for one to six years before he was exiled again. During his second exile, he gathered support from local cities and from the Laurion silver mines near Athens. After 10 years he returned in force, regained his tyranny, and held his power until his death in 527 BC.
Popular tyrant.
As opposed to the contemporary definition of a tyrant, which is a single ruler, often violent and oppressive, Peisistratos was the ideal classical tyrant, which was a non-heritable position that a person took purely by personal ability often in violation of tradition or constitutional norms. We see this in remarks by both Herodotus and Aristotle. Herodotus, in his Histories, wrote that Peisistratos, "not having disturbed the existing magistrates nor changed the ancient laws… administered the State under that constitution of things which was already established, ordering it fairly and well", while Aristotle wrote that "his administration was temperate…and more like constitutional government than a tyranny". Peisistratos often tried to distribute power and benefits, rather than hoard them, with the intent of releasing stress between the economic classes. The elites, who had held power in the Areopagus Council, were allowed to retain their archonships. For the lower classes, he cut taxes and created a band of traveling judges to provide justice for the citizens of Athens. Peisistratos enacted a popular program to beautify Athens and promote the arts. He minted coins with Athena's symbol (the owl), although this was only one type on the so-called "Wappenmünzen" (heraldic coins), and not a regular device as on the later, standard silver currency. Under his rule were introduced two new forms of poetry, the dithyramb and tragic drama, and the era also saw growth in theater, arts and sculpture. He commissioned the permanent copying and archiving of Homer's two epic poems, the "Iliad" and the "Odyssey", and the canon of Homeric works is said to derive from this particular archiving.
Three Attempts at Tyranny.
With Peisistratus' successful invasion and capture of the Megarian port of Nisaea, he was able to attain great political standing in his assembly. He initially met with resistance from nobles such as Megacles, the son of Alcmaeon, and Lycurgus, the son of Aristolaïdes who had shared power between them. Megacles came over to Peisistratus' side and, with his help, Peisistratus was voted in as tyrant by the Athenian assembly in 561 only to be ousted soon thereafter. Herodotus explains his exile “Not much later, however, the supporters of Megacles and those of Lycurgus came to an understanding and expelled him”.
He soon had a second chance. Megacles invited him back in 556 on condition that he marry Megacles' daughter. Peisistratus returned in triumph accompanied by a tall, local woman named Phye, whom he passed off as Athena. The awestruck Athenians thus gave him his second tyranny. Peisistratus, however, refused to impregnate Megacles' daughter, which ended their coalition. Peisistratus was forced to leave Attica entirely. During his nearly ten-year exile, he was able to create an alliance with powerful allies, and accumulated great wealth. With his powerful personal army, marched to Marathon and from there to Athens. His popularity soared and many locals supported him. Thus, in 546 BC, he began his third and final tyranny.
Policies of Peisistratus'"
Pisistranus main policies were aimed in strengthening the economy, and simlarily to Solon he was concerned about both agriculture and commerce. He offered land and loans to the needy. He encouraged the cultivation of olive, and the growth of Athenian trade finding way to the Black Sea, and even Italy and France. Under Pisistratus fine Attic pottery traveled to Ionia, Cyprus, and Syria. In Athens, Pisistratus public building projects provided jobs to people in need, while simultaneously investing energy on the city as a cultural center. He replaced private wells of the aristocrats with public fountain houses. Pisistranus also built the first aqueduct in Athens, allowing reliable water supply to sustain the large population.
Legacy.
Peisistratos died in 527 or 528 BC. He was succeeded by his eldest son, Hippias. Hippias and his brother, Hipparchus, ruled the city much akin to the way that their father did. After a successful murder plot against Hipparchus conceived by Harmodius and Aristogeiton, Hippias became paranoid and oppressive. This change in attitude caused the people of Athens to hold Hippias in much lower regard. The Alcmaeonid family helped to depose the tyranny by bribing the Delphic oracle to tell the Spartans to liberate Athens, which they did in 508 BC. The Peisistratids were not executed, but rather were mostly forced into exile. Afterward, Cleisthenes, a descendent of Megacles, helped erect a democracy based on the overturned reforms of Solon.

</doc>
<doc id="9633437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633437" title="Michał Tomala">
Michał Tomala

Michał Tomala (born in Poland) is a Polish actor who appears in the television series "Na Wspólnej".

</doc>
<doc id="9633446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633446" title="Behavioral psychotherapy">
Behavioral psychotherapy

Behavioral psychotherapy is a type of psychotherapy from the behaviourism tradition, and one of two streams of thought (the other being cognitive psychotherapy) that have come together to produce cognitive behavioral therapy.
Behavioral psychotherapy has a rich tradition in research and practice. From a purely behavioral perspective, behavior therapy has shown considerable success with clients from a variety of problems. Traditional behavior therapy draws from respondent conditioning and operant conditioning to solve client problems.
Current forms.
Behavioral therapy based on operant and respondent principles has considerable evidence base to support its usage. This approach remains a vital area of clinical psychology and is often termed clinical behavior analysis. Behavioral psychotherapy has become increasingly contextual in recent years. Behavioral psychotherapy has developed greater interest in recent years in personality disorders as well as a greater focus on acceptance
One current form of behavioral psychotherapy is functional analytic psychotherapy. Functional analytic psychotherapy is a longer duration behavior therapy. Functional analytic therapy focuses on in-session use of reinforcement and is primarily a relationally-based therapy. As with most of the behavioral psychotherapies, functional analytic psychotherapy is contextual in its origins and nature. and draws heavily on radical behaviorism and functional contextualism.
Functional analytic psychotherapy holds to a process model of research, which makes it unique compared to traditional behavior therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy.
Functional analytic psychotherapy has a strong research support. Recent functional analytic psychotherapy research efforts are focusing on management of aggressive inpatients.
In rehabilitation.
Currently, there is a greater call for behavioral psychologists to be involved in rehabilitation efforts.
Supervision.
Recent efforts in behavioral psychotherapy have focused on the supervision process. A key point of behavioral models of supervision is that the supervisory process parallels the behavioral psychotherapy.
Professional organizations.
The Association for Behavior Analysis International (ABAI) has a special interest group for practitioner issues, behavioral counseling, and clinical behavior analysis ABA:I. ABAI has larger special interest groups for autism and behavioral medicine. ABAI serves as the core intellectual home for behavior analysts. ABAI sponsors two conferences/year – one in the U.S. and one international.
The Association for Behavioral and Cognitive Therapies (ABCT) also has an interest group in behavior analysis, which focuses on clinical behavior analysis. In addition, the Association for Behavioral an Cogntive Therapies has a special interest group on addicitons.
Doctoral-level behavior analysts who are psychologists belong to American Psychological Association's division 25 – Behavior analysis. APA offers a diplomate in behavioral psychology.
The World Association for Behavior Analysis offers a certification in behavior therapy [http://worldcenterba.com/index.html].

</doc>
<doc id="9633447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633447" title="SAK Comedy Lab">
SAK Comedy Lab

SAK Comedy Lab (SAK) is a 200-seat Improvisational Comedy (Improv) theater in downtown Orlando, Florida, listed as "one of Orlando's most popular entertainment venues" by 10Best.com and as a family-friendly show by about.com. SAK was the first theater of actor Wayne Brady, who has played in several shows since as a guest performer. SAK's regular performers are referred to as the SAK ensemble.
SAK runs an improv training school, SAK University (SAK U), which features four levels of classes. Graduates of SAK U may someday join the ensemble.
Shows.
SAK's main show is the "Duel of Fools." This show features two teams of three improvisers, one host/ referee, and a piano player to add music. SAK will often feature a different ten p.m. show that offers a different format other than the standard "Duel of Fools".
While "Duel of Fools" runs continuously, the club also rotates other temporary shows through its repertoire. These have included the 2007 "Rub a Dub Dub", a show in which players dub their own lines over health films and silent movies. "The Lost Comedies of William Shakespeare", directed by David Charles in 2006, was a parody of Shakespeare's work, in which the performers synthesized a 5 act play from audience suggestions. The show received positive reviews from the Orlando Sentinel. The players created a Broadway-style musical in "Fourplay: The Improvised Musical", which ran during the summer of 2006. Also in 2006, were "You Bet Your Asterisk", an improv game show, and "SAK Request Live".
Seasonal shows at SAK include variations on "Duel of Fools", such as "Love for Fools" (Valentines Day), "Yule of Fools" (Christmas), "Midnight Halloween Torture Show", and "Mardi Gras SAK Style".
Other continuous programs include "Lab Rats", a show for invited graduates of SAK's improv training school, and "Generation S" (Gen S), a showcase of the best of "Lab Rats" and special invitees who are being trained to join the ensemble.
High School League.
In the 2005-2006 school year, SAK Comedy Lab began a high school Improv League for schools in the Orlando area. Members of the league train with a player from the SAK enemble during the Fall and compete in a Spring tournament. In the first year, four teams competed: Pine Castle Christian Academy, Hungerford Preparatory School, Bishop Moore High School, and Winter Springs High School. In the 2006-2007 year, Pine Castle and Bishop Moore returned, with new members Boone High School, Florida International Community School, and Winter Park High School.
"High School League Champions:"
Location.
Originally Sak Theater was located on Church Street in downtown Orlando. SAK moved in the beginning of 2010 to a new location in downtown Orlando, 29 S. Orange Ave. Orlando FL 32801. Previously it was located at 380 W Amelia Ave, which lead to parking difficulties during events at the Amway Arena.
Current Ensemble Members.
The SAK professional ensemble plays Thursdays-Saturdays, Their current cast includes:
Further careers of SAK performers.
Many of SAK's former ensemble members moved on to careers in acting, film, and other performance roles. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="9633451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633451" title="Missouri Governor's Mansion">
Missouri Governor's Mansion

The Missouri Governor's Mansion is a historic U.S. residence in Jefferson City, Missouri. It is located at 100 Madison Street. On May 21, 1969, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The current site on a bluff overlooking the Missouri River was the vicinity of the first Jefferson City Missouri State Capitol building from 1825 to 1837 after the capitol was relocated from St. Charles, Missouri to Jefferson City. The capitol burned in 1837 and was rebuilt at its current site a block to the west.
The current Neo-Renaissance structure was built in 1871 at a cost of $75,000 and has served every governor since. It was renovated extensively during the administration of Governor Kit Bond in the 1980s.
History.
First mansion.
Prior to the relocation of the state capital to Jefferson City, the first governors who were from the St. Louis, Missouri/St. Charles, Missouri area lived in their private homes and if the need arose they rented homes in St. Charles.
The first Jefferson City governor's mansion also doubled as the home for the Missouri General Assembly, with the Missouri House of Representatives meeting on the ground floor, the Missouri State Senate on the second floor and the governor living in two rooms.
The structure, which was 60 by , was completed in November 1826 at a cost of $20,000. The building was designed by Stephen Hills and was modeled on the first Pennsylvania State Capitol in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Hill later designed Academic Hall at the University of Missouri (which are now the landmark columns on the Francis Quadrangle.
Second mansion.
Missouri's second governor Daniel Dunklin after being elected in 1832 refused to move his family to the building. Construction of a new $5,000 mansion began in the autumn of 1833 and was completed in 1834. It was at the end of the same block as the original mansion/capitol. It had dimensions of 48 by and a portico with four. The building survived the November 15, 1837 fire that destroyed the neighboring capitol when wet blankets were applied to the roof of the mansion. 
The mansion suffered a fire in the 1840s during the administration of Thomas Reynolds. Reynolds killed himself in the mansion in 1844. A sofa with pineapple-shaped legs belonging to Reynolds is now one of the oldest pieces of furniture in the current mansion.
Governor Robert Marcellus Stewart initiated a campaign to build a new residence. Stewart rode a horse up the steps into the house and ordered a servant to feed it a peck of oats. Stewart also pardoned all the women in the state prison and had them work in the mansion. The General Assembly allocated $20,000 for a new mansion but, the American Civil War interrupted the plan.
Current mansion.
After B. Gratz Brown assumed office in 1871 several people said they would not come to large gatherings at the mansion because they feared disaster. In March 1871 the Assembly allocated $50,000 for a new mansion. George Ingham Barnett (whose work includes most of the buildings at the Missouri Botanical Garden built for Henry Shaw) was the architect.
Major exterior features of the square, three-story red brick building are the mansard roof and four pink granite columns from Brown's quarry in Iron County, Missouri.
The most striking interior feature is the Grand Stairway carved of walnut.
The first of the major renovations occurred in the 1890s under Governor David Rowland Francis; they included painting the bricks deep red to cover soot stains.
The next major renovation occurred under Lloyd C. Stark in which $55,000 was allocated to replace the columns supporting the Grand Stairway with steel brackets. The exterior was painted white and the Starks donated 3,000 plants from their nursery. 
During Kit Bond's administration in the 1980s the mansion was renovated extensively in an attempt to restore it to an 1871 appearance including the addition of Renaissance Revival style of furniture and restoration of the pink brick exterior.
Tours.
Public tours of the Governor's Mansion are available with 24-hour advance reservations only.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="9633454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633454" title="Chippewa High School">
Chippewa High School

Chippewa High School is a public high school in Doylestown, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Chippewa Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Chipps.
History.
The school was known as Doylestown High School after the Doylestown and Chippewa Township districts merged in 1917, until 1971 when the new high school was built. The name change reflected the trend that most of the district's residents lived within Chippewa Township and not within Doylestown's limits. This is also when they shortened their nickname to the "Chipps", as they felt it was redundant to call themselves the "Chippewa Chippewas". Despite this, many locals still refer to the school as "Doylestown High."
Chippewa's football rivalry with the Rittman High School Indians is the longest-running uninterrupted rivalry in Wayne County, having met every year since 1923. The two rival high schools compete for the "Big Chief Trophy.". Their football rivalry with Dalton High School Bulldogs is the second-longest in the county and has been played every year since 1925 with the exception of three years in the 1940s when Dalton didn't field a team.
Chippewa is one of eight schools that participate in the Wayne County Athletic League.

</doc>
<doc id="9633458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633458" title="Grand Slam of Darts">
Grand Slam of Darts

The Grand Slam of Darts is a darts tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation and is known as the William Hill Grand Slam of Darts for sponsorship purposes. The PDC also invites the best performing players from its rival the British Darts Organisation. There have been two previous head-to-head matches between the champions of the two organisation and a few overseas tournaments have also featured BDO v PDC clashes, but this tournament is the first of its kind to be held in the United Kingdom.
The tournament has been staged each November at the Wolverhampton Civic since it began in 2007. Phil Taylor won the first three finals against Andy Hamilton in 2007, Terry Jenkins in 2008 and Scott Waites in 2009. Taylor did not reach the final in 2010, losing to Steve Beaton in the quarter-finals. Scott Waites won that year, beating James Wade 16–12 in the final having trailed 8–0. Taylor reclaimed the title in 2011, defeating Gary Anderson 16-4. Raymond van Barneveld defeated Michael van Gerwen 16-14 in the 2012 final.
Previous BDO v PDC tournaments.
There have been previous tournaments in which players from both the PDC and BDO have competed. Between 1998 and 2001 several BDO players competed in the World Matchplay – this was as a result of a 1997 Tomlin Order which allowed freedom of players to enter more events. This was later restricted when eligibility rules allowed only Professional Dart Players Association members to compete in the tournament.
The 2005 Masters of Darts was the first tournament to feature the top players from each organisation, and in 2006 and 2007 the Dutch organisers of the International Darts League and World Darts Trophy invited some PDC players to compete alongside BDO players.
Perennial participants.
As the Grand Slam is an invitational tournament for players who have reached major finals and semi-finals, or been the top of their countries' respective rankings, there is a certain degree of prestige attached to qualifying for the tournament, and even more for entrants who qualify multiple times. Seven players have appeared in all seven tournaments so far.
Television coverage.
ITV screened the first four Grand Slam of Darts, which ended their 19 year absence from regular darts coverage (although they did show a one-off Clash of Champions match between Phil Taylor and Raymond van Barneveld in 1999). The inaugural event saw selected first round games, the semi-finals, and the final all screened live on ITV1 and the rest of the tournament live on ITV4 but the live coverage was moved entirely to ITV4 in subsequent years, with highlights packages being the only coverage of the event on ITV1. 
The tournament proved popular on ITV4, with the 2009 event achieving nine out of the top ten places in the channel's output for that week. Viewing figures ranged from 208,000 to 435,000 with the final itself watched by 454,000. ITV extended their contract with the PDC to show the tournament until at least 2010.
The presenting team consisted of lead presenter Matt Smith, and analysts Alan Warriner-Little and Chris Mason (who replaced Steve Beaton in 2008). The commentating team included Stuart Pyke, who also commentates on darts for Sky Sports, boxing commentator John Rawling, and Peter Drury. Janie Omorogbe provides reporting duties and player interviews.
On January 25, 2011, it was announced that Sky Sports would broadcast the event until 2018. 
Sponsorship.
On Monday 24 October 2011 PDC Chairman Barry Hearn confirmed that William Hill, Britain's biggest bookmaker, would be the title sponsor of the 2011 Grand Slam of Darts saying, "We'd like to welcome William Hill as the new title sponsors of the 2011 Grand Slam of Darts and look forward to working with such a well-known and respected brand.
"This tournament brings together the greatest players in darts, who have qualified by virtue of their achievements in major tournaments over a two-year period, and in William Hill we have a sponsor whose stature reflects that."
William Hill Chief Marketing Officer Kristof Fahy said: "The William Hill Grand Slam of Darts is one of the most prestigious tournaments in the world of darts and it's a privilege to be able to put our name to such an event."
Previous sponsors were PartyBets.com (2007) and PartyPoker.com (2008–09), websites operated by Bwin.Party Digital Entertainment, and the Daily Mirror newspaper (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="9633464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633464" title="Joseph T. Bayly">
Joseph T. Bayly

Joseph Tate Bayly (5 April 1920 – 16 July 1986) was an American author and publishing executive. 
Born in Germantown, Pennsylvania, Bayly earned his BA at Wheaton College, Illinois, in 1940, and then entered Faith Theological Seminary to gain his BD in 1945. In 1944, Bayly married Mary Lou DeWalt, a classmate at Wheaton College. Bayly was awarded honorary doctorates from Sterling College and Gordon–Conwell Theological Seminary.
He was initial east coast staff director for InterVarsity Christian Fellowship, editor of "His" magazine, and director of InterVarsity Press. At the time of his death, Bayly was president of David C. Cook Publishing Company of Elgin, Illinois (now located in Colorado Springs, Colorado).
He died at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota.
Among his published works is "The Gospel Blimp", which was adapted for film in 1967.
David and Tim Bayly.
Two of Joseph T. Bayly's sons, David Bayly and Tim Bayly, are Presbyterian Church in America pastors in the United States. The Bayly Brothers are widely known for their writings at "Bayly Blog: Out of our minds too…", named for their father’s column titled "Out of My Mind," published in Eternity magazine from 1961 to 1986. Tim Bayly was Executive Director of the Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood from 1996 to 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9633472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633472" title="Treflach">
Treflach

Treflach is a small village near Oswestry in Shropshire, England. It is in the Oswestry rural parish and lies between two other villages Trefonen and Nantmawr. Together these three villages have a village design statement.

</doc>
<doc id="9633493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633493" title="The Gentleman Thief">
The Gentleman Thief

The Gentleman Thief is a 2001 British television adaptation of the A.J. Raffles stories by Ernest William Hornung. It features performances from Nigel Havers as A. J. Raffles and Michael French as Ellis Bride. It was directed by Justin Hardy.

</doc>
<doc id="9633494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633494" title="Watauga Global Community">
Watauga Global Community

Watauga Residential College (formally Watauga Global Community, and Watauga College) is a residential college founded at Appalachian State University in 1972. Watauga Global Community has an interdisciplinary approach to fulfilling Appalachian's general education requirements. Students live in the Living Learning Center as they complete the two-year program. The program was founded as Watauga College, but was renamed Watauga Global Community in 2008, and Watauga Residential College in 2014. 
Watauga College was first based in Watauga Hall, then for decades was based in East Hall, a large U shaped dormitory on the east end of Campus. The dorm was known campus wide as having the largest rooms of any dorm on the Appalachian campus, yet it was one of the oldest dorms on campus. Upon the completion of the Living Learning Center in 2003, Watauga College relocated and East Hall will either be renovated or destroyed because of the high cost of renovating such an old building.

</doc>
<doc id="9633498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633498" title="La Aventura explosiva">
La Aventura explosiva

La Aventura explosiva is a 1977 Argentine action comedy film directed by Ricardo Bauleo and Orestes Trucco and written by Salvador Valverde Calvo. The film starred Víctor Bó. The cinematography was performed by Juan Carlos Desanzo.

</doc>
<doc id="9633503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633503" title="List of Hindu scriptures">
List of Hindu scriptures

Hinduism is explained through what Swami Vivekananda described as "the accumulated treasury of spiritual laws discovered by different persons in different times."
The scriptures were transmitted orally, in verse form to aid memorization, for many centuries before they were written down. While many of these texts are in Sanskrit, several others have been composed in, or translated into other Indian languages.
__NOTOC__
N.
The Nalayira Divya Prabandham (Tamil: நாலாயிர திவ்ய பிரபந்தம்) is a collection of 4,000 Tamil verses (Naalayira in Tamil means 'four thousand') composed before 8th century AD, by the 12 Alvars, and was compiled in its present form by Nathamuni during the 9th – 10th centuries. The work is the beginning of the canonization of the 12 Vaishnava poet saints, and these hymns are still sung extensively even today. The works were lost before they were collected and organized in the form of an anthology by Nathamuni.

</doc>
<doc id="9633507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633507" title="Anna Korcz">
Anna Korcz

Anna Korcz (born 30 July 1968 in Warszawa, Poland) is a Polish actress.

</doc>
<doc id="9633512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633512" title="Fire at Rig 15">
Fire at Rig 15

"Fire at Rig 15" is the 20th episode of the Supermarionation television series "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons". It was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on on ATV Midlands, was written by Bryan Cooper and directed by Ken Turner.
In this episode, the Mysterons target the oil refinery which provides all the fuel for Spectrum's vehicles in an attempt the immobilise the whole organisation.
Plot.
In the Middle East desert, the Mysterons sabotage an oil drill at Rig 15 by opening a safety valve, releasing a jet of oil which quickly ignites and turns Rig 15 into an inferno. The nearby refinery, Bensheba, is the one source of fuel for the Spectrum Organisation's vehicles. In view of a Mysteron threat to immobilise Spectrum, Colonel White fears that the enemy will attack this fuel supply and dispatches Captains Scarlet and Blue to Rig 15.
On arrival, Scarlet and Blue learn from the controller, Kinley, and his assistant, Hansen, that an explosives expert, Jason Smith, has been called in to "blow out" the fire using a carefully placed charge. However, while Smith positions the device, Captain Black, observing from a distance, uses the Mysteron influence to kill the specialist, who is then reconstructed. The device detonates and the fire is extinguished according to plan.
That night, Black instructs Smith's duplicate to leave in his truck and use his explosives to destroy the Bensheba refinery. The body of the original Smith is discovered the following morning and Scarlet realises that the expert has been taken over by the Mysterons. He requisitions a Spectrum Pursuit Vehicle and pursues Smith as he speeds down a highway leading to Bensheba. Cutting through the desert to catch up with his target, he manages to force Smith off the highway before he reaches the refinery. Smith crashes into a sand dune and his truck explodes, but the SPV collides with a set of oil tanks, fatally injuring Scarlet. Scarlet's body is returned to Cloudbase for his recovery.
Production.
In his original script for "Fire at Rig 15", Bryan Cooper named the Middle East oil refinery as "Bethsheba". Incidental music for this episode was specially recorded on using a 15-musician orchestra, producing a suite called "Rig 15" which has been commercially released on CD. Music for the episode "Shadow of Fear" was also recorded in the four-hour studio session. As originally broadcast, "Fire at Rig 15" is the last episode of "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons" to feature the first, non-lyrical version of Barry Gray's ending theme music, "Captain Scarlet", prior to the introduction of the new version sung by The Spectrum.
Reception.
In "The Guinness Book of Classic British TV", writers Paul Cornell, Martin Day and Keith Topping argue that "Fire At Rig 15" seems to be "little more than leftover "Thunderbirds" scripts".

</doc>
<doc id="9633516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633516" title="South Carolina Governor's Mansion">
South Carolina Governor's Mansion

The South Carolina Governor's Mansion (or the South Carolina Executive Mansion) is a historic U.S. governor's mansion in the Arsenal Hill neighborhood of Columbia, South Carolina and the official residence of the Governor of South Carolina. It is a Federal style home influenced by British Colonial plantations. The building has a white stucco exterior and originally served as faculty quarters for the Arsenal Academy which together with the Citadel Academy in Charleston formed The South Carolina Military Academy (now The Citadel). The Arsenal was burned along with the city of Columbia by Shermans forces in February, 1865; the structure was the only surviving building and became South Carolina's executive mansion in 1868 On June 5, 1970, the building was registered with the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The mansion is located on a single city block, and is surrounded by magnolia plants, elm and oak trees, and various other plants. It is accessed by a circular driveway around a fountain in front on the residence's main entrance. Scott Bolser oversees maintenance of the historic grounds at the mansion. The building has a flat roof and a large central pavilion around the main entrance. The mansion has 15 rooms (excluding powder rooms, security and staff offices, and the kitchen).
History.
1800s.
It is unknown who the building's original architect was, but George Edward Walker, who designed other buildings in the area is believed to have constructed the mansion. The mansion originally served as housing for officers as part of the state-supported Arsenal Military Academy; Columbia was burned by the Union Army commanded by William Tecumseh Sherman in 1865. The mansion was the only surviving building of the former academy complex. Governor James L. Orr designated the building as the official state governor's mansion in 1868. In 1869, $2,500 was used by local architect A. Y. Lee to make the property suitable as an executive residence. However, the money was depleted before the renovation was completed and Governor Robert K. Scott had to relocate into an unfinished house. Since 1868, only three governors of the state have not lived in the mansion, staying instead in their own private residences within Columbia. The first to do so, Daniel Henry Chamberlain, lived in a nearby mansion, most likely because the governor's mansion was in disrepair. The state leased the official residence to a private family who used it as a boardinghouse. Later, in 1886, Governor John Peter Richardson III donated $2,700 to make significant modifications to the building.
1900s.
The building had demonstrated severe structural defects by the end of the 1940s, but only in 1955 did repairs begin, causing George Timmerman and his family to abandon the mansion for one year. The residence received significant landscaping improvements, a driveway, and a walled courtyard during the term of Donald S. Russell, as well as work to improve the building's structural integrity and a complete interior renovation, part of which was funded by the Russells' personal funds. Russell was actually forced to live in one half of the house due to incorrectly installed beams in the ceiling of the drawing room. A single-story guest wing and family dining area was added to the building during the term of Ernest F. Hollings. Governor Robert E. McNair formed a Governor's Mansion Committee, managed by his wife, Josephine McNair. The committee was able to obtain numerous items related to South Carolina's culture and history for the furnishing of the mansion. The commission purchased the adjacent Lace House for $67,000 in 1968, creating the Governor's Mansion Complex. In 1970, the South Carolina state legislature gave the commission the power to review improvements to the complex. In 1977, Ann Edwards, the governor's wife, initiated the Governor's Mansion Foundation, a not-for-profit organization to raise funds to pay for the mansion's historic furnishings. At the same time, the neighboring Caldwell-Boylston House was purchased, which, along with the Lace House, now provides office area, a gift shop, meeting space, and entertainment space. In 1986, all three buildings were connected by a landscaping project, making a complex.
In 1988, more structural defects were exposed from previous repairs, but plans to renovate yet again were not made quickly. During the term of Carroll A. Campbell, the only significant additions to the complex were that of a new guardhouse and second fountain. The renovation project began while David M. Beasley was governor, but was not completed until 2001, with a total cost of over $6 million, which exceeded the $3.7 million allocated by the state. Governor James H. Hodges became the first governor in 120 years not to live in the mansion in 1999.
2000s.
In 2003, Governor Mark Sanford announced that, as a result of a $150,000 budget deficit, the mansion would have to be closed for several months. Sanford said that the state could not afford to pay for the mansion's employees, utilities, and food. He also accused the previous governor, Jim Hodges, of overspending and ending the employment of prison inmates as butlers and maids (after allegations of sexual misconduct between inmates while working at the mansion in 2001), causing the state to have to pay for 11 employees. He also criticized the former governor for misappropriating $100,000 in other funding for the mansion two days before leaving office. However, Hodges said that the money assigned for the mansion had never been enough and that it was usual to use other funds to help maintain the residence. Sanford supporter John Rainey established a relief fund to help the building stay operational. A local company, Adluh Flour, donated grits and other wheat and corn products to the governor. In 2008, improvements to make the building more energy-efficient were completed.

</doc>
<doc id="9633523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633523" title="Killing Floor (novel)">
Killing Floor (novel)

Killing Floor is the debut novel by Lee Child, first published in 1997 by Putnam. The book won the Anthony Award and Barry Award for best first novel. It also is the first book to feature the character Jack Reacher.
Plot summary.
Jack Reacher gets off a Greyhound bus in the fictional town of Margrave, Georgia, because he remembers his brother mentioning that a musician named "Blind Blake" died there. Much to his surprise, he's arrested in a local diner for murder. He meets a detective called Finlay, and tries to prove he was not there when the murder happened. After finding what seems to be a phone number in the dead man's shoe, Finlay rings and tricks a man into telling him his name, Mr. Hubble. They bring Hubble (as he likes to be called) into the police station for questioning and he soon cracks and confesses to the murder, but Reacher doesn't buy it. Both Reacher and Hubble are sent to the state prison and run into more than a little trouble. After a hellraising two days in jail, Roscoe (a female police officer for whom Reacher has begun to have feelings) proves he is innocent and that his claim to have been nowhere near the scene of the murder is true. Roscoe collects Reacher and they return to Margrave to find that chaos has taken over. Reacher discovers the murder victim's identity and realises that he indeed knows him, as he has all his life. Hubble has disappeared and his wife is in hysterics wanting Reacher to find him. It then transpires that Chief Morrison and his wife have been found horribly murdered in their own home. It is revealed later in the story that Margrave is home to a multi-billion dollar counterfeiting operation, which Reacher and his newly formed acquaintances try to destroy.

</doc>
<doc id="9633533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633533" title="Vandanam">
Vandanam

Vandanam is a 1989 Malayalam film directed by Priyadarshan. The film stars Mohanlal, Mukesh, Girija Shettar, Nedumudi Venu, M.G. Soman, Jagadish, Sukumari, Ganesh Kumar, Maniyanpilla Raju, and Cochin Haneefa. This was the follow-up film of Priyadarshan and producer P. K. R. Pillai after the commercially successful "Chithram" (1988).
The story of the film is adapted majorly from the 1987 American film "Stakeout". Priyadarshan later remade it as the Telugu film "Nirnayam" (1991).
Plot.
Professor Kurian Fernandez (Nedumudi Venu), a convict escapes from jail, along with Raghu (Ganesh Kumar), his cell mate. After a failed attempt to chase and nab the duo, the officials draws out several plans to capture both. Police authorities strongly feel that Fernandez will land up in Banglore and may try to meet up with his only daughter. Unnikrishnan (Mohanlal) and K.Purushothaman Nair (Jagadish), two inspectors from Kerala police are sent to Bangalore to follow the activities of Gadha (Girija Shettar), daughter of Fernandez. Upon reaching Bangalore, Unnikrishnan meets Peter (Mukesh), his college mate, who is also now an inspector with Karnataka police. Unnikrishnan and Peter makes up a team and sidelines Purushothaman Nair, who struggles hard to cope up with Kannada language. The police team stays at a room just opposite to where Gadha stays as a paying guests. Gadha, working at an advertisement agency as a copy writer is staying along with Maggie Aunty (Sukumari), who is constantly in fight with her son (Kuthiravattom Pappu). Unnikrishnan and Peter, who are born flirts, are more interested in drinking and playing cards than investigation. K.P.Nair tries to report this to the authorities, but fails in getting both in control. Unnikrishnan slowly develops a crush towards Gadha, which gets transformed into a full fledged passion, but Gadha never accepts it. Unni befriends with Maggie aunty and tries all ways to woo Gadha. Meanwhile Unni and Peter finds out that Fernandez is in the city and is constantly in touch with Gadha. The police commissioner (M. G. Soman) is in all efforts to nab Fernandez. Unnikrishnan decides to use Gadha to reach out Fernandez. Gadha reveals to Unni about the past of Fernandez, when he was a college professor, who was loved and cared by the students. The sincere professor questioned the college authorities on many administration malpractices, which made him a dust in their eyes. The son of the police commissioner was punished by professor, which led to serious fracas in college and authorities were forced to take action on him under severe protests from students. In retaliation, he attacked professor while traveling with a female student. The girl was raped and killed and the professor was falsely convicted in the case. Now, professor is out of jail to avenge on it. Unnikrishnan tries to convince professor with the help of Gadha, but he fails to give up. Meanwhile, an old man, who is a client of the ad agency, where Gadha works, likes her and asks her to join him as his secretary abroad. Gadha, who had by then developed a soft feeling towards Unni lets him to bring his mother (Kaviyoor Ponnamma) to see her. At the same time, Professor succeeds in killing the son of the commissioner. He orders a shoot at sight at Fernandez. Professor goes berserk and loses mental stability and decides to plant a bomb at the city stadium, which might kill hundreds of civilians. Unnikrishnan asks Gadha to make him give up this heinous plan, but he refuses. That evening, Fernandez plants a bomb, but police team under Unnikrishnan corners him and takes him to the tower. Professor, despite repeated requests denies to explain how defuse the bomb. But Unnikrishnan successfully defuses the bomb, thereby saving the lives of hundreds. But Gadha, who actually wanted to join with Unni, couldn't join with him and decides to go with the old man to London. The film ends with both the cars with Gadha and Unni stopping at a junction, when the signal turns green, they move to opposite roads.
Soundtrack.
The songs of this film were composed by Ouseppachan with lyrics penned by Shibu Chakravarthy.

</doc>
<doc id="9633540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633540" title="Die Trying">
Die Trying

Die Trying may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9633565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633565" title="Language production">
Language production

In psycholinguistics, language production is the production of spoken or written language. It describes all of the stages between having a concept, and translating that concept into linguistic form. In computational linguistics/natural language processing and artificial intelligence, the term natural language generation (NLG) is more common, and those models may or may not be psychologically motivated.
Stages of production.
The basic loop occurring in the creation of language consists of the following stages:
Models of production.
Serial model.
A serial model of language production divides the process into several stages. For example, there may be one stage for determining pronunciation and a stage for determining lexical content. The serial model does not allow overlap of these stages, so they may only be completed one at a time.
Connectionist model.
Several researchers have proposed a connectionist model, one notable example being Dell . According to his connectionist model, there are four layers of processing and understanding: semantic, syntactic, morphological, and phonological. These work in parallel and in series, with activation at each level. Interference and misactivation can occur at any of these stages. Production begins with concepts, and continues down from there. One might start with the concept of a cat: a four-legged, furry, domesticated mammal with whiskers, etc. This conceptual set would attempt to find the corresponding word {cat}. This selected word would then select morphological and phonological data /k / at/. The distinction of this model is that, during this process, other elements would also be primed ({rat} might be somewhat primed, for example), as they are physically similar, and so can cause conceptual interference. Errors might also occur at the phoneme level, as many words are phonetically similar, e.g. mat. Substitutions of similar consonant sounds are more likely to occur, e.g. between plosive stop consonants such as d, p and b. Lower primed words are less likely to be chosen, but interference is thought to occur in cases of early selection, where the level of activation of the target and interference words is at the same level. 
Aspects of production.
Fluency.
Can be defined in part by prosody, which is shown by a smooth intonation contour, and a number of other elements: control of speech rate, relative timing of stressed and unstressed syllables, changes in amplitude, and changes in fundamental frequency
Research into production.
There are two main types of research into speech production. One type focuses on using the analysis of speech errors. The other looks at reaction-time data from picture-naming latencies. Although originally disparate, these two methodologies are generally looking at the same underlying processes of speech production.
Speech errors.
Analysis of speech errors has found that not all are random, but rather systematic and fall into several categories. Although speech production is very fast, (2 words per second) the error rate of the utterances are relatively rare (less than 1/1000) and those errors are categorized as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9633566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633566" title="Digital terrestrial television in Sweden">
Digital terrestrial television in Sweden

Digital terrestrial television was launched in Sweden in 1999. The shutdown of the analogue equivalent started on September 19, 2005, and was finalized on October 29, 2007.
The network uses the DVB-T-standard and broadcasts several free-to-air and encrypted channels on a number of multiplexes. The majority of the channels are encrypted and viewing them requires a decoding card from Boxer TV Access (commonly referred to as "Boxer") which, as of 2007, is the only company allowed to sell decoding cards.
History.
On April 9, 1997, the Swedish Riksdag decided that digital terrestrial television (DTT) was to be introduced in Sweden. In June 1998, the government decided which channels were to broadcast in the network. The channels that received a national license were: TV3, Kanal 5, Canal+, Kunskaps-TV i Sverige (to be K World), TV8 and Cell Internet Commerce Development (eTV) in addition to SVT1, SVT24 and TV4. Originally, only two multiplexes were planned and therefore SVT2 was omitted. However, before the launch a third multiplex was decided on and SVT2 would be allowed to broadcast.
Two companies were created to handle the encryption services, as all channels would be encrypted: Senda i Sverige who managed the system and decoding cards and Boxer who rented out set-top-boxes.
The digital terrestrial television network was launched on April 1, 1999, making Sweden the second country in Europe to launch digital terrestrial television. It then contained only SVT1, SVT2 and SVT24. Five regional SVT channels launched some months later.
Private companies didn't launch until the autumn when TV3, TV4, Kanal 5, TV8, K World, Canal+ and eTV launched. Canal+ were granted two extra licenses to broadcast Canal+ Gul and Canal+ Blå. Boxer started their business in the autumn.
The take-up was slow at first. When the network had been running for six months, only about 500 households had rented the necessary set-top-boxes.
New licenses were granted in January 2000. A fourth multiplex was launched in the spring. After this, the DTT network looked like this:
MTG said they weren't allowed to use commercial breaks in the terrestrial network. The commercial break were replaced by captions. Kanal 5 did however continue broadcasting their commercial breaks as they did on satellite. In January 2001, MTG introduced an extra fee of 115 SEK for TV3, ZTV and TV8 to cover the losses made as they didn't broadcast advertising.
In June 2001, MTG decided to cease their terrestrial broadcasts in August, which they did. As they didn't broadcast anything at all, the license was taken back, making MTG claim that they were thrown out of the DTT network.
The five MTG were replaced by other channels during the autumn of 2001: Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, MTV Nordic, Nickelodeon/VH1 and Eurosport. TV4 were granted a license to broadcast CNN International.
During 2002, both eTV and K World went bankrupt. The SVT regional channels were closed down and replaced by an event channel called SVT Extra. NonStop Television started broadcasting a channel called E! in the autumn. Senda and Boxer merged on October 1, 2002, to form the new Boxer TV Access.
In December 2002, SVT launched the children's channel Barnkanalen followed in February 2003 by a relaunch of SVT24. TV4 launched their first major digital channel TV4 Plus, now Sjuan, in March.
During 2003 and 2004 the sale of set-top-boxes increased after several years of financial difficulties.
The shutdown of the analogue network was decided on in the spring of 2003.
In 2004 the launch of a fifth multiplex and more efficient compression made it possible to allow more channels to launch: Disney Channel, TV3, ZTV, TV4 Film, TV8, TCM, BBC World, Discovery Travel & Adventure and Showtime. This meant that MTG returned to the DTT network. They did broadcast free-to-air for some months, but in August they decided to scramble their broadcasts. 2004 also saw the launch of Kunskapskanalen from SVT and UR. At the end of 2004, the DTT networked looked like this:
In early 2005, TV8 was moved to MUX 3 which had higher coverage than MUX 5, which at start only covered 50 percent of the households. Several changes were made to the local programmes during 2005. TV4 started making their local stations available in the digital network (previously TV4 Stockholm was shown nationwide) and SVT started providing an alternative local output so the viewer could choose to watch a neighbouring region. New regional commercial channels started: ByTV Jämtland in Jämtland and Kanal Lokal in Stockholm, Göteborg and Skåne.
On September 19, 2005, the island of Gotland became the first region to have its analogue transmitters turned off. This continued during the autumn when the Gävle and Motala transmitters were shut down.
The fact that only the SVT channels, TV4 and the local channels were available free-to-air was a problem during the switch-off as those affected didn't feel they got enough in return for the trouble of having to buy set-top-boxes and in some cases a new antenna.
When new licenses for 2006 were pending, the Minister of Education and Culture Leif Pagrotsky stated that those broadcasters who were going to broadcast free-to-air would be more likely to receive a new license. New licenses were awarded in February 2006. This meant that:
In June 2006, SVT and TV4 did broadcast the 2006 FIFA World Cup in high-definition on temporary frequencies from a few transmitters. Those frequencies were taken back when the World Cup ended.
In December 2006, the new right-wing government decided that a sixth multiplex would be taken into regular use, initially only to secure that the broadcasts of TV Finland would be secured when the transmitter of the capital region was turned off.
The Boxer monopoly on pay television was criticized by the European Commission and on October 17, 2006, it announced would be taking Sweden to the European Court of Justice as the country had failed to abolish the monopoly.
SBS Broadcasting decided to replace ONE Television with a new channel called Kanal 9 in February 2007. With the launch of Kanal 9, they were allowed to adjust the Kanal 9/The Voice TV timeshare.
On May 26, 2007, SVT HD was launched on the remaining capacity of the multiplex that broadcast TV Finland, broadcasting HDTV programmes from four transmitters around the capital using MPEG-4 AVC compression.
On March 27, 2008, new broadcasts licenses were announced by the Radio and TV Authority (RTVV). This was the first time that the RTVV issued broadcast licenses and not government. New channels granted national licenses were Comedy Central, Discovery Science, Jetix, National Geographic Channel, Showtime, TV4 Sport, TV1000 and Viasat Sport 1. In addition, new regional licenses were given to 24nt, 24 Västra Götaland, Borås Tidning TV, Kanal 12 and ST TV as well as Kanal Lokal in Dalarna, Gävleborg, Jämtland, Norrbotten, Västernorrland, Småland and Blekinge.
Out of the new channels, Discovery Science, National Geographic Channel, Showtime, Jetix, TV1000 and Viasat Sport 1 would be put in the new sixth national multiplex. I addition, BBC World and Discovery Travel & Living would move to this multiplex. The new multiplex would use the newer H.264/MPEG-4 AVC compression which would allow ten channels to broadcast from one network simultaneously, as opposed to the older, less efficient, MPEG-2 used by the existing multiplexes.
Some channels got new broadcasting hours. Axess TV could start broadcasting the entire week, Aftonbladet TV7 and Canal 7 would timeshare so TV7 broadcast during the daytime and Canal 7 during the evening and night, VH1 got to broadcast between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m., Nickelodeon had its hours extended, reducing those of Star!.
The new licenses also stipulated that TV7, The Voice TV and Star! would have to move to the sixth multiplex on January 1, 2009. This makes TV7, Canal 7, Kanal 9, The Voice TV and Star! to become 24-hour channels and also provides the space where Comedy Central will broadcast.
As of 2010 the following line up is as follow:

</doc>
<doc id="9633569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633569" title="Michiel Sweerts">
Michiel Sweerts

Michiel Sweerts (29 September 1618 – 1664), also known as Michael Sweerts, was a Flemish painter of the Baroque period, active in Rome (1645–1656) in the style of the "Bamboccianti". The Bamboccianti were known for depicting genre scenes of daily life, but Sweerts's contributions to this genre display greater stylistic mastery and social-philosophical sensitivity than many of his colleagues in this "school." Highly successful in Rome during his years there, Sweerts's reputation suffered a severe collapse not long after his death, lasting centuries; but thanks especially to the 2002 international monographic exhibition devoted entirely to him, "Michael Sweerts: 1618–1664", he has begun once again to enjoy the esteem his work clearly merits.
Biography.
Born in Brussels, he arrived in Rome in 1646, and rapidly moved into the circle of Flemish and Dutch painters associated with Pieter van Laer (leader of the so-called "Bamboccianti" painters) and that resided near Santa Maria del Popolo. In 1647, he attended meetings of the Accademia di San Luca, although not as a member. Despite the fragmentary nature of evidence pertaining to his career in Rome and the post-mortem eclipse of his reputation, we know that Sweerts succeeded in creating for himself a sufficiently exalted reputation in the city so as to enter into the service of the ruling papal family itself, the Pamphilj, more specifically, Camillo Pamphilj, nephew of reigning Pope Innocent X who, at the encouragement of Camillo, bestowed upon Sweerts the papal title of "Cavaliere di Cristo", the same honor enjoyed by the likes of Gian Lorenzo Bernini and Francesco Borromini. Despite working in the highest echelons of papal patronage in Rome, sometime between 1652 and 1654, for reasons unknown Sweerts left the Eternal City and returned to the North, and by 1656, he had returned to Brussels, where he joined the painter's guild. He joined the Paris Foreign Missions Society as a lay brother and became a devout Christian. In 1658 he made the guild a self-portrait as a farewell gift and moved to Amsterdam, where he would oversee the building of a ship for travel with the aforementioned "Missions Étrangères" to Alexandretta and then to the East.
Travel to East.
As a member of the Foreign Missions Society, he sailed east in January 1662 from Marseilles to Alexandretta with bishop François Pallu, 7 priests and another lay brother. Travelling to Aleppo (Syria), and from there to Tabriz in Persia, he was dismissed by the Society after causing too much trouble to those around him at the end of June 1662. The missionaries go on to Isfahan, he left to Goa. He died two years later in Goa (India).
Extant Works.
The surviving works by Sweerts, most of them dating to his residence in Rome, amount to about forty canvases. They can be broadly divided into two categories, scenes of the everyday, humble life of ordinary people (so-called "genre painting") and portraits of both known and unknown persons. Sweerts's genre scenes include several depicting artists at work in their studios or elsewhere and are thus valuable visual evidence for the work habits of seventeenth-century Roman artists. His pious series, "The Seven Works of Mercy", also serves in effect as genre scenes, while illustrating for moral-didactic purposes the Christian corporal works of charity. In his portraits Sweerts proves himself a master as good as any of his best contemporaries in the field: his exquisite Head of a Woman of ca. 1654, now at the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles, is a noteworthy example of his ability to capture the lively and distinctive humanity of even his most humble, anonymous subjects.
In a class entirely by itself is Sweerts's monumental masterpiece of ca. 1652-54, Plague in An Ancient City, now in the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. Although not without its flaws, it is generally recognized as Sweerts's greatest work in terms not only of size, compositional complexity, and technical achievement, but also historical-archeological erudition. Hence Pierre Rosenberg (former director of the Louvre Museum of Paris) included it in his 2006 catalogue, "Only in America: One Hundred Paintings in American Museums Unmatched in European Collections." A haunting, dramatic vision of the ravages of the bubonic plague, Sweerts's "Plague in an Ancient City" is clearly an attempt by the artist at proving his talent both in the depiction of a historical scene of epic proportions that encompasses a broad range of emotional-psychological states (the so-called "affetti") and in imitation of the grand classicizing style of his older French contemporary and fellow-resident in Rome, Nicolas Poussin (1594–1665), one of the greatest masters of Baroque art. The precise subject and meaning of the work have long eluded art historians and other scholars, the general consensus being that the work was simply a generic depiction of the effects of the plague with no specific historical or moral or narrative meaning. That view has been overturned recently by the detailed visual and historical analysis of scholar Franco Mormando who has succeeded in deciphering the meaning of the canvas, both in terms of the specific historical plague therein represented and the probable intent (political-religious message) of the artist in recalling such a scene in mid-century Baroque Rome.
Legacy.
Sweerts is an enigmatic and difficult artist to categorize, since he seems to have absorbed a variety of influences to create an eclectic hybrid that can be described as a Netherlandish genre adaptation of an early tenebrist styles: a blend of Vermeer's genre of painting and Caravaggio-influenced full bodied figures. His "portrait of a young girl" hangs near the "girl with a pearl earring" by Vermeer in the Mauritshuis.
He was the teacher of Willem Reuter.

</doc>
<doc id="9633573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633573" title="Applicator">
Applicator

An applicator may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9633576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633576" title="Peisistratus (Odyssey)">
Peisistratus (Odyssey)

Peisistratus or Peisistratos or Pisistratus (; ), was a figure in Greek mythology, the youngest son of Nestor. He became an intimate friend of Telemachus, son of Odysseus, and travelled with him on his unsuccessful search for his father ("Odyssey" III, 36, 400). Like Telemachus, Peisistratus was only a small boy when his father (and brothers Antilochus and Thrasymedes) left to fight in the Trojan War.

</doc>
<doc id="9633614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633614" title="Delay equalization">
Delay equalization

In signal processing, delay equalization corresponds to adjusting the relative phases of different frequencies to achieve a constant group delay, using by adding an all-pass filter in series with an uncompensated filter. Clever machine-learning techniques are now being applied to the design of such filters.

</doc>
<doc id="9633629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633629" title="Dalton High School (Ohio)">
Dalton High School (Ohio)

Dalton High School is a public high school in Dalton, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Dalton Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Bulldogs. The principal of the school is Mr. Larry Case.
Athletics.
Dalton's football team has a long rivalry with both the Chippewa High School Chipps and the Rittman High School Indians, both of which run back to their first meetings in 1925 and 1924 respectively. This dates back to when the Wayne County B League only had four teams from Apple Creek, Doylestown (Chippewa), Rittman, and Dalton. Had Dalton fielded a team for three years in the 1940s and if Rittman had remained in the league through the 40s and 50s, both rivalries would most likely be more contiguous than the Orrville-Wooster rivalry. The Chippewa rivalry is the second-most played rivalry in Wayne County after Chippewa/Rittman. 
Due to the recent success of all three teams, Dalton's strongest rivalry games as of late have been with the Smithville High School Smithies and the Waynedale High School Golden Bears. All three schools have combined to either share or outright win the WCAL football title 49 times from 1955-2013, and in that time frame there have only been 16 seasons where none of the three have had a hand in a football championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9633639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633639" title="Protective finishing coat">
Protective finishing coat

A protective finishing coat is a substance or chemical composition applied to the surface of an object that provides a barrier of protection from external elements. Polishes use a highly refined abrasive (generally finer than 4,000 grit) that is suspended in a liquid carrier. The polish wears away the surface to create a smooth surface. The smoother the surface the higher the resulting gloss or perceived "shine". A protective finishing coat is applied after polishing to preserve the surface and help resist further oxidation or weathering. Effective finishing coatings penetrate the surface pores and use these pores to which the protective film anchors to.

</doc>
<doc id="9633645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633645" title="Ashton Vale">
Ashton Vale

Ashton Vale is a suburb located in the Bedminster ward of Bristol, United Kingdom. It is located in the very south-western edge of the city. Ashton Vale is a mixture of residential and light industry.
It is served by Ashton Vale Primary School.
Ashton Vale was the home of British Cellophane in the 1980s.
The Portishead Railway runs along the eastern edge of the suburb and the Bristol to Taunton Line along the south. The nearest station is Parson Street railway station. It is also near the proposed Ashton Gate railway station.
Sport.
Bristol City F.C. are planning to build a stadium in the area, to be called Bristol City Stadium to replace Ashton Gate Stadium. However the land nearby is used for recreational purposes and residents have proposed that the land should be classified as a village green. The decision for the development plans was to be decided in late 2013 but plans have been postponed pending development of Ashton Gate Stadium.
Ashton Vale is the base of Bristol Indoor Bowls Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9633649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633649" title="Peisistratus of Orchomenus">
Peisistratus of Orchomenus

Peisistratus or Peisitratos or Pisistratus (; Ancient Greek: Πεισίστρατος) was king of Arcadian Orchomenus at the time of the Peloponnesian War, who became the object of the hatred of the oligarchical party, and was murdered in an assembly of the senate. To avoid detection his body was cut to pieces, and the parts of it carried away by the senators under their robes. Tlesimachus, the son of Peisistratus, who was privy to the conspiracy, quieted the populace, who were incensed at the disappearance of their king, by a story of his having appeared to him in a superhuman form after he had left the earth. (Plut. "Parall." vol. ii. p. 313, b.)

</doc>
<doc id="9633678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633678" title="Baptist Mills, Bristol">
Baptist Mills, Bristol

Baptist Mills an area of the city of Bristol, England. The name derives from the former mills which stood in that area.
Geology.
The solid geology of Baptist Mills comprises Triassic Redcliffe Sandstone, which is overlain by superficial deposits of Quaternary alluvium in the floodplain of the Horfield Brook and the River Frome.
History.
Baptist Mills is so named from the mills that once stood there. A grist (flour) mill is recorded in this area in a document written in 1470, and again in 1610, when they are marked on Chester and Master's Map of Kingswood.
The mills were converted to brass mills by the Bristol Brass Company, formed in 1702 by Abraham Darby, Edward lloyd, John Andrews, and Arthur Thomas. In 1706, further partners were admitted, the business becoming an early unincorporated joint stock company with a capital of £8000. While there, Darby recruited skilled 'Dutchmen' to operate a brass battery with trip hammers. He may also have recruited men skilled in sand moulding as opposed to the loam moulding hitherto used in England. Darby was the active partner in the business, but later withdrew to concentrate on his new ironfounding business at Coalbrookdale.
Brass production at the Baptist Mills Brass Works ceased in 1814, and in 1839 parts of the former brass works were acquired Joseph and James White, who established a factory manufacturing "Egyptian Black" pottery, Rockingham teapots and clay tobacco pipes. By 1861 the business was known as the Phoenix Pottery. The pottery closed at some point after 1891.
The last remains of the brass works were destroyed when Junction 3 of the M32 Motorway was constructed in the early 1970s. However, slag blocks made from waste from the works can be found in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="9633694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633694" title="Northwestern High School (West Salem, Ohio)">
Northwestern High School (West Salem, Ohio)

Northwestern High School is a public high school in West Salem, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Northwestern Local Schools district. Their nickname is the Huskies.
History.
Northwestern was created in 1951 from a merger of the school districts in Chester Township, Congress, and West Salem. The school name came from the district's northwestern location within Wayne County. Chester basketball coach Roy Bates chose the school colors of blue and gray, which were the result of having to make do with the basketball uniforms of Chester (blue) and Congress (gray). Bates would also become the basketball coach at Northwestern, and he also picked the nickname of "Huskies" as well.
Athletics.
Northwestern is one of eight high schools that compete in the Wayne County Athletic League.

</doc>
<doc id="9633705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633705" title="In His Image (novel)">
In His Image (novel)

In His Image is the first third of the Christ Clone Trilogy, by James BeauSeigneur.
Plot.
On a trip to Turin to analyse the Shroud of Turin, journalist Decker Hawthorne and Professor Harry Goodman discover human dermal cells remaining. After the trip, Goodman takes some samples back to his laboratory, in the United States, and discovers that they are still alive. He then invites Decker to show him his discoveries. Once Decker arrives, Goodman explains several of his theories about the cells, and has engineered a strain of "C Cells" which are incredibly resilient to damage and disease. Goodman is actively searching for ways these C Cells could be implemented to insert into one's body to cure disease, due to their strange properties and signs of immortality. Then the professor proposes to Decker the idea of cloning the cells, but Decker does not support this idea.
Some years pass and Decker visits professor Goodman with one of his two daughters. While Hawthorne and Goodman talk for some time, Decker's daughter meets and interacts with the Goodmans' adopted son, Christopher. On the way back home, Decker deduces Christopher's origin. He immediately returns to Goodman's home and confronts him about Christopher being the Clone of Jesus Christ. Goodman explains that Christopher is like any usual boy, but that he shows a high degree of intelligence and has never suffered from disease of any kind. He convinces Decker not to do a story or Christopher's life will be ruined. Before leaving, Decker assumes out loud that Goodman named the child "Christopher" because of Jesus Christ, of whom he was cloned; but the professor rapidly corrects him, claiming that he named him in name of Christopher Colombus, since he believed that the child would usher the world into a new era.
Several years later, Decker visits Israel on business and stays with old friends, Joshua and Ilyana Rosen. There he learns lots of things about the historical place and its notable culture. During his visit, Decker receives an anonymous phone call saying that "Dogs will cry, but their tears will find no place to land" following the shootings of several Palestinians by Israeli troops in a riot. He immediately calls the police and they tell him that the call must have come from Muslim terrorists, making a threat of some kind of massacre or attack against the Jews (to which the callers referred to as "the dogs"), but they remain uncertain about where they plan to attack. Decker realizes that the terrorists who called him were referring to The Wailing Wall when they said that the Jews tears would have "no place to land". He rushes to the historical site, just in time to watch it blow up entirely. He saves a young boy from being killed by the blast. In retaliation for the destruction of The Western Wall, Israel destroys the Dome of the Rock and retakes the Temple Mount.
Decker later goes to check on the boy, but he is kidnapped by terrorists, along with his companion journalist and long time friend and confidant, Tom Donafin. They are held captive in an unknown building in Lebanon. He and Tom remain imprisoned for three years. Decker and Tom escape, after one day Decker had a dream of Christopher Goodman, who leads him to the exit. In the dream his captors are dispatched and lie throughout the building. Decker reminds the Dream Christopher that Tom was also held prisoner, and Christopher absent-mindedly shows Decker where he is. Upon waking Decker discovers that his door is unlocked and his captors were dispatched in the same fashion as in his dream, and Tom was right where Christopher had shown him. Decker and Tom then make their escape into the countryside where they are rescued by United Nations troops under none other than the Secretary General, Jon Hansen, with whom Decker forms an instant friendship and bond. They are housed temporarily in Israel, which is under attack by Russians, until it is safe for them to fly home. Transport is arranged for them to get out of the besieged city, however a dogfight in progress causes Tom and Decker to exit the car to document the duel and Tom tries to get pictures. The car, the driver and Tom are hit by a blast from one of the fighter planes. Decker survives, and Tom is assumed dead. It is revealed that Tom, however, does not die. He is stricken blind, however, from the explosion and from flying glass. Decker is informed that Tom's body was never found and he is presumed dead.
Decker is finally reunited with his family, and they return to the United States while Decker recovers from captivity. During his recovery period, there is a worldwide catastrophe that seemingly has no explanation. Millions of people wake up next to dead loved ones, and often whole families have died. This event is called "The Disaster" by most people, however sudden converts to Christianity begin to call it The Rapture. Decker's entire family, along with his friends abroad, The Rosens, perish in the tragedy. Some collateral damage is also suffered: people driving cars suddenly die and their cars careen out of control; some commercial airline pilots die and their planes crash; and other damage occurs. Decker buries his family, and then falls into a catatonic stupor as the weight of his loss consumes him. Later Christopher Goodman arrives at Decker's house explaining that his adoptive parents died in a plane crash piloted by a casualty of the Disaster. Decker shakes off his catatonia and invites Christopher to stay with him, and Christopher becomes his new family.
Jon Hansen offers Decker a position as his assistant at the United Nations, where Christopher encounters Robert Milner, a retired Secretary General who is heavily involved in occult practices, and recognizes Christopher as one who has been prophesied in New Age Councils to usher in a new era of peace and prosperity and enhanced consciousness for mankind. Alice Bernley (a thinly veiled reference to Alice Bailey - an actual noted Theosophist), a confidant of Milner's also sees and recognizes Christopher and they befriend him, and Milner assumes the role of mentor to Christopher, not only in politics, but in a worldwide New Age movement. Meanwhile, Jon Hansen has been working on an ambitious project to reorganize the United Nations to better handle operations, and in light of the recent Disaster (The Rapture), he has almost open reign to do what he sees necessary. 
The UN is restructured with a central government led by the Secretary General, and ten Regional Divisions which include Oceania and Asia, Europe, Africa and the Middle East, the Americas, etc. Each of these regions is led by a Primary Regent who is backed up by an Alternate who serves as proxy when the Primary is absent. Israel is the only nation on earth that refuses to join the UN because Israel's regional partners are all Arab nations that would force them into an extremely unfavorable position of lacking representation within the UN. Meanwhile, Christian Fundamentalists, citing various prophecies in the Biblical Book of Revelation, identify Hansen as the Antichrist or "The Beast". This, however, quickly ends as Jon Hansen tragically dies when his helicopter crashes in Pakistan during a fact finding mission. The Office of Secretary General falls vacant and remains vacant. None of the Ten Regents believe there was anyone to be a suitable replacement for the extremely charismatic, popular and altruistic Hansen. A rotation schedule is established where each Primary Regent serves as Acting Secretary General for a month. It is deemed that this cycle will continue until a unanimous agreement can be made for Hansen's replacement. Unanimous consent is proven to be almost impossible.
Years pass, and Christopher has been elected as the European Alternate Regent. Under the tutelage of Milner and Bernley, Christopher has embraced his spiritual nature, and Decker has provided him with pragmatic and political guidance. Under machinations of Milner and with the cooperation of various groups such as Freemasons and the Knights Templar with the funding from an occult clearinghouse known as The Lucius Trust (a thinly veiled reference to The Lucis Trust), Christopher comes into possession of The Ark of the Covenant. He gives the Ark to Israel as a gift. and in exchange he wants Israel to sign a treaty with the UN. A seven-year treaty is signed promising Israel that they will not be impeded by their neighbors, and UN recognizes their right to exist. When it is proven that the Ark is authentic - proven as Alice Bernley dies from looking inside - Israel agrees, joins the United Nations, and The Ark is placed in the New Temple that was built on the Temple Mount (previously retaken by Israel after the destruction of The Wailing Wall).
Albert Faure (renamed to Albert Moore in later printings), an extremely aggressive and deft manipulator - as well as the Primary Regent of Europe - sets in motion a plan that he hopes will gain him the position of Secretary General. Meanwhile, Christopher, following a Spirit guide sets off into the desert for guidance after a series of extremely unsettling dreams about God and an impending feeling of global doom. When Christopher's journey into the desert nears its completion (after 40 days and 40 nights), Milner leads Decker to the desert where he says they will encounter Christopher who will need their assistance. 
Christopher's "vision quest" has revealed Faure's plan to him, and he intends to stop it. However, they learn that Christopher is too late, because Faure's plan has already culminated in several strategic assassinations, as well as the declaration and execution of the China-India-Pakistan war, a nuclear conflict that lasts a single day, yet ends with hundreds of millions of casualties. No clear winner was declared or recognized in this war; however, Moore uses the incident to catapult himself into a position of power, at which time he forces a vote for Secretary General. He expects unanimous consent due to bribery, force, blackmail and threats against the other Regents, and he is widely expected to win.
Just as the vote for Secretary General is under way, Christopher shows up at the United Nations and announces that Faure was responsible for the assassinations and is the single man who is responsible for the deaths of hundreds of millions in the China-India-Pakistan war. Faure denies this, but Christopher insists, and commands Faure to confess. Seemingly under the power of Christopher Goodman, Faure does confess, and then immediately drops dead in front of everyone at the United Nations. It is concluded that Faure died under the weight of his own guilt, but Decker and Robert Milner realize that Christopher has extraordinary powers and he was beginning to exercise them.

</doc>
<doc id="9633717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633717" title="Lopez v. Gonzales">
Lopez v. Gonzales

Lopez v. Gonzales, 549 U.S. 47 (2006), held that an "aggravated felony" includes only conduct punishable as a felony under the "federal" Controlled Substances Act, regardless of whether state law classifies such conduct as a felony or a misdemeanor. Under federal law, there are two main consequences of having a prior conviction for an "aggravated felony." One is that, if the convicted person is an alien, he will be deported. The other is that, with respect to certain federal crimes, a prior conviction for an aggravated felony provides a sentencing enhancement. In this case, Lopez had been convicted of conduct that was a felony under South Dakota law but was a misdemeanor under federal law. Accordingly, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that this conviction could not serve as a basis for deporting him.
Background.
Lopez entered the United States illegally from Mexico in 1986, but became a lawful permanent resident in 1990. In 1997, he pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting the possession of cocaine in a South Dakota court, and served 15 months in prison. When he was released, the INS sought to deport him because, it claimed, he had been convicted of a controlled substances violation and an "aggravated felony." An Immigration Judge ordered him deported, and the Board of Immigration Appeals ultimately affirmed that decision. Lopez petitioned for review in the Eighth Circuit, which the court denied. Because there was a conflict in the federal courts of appeals on how to classify crimes such as Lopez's, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case.
Opinion of the Court.
Justice Souter wrote for the majority. As is frequently the case with regard to immigration cases, the Court had to examine the interplay of federal and state laws that are complex in their phrasing. Under the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA), an aggravated felony includes "illicit trafficking in a controlled substance... including a drug trafficking crime (as defined in section 924(c) of Title 18)." (a)(43)(B). A "drug trafficking crime," in turn, refers to "any felony punishable under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ( "et seq.")." The term "aggravated felony" "applies to an offense whether in violation of Federal of State law and applies to such an offense in violation of the law of a foreign country for which the term of imprisonment was completed within the previous 15 years."
Under South Dakota law, aiding and abetting the possession of cocaine is equivalent to possessing cocaine, and that crime is a felony. Mere possession is "not" a felony under the CSA unless the amount of the drug possessed is greater than that normally kept for personal use. Where federal law treats certain conduct as a misdemeanor, and state law treats that same conduct as a felony, does that conduct constitute an "aggravated felony" or not? To answer this question, the Court had to parse the phrase "any felony punishable under the Controlled Substances Act."
The Government argued that Lopez's South Dakota conviction qualified as an aggravated felony because it was (1) a felony, because South Dakota law made it a felony; that (2) was punishable under the CSA, because it is a crime under the CSA to possess a controlled substance, albeit a misdemeanor. This interpretation ignored the fact that to qualify as an "aggravated felony," the crime in question had to relate to trafficking in a controlled substance. Possession is not trafficking, the Court reasoned, because possession lacks a connection to commerce. "Reading § 924(c) the Government's way, then, would turn simple possession into trafficking, just what the English language tells us not to expect, and that result makes us very wary of the Government's position."
As the INA provides, all "felonies punishable under the Controlled Substances Act" are drug trafficking crimes; thus, the place to go to determine what crimes are "felonies punishable under the Controlled Substances Act" is the Act itself. The term "aggravated felony" is one of federal law, and the Supreme Court is the ultimate arbiter of the meaning of federal law, including the meaning of words Congress uses when it crafts statutes. Congress could have expressly relied on state law to classify crimes as aggravated felonies. Since it did not, the Court reasoned, the class of crimes that constitute aggravated felonies must be defined in federal law. Hence, "unless a state offense is punishable as a federal felony it does not count" as an "aggravated felony." 
In the Court's opinion, Government's gloss on the statutory phrase was not consistent with ordinary English usage. Because the words "punishable under the Controlled Substances Act" followed directly after the word "punishable," the Court reasoned that the most sensible meaning of the phrase was "a felony punishable "as such" by the Controlled Substances Act." 
The Government pointed out that the term "aggravated felony" applies to any offense "whether in violation of Federal or State law." This qualification, it argued, showed that Congress intended for state law to determine whether conduct qualified as an aggravated felony. The Court read this language in the opposite way the Government did. But this gloss would "wrench[] the expectations raised by normal English usage." This qualifying language "confirms that a state offense whose elements include the elements of a felony punishable under the CSA is an aggravated felony." Furthermore, the fact that the Government had never prosecuted anyone under § 924(c) where the underlying "drug trafficking crime" was a state felony but a federal misdemeanor belied the Government's interpretation. Moreover, the Government's interpretation would make "federal" immigration law dependent on the vagaries of "state" criminal law, at least with respect to alien removal and eligibility for asylum. If Congress had meant the term "aggravated felony" to bear some generic meaning, and thus to depend to some extent on state law, it would not have expressly referenced another federal statute, such as § 924(c), in defining this category of aggravated felony. Put another way, it was not clear that Congress intended that a state conviction for felony possession of up to 30 grams of marijuana—a crime treated as a misdemeanor under federal law—should count as an aggravated felony while a state conviction for misdemeanor possession of 5 grams of cocaine—a crime treated as a felony under federal law—should not.
Dissenting opinion.
Justice Thomas accepted the Government's interpretation of the phrase "felony punishable under the Controlled Substances Act." Because Lopez's crime was a felony under South Dakota law, and the CSA provided for punishment for his crime, he had committed an aggravated felony. "The classification a crime as a felony or a misdemeanor depends only on the authorized term of imprisonment."

</doc>
<doc id="9633732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633732" title="Plastic headlight restoration">
Plastic headlight restoration

Plastic headlight restoration is the act of refinishing aged headlight lenses that have succumbed to headlamp oxidation and other environmental hazards of travel, weather, and exposure to caustic chemicals. This condition which results in cloudy lenses is known for causing reduced night time visibility for travelers as the condition becomes worse. Because cloudy headlights can be restored to a like new condition, it is much more economical to restore the headlight lens, rather than replace the lens. There is an increasing number of professional headlight restoration services that charge approximately $60 to $125 to restore both headlights on a vehicle. Replacing the lens can be much more expensive. For example, some brand new headlight lens assemblies can cost over $250 each (plus the labor to replace the lens). There are many do it yourself headlight restoration kits available on the market, however, most of the kits do not restore the headlights nearly as well as an expert headlight restoration service. The main reason for this is because most of the do it yourself kits do not include the proper tools or techniques needed for professional results. Furthermore, some professional headlight restoration shops are applying a urethane or acrylic clear coat to help protect the plastic lens from UV exposure after the headlight lens is restored. 
There are many "do it yourself" headlight restoration kits available for purchase. A few of the major brands that produce these "kits" include 3M, Turtle Wax, Sylvania, Headlight Wizard, Meguiar's, Mothers, and Rain-X. Most of these kits require multiple stages of wet sanding to remove the oxidation of the headlight lens, usually with ascending level of grit. Some kits include a UV sealant which is said to protect the lens of the headlight longer. Kits with the UV sealant include some of the 3M, Sylvania, and Headlight Wizard. 
Dangerously Dim Article==References==

</doc>
<doc id="9633735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633735" title="History of Upper Canada College">
History of Upper Canada College

The history of Upper Canada College (UCC), located in Toronto, Ontario, began with its founding in 1829.
Founding.
Upper Canada College was founded in 1829 by then-Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, Major-General Sir John Colborne (later Lord Seaton), to serve as a feeder school to the newly established King's College (later the University of Toronto). It was modelled on the great public schools of Britain, most notably Eton. An announcement of the College's January opening appeared in the December 17, 1829, edition of the "Canada Gazette", and teaching at the College began on January 4, 1830, with 57 students; the first boy enrolled being Henry Scadding. By the end of the school's first semester, the enrolment had increased to 89. By the end of the first year of operation, UCC had admitted 140 pupils and employed a principal and eight masters.
Prior to 1829, the College was called the Royal Grammar School; its first permanent buildings stood on Russell Square, on land that is now bounded by King, Simcoe, Adelaide and John Streets in downtown Toronto. Almost immediately after the College opened, plans were implemented for newer and more permanent buildings, and the 1831 school year began in new structures at the north-west corner of King and Simcoe Streets.
The new school was praised by some; the Reverend Thomas Radcliffe stated in an 1833 letter: "Future generations will bless the memory of Sir John Colborne, who, to the many advantages derived from the equity and wisdom of his government, has added that of a magnificent foundation Upper Canada College for the purposes of literary instruction. The lowest salary of any of the professors of this institution is £30 per annum, with the accommodation of a noble brick house and the privilege of taking boarders at £50 per annum." However, the costs of the new buildings, combined with the large staff and their high salaries, led to criticism of the College and its expenses. In his publication "Colonial Advocate", William Lyon Mackenzie stated: "The College here at York in Upper Canada is most extravagantly endowed... thousands of pounds are realised at will by its self-constituted managers from the sale of school lots and school lands fact, not true... splendid incomes given to masters... and dwellings furnished to the professors... by the sweat of the brow of the Canadian labourer." In 1837, UCC's student militia offered help to Sir Francis Bond Head's Family Compact government in suppressing Mackenzie's pro-responsible government Upper Canada Rebellion. In 1852, Mackenzie's sons, William and George, were enrolled at UCC.
University control.
On March 4, 1837, the King's College charter was amended to take UCC in under the control of the university, with the principal to be appointed by the King, and the vice-principal and masters nominated by the Chancellor of King's College (the Lieutenant-Governor) at the approval of the King's College Council.
In 1842, Charles Dickens visited the College and said of it: "a sound education in every department of polite learning can be had, at a very moderate expense... It has pretty good endowments in the way of land, and is a valuable and useful institution."
By 1887, despite an enrolment of 300 that was quickly outgrowing the 1831 buildings, UCC came close to closing its doors when a Liberal provincial government, which supported university federation and saw the College's endowment and downtown campus as sources of funds for such an expensive venture, came to power. That year a Notice of Motion was introduced to the Legislature by a Liberal Member named Waters: "in the opinion of this House the time has come when Upper Canada College should be abolished... as the instruction given in the College can be obtained in any well conducted high school in the province," adding that the College's real estate should go to the province. In reaction to this, a group of Old Boys met, along with letters of support from various alumni, including Lieutenant Governor John Beverley Robinson, in an effort to stop the closing of the College. The meeting ended with a unanimous motion that the group's views be laid before the government. The story was covered widely in the papers of the time, with the "Evening Telegram" being most supportive, the "Globe" taking a more moderate stance, and the "News" criticizing the existence of the school. In the end, after much negotiation, a decision was reached to detach the school from King's College after fifty years of affiliation, and to operate it under the guidance of five trustees appointed by the Minister of Education. The College was also to be relocated to an area outside of the city, though this provision was not included in the statute.
Move.
On July 3, 1891, the bell at the Russell Square campus rang for the last time, and on August 29, a farewell cricket game was played. The Upper Canada College Old Boys' Association was created on the same day. UCC then moved to its current site, the Deer Park campus (), 200 Lonsdale Road at Avenue Road in Forest Hill, with the doors being officially opened on October 14, 1891.
"U.C.C. march" for piano composed by J. Bedford Campbell is the Upper Canada College march and two-step. The music was published in Toronto; New York; Chicago by W.F. Shaw Pub. Co., circa 1896.
In 1902, a separate Preparatory School was built at the south edge of the campus, creating two physically separate schools.
World Wars.
More than 400 graduates perished during both the First and Second World Wars, the first being Lt. C. Gordon Mackenzie of the Royal Scots Fusiliers, on October 24, 1914. By the end of WWI, 176 Old Boys were dead.
One year later the Upper Canada College ambulance was presented to the forces, and was delivered to France at the beginning of 1916. By May the next year the vehicle had travelled almost three thousand miles, and carried five thousand wounded men.
The outbreak of the Second World War saw the College lose a number of its best masters, although the majority were too old to join and remained behind at the school. UCC welcomed a large number of war refugees; by May 1941 there were ninety seven. The increasing number led to some concern amongst the Board of Governors, as these students were not paying tuition. A war chest was also started for the purpose of sending packages to Old Boys, and help support the children of Old Boys killed or wounded in battle.
Historian Jack Granatstein, in his book "The Generals", demonstrated that UCC graduates accounted for more than 30% of Canadian generals during the Second World War, including General Harry Crerar, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the First Canadian Army, and Major-General Bruce Matthews, General Officer Commanding the 2nd Canadian Division and later Chairman of the College's Board of Governors. In total, 26 Old Boys achieved brigadier rank or higher in WWII.
In 1923 "The War Book of Upper Canada College" was published, commemorating each Old Boy who served in the "Great War" of 1914-1918. Those who gave their lives are contained in a separate section. There are also two gilt boards in the College's main foyer that commemorate the names of the dead, one for each World War.
After the War: Vincent Massey's influence.
During the time of the Rev. Sowby's regime as principal, Vincent Massey rekindled his interest in the college, and, during the latter's time as Governor General, often discussed the College's circumstances with Sowby. They worked together to bring in distinguished guests to address the students and/or inspect the College. Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent laid a cornerstone for the College's Memorial Wing, and Field Marshal Viscount Montgomery inspected the cadets, declaring them "the best cadet corps he had encountered in his career." It was also during this time that the medieval office of Visitor was revived at UCC, with Prince Philip being the first occupant.
UCC's chapel was built in the early 1950s, funded by Massey and dedicated to his wife, Alice Parkin, who was the daughter of UCC principal George Parkin. Sowby had a piece of the altar cloth used at the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II donated for use in the chapel, and the dean of St. Paul's Cathedral gave marble from the ruins of the parts of the structure destroyed by bombing during WWII.
During one of Massey's visits to UCC, as Sowby was guiding the party through the main quadrangle, two ladies spotted the letters "F-U-C-K" chalked upside down on the bricks below one of the main tower windows. Massey stated "it looks like Russian to me," but after donning his glasses, realised what it said, and assured the principal that these things happened in the best of schools. The offending students, both 14-year-olds, owned up to the crime, and were ordered to write an apology to the Governor General. Massey immediately responded to them.
Building crisis.
The College faced a crisis at the end of the 1950s when it was discovered that the 1891 main building was decaying rapidly due to poor construction; cracks were appearing throughout, pipes split, and doors frames warped to the point where doors could no longer be opened or closed. Due to fear that the tower would collapse the building was condemned and evacuated by March 12, 1958; faculty offices were moved to the Prep building, the infirmary, and any other spare spaces, including the principal's residence, Grant House. Classes were conducted in portables.
That same year, a major fundraising campaign was launched as construction of a new building on the exact site of the old was started. Prince Philip visited in 1959 to assist with the fundraising, and money to reconstruct the iconic tower over the main entrance was donated by the media magnate, Ted Rogers. In the summer of 1959, Governor General Massey laid the cornerstone, however, the pleasure with progress was marred when tragedy struck that same year: an Italian construction worker fell from the tower to his death. None-the-less, Field Marshal Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein dedicated the new front doors on April 28, 1960, and the new building was officially opened by Vincent Massey and Edward Peacock on September 28. The $3,200,000 cost of the building was fully subscribed.
Late 20th century.
UCC welcomed the first woman to its Board of Governors in 1971 with the appointment of Pauline Mills McGibbon, although she resigned in 1974 upon her appointment to the post of Lieutenant-Governor of Ontario. Five years following her departure, UCC celebrated its 150th anniversary in the presence of the College's Official Visitor, Prince Philip, at the College's first Association Day, and Sandi Ryder became the first woman elected to the College's Board of Governors.
By 1980 boarding for Prep students ended, with some of the dormitories being converted to computer labs where students learned the fostering technology.
In 1991, UCC was visited by the Hungarian President Árpád Göncz, who would soon after enrol his grandson at the school, and in 1993, Prince Philip again visited to officially open the Foster Hewitt Athletic Centre, the Eaton Building, as well as the rebuilt College gates, the Mara Gates, at the foot of the main avenue. Two years later the College decided to greatly alter its academic course and adopted the International Baccalaureate programme.
James FitzGerald, a UCC Old Boy himself, published a book in 1994 titled "Old Boys; the Powerful Legacy of Upper Canada College". It stirred up some controversy in Canadian media due to its candid portrayal of life at the College, derived from excerpts of interviews that FitzGerald had conducted with former students, ranging from Conrad Black and Michael Ignatieff to unknowns who managed gas stations or worked in retail. Reactions varied; Charlotte Gray wrote in the "Toronto Star": "My reaction to this book is fascinated revulsion - mainly because the school seems to have taught successive generations of boys that girls are some alien species that is both terrifying and stupid," while Jill Rigby said in the "Toronto Sun": "Yeah, so what if some UCC teachers were pedophiles? All that stuff has been going on in educational institutions since Socrates met Plato."
The publication of the book had an effect on the College, both in its internal structure, as well as its relationship with the broader community. Peter Dalglish, the founder of Street Kids International, criticised the school heavily in his interview for "Old Boys", where he said "A prime failing of UCC is that they have no sense of being a part of a community within the city or country. The school has to change; it is still very upper middle class." Subsequently, he was hired by the College to change school culture. Under his direction, along with Nanci Goldman, the former Toronto Board co-ordinator of inner city services, UCC students have since been partnered with inner city Toronto kids in the College's Horizon program.
The Eaton Building was extended in 1999 to accommodate the school's curricular expansion to include grades 1 and 2. Senior kindergarten was introduced in 2003.
New millennium.
Early into the new millennium, UCC followed the trend in environmentalism when the Board of Governors voted to establish the Green School initiative in 2002, wherein environmental education would become "one of the four hallmarks of a UCC education." This education would include ecological literacy, evironmental ethics, and contributions to broader society. which would see not only upgrades of the school's physical plant to meet environmentally sustainable standards, but also an integration of these new initiatives into the curriculum.
Cadets.
There is no definite date for the formation of the Upper Canada College Cadets, though beginnings can be traced to a willingness of students to participate in the defence against the 1837 rebellion in Upper Canada. Later in the 1800s, in schools throughout England, Canada and the United States, involvement in a military body was thought of to inspire patriotism in young men, as well as teaching discipline and obedience. By 1863, UCC students were paraded weekly, in an amateur fashion, under Major Goodwin, but with the beginning of Fenian troubles in Upper Canada in 1865, UCC students requested that the Cadets form into a company of the The Queen's Own Rifles of Canada. By 1866, the request was fulfilled, making UCC possibly the second school in Canada to have a proper Cadet Corps (the first being Bishop's College School in Lennoxville, Quebec).
When the Fenians did attack Fort Erie, Ontario, on June 1, 1866 (see Fenian Raids), the UCC Cadets, along with the Bishop's College Cadets, were called to duty, but were instructed only to guard the armouries and official stores. None-the-less, this was the only time in Canadian military history where student Cadet Corps were called to duty.
By the 1890s, there was a lack of enthusiasm for the Cadets. It was an extra expense for a student's family to cover the costs of uniform, weapons, and even their drill instructor. As well, drill and practice time was beyond the commitment to scholastics and sport. Enrolment fluctuated over the next few decades, at one point the school's administration turning its eyes to the school the College had been modelled on, Eton, as well as Harrow, where Cadet participation was compulsory. No real action was taken by UCC in regards to the Cadets; however, by 1910 the population of the company had increased to 63, and in 1912 a Sergeant Carpenter was approached to act as an instructor. He was not to last long, as by 1914 he was in Europe as Sergeant-Major in the 9th Battalion of the 1st Canadian Overseas Contingent. Numbers in the UCC Cadets still stayed high during the First World War.
By around 1919, the UCC Cadets became compulsory, and principal Grant asked the army district headquarters if the Corps could be presented with Colours, both the King's Colour and College Colour. The College Colour was given by Elanor Gooderham in 1921.
During the war, the Cadets' association with the Queen's Own Rifles had lapsed, and by 1923 two regiments, the Toronto Regiment and Queen's Own Rifles were requesting that the Corps affiliate itself with them. After some dispute between the three parties, the College settled on the Queen's Own again by 1927.
For thirty following years, the Cadets remained a part of College life, and by the middle of the Second World War boys were practising not only drills, but also spent time on lectures, map reading, military law, and signalling. The biggest ceremony of the school year was the Battalion Inspection Day, when the cadet corps would assemble in their dress uniforms, consisting of navy-blue uniforms and berets, black leather boots and spats, white gloves; officers also wore a sword and Sam Browne, sergeants a red sash. The guns carried were Ross .303s.
By the 1960s belief in the Cadets was faltering; religion and patriotism were not held in such high regard by youth, and rebellion was the more accepted behaviour for teenagers. Minutes of the Board of Governors meeting in 1965 recorded, for the first time in sixty years, poor discipline at the battalion parade. Principal Richard Sadlier disbanded the Cadet Battalion as a compulsory body in 1976, noting: "The Battalion has been left with little beyond its ceremonial drill which is a pretty irrelevant exercise to many people today and difficult to defend when it becomes the be-all and end-all of a program."
In 1977, the voluntary Royal Canadian Army Cadets helped organize a course in military science at UCC, which also included battle drill, field craft, weapons training, and some parade-square drill. But, by the mid-1980s, interest in this programme had fallen to a bare minimum, and today UCC provides no formal military training.
Ethnic and gender issues.
UCC began admitting ethnic minority students early in its history. The first black student enrolled in 1831 the first Jewish student in 1836 and the first aboriginal student in 1840; some graduates from the Ojibway peoples of Upper Canada having gone on to study at Dartmouth College and Harvard University.
Even though there have been ethnic minority students admitted to UCC, the school continued to maintain a reputation as a "bastion of WASP privilege" through the first 150 years of its history. In relation to this, diplomat James George, a student between 1926 and 1936, said upon reflection about his time with other UCC graduates in the Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs: "If UCC really was a womb matrix for a bunch of WASP patriots, why did it produce so many internationalists?"
Other former students took a different view, some citing experiences of anti-Semitism. Graham Fraser, "The Globe and Mails Washington Bureau Chief, who attended UCC between 1960 and 1964, recalled: "Anti-Semitism was generally an unspoken undercurrent at UCC, but a couple of times I witnessed overt anti-Semitism... Before 1960, Toronto was a pretty narrow, close-minded, little Victorian town and Upper Canada College reflected that reality." At the same time, Peter C. Newman, who came to UCC from Czechoslovakia in 1940, and who is Jewish himself, said that anti-Semitism was "virtually non-existent" at the school.
Michael Ignatieff, who was a student at the College from 1959 to 1965 stated: "The UCC culture in my time was basically Tory, Anglican and fantastically patrician... The Canadian elite must be an open, permeable elite which is colour blind, religion blind and gender blind. There has to be an elite based not even on intelligence but character. They will mostly come from schools that bear no resemblance to Upper Canada College."
In the decades after the 1970s, some saw the ethnic composition of the school's enrollment as changing. In 1979, former Prep School Headmaster Richard Howard said in his book "Upper Canada College, 1929-1979: Colborne's Legacy": "The growth of the enrolment has increased the number of boys from a wide variety of backgrounds and decreased the ratio of those from old Toronto families. The address list now reflects Toronto's ethnic variety and resembles a small United Nations." William Kilbourn also said that the College had been accepting, for many years before the 1980s, a number of foreign students, notably from Latin America and Asia, and that UCC had made a concentrated effort to recruit Quebec francophones into the student body. By the 1980s the school was offering financial assistance to the less affluent, and was making serious attempts to encourage boys from visible minorities to enroll. But, few applied, save for many Chinese, East Indian, and Japanese Canadians who were accepted into the Prep; in 1983 the numbers were 42 out of a total student population of 361. However, even into the 1990s some, while acknowledging the shift to a more multi-cultural student body, claimed anti-Semitism continued in some form. In 1990, "The College Times" featured an editorial stating that while UCC was no longer "a white-bread, right-wing fortress: it has become much more multi-cultural and (dare I say it?) liberal... In my years at UCC I have faced anti-Semitism, ugliness, stupidity and bureaucracy."
By the late 1990s, the college was increasingly diverse, and in 1997 the daily recitation of the Lord's Prayer was replaced by the recitation of a prayer from different global faiths each day. In 2002, student Adam Sheikh created the Diversity Council to celebrate the cultural diversity of the school's student population. This council, a body of students independent from the school administration, organizes celebrations of Chinese, Jewish, and Ukrainian cultural events and traditions, as well as Canadian cultural events.
UCC's website states that "the College's boarding program welcomes Upper School students from all faiths and cultural backgrounds. Each year, more than 100 students from Year 1 to IB2 come together in this cross-cultural hub, where students benefit from each other's unique experiences."
Students from about 16 countries attend UCC. The international students typically come from among the wealthiest families in the countries of their origin.
The 1990 College Times also addressed alleged sexism at the school in the article "The School On The Hill" by Greg Tessaro, winner of the College Times' Ponton Prize for Journalism. The article stated:
UCC did, however, appoint the first woman to its Board of Governors in 1971; Pauline Mills McGibbon. The College also states:
Scandals.
Upper Canada College has had a number of incidents in the decade following 1998 where staff were accused of statutory rape or of possessing child pornography. Only three ended in convictions. In early February 2007, the school mailed a letter to the entire UCC community apologizing for the sexual and physical abuse at the school and referring to the abuse of students as the most difficult issue the school has had to face in its 177-year history.
Clark Winton Noble
Doug Brown
Ashley Chivers
Lorne Cook
In response to the allegations put forward, UCC formed a review team to assess school policies, and create new ones, under the direction of Sydney Robins, QC, a former Justice of the Court of Appeal for Ontario, and author of "Protecting Our Students: A Review to Identify and Prevent Sexual Misconduct in Ontario Schools".

</doc>
<doc id="9633736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633736" title="Insulin tolerance test">
Insulin tolerance test

An insulin tolerance test (ITT) is a medical diagnostic procedure during which insulin is injected into a patient's vein to assess pituitary function, adrenal function, and sometimes for other purposes. An ITT is usually ordered and interpreted by endocrinologists. 
Insulin injections are intended to induce extreme hypoglycemia below 2.2 mmol/l (40 mg/dl). In response, adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and growth hormone (GH) are released as a part of the stress mechanism. ACTH elevation causes the adrenal cortex to release cortisol. Normally, both cortisol and GH serve as counterregulatory hormones, opposing the action of insulin, i.e. acting against the hypoglycemia. 
Thus ITT is considered to be the gold standard for assessing the integrity of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis. Sometimes ITT is performed to assess the peak adrenal capacity, e.g. before surgery. It is assumed that the ability to respond to insulin induced hypoglycemia translates into appropriate cortisol rise in the stressful event of acute illness or major surgery.
This test is potentially very dangerous and must be undertaken with great care. A health professional must attend it at all times.
Other provocation tests which cause much less release of growth hormone include the use of glucagon, arginine and clonidine.
Side Effects.
Side effects include sweating, palpitations, loss of consciousness and rarely convulsions due to severe hypoglycemia which may cause coma. If extreme symptoms are present, glucose should be given intravenously. In subjects with no adrenal reserve an Addisonian crisis may occur. For cortisol stimulation, the ACTH stimulation test has much less risk.
Interpretation.
The test cannot be interpreted unless hypoglycaemia (< 2.2 mmol/L (or) < 40 mg/dl) is achieved.
Hypopituitarism.
An adequate cortisol response is defined as a rise to greater than 550 nmol/L. Patients with impaired cortisol responses (less than 550 but greater than 400 nmol/L) may only need steroid cover for major illnesses or stresses. An adequate GH response occurs with an absolute response exceeding 20 mU/L.
Cushing's syndrome.
There will be a rise of less than 170 nmol/L above the fluctuations of basal levels of cortisol.

</doc>
<doc id="9633748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633748" title="The Intellectual Property Lawyers' Organisation">
The Intellectual Property Lawyers' Organisation

The Intellectual Property Lawyers' Organisation or The Intellectual Property Lawyer's Organisation (TIPLO) is a United Kingdom-based association of intellectual property lawyers.

</doc>
<doc id="9633750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633750" title="West Lethbridge">
West Lethbridge

West Lethbridge (or The Westside), is one of three geographical areas in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada. It is the newest and the fastest growing. It is the home of the University of Lethbridge and is a residential area primarily.
History.
West Lethbridge is geographically isolated by a loop in the Oldman River to the west, south and east. Lethbridge proper is across the river to the east. The first bridge across the river opened in November 1890 at a cost of $38,000. 
As Lethbridge continued to grow in the middle of the 20th century, the 1969 General Plan recommended westward expansion of the city across the Oldman River. As a result of this recommendation, the Oldman River Regional Planning Commission prepared the report "The Urbanization of West Lethbridge" in 1969. This report proposed West Lethbridge development as a village concept. Each village would include a school, a major park and a commercial centre. Each village was planned to be approximately one square mile in area, contain two neighbourhoods of roughly 6,000 persons each and bounded by arterial roads. This concept still serves as a framework for development in West Lethbridge.
By the time the city began including West Lethbridge in its census in 1971, there were fewer than 70 residents. By the following year, 254 residents lived here. This was also the year the University of Lethbridge moved to the Westside.
Demographics.
The 2006 municipal census reported West Lethbridge had a population of 27,154. Since the 1970s, the area has seen an average population increase of 18%, not including the years of 1972 and 1976, when it saw increases of 274% and 281% respectively. The bulk of the city's growth since the early 1990s has been on the west side. Its population is younger than North and South Lethbridge, with only 3% over age 65.
Amenities.
While primarily a residential area of the city, West Lethbridge still contains many service and retail amenities. Shopping centres include MicMac Plaza, West Village Mall, and the regional shopping centre West Lethbridge Towne Centre. The urban park Nicholas Sheran Park is on the Westside as is the Nicholas Sheran Leisure Centre, an aquatic centre and ice arena. In addition to the University of Lethbridge, education services are provided by three public elementary schools, one public middle school, three private elementary schools, and two high schools (one private and one public).
Another major park in Lethbridge is West Highlands Park with amenities such as a lake, walking paths, covered and uncovered patio areas.
Development.
In 2004, Lethbridge City Council announced plans for the second phase of growth in West Lethbridge, covering a 600 hectare (1,483 acre) area west of Indian Battle Heights and Varsity Village. In 2006, the council voted to 
put $12 million toward the West Lethbridge Centre. Once complete, the centre would serve as West Lethbridge's hub and would consist of two high schools, a branch of the Lethbridge Public Library, parks and fields for softball, soccer and other sports. The centre will be located in the new Benton Crossing subdivision.
Transportation.
Transportation in West Lethbridge consists of a major road network. University Drive is currently the major arterial roadway in the area. It connects with Whoop-up Drive, the city's busiest roadway, and Crowsnest Highway, the city's only freeway and its connection to Calgary, British Columbia, and Saskatchewan. Several collector roads connect with University Drive.
In 2006, University Drive was widened from Whoop-up Drive to the location of the proposed sports arena, making the roadway six lanes in areas, including multiple turning lanes onto access roads for the University of Lethbridge.
Six bus routes operated by Lethbridge Transit service the Westside, with two of them offering connections to downtown, North Lethbridge and South Lethbridge. All routes converge at a transit terminal located at the university.

</doc>
<doc id="9633763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633763" title="Crew's Hole, Bristol">
Crew's Hole, Bristol

Crew's Hole is located in east Bristol near St George.
From the early 18th century it was an industrial area including oil refineries and a tar works site at the bottom of Troopers Hill.
The tar works was established by Isambard Kingdom Brunel in 1843 to provide creosote to be used as a preservative for railway sleepers and by 1863 had passed into the ownership of Brunel's manager, William Butler. It continued to operate until 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9633767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633767" title="Norwayne High School">
Norwayne High School

Norwayne High School is a public high school in Creston, Ohio. It is the only high school in the Norwayne Local School District, which also consists of a middle school in Creston, and one elementary school in Creston (which opened in January 2010). Their mascot is the Bobcat. The name 'Norwayne' is derived from its location in northern Wayne County. The district was approved for consolidation in 1950 by merging the Burbank, Creston, and Milton Local (Sterling) school districts together, and the school opened in the fall of 1953.
This school has 21 teachers and about 450 students for a 1:21 student to teacher ratio.
In June 2009, The school district started building the new Norwayne High School, which was completed in August 2010. This new building was a part of the Ohio Schools Facility Commission. The new building has a wide variety of new technologies, including Mimio Interactive Whiteboards, projectors, in-ceiling speakers, computers and teacher microphones in every classroom. The building also features air-conditioning.
Notable faculty.
Lorraine Merrill, who founded Power of the Pen, a non-profit creative writing program for students in grades seven and eight in Ohio, taught at the school in 1954-55.
Ohio High School Athletic Association State Championships.
The Norwayne Bobcats football team, led by head coach Joe Harbour, won the school's first state championship by defeating Kenton High School 48-42 on December 3, 2011. The game took place at Paul Brown Tiger Stadium in Massillon, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="9633771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633771" title="Johan Wallner">
Johan Wallner

Per Johan Daniel Wallner (born 8 February 1965 in Filipstad, Värmland) is a Swedish former alpine skier.
Since being in the Olympics, Wallner has opened a store which specializes in apple cobbler making.

</doc>
<doc id="9633777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633777" title="Ninaithen Vandhai">
Ninaithen Vandhai

Ninaithen Vandhai () is a 1998Tamil Romantic Film film directed by K. Selva Bharathy and produced by Allu Aravind. The film features Vijay, Rambha and Devayani in the lead roles with Manivannan, Charle and Ranjith amongst others in supporting roles. The film released on 10 April 1998 to highly positive reviews and was declared a commercially successful venture at the Box office.
Plot.
Gokulan Krishnan (Vijay) is a music loving man who begins the movie with a dream where he sees his dream girl. The only Trademark he remembers from it is a mole which is situated next to her navel(bellybutton). He then becomes determined in looking for his 'dream girl' with the help of his uncle (Mannivannan) and brother in laws. On the other hand, his father arranges him to get married to a village girl Savithri (Devayani) which Gokulan (often referred to as 'Mapillai') objects to, but Savithri loves him. Gokulan later sees his dream girl Swapna (Rambha) at a wedding where he spot the mole on her navel. He then sings to her impressing her but she leaves abruptly. He later sees her at a music class which he teaches and from then on they love each other. Gokulan tries to stop the marriage with Savithri in many failed attempts due to everyone in Savithri's family getting the wrong impression. Swapna then arrives to Savithri's village and is revealed that they are sisters. Neither of them knew that they love the same man.
Gokulan then tells Savithri's father that he doesn't want the marriage which Swapna overhears. Knowing how much her sister loves him, Swapna is determined to get Gokulan to forget her by lying she has a blood clot in her heart. After much persuasion, Gokulan agrees to marry Savithri. Throughout the movie, Vignesh (Ranjith) is in love with Swapna and tries to get her to marry him and if not, he will kill her with him also. When Vignesh reveals after almost killing Savithri that he loved Swapna but she said she will only marry Gokulan, Savithri lets Swapna marry him.
Production.
The film is a remake of the Telugu film "Pelli Sandadi" starring Srikanth, Deepti Bhatnagar and Ravali directed by Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao.
Release.
The satellite rights of the film were bagged by Sun TV. The film was given a "U" certificate by the Indian Censor Board.
Reception.
The film generally received positive reviews with most critics describing the film as an "entertainer". Jeyachandran from "Indolink.com" gave the film 3.5 out of 5, citing that "the story is nothing new, the treatment of the story is commendable, backed by good music, songs and comedy, make this film an entertainer. " and that "the director has tried hard to make a feel good romantic flick and has partially succeeded".
The success of the film prompted film-makers to sign on Rambha to appear alongside Vijay in a couple of his next projects - "Endrendrum Kadhal" and "Minsara Kanna".
Soundtrack.
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by film composer Deva was well received by the audience.

</doc>
<doc id="9633784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633784" title="Take the Plunge">
Take the Plunge

Take The Plunge was an early evening game show that was produced by Thames Television and aired on the ITV network for one series in 1989, the programme was hosted by comedy actress Su Pollard.

</doc>
<doc id="9633791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633791" title="Hillfields, Bristol">
Hillfields, Bristol

Hillfields is an area and Ward of east Bristol.
The Ward of Hillfields covers the following areas of Bristol:
Hillfields itself is a relatively modern area of Bristol on the outskirts of Fishponds developed since the First World War on the north side of Lodge Causeway.
History.
Building commenced on Hillfields Park Housing estate in 1919, and the estate was first to be built under the National Housing Scheme in Bristol. Hillfields was further expanded in 1922 when the new Elisha Smith Robinson paper and printing company opened in Filwood Road, Fishponds, and the company arranged for houses to be built at Maple Avenue to accommodate the new workers.
The area expanded quickly, Hillfields Park Infant School opened in 1927 and the junior school opened in 1929. The most famous pupil to go to the junior school was Arthur Milton, who played County cricket for Gloucestershire County from 1948 to 1974, and gained 6 caps with the England cricket team. He also played football for Arsenal from 1951 to 1955, then Bristol City and gained 1 cap for the England National Football Team against Austria at Wembley.
More recently, the Briarwood School for students with severe learning difficulties from primary to sixth form has been built on Briar Way.
Churches and facilities.
The church in the centre of Hillfields is Hillfields Park Baptist Church, opened on 8 May 1929 and built by Foster & Son, and originally supported by the Fishponds Baptist Church. It also contains a Baptist church Youth Club. The area is also served by Hillfields Library, run by Bristol City Council, and the Community centre and recreational grounds in Hillfields Park.
Cossham Memorial Hospital, founded in 1907, is in the ward near Kingswood, South Gloucestershire.

</doc>
<doc id="9633806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9633806" title="Die Trying (novel)">
Die Trying (novel)

Die Trying is the second novel in the Jack Reacher series written by Lee Child. It was published in 1998 by Putnam. It is written in the third person.
Plot summary.
Having run short on cash, Reacher has paused in his travels and is working in Chicago as a doorman when he stumbles into the kidnapping of FBI agent Holly Johnson. The pair are whisked across the United States in the back of a stolen Ford Econoline van, while back in Chicago Holly's colleagues frantically piece together the puzzle of her sudden disappearance.
Arriving in Yorke County (fictional), a remote area of Montana, Reacher and Holly find themselves up against the Montana Militia, a band approximately 100 strong led by Beau Borken, a majestic yet ruthless megalomaniac intent on more than simple secession from the Union. Holly is the daughter of a general - the head of the joint chiefs of staff. She's defensive about her family connections, having had to work hard to dispel notions of nepotism, so it's a while before she reveals to Reacher that she's also connected in a significant way with the President.
Further complications only add to the chaos and confusion already running rampant. Brogan is a militia mole infiltrated into the Chicago FBI team whilst Jackson is an FBI mole working deep cover within the militia group.
And even as they close in on the Montana camp, the FBI believes that Reacher is the leader of the kidnap team. Major Reacher's old commanding officer, General Leon Garber, arrives to convince them otherwise.
This early version of Jack Reacher will seem significantly more vulnerable, fallible and emotional to those reading the series out of sequence. The character thus appears to evolve into a more powerful, fearsome and efficient killing machine as he ages.

</doc>
