<doc id="9814295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814295" title="Stellenbosch University Choir">
Stellenbosch University Choir

Stellenbosch University Choir () is a Choir attached to Stellenbosch University. Founded in 1936, it is the oldest choir in South Africa. The current conductor, André van der Merwe, was appointed at the beginning of 2003. The Stellenbosch University Choir has toured overseas extensively and won critical acclaim for its performances. The choir is viewed as a leading South African choral ensemble.
In September 2006 the Stellenbosch University Choir celebrated 70 years of choral activities with a reunion – 400 former members attended the festive occasion. This reunion was living testimony to the positive impact that the choir has had on choral activities in South Africa since 1936. In September 2007 the Stellenbosch University Choir hosted a choral festival (KUESTA) where South African university choirs gathered in Stellenbosch for a weekend of choral music.
2011 saw a tour to the Southern Cape as well as a successful visit to the University of Pretoria for the bi-annual KUESTA choral festival. The choir also held their 75th reunion over the first weekend of September 2011, which was attended by over 300 former members of the choir. An album, "2011 In Concert" was also released, containing live performance recordings made in the Endler Hall during a Gala concert and in the Musaion at the University of Pretoria during KUESTA.
In the South African context, it becomes increasingly important for the choir to reach out to choirs in less fortunate communities. During 2005 and 2006 the choir hosted an orphan children’s choir from Kayamandi – not only teaching music skills to the children, but also making the University Choir aware of the value of community service.
History.
The choir was founded in 1936 by William Morris and has established itself as one of the best choirs in South Africa and the world!
Being the oldest continually running choir in the country, the Stellenbosch University Choir has a rich legacy that is celebrated by old members every five years at the reunion. The last reunion was in 2011 and marked the 75th anniversary of the establishment of the choir. The reunion was attended by over 300 members, both past and present, and from all the corners of the world.
The current as well as future success of the choir depends largely on the unique heritage and spirit within the choir community which is supported by the choir members, family and friends, as well as the newly established Stellenbosch University Choir Fund.
Achievements.
As of February 2013 the choir is ranked as the best amateur choir in the world by Interkultur, as well as being in the top ten list for the following categories (rank): Children's and Youth Choirs (5), Mixed Choirs (1), Sacred Music and Music of the Religions (1), and Pop, Jazz, Gospel, Spiritual (10).
2012.
At the 7th World Choir Games in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA, the choir participated in three categories, namely Mixed Choirs, Musica Sacra (Sacred Music) and, for the first time, Popular Choral Music. Here the choir received the title of "Champion of the World Choir Games" for two of these categories: Mixed Choirs with 93.50 points and Musica Sacra with 96.88 points as well as receiving a gold medal, and coming second, in the Popular Choral Music category with 91.25 points.
Not only was their score of 96.88 points in Musica Sacra the highest in the category, but also the highest score ever attained by any choir in any category at the World Choir Games.
2010.
The Choir took part in the World Choir Games in Shaoxing, China, in July, and won the "Champion of the World Choir Games" title in two categories. They received 95.75 for the category: Mixed Choirs and 90.88 for the category: Musica Contemporanea (Contemporary Music).
The World Choir Games is the largest event of its kind. From 15 to 26 July 2010, Shaoxing hosted more than 20 000 choristers from 472 choirs and 83 countries. South Africa was represented by three choirs: Stellenbosch University Choir, Tygerberg Children's Choir and Kearsney College Choir. Stellenbosch University Choir received the highest score (95.75) of any choir participating in the competition, in the category for which they competed against 28 other choirs.
2008.
In July 2008, the choir participated in the World Choir Games in Graz, Austria, where they received a gold medal in each of the three categories in which they participated. The choir was amongst 22 other choirs from South Africa who were selected to participate in this competition of more than 400 choirs. They won the category "Musica Sacra: Open Category" with 92.13 points and placed second in the category "Gospel & Spiritual" with 92.13 points. In the category "Mixed Youth Choirs", the choir came in fourth with 85.25 points.
At the end of August 2008 the Choir was ranked as the top choir in the category Musica Sacra (Sacred Music) and the fourth best choir overall in the world according to the Musica Mundi World Ranking List!
2004.
In July 2004, the choir won the category "Youth Choirs" at the World Choir Games in Bremen, Germany with 93.13 points.
A definite highlight for the choir in 2004 was their participation with the Cape Philharmonic Orchestra in Sinfonia Africana by Capetonian composer Hendrik Hofmeyr. This groundbreaking symphony (with an Afrikaans text) is scored for soprano, choir and orchestra.
Repertoire.
Every year, the Choir sets out to improve on work done during the previous year. In this respect, there is a definite focus on assembling the repertoire. The repertoire usually incorporates pieces that aim to inspire both the choir members as well as the general audience, and to prepare the choir for future performances and events such as the World Choir Games.
With international events such as these, the repertoire mainly consists of pieces specifically selected to contribute to the overall success of the choir in the specific category of participation. These pieces are often vocally and artistically challenging as well as innovative and unique, with a major focus on modern compositions and uniquely adapted classical favourites.
Recorded media.
The Stellenbosch University Choir usually records their full repertoire at the end of each year, normally in September, in the modern Endler Hall at the Conservatory of the University of Stellenbosch. The goal is to release an album every two years, although some exceptions have been made. Other recordings include live concert recordings and are usually sold for a limited time after the recorded performance. These usually include only some of the works prepared as part of the year's repertoire.

</doc>
<doc id="9814297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814297" title="Qaouzah">
Qaouzah

Qaouzah () is a Lebanese village located in the Caza of Bint Jbeil in the Nabatiye Governorate in Lebanon.
Geography.
Qaouzah occupies a hill with elevation ranging from 700 to 800 meters above sea level. The main agricultural products of Qaouzah are olive, carob and tobacco.
Demography.
The people of Qaouzah are Lebanese and are followers of the Maronite Catholic Church.
Current events.
In July 2006, Qaouzah, like other villages that string Lebanon's southern border, such as Ain Ebel, Debel, Rmaich, and Yaroun, was caught in the crossfire of Hezbollah and the Israeli army.

</doc>
<doc id="9814298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814298" title="Gōkei Station">
Gōkei Station

Station building and platforms.
Gōkei Station has two platforms capable of handling three lines simultaneously. The platforms are connected via a foot bridge overpass. The station features a unisex "kumitorishiki benjo" (basically an "indoor outhouse" attached to the building).
Environs.
The area near Gōkei Station is fairly flat and open as most of the housing in the area is not located directly around the station. The Gōkei Police Station and Gōkei Post office are located near the station. The Takahashi River is located across Japan National Route 180, about 200m southeast of Gōkei Station.

</doc>
<doc id="9814319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814319" title="Marielle Goitschel">
Marielle Goitschel

Marielle Goitschel (born 28 September 1945 in Sainte-Maxime) is a former French alpine skier. Marielle is the younger sister of Christine Goitschel, another champion skier of the time, and the aunt of current speed skier Philippe Goitschel.
After great success in the 1962 World Championships and 1964 Winter Olympics, winning 5 medals including 3 golds, Goitschel was considered the world's best female skier. She continued her domination at the 1966 World Championships in Portillo, Chile, winning medals in all 4 events, with 3 golds and one silver. When the alpine skiing World Cup debuted a few months after those championships in January 1967, Goitschel was expected to again dominate the circuit that season. However, she narrowly lost the overall title to Nancy Greene of Canada, but did take the discipline cup in downhill and tied for the win in slalom with her compatriot Annie Famose . During the next season, she again missed the overall title, finishing only 4th while repeating as slalom champion. She won her final gold medal in slalom at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble, and then retired from ski racing after that season. Goitschel's total of 11 World Championships medals in alpine skiing is second all-time among women to the 15 won by Christl Cranz of Germany (see the note below).
Marielle and sister Christine were the first ever female siblings on the same individual's event Olympic podium, winning the gold (Christine) and silver (Marielle) medals in the 1964 Olympic Women's slalom. They would repeat the feat two days later, switching their gold-silver order, in the 1964 Olympic Women's giant slalom.
__NOTOC__
Notes.
From 1948 to 1980, the alpine skiing events at the Winter Olympics also counted as the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships, so Goitschel's medals in 1964 and 1968 are double-counted in the list above (shown in both Olympics and World Championships). Separate World Championships medals were awarded each Olympic year in the combined using the results of the slalom and downhill. Also, for the only time in 1968, the results of the Olympic races counted for World Cup points, so Goitschel's slalom gold medal is also listed as a World Cup race win in the table above.

</doc>
<doc id="9814346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814346" title="Alex Pierson">
Alex Pierson

Alex Pierson (born October 17, 1971 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a Canadian news anchor. She co-hosts "AM Agenda" on the Toronto-based Sun News Network.
Biography.
She began working in television in 1995 at CHCH-TV in Hamilton, and later became an employee of CKAL-TV in Calgary. A few years later she returned and began working at CKVR-TV in Barrie, followed by her joining CITY-TV in Toronto.
For a few years she was the co-anchor of Toronto's 11 p.m. "CityNews" with Mark Dailey, as well as a reporter for "CityNews at Six" and cp24. She left Citytv in September 2006. After a hiatus from television news, she returned and joined CIII-TV as a reporter. After 4 years reporting on courts and crime and anchoring the weekend news, Pierson left to take an anchor position with Sun News Network.
In 2011, the Sun News Network announced Pierson would be co-host of "The Roundtable", the network's morning show, along with Pat Bolland and Andrea Slobodian.

</doc>
<doc id="9814347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814347" title="Všeruby (Plzeň-North District)">
Všeruby (Plzeň-North District)

Všeruby (; ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies some to the northwest from the region capital of Plzeň. 
Město Touškov is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Nýřany Municipality with Extended Competence.

</doc>
<doc id="9814356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814356" title="Mark Fox (journalist)">
Mark Fox (journalist)

Mark Fox (born 11 July 1970) is a British businessman, journalist and public policy analyst.
He is Chief Executive of the BSA - The Business Services Association, London, UK.
Early life.
He attended Brighton College' where he was a member of the Royal Navy section of the CCF'. He holds degrees from three universities - B.A. in English, Theology and Religious Studies from St. Mary's College, Strawberry Hill, Surrey University; a B.Th. from Oxford University, where he was a member of St. Stephen's House: and an M.Sc. from London University, where he read British Politics & Public Administration at Birkbeck College. His tutor was Professor Ben Pimlott. He started but did not complete a Ph.D. under the supervision of Professor Lord Hennessy of Nympsfield, Attlee Professor of Contemporary British History at Queen Mary, University of London. He has also taken short courses at the JFK School of Government, Harvard University, and St. Martin's College of Art, University of the Arts, London.
Career.
Before the BSA Fox had a varied career in business, journalism and politics.
With his friend Iain Dale he founded Biteback Media Ltd, owners and publishers of the political magazine "Total Politics". He was a Director of the business until it was sold.
He joined the BVCA - The British Venture Capital Association as its Director of Communications and Public Affairs in 2001, and from June to November 2007 he was co-responsible for running the organisation following the departure of the Chief Executive.
Fox was Assistant Private Secretary to William Hague MP during his first year as Leader of the Conservative Party, having been a member of his leadership campaign team. Prior to this he was a political advisor to Rt. Hon. Virginia Bottomley MP (now Rt. Hon. Baroness Bottomley) as Secretary of State for Health and Secretary of State for National Heritage.
He undertook NCTJ training at Harlow College (1988–89) and, for six years, he was a 'Lobby' Correspondent for two UK national newspapers, the Sunday Express and subsequently The Mail on Sunday.
Briefly at the start of his career he did spells with Hill & Knowlton and GJW Government Relations Ltd.
He has written for various publications including "Island Life", "Total Politics", "Forces Weekly", "Public Servant" and ConservativeHome"," and does occasional broadcasting.
Public and voluntary service.
Fox is a volunteer with The Prince's Trust and the "White Ensign Association'.
He has served as a governor to three schools.
Since 1996 he has been a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
He is a Freeman of the City of London.
He is a member of the Pilgrims Society.
Following formational training at Ripon College Cuddesdon and St Mellitus College, he was ordained into the Church of England on the 29th June, 2013 at St Paul's Cathedral by the Bishop of London, the Right Reverend and Right Honourable Richard Chartres.
Political activity.
At the 2005 General Election Fox was the Conservative Parliamentary Candidate for Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. He was Research Secretary of the Bow Group and Member of the Council, 1994-1995. For a period he worked for MPs Peter Bottomley and Peter Ainsworth.

</doc>
<doc id="9814366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814366" title="Arizona State Route 266">
Arizona State Route 266

State Route 266 (SR 266) is a highway in Graham County, Arizona that runs from its junction with US 191 south of Safford to Fort Grant. It is an east–west route.
Route description.
The eastern terminus of SR 266 is located on US 191 south of Safford. The highway heads southwest from this intersection before curving towards the west. It briefly curves towards the northwest before curving back towards the west and arriving in Fort Grant. The highway continues towards the west to its western terminus in Bonita. SR 266 has a spur route that heads north from the highway to the prison at Fort Grant just prior to the highway's western terminus. SR 266 travels through sparsely populated areas and does not pass through any cities or towns. It serves primarily as an access road to Fort Grant.
History.
SR 266 was designated in 1957 as a state route from US 666 (now US 191) to Fort Grant. In 1961 the road was a gravel road providing access to the Coronado National Forest and Fort Grant, but it has been completely paved since that time. The highway has had several realignments since the highway was originally designated.

</doc>
<doc id="9814380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814380" title="Lietuvos Energija">
Lietuvos Energija

"Lietuvos Energija", UAB is the main power company in Lithuania. It owns (through 95.54% stake in company Lietuvos Elektrinė) the largest power plant in Lithuania Elektrėnai Power Plant and directly owns two largest hydroelectric plants in the country (Kruonis Pumped Storage Plant and Kaunas Hydroelectric Power Plant). It has also stake in the Klaipėda Geothermal Demonstration Plant. The company's headquarters is located in Elektrėnai.
History.
Its predecessor, the Lithuanian Power Company, was a wholly state-owned enterprise that owned and operated all electrical and heating businesses in Lithuania apart from Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant. Privatization took place in 1997, when 86.5% of the shares went to the government, 8.5% to its workers, and 5% to the Swedish company Vattenfall.
In 2008, state-held shares in Lietuvos Energija were transferred to newly established energy holding company LEO LT. After dissolution of LEO LT in 2010, company's shares were transferred to Visagino Atomine Elektrine, a state-owned project company of the Visaginas Nuclear Power Plant. The company also acquired from Visagino Atomine Elektrine the operator of the largest thermal power plant in Lithuania Lietuvos Elektrinė iand relocated its headquarters to Elektrėnai.
In October, the transmission system operator Litgrid and the electricity market operator Baltpool were spun-off to the state-owned company LITGRID Turtas AB.
Market information.
The company is publicly traded on the Vilnius Stock Exchange. It owns three subsidiaries wholly: Energetikos Pajagos UAB, Kauno, Energetikos Remontas UAB, and Kruonio investicijos UAB. In 2006, it issued 75,000 bonds with a total nominal value of 7,500,000 euros. As of the end of 2007, it had issued 689,515,435 ordinary registered shares with nominal values of one litas each. Standard & Poor's gave it an A- rating during 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9814388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814388" title="Viktor Stretti">
Viktor Stretti

Viktor Stretti (1878–1957) was a well known Czech etcher and lithographer.

</doc>
<doc id="9814390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814390" title="Içara">
Içara

Içara is a city in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina. It is located 170 km south of Florianópolis, the state capital and around 890 km south of São Paulo. It is the Brazilian capital of the honey and tobacco industries, but is also very strong in plastic, ceramic tiles and chemicals.
Nearby cities are Siderópolis, Cocal do Sul, Morro da Fumaça, Maracajá, Araranguá, Nova Veneza, Forquilhinha and Criciuma.
Several small towns lie around Içara forming a metropolitan area of 250 thousand people. The most important are:

</doc>
<doc id="9814408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814408" title="TV Slagalica">
TV Slagalica

TV Slagalica (Serbian Cyrillic: ТВ Слагалица; ) or simply Slagalica is Serbia’s longest-running quiz show produced by RTS and airs on RTS1. It is based on Countdown a UK game show. It first aired on November 22, 1993. at 7 pm. It comprises five simple mind games (word, number and knowledge games). Contestants play for a spot in the quarter finals, semi finals and then the finals. Contestants win prizes as they progress.
History.
"TV Slagalica" is the longest-running quiz show which has survived competition from internationally created quiz shows with local production in Serbia (such as "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?" and "The Weakest Link").
The first show aired on November 22, 1993 under the name of "Muzička Slagalica" (). The producers changed over time, there have been a total of 20 hosts, 20 different games, 5.000 contestants, the air time has changed numerous times, the studio design has changed as well as the sponsors, prizes and the name (to TV Slagalica).
On April 7, 2006 the quiz aired its 3000th episode. Since May 2007 the show has started airing daily at 7.00PM Central European Time. It has two female hosts: Marija Veljković and Kristina Radenković.
The 70th season of "TV Slagalica" began airing in September 2011.
Programming.
"TV Slagalica" is aired according to seasons. Each season has 61 episodes and in each show there are 2 contestants. The contestants are chosen by a test conducted before the quiz is filmed. Out of the total 61 episodes in each season, 40 are qualifier shows for the quarter finals and 21 episodes are for those that have won in the previous forty episodes competing for a spot in the top 8. Each contestant gets an award even if they are defeated by their opponent. Each episode starts with the host announcing the episode number and current season and introducing the game supervisor Milka Canić.
Ratings.
Even though the quiz show is not as high tech as others, "TV Slagalica" has managed to bring in a high ratings for its network averaging approximately 1.5 million viewers on work days.
The Games.
A computer flashes letters of the Serbian alphabet. The first contestant says "stop" 12 times and therefore twelve letters are displayed. The two contestants try and work out the longest Serbian word they can make from the 12 letters. Each letter is worth 2 points. The person with a word with the more letter wins. The game is played twice (each contestant chooses the letters once).
The players randomly (by saying "stop", like in the first game) pick a three digit number and six more numbers (four single-digit numbers, one which is one of 10, 15 or 20 and one is 25, 50, 75 or 100). The players must use the six numbers and basic mathematical operations to get a result as close to the given number as possible. A 90 second time limit is imposed. After the time limit, the players report their results and the one with the closer result presents the equation. If the equation is wrong, the other player presents his equation. The game is played twice, each time one of the contestants picks the numbers.
The players are trying to guess the hidden word through 7 steps. Time takes about 5 seconds on each step, then the player in turn must guess the word. If he cannot guess, the other player tries to do it. First step is always the hardest and last step is the easiest.
The players play mastermind game. Each player plays once and has 6 attempts to guess the four symbol combination. If the player fails to do so, the other player has one attempt to guess his opponents combination. Skočko refers to the mascot of the show, which is also one of the 6 images that can form the combination. Other are playing card suits (hearts, clubs, diamonds and spades) and a star.
Ten general knowledge questions are asked. Each question is worth 10 points. If the first contestant does not know the answer the second contestant gets a chance to answer and vice versa. However, if the contestant answer incorrectly, he loses 5 points. This game brings the most points to the player.
Contestant must solve 8 associations. They have 5 minutes to do so.
Memorable old games.
The players have been offered a set of questions to which the answers are 50:50 or 3:1 chance to answer correctly (most usually yes/no questions), and then the players bid which one will have more correct answers. If the highest bidder answers the exact number of questions he bid for or more, he wins, otherwise, the other player takes points.
The players have been told about mysterious person or object and they must guess who the person/object is.
The players choose 5 numbers from the randomly chosen set of numbers. Then the player randomly chaoses a target number, which contestants must reach by using their chosen numbers. Whoever reaches the target number, or closest to it, is the winner.
The players must guess the names of books, movies etc. by the title with antonym words (for example: "A Midwinter Day's Reality" for "A Midsummer Night's Dream"). Each player has 5 titles to guess and has 5 seconds for each. After that, the other player tries to guess the ones the first player missed.
Crew.
Current crew of Slagalica:
Seasons and rankings.
As of January 2014 Slagalica is in its 81st season. Winners and rankings in each season can be seen in the table below.
Superfinals.
Besides regular seasons, as of March 2013, four superfinals (superfinala) have taken place featuring best contestants in regular seasons. The fourth superfinal was also counted as Season 60, which took place in 2009 and it included the total of 231 best competitors since the inception of TV Slagalica. Below is the table of superfinal rankings.
Trivia.
Gaming supervisor Milka Canić became somewhat of a staple television personality from Serbia, as she always starts the show by simply greeting the contestants and the host with the catchphrase "Dobro veče" ("Good Evening"), the remark which is notable for being in use for more than 10 years of the show's run, and still is to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="9814447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814447" title="NHD">
NHD

NHD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9814451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814451" title="William E. Adams">
William E. Adams

William Edward Adams (June 16, 1939 – May 25, 1971) was a Major in the United States Army who was killed in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War. He received the Medal of Honor.
Biography.
Adams was born in Casper, Wyoming. He attended Wentworth Military Academy in Lexington, Missouri, and graduated from Colorado State University in 1962. He joined the U.S. Army in Kansas City, Missouri, with the serial number 521482167. He began his tour in Vietnam on Monday, July 6, 1970. On May 25, 1971, Adams, a major, volunteered to fly a lightly armed helicopter mission to rescue three wounded soldiers from a besieged firebase in Kontum Province, despite the clear weather which would provide the numerous enemy anti-aircraft around the location with clear visibility. Despite fire from machine gun emplacements and rockets, Adams succeeded in landing at the firebase while supporting helicopter gunships attacked the enemy positions. After take off, however, the helicopter was hit by fire. Adams momentarily regained control and attempted to land, however the helicopter exploded in mid air and crashed. Adams, who was 31 at the time, was killed.
He is buried at Fort Logan National Cemetery in Denver, Colorado. His grave can be found in plot P O, Grave 3831.
Memorials.
The Vietnam War Memorial on the campus of Wentworth Military Academy is the same make and model helicopter that Adams was flying when he was killed. He is listed on the Vietnam War Memorial on panel 03W, row 054.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:

</doc>
<doc id="9814470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814470" title="Yaroun">
Yaroun

Yaroun (also spelled Yarun and in Arabic يارون) is a Lebanese village located in the Caza of Bint Jbeil in the Nabatiye Governorate in Lebanon.
Geography.
Yaroun occupies a hill with elevation ranging from 750 to 900 meters above sea level. The main agricultural products of Yaroun are olives, wheat, and tobacco.
Yaroun lies on the border with Israel. It overlooks Saliha and Kafr Bir'im in the Israeli part of the border.
Religion.
Yaroun is divided between Shia Muslims and Catholic Christians
Social Life.
While the majority of Yarounis visit Yaroun for the summer, approximately 60% to 70% of Yarouni natives reside outside of Lebanon.
Current Events.
In July 2006, Yaroun, like many other villages that string Lebanon's southern border, such as Ain Ebel, Debel, Qaouzah, and Rmaich, were caught by the gunfire between the political organization and militia Hezbollah and the Israeli army.

</doc>
<doc id="9814496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814496" title="William G. Gale">
William G. Gale

William G. Gale is the Arjay and Frances Miller Chair in Federal Economic Policy and the former vice president and director of the Economic Studies Program at the Brookings Institution. He conducts research on a variety of economic issues, focusing particularly on tax policy, fiscal policy, pensions and saving behavior. He is also co-director of the Tax Policy Center, a joint venture of the Brookings Institution and the Urban Institute. Gale attended Duke University and the London School of Economics and received his Ph.D. from Stanford University in 1987.
Prior to joining Brookings in 1992, he was an assistant professor in the Department of Economics at the University of California, Los Angeles, and a senior staff economist for the Council of Economic Advisers under President George H.W. Bush.
Publications.
Gale co-authored or co-editored several books, including "Taxing the Future: Fiscal Policy in the Bush Administration" (Brookings, 2006); "Aging Gracefully: Ideas to Improve Retirement Security in America" (Century Foundation, 2006); "The Evolving PensionTax Policy Center System: Trends, Effects, and Proposals for Reform" (Brookings, 2005); "Private Pensions and Public Policy" (Brookings, Los Angeles, California 2004); "Rethinking Estate and Gift Taxation" (Brookings, 2001), and "Economic Effects of Fundamental Tax Reform" (Brookings, 1996).
He has also written numerous scholarly research articles, including publications in the American Economic Review, Journal of Political Economy, and Quarterly Journal of Economics, and has served as editor and editorial board member of several academic journals. He has also written extensively in policy-related publications and newspapers. Gale has served on advisory boards for the Government Accountability Office, the Internal Revenue Service, the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Board of the Center on Federal Financial Institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="9814498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814498" title="Moosomin, Saskatchewan">
Moosomin, Saskatchewan

Moosomin is a town in southern Saskatchewan founded in 1882. Twenty kilometres west of the provincial boundary between Saskatchewan and Manitoba, it is in unusual and remarkable vitality as a small prairie town, its commercial vitality being substantial and its population growing: steady depopulating of rural Saskatchewan is typical nowadays. It is substantially equipped with hotels and cafes; typically among modern Canadian cities and towns, its religious communities are few and small compared with the past, it having one each of Lutheran, Anglican, Baptist and Jehovah's Witness churches.
History.
With the arrival of the Canadian Pacific Railway in 1882, Moosomin was established as the first Saskatchewan community on "steel". Originally known as "siding No. 4" and the "Moosomin Station", businesses began to establish and by 1884 the community had grown to include five general stores, five hotels, two livery stables, two blacksmiths, a doctor, a lawyer, butcher, and one printer, among other businesses. Moosomin was incorporated as a town in November 1887. R. D. McNaughton was the first merchant to arrive in Moosomin. He founded the R. D. McNaughton Company, a general store operation that played a vital role in early settlement.
The town was named after Chief Moosomin, who became well known for leading his band into treaty status. He signed Treaty 6 at Battleford in 1880.
Moosomin had several military units that were associated with the community. These included the 16th Light Horse, in the early 1900s (decade); 10th Regiment, Canadian Mounted Rifles, 1915; 217th Battalion, CEF, and the 101st Battery of the 22nd Field Regiment which was based at Moosomin Armories (presently the Community Hall). Moosomin also had a jail, the Moosomin Gaol, which is located at the site of the present day Turpie Farm. In 1905, a hospital opened, and it was the only hospital between Brandon and Indian Head. A normal school was opened, and before this time it served as the home of the Legislative Assembly for the District of Assiniboia. The first issue of the local newspaper was published October 2, 1884, and the Moosomin "World-Spectator" is the oldest weekly newspaper in Saskatchewan.
One of Moosomin's more notables is General Andrew McNaughton, born in Moosomin in 1887. In the Second World War, he commanded Canada's overseas army and then became Minister of Defence. In the interwar years he was Chairman of the National Research Council and following the Second World War was Chairman of the International Joint Commission which handled questions pertaining to the international waters along the Canada-United States border.
The social life of the early settlers of the area was limited by distances and transportation methods. Sunday church services were often held in private homes. The small one room school houses became the centre of activity in most areas. Saturday nights were often the social night of the week, when groceries and supplies were purchased. There was often entertainment in the Opera House in the R.D. McNaughton Store. Summer picnics were held in the period between summerfallowing and haying. July 1 in Moosomin was the highlight of the summer for many years, there would be a parade, sports events and refreshments. With the arrival of the automobile, social life changed accordingly.
Current development.
Moosomin grew significantly in the late 1960s and early 1970s with the construction of a major potash mine to the north. Moosomin is currently undergoing significant growth. According to Saskatchewan Health, which tracks population based on the number of health cards issued, there were 2,733 people living in Moosomin on June 30, 2010, up from 2,496 a year earlier, an increase of 227 people. The growth is due to several reasons. The PotashCorp Rocanville potash mine just north of the community is undergoing a $2.8 billion expansion, the $60 million Red Lily Wind Farm just west of the community started producing power in February 2011, since the Trans-Canada Highway was twinned through Moosomin in November 2009 several new businesses have been established along the highway, the Southeast Integrated Care Centre has become a major health care centre for a large region of southeastern Saskatchewan and southwestern Manitoba, and there has been significant activity in the local oil patch, which is at the northern end of the Bakken Formation.
Several major projects are on the drawing board in Moosomin. Land has been purchased for two major hotel developments next to the Canalta Hotel, which opened in 2010 facing the new highway, and land has been purchased for Pipestone Villas, a major residential development.

</doc>
<doc id="9814507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814507" title="William Gale">
William Gale

William Gale may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9814508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814508" title="List of Chrysler bellhousing patterns">
List of Chrysler bellhousing patterns

The following is a list of Chrysler bellhousing patterns.
Chrysler extended block pattern.
1951-1954 331 in³ industrial-use Hemi V8

</doc>
<doc id="9814510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814510" title="Hugh Burrill">
Hugh Burrill

Hugh Burrill is a Canadian television sports anchor and reporter.
Hugh was born and raised in Chalk River, Ontario. His birthday is September 9.
Burrill began his career working for numerous radio stations for a few years. His first television gig was at his current home, Citytv Toronto, working as a writer for "Breakfast Television". He was soon named the news producer and then he became an on-air personality as sports specialist for "Breakfast Television" and "CityNews @ Noon". He was then moved to "CityNews at Six" and "CityNews Tonight" Weekend Editions. 
On January 19, 2010, many Citytv staff members were laid off and several newscasts, including the weekend newscasts, were cancelled. Burrill became a sports reporter and substitute for Kathryn Humphreys as sports anchor. Weekend editions of CityNews returned in March 2011, and Burrill returned to his position of weekend sports anchor. Burrill then left the weekend news to focus on sports on their 24 hour news channel, "CityNews Channel". 
He is an avid Montreal Canadiens fan.

</doc>
<doc id="9814522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814522" title="Kalesmeno">
Kalesmeno

Kalesmeno is a district of Karpenisi in Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="9814525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814525" title="USS Alcor (AD-34)">
USS Alcor (AD-34)

USS "Alcor" (AD-34) was a destroyer tender, the lone ship in her class, named for a star (also known as the 80 Ursae Majoris) in the constellation Ursa Major.
Originally built in 1928 as SS "Dixie" at the Federal Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company in Kearny, New Jersey, she was formally acquired by the United States Navy on 3 March 1941 from the Southern Pacific Steamship lines (Morgan Line) and converted for naval service at the Bethlehem Steel Key Highway Plant in Baltimore, Maryland. The vessel was commissioned as USS "Alcor" (AG-34) on 4 September 1941 with Commander Edward A. Mitchell in command. T
Service history.
The ship got underway on 7 December to sail to Casco Bay, Maine. After completing shakedown training, she shaped a course for Norfolk, Virginia and, upon reaching that port on 19 December, became the flagship of Commander, Train, Atlantic Fleet. Re-classified a repair ship and redesignated AR-10 on 22 December 1941 "Alcor" began a tour of duty at Norfolk (repairing damage and making alterations to warships) that lasted for more than 30 months.
Her protracted sojourn at Norfolk came to an end on 4 July 1944 when the repair ship got underway for the New England coast. She reached Casco Bay on 14 July and became the flagship of Commander, Destroyers, Atlantic Fleet. She remained in Casco Bay for the next five months making repairs for various ships of the fleet. While carrying out this assignment, her designation was changed to AD-34 on 6 November 1944. In early January, 1945 the destroyer tender left the east coast, bound for the Pacific. She transited the Panama Canal and joined the Pacific Fleet on 16 January. "Alcor" continued on to Hawaii and arrived at Pearl Harbor on 3 February. She provided tender services there until 4 June, when she sailed for the Philippine Islands. While en route, the vessel was diverted to Eniwetok. After a four-day layover for a special construction project, the tender resumed her original course and arrived at Leyte on 26 June. There, she reported to Service Squadron 10 for duty and began repair work for various ships. During "Alcor's" service in the Philippines, Japan capitulated on 15 August 1945.
"Alcor" left Philippine waters on 14 September and headed for Okinawa. She reached Buckner Bay on the 18th and resumed her tender duties. She sailed for Japan on 28 February 1946. Her first stop was at Sasebo, where she carried out repair work through late March. "Alcor" then moved her operations to Yokosuka. The tender finished her tour there on 8 May, then shaped a course for the United States. After a pause en route at Pearl Harbor, the ship reached San Diego on 3 June. She sailed back through the Panama Canal and reached Norfolk on 22 June. Preparations were begun for her deactivation, and "Alcor" was decommissioned on 5 August 1946. The vessel was sold on 6 August 1946. Her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 28 August 1946; she was later scrapped in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="9814533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814533" title="2003 Arena Football League season">
2003 Arena Football League season

The 2003 Arena Football League season was the 17th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Tampa Bay Storm, who defeated the Arizona Rattlers in ArenaBowl XVII. The AFL expanded its season to a 16-game schedule. (Previously it was a 14-game schedule.)
Playoffs.
All games televised by NBC.

</doc>
<doc id="9814535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814535" title="Třemošná">
Třemošná

Třemošná (; ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It lies some to the north from the region capital of Plzeň. 
Třemošná is also the seat of the Municipality with Commissioned Local Authority within the Nýřany Municipality with Extended Competence.

</doc>
<doc id="9814544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814544" title="Waldo Gifford Leland">
Waldo Gifford Leland

Waldo Gifford Leland (1879 in Newton, Massachusetts-October 19, 1966) was an American historian and archivist whose work for the Carnegie Institution and the Library of Congress was instrumental in the founding of the National Archives. He was also served in leadership roles in a variety of historical and archival societies, including the American Council of Learned Societies, Society of American Archivists, National Park Service, and the FDR Library.
Early life.
He was born on 17 July 1879 in Newton, Massachusetts, the son of Luther Erving Leland and Ellen Gifford. His parents were both public school teachers. After graduating from Newton High School in 1896, Leland went to Brown University where he received a B.A. In 1900, he enrolled at Harvard University, earning his M.S. in history in 1901. In 1904, Leland married Gertrude Dennis, a Canadian-born violinist.
Carnegie Institution and American Historical Association.
In 1903, Harvard professor Albert Bushnell Hart offered Leland, then a teaching assistant, the opportunity to assist Claude H. Van Tyne in a survey sponsored by the newly founded Carnegie Institution of Washington. A six-month temporary assignment was the beginning of Leland’s twenty-four-year association with the institution. The Guide to the Archives of the Government of the United States in Washington (1904), coauthored by Leland and Van Tyne, was followed in 1907 by an edition revised and expanded by Leland, which established Leland as the nation’s leading authority on federal archives. During this time Leland joined the American Historical Association and served as the AHA secretary from 1909-1920, working closely with J. Franklin Jameson to lobby Congress to establish a National Archive.
National and international archival work.
After completing the Guide, Leland’s next assignment from the Carnegie Institution was to travel to repositories throughout the eastern United States to collect letters of Continental Congress delegates. He then began work on his multi-volume Guide to Materials for American History in the Libraries and Archives of Paris. From 1907-1914 and 1922-1927, he served as the Carnegie Institution’s principal representative in France. Two volumes, on libraries and on the archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, were published in 1932 and 1943. Drafts for an additional three volumes are among the Leland Papers, archived at the Library of Congress. In an associated activity, he directed the foreign copying program of the Library of Congress for French manuscripts relating to the United States. He also initiated work on what became the institution’s two-volume Calendar of Manuscripts in Paris Archives and Libraries Relating to the History of the Mississippi Valley to 1803.
In his best-known archival-related activity he worked with J. Franklin Jameson to provide documentation for the campaign to establish the National Archives. In 1926 Congress voted funds for the building’s construction, and the National Archives finally opened in 1934. Leland's influence on archival affairs, however, transcended his efforts on behalf of the National Archives. He conceived the first Conference of Archivists in the United States, which met at Columbia University in conjunction with the American Historical Association's 1909 Annual Meeting. He took this opportunity to introduce Americans to a variety of European concepts that soon became institutionalized as standard best practices in the United States and formed the basis for archival theory. His address at the 1909 conference on "American Archival Problems" remains a classic in the archival literature. Leland led a delegation of Americans to the First International Congress of Archivists and Librarians in Brussels in 1910, a meeting that set the stage for the growing global interchange of archival theories and concepts. He attended classes in Archive Economy at the Ecole des Chartres from 1913 to 1914, and continued to use American Historical Association gatherings as a venue to introduce such principals as provenance and original order to American audiences. Although he had moved away from direct participation in archival affairs by the 1920s, the Society of American Archivists recognized his contribution by electing him its second president in 1939. His two presidential addresses on "The Archivist in Times of Emergency" and "Historians and Archivists in the First World War" set an important scholarly tone for the fledgling professional association.
Founding member and leader of ACLS and ICHS.
In 1923 the International Congress of Historical Sciences (ICHS) appointed a committee that, under Leland’s guidance, led to the formation in 1926 of the International Committee of Historical Sciences. Leland initially served as the new group’s treasurer and in 1938 became its president, a position he held for ten years. During much of that period he also served as president of the Union Académique International (UAI).
In 1919, Leland acted as organizing secretary for a meeting of representatives from leading American scholarly societies in the social sciences and the humanities that led to the formation of the American Council of Learned Societies (ACLS), a step taken to create an American organization eligible for membership in the newly reorganized UAI. In 1927 the ACLS received a major grant from the Rockefeller Foundation, enabling it to secure the services of a full-time administrative officer. Leland left the Carnegie Institution to take the position. Leland served as ACLS secretary from 1927 to 1939 and as director from 1939 until his retirement in 1946.
As the ACLS representative in the negotiation of the “1935 Gentleman’s Agreement for Fair Use in Education”, Leland was heavily involved in the first official policy statement concerning the use of copyrighted materials by researchers.
Leland oversaw both the ACLS’s international cooperative activities and its domestic programs, including publication of the Dictionary of American Biography (1927-1936) and the annual Handbook of Latin American Studies, begun in 1935. Through Leland’s efforts, the ACLS distributed money to individual scholars to support research and publications. Also, through fellowships and the sponsorship of scholarly conferences, the ACLS was able to encourage the development of area studies in the United States for Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Iranian, Slavic, Near Eastern, and Latin American culture and civilization.
Work in UNESCO, FDR Library, and National Park Service.
During the interwar years he worked with the League of Nations and served as a delegate to the 1945 London conference that led to the establishment of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and to the 1948 UNESCO General Conference in Beirut. From 1946 to 1949 he served as vice-chairman (under Milton Eisenhower) of the United States National Commission for UNESCO. He also served two terms during this period as President of the Society of American Archivists.
After his retirement from the ACLS in 1946, Leland became active in the promotion and development of the FDR Library, testifying before Congress, giving speeches, and working with architects and designers. He served as Chair of the Executive Committee of the FDR Library Foundation of from 1946-1952.
Leland became chairman of the Advisory Board of the National Park Service in 1935 and remained in that position until the 1950s. The board had a strong influence in the development and management of the NPS. It not only advised the Secretary of Interior and the NPS director on policy, but it evaluated new areas proposed for addition to the system. It developed policy guidelines on matters related to historical sites and buildings and embraced the development and safeguarding of all parks in the system.
Congress passed an act in 1955 addressing the role of the NPS with regard to historic properties. There was particular concern that the integration of historic sites and buildings into the NPS, which had been authorized earlier in the 1950s, be appropriate. The act was stimulated by discussion over the Rockefeller family’s development of Williamsburg. A commission under Leland’s direction was sent to Europe to study the mechanisms for historical preservation used there.
Waldo Leland died on October 19, 1966, at age 87.
Awards, prizes, and memorials.
Among the honors he received were honorary degrees conferred by Brown University in 1929, University of Rochester in 1939, Northwestern University in 1944, University of Colorado in 1943, and University of North Carolina in 1946. He had been named director emeritus of the ACLS in recognition of his years of service, and he received the Pugsley Medal in 1949 for his service to the National Park System. The Society of American Archivists established a Prize in his honor in 1959. The American Historical Association established a prize in his memory in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9814545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814545" title="Hatano Jazz Band">
Hatano Jazz Band

Hatano Jazz Band (Japanese: Hatano Orchestra ハタノ・オーケストラ) was the first jazz band in Japan and was founded by graduates from Toyo Music School in 1912. The leader of the band was Fukutaro Hatano who went on to become a songwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="9814548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814548" title="Arizona State Route 277">
Arizona State Route 277

State Route 277 (SR 277) is a highway in Navajo County, Arizona that runs from its junction with SR 260 in Heber to its junction with SR 377 in Snowflake. It is an east–west route.
Route description.
SR 277 is a highway that provides a direct route connecting Heber and Snowflake. It does not pass through any other cities or towns. The western terminus is located at an intersection with SR 260 east of Heber. The highway heads northeast from this intersection and curves towards the east prior to an intersection with SR 377. SR 377 heads northeast to Holbrook while SR 377 continues to the east. It heads east to an intersection with a spur route that provides access to a paper mill. SR 277 heads northeast from this junction and curves back towards the east as it enter the Snowflake city limits. The highway reaches its eastern terminus at an intersection sith SR 77 in Snowflake.

</doc>
<doc id="9814576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814576" title="Citizens Here and Abroad">
Citizens Here and Abroad

Citizens Here and Abroad is an indie rock group from San Francisco, California, United States. They formed in 2002.
Band history.
Citizens Here and Abroad was formed in 2002 when Adrienne Robillard and Dan Lowrie, following the breakup of their previous band Secadora, happened to move into an apartment across the street from Dealership drummer Chris Wetherell. Neighborly talking led to musical collaboration. Taking their name from a 1953 Girl Scout manual discovered on a bookshelf at a boozy Oakland house party, the trio cemented their lineup with Dealership bass player/vocalist Chris Groves.
Their sound has been described as dreamy and cerebral. While their songs are built on catchy melodies, they don't tend to follow traditional verse-chorus-verse song structure, opting for a more experimental approach to composition.
In 2004, their debut album, "Ghosts of Tables and Chairs" was released on Omnibus Records. The band toured the US and the UK in support of the album, and the track "Appearances" ended up being used in the U.S. television teen soap opera, The O.C.
Their follow-up album, "Waving, Not Drowning" (see Not Waving but Drowning) was released in 2006 on Turn Records.
Discography.
Albums
Compilations

</doc>
<doc id="9814582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814582" title="Ocotillo Wells, California">
Ocotillo Wells, California

Ocotillo Wells" is an unincorporated community in San Diego County, California. It is west of the Imperial County line on State Route 78 at an elevation of . The name became official in 1962 when it was adopted for federal use by the Board of Geographic Names. A federally recognized variant name, Ocotillo"', can cause confusion. The community of Ocotillo, in Imperial County, is only to the southeast.
The ZIP Code is 92004 and the community is in area code 760. The prefix for wired telephones is 767, which is shared with Borrego Springs.
Local landmarks.
Ocotillo Wells County Airport offers two dirt runways. Runway extents are marked by white paving blocks. The Los Puertecitos Historic Site is on State Route 78 about west of the community. Gasoline is available in Borrego Springs ( west), in Westmorland ( east) and at the Blu-In Cafe ( east). Gas may not always be available the Blu-In Cafe which, besides the gas station, operates a restaurant, store, and RV park.
Several other small businesses sell off-road accessories and rent all-terrain vehicles. Most businesses in the area are closed during the summer months. My Desert Rose, which was a traditional restaurant located at the intersection of Highway 78 and Split Mountain Road, burned down in 2008.
The Split Mountain Store and the Iron Door are located about south of Highway 78 on Split Mountain Road. Both of these businesses are open part time during the summer and full time during the cooler months. The Split Mountain Store stocks a little bit of everything including groceries, beer, and parts for sand buggies and trucks. The Iron Door, a small bar, has a private club, two pool tables and serves beer, wine and some food. Countless local artifacts are on display in the bar, where several layers of decorated dollar bills are stapled to the walls.The iron has had some celebrity clientele Clint Eastwood wore an iron door shirt in one of his movies
Education.
There are no schools in Ocotillo Wells. The community is served by the Borrego Springs Unified School District.
Off-road recreation.
The California Department of Parks and Recreation operates the Ocotillo Wells State Vehicle Recreation Area which borders the community. This off-road vehicle area is part of the department's Southern Division, Ocotillo Wells District which is headquartered in Borrego Springs.
Free camping is available at numerous locations along State Route 78. The most popular of these are Main Street, Holmes Camp, County Line Road, and Pole Line Road. Each of these areas have ample access to numerous trails that provide a challenge to riders of all skill levels. A wide variety of off road vehicles can be operated within the park. Any vehicle with a license plate or off road registration is legal.
Features in the park include:
A map of these locations as well as numerous other trails is available at the ranger station.

</doc>
<doc id="9814583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814583" title="Au nord de notre vie">
Au nord de notre vie

Au nord de notre vie ("In the North of Our Lives") is an album by CANO, released in 1977.
"Au nord de notre vie" was the band's second album and its last with founding member André Paiement. The 1980 National Film Board documentary "Cano - notes sur une expérience collective" documents the recording of this album and highlights each member in the studio.

</doc>
<doc id="9814597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814597" title="'Tis Harry I'm Plannin' to Marry">
'Tis Harry I'm Plannin' to Marry

'Tis Harry I'm Plannin' to Marry is a popular song, with music by Sammy Fain and lyrics by Paul Francis Webster.
The song was included in the hit musical "Calamity Jane" (1953). It is featured twice in the film, first sung by the character Adelaide Adams and secondly partly sung in the Golden Garter by Katie Brown (Allyn McLerie).
Lyrics.
When you turn to the subject of Harry
That's a horse from a different safari. 
He can box like a fox, he's as dumb as an ox
But it's Harry I'm planning to marry
My heart's twined around his suspenders
He's the one that I truly adore 
I'm numb, I succumb when he renders 
The face on the bar room floor
When he flexes his muscles, I flutter 
Like a butterfly caught in a shutter 
When he calls me his mate
I just disintegrate
Since the world first began (Since the world first began)
Never been such a man (Never been such a man)
Who could love like he can
So it's Harry I'm planning to marry!

</doc>
<doc id="9814639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814639" title="Hypoxis">
Hypoxis

Hypoxis is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Hypoxidaceae. The genus has an "almost cosmopolitan" distribution, occurring in Africa, the Americas, Asia, and Australia. Europe lacks native species. Most species are in the Southern Hemisphere, especially in southern Africa. Common names for the genus include star-grass, star lily, yellow stars, African potato, and stars. 
Description.
These plants are perennial herbs with corms or rhizomes. Some have tubers. The aboveground herbage is a layered cluster of lance-shaped, linear, or hairlike leaves, sometimes sheathed together at the bases. The blades are usually at least slightly hairy. The flowers are borne on a short, stemlike scape in a raceme or umbel arrangement, or sometimes singly. The flower has six yellow tepals which may be hairy, especially on the undersides. The undersides may also be whitish or tinged green or red. Occasional flowers have 4 or 8 tepals. The fruit is a capsule with a few to many small, oily seeds.
The seeds are needed to identify many species. Most have seeds less than 2 millimeters long, so microscopic examination is required.
Uses.
"Hypoxis" plants have long played a role in traditional African medicine; "H. hemerocallidea" and "H. colchicifolia" are the best known species used to make medicine and teas. The corms of the former are used in the treatment of AIDS, and the plant has been called a "wonder herb" and "miracle cure". "Hypoxis" roots are widely touted as boosters of immune system function in AIDS patients by the media and even by the South African Ministry of Health. This claim has not been tested in research.
Species.
Sources have estimated 90 or 100 to 150 species in the genus. , the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families recognized 90 species:

</doc>
<doc id="9814667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814667" title="Buck Hill Falls, Pennsylvania">
Buck Hill Falls, Pennsylvania

Buck Hill Falls is a private resort community in the Pocono Mountains of Northeastern Pennsylvania.
The settlement was founded in 1901 as a Quaker retreat by a group of Friends from Philadelphia, including Charles F. Jenkins who became and remained the president of the Buck Hill Falls Company until his death in 1951.
The Inn at Buck Hill Falls, originally a small wooden hostelry, expanded ultimately to a large new stone building in 1926 and enjoyed popularity into the 1970s and 1980s. By the time of its closure, the Inn boasted over 400 guest rooms along with numerous resort amenities, including an indoor swimming pool with a retractable glass roof, elegant and formal lobby spaces, and a white linen dining room where guests were feted with fine food while occasionally enjoying live harpsichord music. Another major feature of the Inn was the north porch, a huge covered stone structure with exceptional views of the surrounding Pocono mountains. Guests could take afternoon tea and relax in rocking chairs looking out over the mountains. However, changes in ownership, financial troubles, and several fires led to the closing of the Inn in the early 1990s. Although there was no single cause of the Inn's failure, the decline in the costs of air travel, allowing vacationers from New York and Philadelphia to avoid the long drive into the Poconos was certainly a major factor in its demise. The Inn property was bought recently.
At Buck Hill Falls Rexford Tugwell, while in charge of the New Deal's Resettlement Administration, conducted a June 1935 conference on the future of housing and resettlement. Stuart Taylor also attended, as did Eleanor Roosevelt, who considered herself to be an observer. "You cannot just build houses and tell people to go and live in them. They must be taught how to live," said Mrs. Roosevelt.
There is still a very active community of both summer and year-round residents, many of whom come for a summer retreat from New York City or Philadelphia. Many families have been coming to Buck Hill for generations.
The community still has the amenities of its past as a popular Quaker resort, including a 27-hole Donald Ross-designed golf course, 10 tennis courts, and an Olympic-sized swimming pool. The nearby villages of Mountainhome and Canadensis provide places to shop.
Buck Hill Falls is known for its natural beauty including its namesake waterfall, the annual Buck Hill Art Association Art Show, one of the premier cultural events in Northeastern Pennsylvania, and the Foxhowe Association, which sponsors lectures and oversees the Friends meeting for worship in the summer. The Buck Hill Lawn Bowling Association has also hosted National Finals several times. Also, the Buck Hill Conservation Foundation is very actively buying easements, and maintaining expansive trails throughout the of forest surrounding the settlement.
Most recently, Buck Hill Falls (in partnership with neighboring Skytop, PA) became the home of the Buck Hill-Skytop Music Festival, the Poconos' premier classical music venue, featuring Opera, Chamber Music, and Jazz.
In 2000, the Buck Hill Inn was used as a location for MTV's "Fear", and several liberties were taken with its history, including claiming that Buck Hill Falls was the site of 73 murders, the suicide of one maid, and one room being built on ley lines, as well as ghost sightings. Obviously, none of this has been proven to be true, yet the Inn still has rumors of being haunted from the local residents.
In July 2003, The Buck Hill Inn was reported on fire due to arson. Two men were arrested and were both charged with arson, trespassing, burglary, criminal mischief, risking catastrophe, and other offenses. The two men started three fires in the Inn's Library, the main lobby, and a recreational building on the property that spread to a nearby annex. Because of the damage done to the historical Buck Hill Inn, there is great debate whether to demolish the building, or to restore it completely. 

</doc>
<doc id="9814704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814704" title="Denis Tunnicliffe, Baron Tunnicliffe">
Denis Tunnicliffe, Baron Tunnicliffe

Denis Tunnicliffe, Baron Tunnicliffe CBE (born 17 January 1943) is a British pilot and railwayman.
The son of Arthur and Ellen Tunnicliffe, he was educated at Henry Cavendish School in Derby and University College, London, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in mathematics in 1965. He was further educated at the College of Air Training in Hamble and worked then for British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) and later British Airways from 1966 to 1986. Until 1972, he was co-pilot. 
From 1986 to 1988, Tunnicliffe was chief executive of the Aviation Division of International Leisure Group. For London Underground Ltd, he was managing director between 1988 and 1998 and chairman between 1998 and 2000. Tunnicliffe was chief executive of London Regional Transport from 1998 to 2000 and chairman of the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority from 2002 to 2004. Since 2003 he is chairman of the Rail Safety and Standards Board. For the British Airline Pilots' Association, he was a member between 1966 and 1972, and local council member from 1969 to 1972.
Tunnicliffe is Trustee of Homerton College, Cambridge and council member of Royal Holloway, University of London. In 1993, he was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) and on 2 June 2004, he was created a life peer as Baron Tunnicliffe, of Bracknell in the County of Berkshire.
Since 1968, he has been married to Susan Dale. They have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="9814731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814731" title="Gavrilov">
Gavrilov

Gavrilov (Cyrillic alphabet: Гаврилов), or Gavrilova (feminine; Гаврилова) is a Slavic last name, derived from the first name "Гаврила", "Гаврило" (Gavrila, Gavrilo, i.e., Gabriel). It was also transliterated in other languages as Gawrilov, Gawriloff, Gavriloff; Belarusian: Haurylau,(Гаўрылаў); Ukrainian: Gavryliv (Гаврилів). It is one of the most common surnames in Russia and Bulgaria and former Soviet states such as Kazakhstan.
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9814750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814750" title="D-8 Armored Car">
D-8 Armored Car

D-8 (Dyrenkov-8) was an early Soviet armored vehicle built in 1932-34. Only around 25 were built; it was quickly superseded by the FAI armoured car. Both were assembled in the Izhorsky Factory near Leningrad.
Design.
As a result of their extensive experience with armored cars during the Civil War, the Soviets showed a great deal of interest in developing more modern versions during the 1930s. However, their initial efforts were slowed until the rejuvenation of the Russian automobile industry which began in the late 1920s. The Soviets saw the armored car as falling into two primary classes; light and heavy. This classification was based more on armament than on weight. Light armored cars were armed with machine guns while heavy armored cars were armed with tank guns.
The earlier armored car designs, such as the BA-27, were based on a truck chassis. Following the BA-27 project, the next projects were undertaken at the Izhorskiye Factory in Kolpino on the basis of newly imported Ford Model A automobiles, and their Soviet copies, the GAZ-A. The chassis for most armored cars of the 1930s were built by the KIM plant in Moscow and the Gorkiy plant in Nizhny Novgorod. The latter plant was originally known as the Nizhny Novgorod Automobile plant (NAZ), but was renamed as the Gorkiy Automobile Plant (GAZ) in the mid-1930s. These chassis were shipped to the armored car manufacturers (primarily the Izhorskiy and the smaller but longer established Vyksinskiy plant), where the armored bodies were mounted on the chassis and final assembly was undertaken. Prior to 1931, the imported Ford Timken chassis was used for some Soviet armored cars. While this chassis was available thereafter, the provision of series production technology to the USSR by Henry Ford in 1931-32 gave a major boost to Soviet armored car production. It provided readymade chassis for both light (Ford/GAZ-A and Ford/GAZ-AA-based) and heavy (GAZ-AAA-based) armored cars. ZiS was also later to provide 6×4 chassis for limited production heavy armored cars. 
The D-8 Armored vehicle, designed in 1931 by N. I. Dyrenkov, was relatively light and had no turret. The design utilized a licensed passenger car Ford A chassis. Two machine guns were used on hull's sides, not providing a 360-degree coverage. The D-8 had a two man crew sitting back to back so that the rear man could fire a rear-mounted machine gun. In 1932, the D-8 was upgraded with small turrets and had the DT machine gun mounted in it in order to reduce the vehicle's vulnerability. The D-8 was quickly phased out of production in lieu of the heavier and better equipped FAI armoured car.
D-12.
D-12 (Dyrenkov-12) was a Soviet light armored car based on the GAZ-A automobile. It was a further development of N.I. Dyrenkov's D-8 design. It was intended for infantry support and anti-aircraft roles. The fighting compartment had an open roof, where a 7.62mm PM-1910 or DT anti-aircraft machine gun was ring mounted. A 7.62 mm DT machine gun was also mounted in the front right of the vehicle. The original prototype contained ball mounts for DT machine guns which were not included in the production versions since it was excessive armament for the crew.
The D-12 was produced alongside the D-8 at the Izhorskiy Factory. It was heavier than the D-8 but exhibited similar performance. Final testing took place in late 1931 together with the D-8. The D-12 was accepted into service with the Red Army and a small number were built at the Moscow Auto Zavod in 1932. The D-12 served during the early 1930s and was observed on Red Square during November 7th parades. Some vehicles remained in service during the war in 1941 and a few participated in the victory parade in Mongolia in 1945.
Combat History.
The D-8 was first used by Republican forces in the Spanish Civil War. D-8 was delivered as part of the USSR’s military aid. The D-8 and D-12 light armored cars were primarily used in a reconnaissance role versus a pure combat role. One D-8 was captured and used by the Finish Defense Force during the Winter War against the Red Army.

</doc>
<doc id="9814760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814760" title="Vermont Defendant Accommodation Project">
Vermont Defendant Accommodation Project

The Vermont Defendant Accommodation Project ("VDAP") was a two year case study conducted by Philip J. Kinsler, Anna Saxman, and Daniel B. Fishman aimed at identifying, assessing, and accommodating the special needs of mentally retarded criminal defendants.
Background.
The VDAP was originally conducted to understand the difficulty mentally retarded criminal defendants have navigating the criminal justice system. During the study, however, the authors found that mentally retarded criminal defendants often suffered from a combination of disorders, such as:
The VDAP authors labeled individuals with a combination of disorders as suffering from Horrible Life Disorder (“HLD”). This term is purposefully sensational to illustrate the extreme challenges that individuals with multiple disorders face in life and in the criminal justice system.
The first step in providing defendant accommodations to mentally retarded defendants and sufferers of HLD is recognizing signs of disability. This first step may be difficult for untrained attorneys because defendants often try to mask their disabilities during their short interaction with the court system. In fact, the VDAP authors found that attorneys often did not believe that defendants had disabilities that they did not recognize. One solution is to make sure defendants explain answers to questions rather than accepting a simple “yes.” Another solution is to train attorneys to recognize disabilities during initial client interviews. By asking clients about special education programs, IEP’s, mental health and substance abuse counseling, attorneys could determine whether accommodations are appropriate in the legal context. 
Once a mentally retarded defendant is identified, the VDAP provides a list of accommodations to consider. First, attorneys should question whether their clients’ disabilities affected the voluntariness of their consent to searches, statements, or waiver of other rights. Secondly, the court should determine whether a “cognitive facilitator” is necessary to guide the defendant through the legal process by asking the court to use simple language or to slow down if the defendant needs further explanation. Third, the court, prosecutors, and defense counsel should ensure that defendants understand the legal obligations created by pretrial release, guilty pleas, and probation conditions. Finally, the VDAP suggests that the criminal justice system should use extensive case management for the mentally retarded and sufferers of HLD. This approach would provide housing, sheltered employment, substance abuse counseling, and mental health services rather than using the criminal justice system as the “institution of last resort” for disabled defendants.
Vermont Initiatives for Defendant Accommodaiton.
One successful Vermont initiative for defendant accommodation noted in the VDAP was pioneered by Associate Justice Marilyn Skoglund of the Vermont Supreme Court. Justice Skoglund conducted a study to determine the required reading level for understanding court documents. The study revealed that standard conditions of release and conditions of probation forms required a 12th grade reading level—even though 95% of typical defendants in Vermont have not finished high school. In response, Justice Skoglund revised the standard conditions and application for public defender services to require an 8th grade reading level.
The VDAP provides many suggestions for defendant accommodation, such as a revised Miranda warning for mentally retarded defendants and sufferers of HLD: 
Source: "Vermont Defendant Accommodation Project", "Public Policy, and Law", Vol. 10, No. 1/2, pg. 147 (2004)
National statistics.
Source: Bureau of Justice Statistics Special Report, September 2006

</doc>
<doc id="9814798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814798" title="C-Clamp (stagecraft)">
C-Clamp (stagecraft)

In stagecraft, a c-clamp can refer to a number of different pieces of hardware, depending on its intended use.
Lighting and sound.
In stage lighting and sound a c-clamp, also referred to as a pipe clamp, is used to attach a larger piece of hardware, such as a lighting instrument, a speaker, or a dimmer, to a pipe or batten. Newer c-clamps tend to be constructed of aluminum, although steel is also available. 
C-clamps function by affixing a bolt (the "shaft bolt") to the hardware they are to hold in place, such as through the yoke of a lighting instrument, and securely fastening this bolt to the clamp shaft. The open end of the clamp is then placed over the batten, and a bolt (the "clamp bolt") is tightened to secure the c-clamp. C-clamps for stage lighting fixtures usually also have a pan screw (also known as a "grub bolt"), which when loosened will allow the clamp shaft, and therefore the fixture, to be rotated 360 degrees while maintaining a secure connection to the batten.
When using c-clamps care must be taken to not over-torque the clamp bolt which affixes the clamp to the batten. If this bolt is overtightened, it can easily dimple or "drill" into the batten seriously compromising the strength of the batten.
Film and television.
Film and television grips commonly make use of c-clamps that are manufactured specifically for their industry. These clamps are produced with integrated studs designed to accept the mounting hardware from a variety of small, lightweight lighting fixtures, allowing illumination to be placed in unusual or awkward locations quickly and easily.
Carpentry.
C-clamps are commonly used in theatrical carpentry for the same purpose that non-theatrical carpenters employ them: for creating a quick, temporary, and non-destructive way of joining two objects together. Legs are commonly attached to platforms via c-clamp before they are fastened together using a more permanent method (i.e. bolts). Multi-platform assemblies are also commonly joined to one another solely with c-clamps, especially in touring situations where a set needs to be assembled and struck quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="9814807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814807" title="Negative Trend">
Negative Trend

Negative Trend was an early San Francisco punk rock band, active from 1977–1979. Before they disbanded, the band released one self-titled EP in September 1978.
The former members of Negative Trend would go on to start a number of other notable western US punk bands. Soon after the breakup of Negative Trend, bassist Will Shatter and early drummer Steve DePace went on to be founding members of Flipper, while guitarist Craig Gray and drummer Tim Mooney were among the founding members of the Toiling Midgets. Former vocalists Rozz Rezabek and Rik L. Rik went on to become notable punk singers in their own right.

</doc>
<doc id="9814810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814810" title="Svenska Kraftnät">
Svenska Kraftnät

Svenska Kraftnät is an electricity and natural gas transmission system operator in Sweden. It is a state-owned public utility, which was created in 1992 by splitting the former government agency Vattenfall into a power generation company (Vattenfall AB) and a transmission company. The company has its headquarters in Sundbyberg, near Stockholm in Sweden.
Svenska Kraftnät owns 20% of Nord Pool Spot along with other Nordic transmission system operators.
Svenska Kraftnät is the issuer of the national Guarantees of Origin mandated by the government. 

</doc>
<doc id="9814819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814819" title="Park Heights, Baltimore">
Park Heights, Baltimore

Park Heights is an area of Northwest Baltimore, Maryland that is found mostly in zip code 21215. It is identified by Park Heights Avenue, the main street that runs through the community, and is best known to outsiders as the home of Pimlico Race Track.
Park Heights has two basic subdivisions: Lower Park Heights, which runs from Park Circle to Northern Parkway, is filled mostly filled with rowhouses, and Upper Park Heights, the newer section, which runs from Northern Parkway up, is filled with single-family homes, duplexes, luxury apartments and condos.
Park Heights is known for its ethnic communities. In Upper Park Heights (Slade Avenue to Northern Parkway), the area is populated with Orthodox Jews, middle-class African Americans, and immigrants from various countries. The Jewish community was larger throughout the first half of the twentieth century, but it has largely moved into nearby Pikesville, Reisterstown and Owings Mills.
Lower Park Heights (Northern Parkway to Park Circle), once a middle-class area, is currently populated mostly with lower and working class African-Americans and immigrants.
Some sections of lower Park Heights house home owners and retirees. These sections, especially in the Greenspring corridor, are very nice neighborhoods.
Park Heights boasts one of the largest foreign born Black populations in Baltimore City, specifically in the areas surrounding Belvedere Avenue, with immigrants from Jamaica, Trinidad, Haiti, and other Caribbean countries.
Public transportation.
The Park Heights area is served by plenty of public transportation, provided by the Maryland Transit Administration.
On all parts of Park Heights Avenue itself, Bus Route 54 provides frequent single-seat service. Bus service is also provided on small portions of Park Heights Avenue by Routes 58 and 97. Route 53 also operates nearby on the parallel Reisterstown Road, and Routes 27, 33, 44, 60, and 91 operate on streets crossing Park Heights Avenue.
The Baltimore Metro Subway has several stations within a close walk of the Park Heights area.
There are also many shuttles provided for senior citizens by various apartments and non-profit organizations.
Crime.
During the past few decades, the Lower Park Heights area has had high crime rates, and is ranked by the Baltimore Police Department as one of the highest per capita crime areas of the city. Factors contributing to the majority of crime include rival gangs, drug locations, and ethnic diversity among African Americans, Czechs, and other immigrants.
Over the years, various city officials have attempted to take steps to reduce crime in the area and improve safety for residents. These measures have included improved police presence, surveillance cameras, and redevelopment or remodelling of abandoned structures.
Since the 1980s, there have been Town watch groups working with the police departments to improve public safety. Among the groups are the Northwest Citizens Patrol, NorthEast Citizens on Patrol and Shomrim.

</doc>
<doc id="9814856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814856" title="Tous dans l'même bâteau">
Tous dans l'même bâteau

"Tous dans l'même bâteau" ("All in the Same Boat") was the debut album by Canadian progressive rock group CANO, released in 1976. The album was produced by Luc Cousineau and Jon Red Mitchell.

</doc>
<doc id="9814881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814881" title="Who's Last">
Who's Last

"Who's Last" is the second live album by British band The Who, recorded in 1982 during what was then billed as the band's "farewell tour". Thus, this album, released in 1984, was to be the band's "last" album.
Most of the album was taken from the band's 14 December 1982 show at Richfield Coliseum in Cleveland, Ohio, which was their "last concert in the USA" (as Pete Townshend can be heard saying after "Won't Get Fooled Again") this time around. At least two other songs ("Magic Bus" and "Summertime Blues") are from the 20 October show at the Kingdome in Seattle.
Notable by their absence from this recording, released by MCA two years after the tour, are songs from the band's two recent Warner Bros. Records albums, "Face Dances" and "It's Hard", although they played "The Quiet One" (from "Face Dances") and several songs from "It's Hard" every night on the tour.
Five songs from this tour were released as bonus tracks to the 1997 editions of "Face Dances" ("The Quiet One" from Shea Stadium on 12 October 1982), and "It's Hard" ("It's Hard," "Eminence Front," "Dangerous" and Cry If You Want" from Toronto on 17 December 1982, the first three of which were later included on the 2007 release "Live from Toronto".) While that album is from the same tour, it does not contain any of the performances on "Who's Last".
Track listing.
All songs written by Pete Townshend, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9814902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814902" title="Tomb of Eve">
Tomb of Eve

The Tomb of Eve, also known as Eve's Grave and Eve's Tomb, is an archeological site located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia (). It is considered by some Muslims to be the burial place of Eve. In 1975, the site was sealed with concrete by religious authorities, who abhor pilgrims praying at tombs.
Richard Francis Burton mentions seeing it in his translation of the "Book of a Thousand Nights and a Night". 
Mentions.
Angelo Pesce mentions this site in his book on Jeddah. He mentions the earliest documented mention of the tomb is: In Hamdani (10th century) who states 'It has been related that Adam was in Mine when he felt a yearning to see Eve ... that Eve had come from Juddah, and that he knew her on Arafat. The first one to speak of Eve's tomb as being in Jeddah is Idrisi (mid-12th century). However, Ibn Jubayr (late 12th century), writing from direct experience (unlike Idrisi, he went to Jeddah for the pilgrimage) state that in Jeddah 'is a place having an ancient and lofty dome, which is said to have been the lodging place of Even ... when on her way to Mecca...Ibn Al-Mujawir (13th century) makes a clear reference to the Tomb of Eve in Jeddah, and so does Ibn Khallikan (13th century). Ibn Battutah (14th century) ignores the matter altogether. Historians like Tabari, Masudi, and others state that, according to tradition, Eve is buried in Jeddah, but fail to give any detail of her tomb.
Dimensions.
Émile-Félix Gautier estimates the length of the tomb to about 130 meters.
Noted publicist Sirdar Ikbal Ali Shah mentions about the dimensions:
Eve must have been a lady of formidable proportions, for the original grave, I was told, was some eight feet long. It was as well, therefore, that she had not survived to welcome us in the flesh, for although it is rumored that we Moslims have an eye for ladies of heroic proportion we draw the line at the titanic. But I was told that the grave had mysteriously extended itself by the time I arrived to its present gigantic proportions.
Aun Ar-Rafiq (Amir in Hijaz 1882-1905) tried to demolish the tomb, but this caused a public outcry. He then said: "But think you that 'our mother' was so tall? If the stupidity is international, let the tomb stand"
References.
It is also mentioned in "Seven Pillars of Wisdom" by T.E. Lawrence in Chapter VIII.
3. Lawrence, T.E. (1921). "Seven Pillars of Wisdom."

</doc>
<doc id="9814924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814924" title="Eclipse (CANO album)">
Eclipse (CANO album)

Eclipse was the third album by Canadian progressive rock band CANO, released in 1978. The album was produced by Gene Martynec. It was the band's first album to include English language material. Most of the album was recorded shortly after founding member André Paiement committed suicide.

</doc>
<doc id="9814951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814951" title="History of Lake Charles, Louisiana">
History of Lake Charles, Louisiana

History.
18th and 19th centuries.
Early historical events, settlement and incorporation.
While several American Indian tribes are known to have lived in the area occupied by present-day Lake Charles, the first European settlers arrived in the 1760s. 
In 1781 Martin LeBleu and his wife, Dela Marion, of Bordeaux, France were the first recorded Europeans to settle in the area now known as the LeBleu Settlement. Charles Sallier, one of the first settlers, married LeBleu's daughter, Catherine LeBleu; the Salliers built their home on the beach in what is current-day Lake Charles. The area on the east side of the Calcasieu River was defined as the southern part of the "Neutral Ground" until ratification of the Adams-Onís Treaty that was ratified in 1821. The infamous pirate, Jean Lafitte, once delivered stolen slaves and contraband to James Bowie and other plantation owners in the area. By 1860 the area become known as Charles Town in Sallier's honor.
The Rio Hondo, which flowed through Lake Charles, was later called "Quelqueshue," a Native American term meaning "Crying Eagle". Transliterated through French, this became the name of Calcasieu Parish. On March 7, 1861, Lake Charles was officially incorporated as the town of Charleston, Louisiana.
Industrial growth and the Civil War.
The city's growth was fairly slow until Captain Daniel Goos, a Frisian by birth, came to the city in 1855. Goos established a lumber mill and schooner dock, in what became known as Goosport. He promoted a profitable trade with Texan and Mexican ports by sending his schooner downriver into the Gulf of Mexico. Until the arrival of Goos, a man named Jacob Ryan dominated the lumber industry. Between 1817 and 1855, timber sales from longleaf pine and bald cypress remained the city's primary source of economic revenue.
Jacob Ryan convinced the state government to move the parish seat to Lake Charles from its former location at Marion, a settlement about eight miles (13 km) upriver. Later that year, Ryan and Samuel Kirby transferred the parish courthouse and jail by barge to the then-named Charleston. Six years after the city was incorporated, dissatisfaction over the name Charleston arose; on March 16, 1867, Charleston, Louisiana, was renamed and incorporated as the town of Lake Charles.
By the time of the U.S. Civil War, many Americans from the North, along with a large influx of continental Europeans and Jews, had come to settle the area. Attitudes toward slavery in Lake Charles were mixed, as slavery was secondary to business interests. In fact, fewer than five percent of the population were slaves. Many citizens became involved in the war. Some local families supported the Confederacy, while others supported the cause of the Union.
After the Civil War.
In the years following the Civil War, Lake Charles regained its status as a lumbering center. Especially in the 1880s, the city saw an increase in population and economic demand largely due to an innovative advertising campaign by J.B. Watkins. Thanks to this campaign, the city's population grew four-hundred percent during this decade.
Using the pine wood from the city's mills, construction of large Victorian mansions transformed Lake Charles during the 1890s. Carpenters competed with verve to out-build each other with their use of elaborate fretwork and decoration. The area of present-day Lake Charles located just east of downtown is known as the "Charpentier" Historic District from the French word for carpenter and features unique homes from this era.
Twentieth century.
In 1910, a great fire, known as the "Great Fire of 1910" devastated much of the city. The 1890 courthouse, along with most of downtown Lake Charles, was destroyed. Two months afterwards, the Louisiana legislature divided the former "Imperial Calcasieu Parish" into the current parishes of Allen, Beauregard, Cameron, Jefferson Davis and Calcasieu. However, Lake Charles soon rebuilt itself and continued to grow and expand.
After World War II, Lake Charles experienced industrial growth with the onset of the petrochemical refining industries. The Lake Charles Civic Center, built on reclaimed land on the lakefront in the 1970s, hosted many national shows, acts, and pop singers such as Elvis. The city grew to a high of some 80,000 people in the early 1980s, but with local economic recession, the population declined. With the advent of the gaming industry, the city has begun again to see growth. As of the 2000 census, the city had a total population of 71,757.
Present day.
Lake Charles suffered extensive damage from Hurricane Rita, which struck the city as a Category 3 storm early September 24, 2005. On September 22, the mayor ordered a mandatory evacuation of the city, and approximately ninety percent of the residents left. Evacuees were asked to not return for 48 hours, due to wind and flood damage. There was extensive damage to the city's electrical grid, and many areas did not have power restored for up to three weeks.
On June 20, 2006, a Citgo petroleum plant located in Sulphur, Louisiana released between of oil into the Calcasieu Ship Channel. The United States Coast Guard was called in to contain the spilled oil, which had by this time flowed down the Calcasieu River. Because of the disaster, the Coast Guard had to close many waterways, including the Calcasieu River Channel and a one-mile (1.6 km) stretch of the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. The Port of Lake Charles remained closed for some time after the accident due to contamination.
Oil prices surged to over $74 per barrel in part due to the Citgo spillage. The Calcasieu Refining Co., which normally processes of oil a day, was working at low levels for weeks after the incident.
As part of the city's recovery from Hurricane Rita, elected officials proposed a plan to renovate the downtown area to make it more attractive and pedestrian-friendly. A primary concern for the downtown revitalization was to include quality and affordable housing. To fund this proposal, officials proposed a city-wide bond issue. To date, about one third of the 90-million dollar bond proposal has been spent. The Lakefront Promenade is currently under construction, as is the 52-berth marina just south of the Civic Center grounds. The monies issued from the bond will also be used for other capital projects throughout the city.
In 2008, a report showed that overall criminal offenses were down 15%, and major crimes were down 9% in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="9814959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814959" title="Ogilby, California">
Ogilby, California

Ogilby (formerly, Oglesby) is an unincorporated community in Imperial County, California. Ogilby is located on the Southern Pacific Railroad east of El Centro, and 3.8 miles north of Interstate 8 on County Road S34. The name is official for federal use and a feature ID Number of 252950 has been assigned. Ogilby is defined by the US Geological Survey as a populated place at 356 feet AMSL elevation. NAD27 latitude and longitude are listed at on the "Ogilby, California" 7.5-minute quadrangle (map). It is included in the Imperial County Air Pollution Control District. It lies at an elevation of 364 feet (111 m).
History.
The Oglesby post office operated for part of 1880. The Ogilby post office operated from 1890 to 1895, moving in 1892, and from 1898 to 1942. The name honors E.R. Ogilby, mine promoter.
Nearby.
Ogilby lies along the Union Pacific Railroad tracks east of Algodones Dunes. Its origin may result from the rail line, mining activity to the east, or as a path around the sand dunes before the wooden plank road in the early 1900s, and later, Interstate 8.
Ogilby Hills, to the southeast, have summits in the 600–800 foot AMSL range.
A Catholic cemetery exists to the south and west of the railroad line at .
The closest city is Yuma, Arizona at about 25 miles driving distance.
The international border with Mexico lies about 9 miles in a straight line to the south. The Arizona state line lies about 7 miles southeast.
Communications.
There is no ZIP Code assigned to Ogilby. The area lies within area code 760.
Politics.
In the state legislature Ogilby is located in the 40th Senate District, represented by Democrat Denise Moreno Ducheny, and in the 80th Assembly District, represented by Republican Bonnie Garcia. Federally, Ogilby is located in California's 51st congressional district, which has a Cook PVI of D +7 and is represented by Democrat Bob Filner.

</doc>
<doc id="9814961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814961" title="National Board of Review Awards 1934">
National Board of Review Awards 1934

6th National Board of Review Awards<br>
December 20, 1934
The 6th National Board of Review Awards were announced on December 20, 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="9814966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814966" title="Ebuyer">
Ebuyer

Ebuyer is an electronic commerce retailer based in Howden, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is the largest independent online retailer of computer and electrical goods in the United Kingdom. The company used to be called CNS Computers Ltd. Leeds until 1999. eBuyer also has a base in Hong Kong, China. The Ebuyer website is the 210th most visited site in the United Kingdom and has 1.3 million registered customers. Ebuyer has a number of strategic business partnerships in place, most notably with Hewlett Packard (HP Preferred Partner 2010). Other partners include Microsoft, Toshiba, Sony and Zoostorm.
Ebuyer sponsored The Kingston Communications Stadium's west stand in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire.
History.
Formely CNS Computers Ltd. Leeds, eBuyer was founded in November 1999 in Sheffield by Paul Cusack, Mike Naylor, Steve Kay, Neeraj Patel, and Adam Ashmore - with startup capital of £250,000 from Paul Cusack, its annual turnover was in excess of £220 million by September 2005.
It claims to be the UK's largest independent online retailer of computers, components and electronics. Its current Managing Director (CEO) is Stuart Carlisle. He joined the growing company in August of 2013.
Security.
In July 2008, Gavin Brent, from Holywell in Flintshire, North Wales admitted stealing goods worth £20,000 from the firm before returning the goods, and demanding full refunds. 
Brent, whose suspicious transactions were spotted by Ebuyer's security team, went on to conduct an online campaign against the company and the investigation. This included menacing Ebuyer staff and a police officer from Brent's now-defunct blog.
Controversy.
On 28 November 2011, eBuyer ran a £1 promotion via email, offering new deals on the hour until midnight. eBuyer angered customers when their website was unable to handle the extra traffic, causing it to crash. When the website did work, many customers were emailed after successfully ordering and paying for items, only to be told they were out of stock. Many customers vented their anger at the company on their Facebook page, however eBuyer ran a campaign on their customer forums in an attempt to counter the bad publicity.
During 2005 Ebuyer had significant customer service problems. Sheffield Trading Standards received 282 complaints about the company, and the customer service phone number had been removed from its website. After this, the firm promised to improve its service, and restored the customer service number to its site. Average daily telephone wait times are published.

</doc>
<doc id="9814969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814969" title="Madison-Ridgeland Academy">
Madison-Ridgeland Academy

Madison-Ridgeland Academy (MRA) is a private, co-educational college preparatory school, located off Old Canton Road in Madison, Mississippi, U.S.A.. MRA offers educational opportunities for students from K-3 through 12th grade. "Termie" Land is the current principal and Tommy Thompson is the current headmaster.
Notable Graduates.
Ruston Webster, general manager of the Tennessee Titans

</doc>
<doc id="9814971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814971" title="Kretinga Museum">
Kretinga Museum

The Kretinga Museum (), also known as Kretinga Manor, is located near the Baltic Sea in Kretinga, Lithuania. Originally a private estate, it was converted to a museum in 1992, and now contains a number of archeological finds, fine and applied art collections, folk art, and ethnographic exhibits, as well as a restored orangery. Nearby is a sculpture garden featuring a reconstruction of a Lithuanian solar calendar. The museum is operated by the Kretinga district municipality. 
History.
The manor's location had always provided shelter from maritime winds in the area. Its modern history is said to have begun when the bishop of Vilnius, Ignacy Jakub Massalski, planted fruit trees there in the late 18th century. In 1874 the land was purchased in an auction by Count Tyszkiewicz. In the course of creating a family manor, he converted the existing residence into a palace, built the orangery, now known as the Winter Garden (), and re-landscaped the grounds. The landscaping included cascading ponds, a waterfall, arbors, fountains, sculptures, and parterres. 
The idea of turning the manor into a museum is credited to Juozas Žilvitis (1903–1975); the Kretinga Museum Committee was established in 1935. The garden was completely destroyed during World War II. In 1940 the museum became a branch of the Kaunas State Museum (now the Vytautas the Great War Museum). In 1987 the greenhouse was rebuilt; since 1998 the Kretinga Estate Park Friends Club has been a co-sponsor.
Exhibits and expositions.
The exhibits portraying the life of the Tyszkiewicz family occupy seven halls, and contain family portraits, furniture, photographs, household objects, and paintings. The folk art exhibits contain textile art and works of kryždirbiai, the traditional Lithuanian art of fashioning crosses. Household articles include tools and furniture used during various eras. 
Recent exhibitions have featured jewelry, ceramics, printed matter of historic interest, and folk costumes. The gardens and the orangery, which contains a cafe, are frequently updated. The museum sponsors concerts, scientific and research projects, holiday specials, a "Tree Feast", and folk dance presentations.

</doc>
<doc id="9814980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814980" title="Rendezvous (CANO album)">
Rendezvous (CANO album)

Rendezvous was the fourth album by Canadian progressive rock band CANO, released in 1979. The album was produced by Jim Vallance, who later married CANO singer Rachel Paiement.
"Rendezvous" was the band's final studio album with most of its original lineup. 
"Rendezvous" became released in digital format on iTunes in mid-2008.
On the RPM charts "Rebound" reached #97 December 22, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9814998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9814998" title="C115">
C115

C115 may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="9815003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815003" title="Eustace Henry Taylor Cummings">
Eustace Henry Taylor Cummings

Eustace Henry Taylor Cummings CBE (1890 – 1967) qualified as a doctor at Liverpool University and then served as a medical officer in Sierra Leone. He served as Mayor of Freetown from 1948 to 1954. His father, Emmanuel Cummings, was also a mayor of Freetown.

</doc>
<doc id="9815007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815007" title="Batanga Media">
Batanga Media

Batanga Media is an independent digital media company serving the U.S. Hispanic and Latin American markets. Batanga Media's digital properties include Batanga.com, Batanga Radio, iMujer.com and BolsadeMulher.com. Founded in 1999 by Troy McConnell, Luis Brandwayn and Jochen Fischer in North Carolina, Batanga Media is now headquartered in Miami, Florida with operations in 14 countries including Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, and Venezuela.
Batanga Radio is an online music streaming service owned and operated by Batanga Media. Batanga Radio users stream millions of songs per year, and create over hundreds of thousands of custom stations every month. Batanga Radio was built to be an online radio application. Batanga Radio users can “tell” the application to add or remove certain artists, songs, genres and even decades of music. Batanga Radio's playlist technology reacts to user interactions and a user’s location. Song lyrics are also available on every song page and as every song plays. With every song that plays on Batanga Radio, users receive a list of five similar tracks to explore, listen to and/or add to their playlists. Using the songs and artists already chosen by users, the application identifies new songs that are similar. Batanga Radio is accessible across mobile and tablet devices. 
Using Batanga Radio.
A station is set by specifying an artist, song, or mood.Listeners can tune into hundreds of pre-made genre stations, tens of thousands of artist radio stations, or browse the entire music library directly in order to indicate musical preferences (songs can not be played directly). Batanga is available in both English and Spanish.
Listeners can indicate their preferences by directly responding to each track played, either favorably (by selecting the happy face button), or unfavorably (by selecting the sad face button), which determines if the track should be played, as well as how often similarly classified songs should be played on the station. Responding unfavorably to a track (selecting the sad face button) immediately stops playback of the track. Batanga also provides lyrics for each track played.
An artist, song, or mood can be excluded from playing entirely. Within the section located directly under the music player,titled “We recommend you,” listeners can indicate which songs, artists, or moods to add or remove from their station by selecting the grey icon directly to the right of the words “We recommend you.” This brings up a search bar where listeners can type in the name of a song, artist, or mood that can then either be added in order to provide variety to the listener’s station, or excluded from their station entirely.
Also, a blue plus sign appears on the lower right hand corner of the album art for the track that is currently playing, and once this button is clicked, it brings up the choice: “Comprar,” (Spanish for“Buy”) which allows listeners to buy the song directly from iTunes. Upon clicking on the blue plus sign, registered users also have the option of voting on whether or not theylike a song by selecting “me gusta” (smiley face), or “no me gusta.” 
Mobile Devices.
The Batanga Radio app is available across most mobile platforms and is available in both English and Spanish.
Batanga is available on the Google Android OS (for tablets and mobile phones, requires Android 2.1 and up).
Batanga is available across all iOS platforms, including iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.
Batanga is available on Blackberry (Operating System: 4.5.0 or higher).
The Batanga Radio app allows listeners to: 

</doc>
<doc id="9815013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815013" title="Charles Thorp">
Charles Thorp

Charles Thorp (13 October 1783 - 10 October 1862) was an English churchman, rector of the parish of Ryton and, later, Archdeacon of Durham and the first warden of the University of Durham.
Life.
He was born in Gateshead, Durham, the son of Robert Thorp, Archdeacon of Northumberland and educated at the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle and Durham School. In 1799 he entered Peterhouse, Cambridge and then University College, Oxford, where he graduated BA (1803) and MA (1806). He became a Fellow and Tutor at University College, Oxford, in 1806, Deacon in 1806 and Priest in 1807.
He then became rector of Ryton in 1811, joining a prestigious group with previous rectors including Thomas Secker, later Archbishop of Canterbury. After his time as rector at Ryton, he became Canon (1829) and then Archdeacon of Durham in 1831 and, a year later, became the first warden of the University of Durham. Thorp remained heavily involved with the university, also being the first master, the most senior person in the SCR, of University College. This was a position he held until his death in Durham in 1862. He was buried at Ryton Church. He had married twice.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in May, 1839.
His name was chosen as the identity of a new secondary school in West Gateshead, Charles Thorp Comprehensive School, following the amalgamation of Hookergate School and Ryton Comprehensive School.

</doc>
<doc id="9815016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815016" title="Blues to the Bush">
Blues to the Bush

Blues to the Bush is a live album by The Who that was sold exclusively from the now defunct MusicMaker.com. It was recorded at the House of Blues in Chicago on 12 and 13 November 1999, and at the Empire Theatre, Shepherd's Bush on 22 and 23 December 1999.
Track listing.
Disc two.
All song written by Pete Townshend except as noted.
Credits.
Sleeve design and art direction by Richard Evans

</doc>
<doc id="9815022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815022" title="Arizona State Route 286">
Arizona State Route 286

State Route 286 (SR 286) is a highway in southern Arizona that runs from its junction with State Route 86 west of Tucson to the US-Mexico border at Sasabe. It is largely a north–south route.
Route description.
The southern terminus of SR 286 is located at the US-Mexico border at Sasabe. The highway heads north from the border traversing a sparsely populated area and does not pass through any cities or towns aside from minor settlements. It provides access to the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge as well as small settlements in Southern Arizona. Although it has a port of entry into Sasabe, Mexico, only dirt roads lead south of this location. The highway generally follows a north-northeast heading for the majority of its route. The northern terminus of the highway is located on SR 86 west of Tucson.
History.
An unpaved road connecting Sasabe to Tucson was built by 1935. The route received a designation as SR 286 in the 1950s. By 1963, a section of the route from SR 86 at the northern terminus to Palo Alto Ranch was paved. 

</doc>
<doc id="9815034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815034" title="Young Bleed">
Young Bleed

Glenn Clifton Jr. (born June 6, 1974), better known as Young Bleed is an American hip-hop artist based out of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Since his chart-topping 1998 release My Balls & My Word, Thug Drama, a ghost producer, introduced Young Bleed to Master P in 1997. Young Bleed has been a mainstay of the Southern hip hop underground, narrating his vision of life in the urban South.
Biography.
Young Bleed started rhyming at the age of 9 at home in his native South Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He claims to have been influenced by his mother, who had read poetry to him from a young age, and the rise in popularity in hip hop and acts like Run DMC. By his teenage years had begun recording his rhymes, selling hip hop tapes independently to friends on the streets of his neighborhood, and eventually signing to a local record label. In 1995 he joined with fellow Baton Rouge-based hip hop artists C-Loc, J-Von, Chris Hamilton(j-vons younger brother) and Max Minelli to form the hip hop group Concentration Camp with whom he is still affiliated present.
Career.
Young Bleed’s first glimpse of national fame was when his song with C-Loc, "How You do That", was remixed by Master P of No Limit Records. It was released on the 1997 soundtrack to Master P’s film "I'm Bout It" which peaked at number one on Billboard R&B/Hip Hop album charts in mid-1998. Then with the help of Master P, he signed a deal with Priority Records to release his major label debut album My Balls & My Word in 1998. The album peaked in at number ten on the Billboard 200 and number one on the Top R&B/Hip Hop album charts and also reached gold status in the U.S. The follow-up "My Own" was released independent of No Limit on Priority and though charting on both the Billboard 200 and Top R&B Hip Hop albums charts, it failed to make similar waves as its predecessor.
While in the process of recording his third solo album with Priority, "Vintage", Young Bleed was released from his contract and forced to go independent. Young Bleed joined C-Bo's West Coast Mafia Records and released Rise Thru da Ranks from Earner Tugh Capo in 2005 and Once Upon a Time in Amedica in 2007. On September 23, 2008 Young Bleed released his fifth album, Off tha Curb. It is a collaborative album with the up-and-coming rapper Freize.
Young Bleed was signed to a Strange Music subsidiary called Strange Lane Records and his first album with the label, "Preserved" was released on October 11, 2011. On April 24, 2012, it was announced Young Bleed had been dropped from Strange Music and signed to another label. In late 2012, he announced his newest album, "All Amedican" and revealed a release date for October or November 2012. However, the album was pushed back several times and is expected to be released in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9815053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815053" title="Tom Carey (second baseman)">
Tom Carey (second baseman)

Thomas Francis Aloysius Carey (October 11, 1906 – February 21, 1970) was a second baseman who played in Major League Baseball between and . Carey batted and threw right-handed. He was nicknamed "Scoops". 
A native of Hoboken, New Jersey, Carey reached the majors in 1936 with the St. Louis Browns, spending three years with them before moving to the Boston Red Sox (1939–42, 1945). His most productive season came in 1936 with St. Louis, when he hit .273 and posted career-highs in runs (58), RBI (57), doubles (27), triples (6) and games played (134).
In an eight-season career, Carey was a .275 hitter with two home runs and 167 RBI in 466 games.
Following his playing retirement, Carey coached for the Red Sox. He died in Rochester, New York, at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="9815070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815070" title="Temple Lock">
Temple Lock

Temple Lock is a lock and weir situated on the Buckinghamshire bank of the River Thames near Temple Mill Island opposite Temple Meadows and not far from Hurley, Berkshire. It was first built by the Thames Navigation Commissioners in 1773.
The weir runs across from the lock to the Berkshire bank a short distance upstream of the lock.
History.
There are references to a flash lock and winch in the 16th century. There was also a ferry at the lock.
The pound lock was built in 1773, the sixth downstream of the eight constructed after the passing of the 1770 navigation act. Like the others it had to be rebuilt in 1782 and though estimates were obtained for stone and timber, timber was chosen because it was cheaper.
In 1890 a new lock was built alongside the original one.
Access to the lock.
The lock is on the Buckinghamshire bank and can only be reached on foot along the towpath from Marlow or Hurley.
Reach above the lock.
The reach is one of the shortest on the river with little of note on it. There was formerly a ferry at the top of the lock cut taking the towpath across the river. In 1989 the Temple Footbridge was built across the river at this point to replace the ferry which had ceased operation in 1953.
Thames Path.
The Thames Path to crosses Temple Footbridge from the Buckinghamshire to Berkshire side. The path then crosses back across footbridges between the islands at Hurley where Hurley lock is located.

</doc>
<doc id="9815086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815086" title="Graciana Chironi">
Graciana Chironi

Graciana Abraciano de Chironi is a film actresses.
Chironi is the grandmother of well-known Argentine director Pablo Trapero.
She works in the cinema of Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="9815096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815096" title="Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Tournament, commonly called Arch Madness, is an annual basketball tournament which features the men's basketball teams of each of the Missouri Valley Conference member universities. The tournament, held in St. Louis, Missouri, since 1991, determines which MVC team receives an automatic bid to the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament.
Tournament championships by school.
Note: Missouri State was known as Southwest Missouri State until 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9815106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815106" title="Emmanuel Cummings">
Emmanuel Cummings

Emmanuel Cummings was a mayor of Freetown, Sierra Leone, and was the father of Eustace Henry Taylor Cummings, who later became a mayor of Freetown.

</doc>
<doc id="9815120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815120" title="2002 Arena Football League season">
2002 Arena Football League season

The 2002 Arena Football League season was the 16th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the San Jose SaberCats, who defeated the Arizona Rattlers in ArenaBowl XVI. In the process the SaberCats came closer to a perfect season than any other team in the history of the league, winning sixteen of seventeen games.

</doc>
<doc id="9815122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815122" title="Arizona State Route 289">
Arizona State Route 289

State Route 289 (SR 289) is a highway in Santa Cruz County, Arizona that runs from its junction with Interstate 19, old U.S. Route 89 to the north of Nogales to Peña Blanca Lake. It is an east–west route.
Route description.
SR 289 is a highway that runs from I-19 westward to the Pena Blanca Dam, passing through sparsely inhabited territory. It does not pass through any cities or towns and primarily serves as access for recreation at Pena Blanca Lake. From its eastern terminus at I-19, the highway heads in a western direction before curving towards the southwest. The highway eventually curves back towards the west until it turns north towards the lake. There is a Y junction where the road branches off to the lake to the north and a forest road that continues west that connects to a very scenic drive through the Coronado National Forest. This road passes Arivaca Peak, Sycamore Canyon, the ghost town of Ruby and continues west to the town of Arivaca and SR 286. This stretch requires four-wheel drive and there are no services along the entire stretch.
History.
An unpaved road existed along the current route since 1935. The route was established as SR 289 in 1960, when it only ran west from US 89 to the Coronado National Forest boundary. The next year, the route was extended westward to Peña Blanca Lake. By 1971, US 89 at SR 289's eastern terminus was replaced by I-19.

</doc>
<doc id="9815130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815130" title="University of Scranton Press">
University of Scranton Press

The University of Scranton Press was the university press of the University of Scranton, headquartered on its campus in Scranton, Pennsylvania. The Press published more than 200 books and other publications between 1988 and 2010. The majority of the University of Scranton Press' catalog are scholarly works dealing with religious issues, such Catholicism, Judaism and the Jesuit tradition, as well as regional issues specifically related to Northeast Pennsylvania. The University of Scranton Press published approximately 24 publications annually at its height.
History.
The University of Scranton Press was founded in 1988 by Reverend Richard W. Rousseau, S.J., who served as the chairman of the University's Department of Theology and Religious Studies at the time. In the mid-1990s, Father Richard Rousseau hired Trinka Ravaioli, a graphic designer, to design the covers for its publications. Ravaioli continued to design most of the covers for the books published by the University of Scranton Press from the mid-1990s until the Press ceased publication in 2010.
Approximately one-third of the Press' books and other publications dealt directly with issues related to Northeast Pennsylvania, including its history, culture and economy. Many of the books were written or submitted by local authors and writers based in the region. Titles related to Catholicism, with an emphasis on Jesuit issues, constituted most of the rest of the Press' catalog. 
The Press was housed in the University of Scranton's Smurfit Art Center, a former Universalist church purchased by the university in 1987. The University of Scranton Press is a founding member of the Association of Jesuit University Presses, but was not a current member of the Association of American University Presses as of 2010.
Some of the University of Scranton Press' most recent publications included a biography of Edith Stein and a book exploring the lives of early 20th Century European immigrant coal miners in Pennsylvania.
Closure.
The University of Scranton Press began declining the submission of new works in early 2010. In August 2010, the University of Scranton's provost and vice president for academic affairs, Harold Baillie, announced that the Press would close at the end of summer 2010. Baillie cited cost-cutting measures and changing financial priorities for the decision to close the university's scholarly publisher, "Basically, it was a budgetary decision. We are a tuition-driven institution, and these are tough economic times...Our main priority is the education of our students, and that takes precedence in the distribution of our resources."

</doc>
<doc id="9815148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815148" title="Gertrude Harrison">
Gertrude Harrison

Gertrude Harrison (1871–1938) was the first female golf professional. She also is credited for inventing the golf ball return machine. Harrison is buried in Lake View Cemetery in Cleveland, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="9815189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815189" title="Miguel Marqués">
Miguel Marqués

Pedro Miguel Juan Buenaventura Bernadino Marqués y García (20 May 1843 - 15 February 1918) was a Spanish composer and violinist.
Life.
He was born in Palma, Majorca, the son of a chocolate maker. By the age of four he was already showing unusual musical talent, and by eleven he was playing violin for a Palma opera company, for which he wrote a "Fantasía para violin" which enjoyed a notable triumph. Between 1859 and 1863 family finance enabled him to study in Paris, after 1861 as a violinist at the Paris Conservatoire with Massard. In 1863 he was admitted to the orchestra of the Théâtre Lyrique, and began studying composition, and instrumentation with Hector Berlioz.
He returned to Majorca when called up to his military service, but in 1866 he resumed his studies at the Madrid Royal Conservatory, studying Violin with Monasterio and Composition with Emilio Arrieta whilst playing in the orchestra of the Teatro de la Zarzuela. After 1878 he was Inspector of the National Music Schools. He also taught singing at the Foundling Girls' School in Madrid, and published a handbook for violin teachers. He died in his home city of Palma, aged 74.

</doc>
<doc id="9815217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815217" title="OS/VS1">
OS/VS1

Operating System/Virtual Storage 1, or OS/VS1,
was an IBM mainframe computer operating system designed to be run on IBM System/370 hardware.
It was the successor to the Multiprogramming with a Fixed number of Tasks (MFT) option of System/360's operating system OS/360.
OS/VS1, in comparison to its predecessor, supported virtual memory (then called "virtual storage").
OS/VS1 was generally available during the 1970s and 1980s, and it is no longer supported by IBM.
OS/VS1 was OS/360 MFT II with a single virtual address space; by comparison, OS/VS2 SVS was OS/360 MVT with a single virtual address space. OS/VS1 was often installed on mid-range IBM mainframe systems, such as the System/370 Model 148.
OS/VS1 was intended to manage a medium-sized work load (for the 1970s) 
consisting only of batch processing applications, running within a fixed number of operating system partitions via the batch job management system Job Entry Subsystem 1 (JES1).
This was in contrast to OS/VS2 which was intended to handle larger work loads 
consisting of batch applications,
online interactive users (using the Time Sharing Option, or TSO),
or a combination of both. However, OS/VS1 could, and often did, support interactive applications and users by running IBM's CICS transaction processing monitor as a job within one of its partitions.
Installation and modification of OS/VS1 was accomplished via IBM's cumbersome System Generation (SYSGEN) process.
OS/VS1 went through seven product releases.
OS/VS1 Release 7 was enhanced by fourth release of the IBM OS/VS1 Basic Programming Extensions (BPE) product.
BPE provided support for new 1980s hardware,
such as 3380 DASD (disk).
The last OS/VS1 product release,
OS/VS1 Basic Programming Extensions (BPE) Release 4,
was announced by IBM in 1983 for general availability in March 1984
(product 5662-257, announcement letter 283-266, 15 September 1983).
IBM announced the end of functional enhancements to OS/VS1 in 1984. IBM recommended OS/VS1 installations migrate to MVS/370 or MVS/XA.
To assist with the migration to MVS/XA, IBM made the VM/XA Migration Aid.
It allowed installations to run OS/VS1 and MVS/XA simultaneously on the same machine, as guests of a third system - VM/XA. This way, the new MVS/XA system could be tested while the old production OS/VS1 system was still in use.

</doc>
<doc id="9815218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815218" title="Imeem">
Imeem

The online service imeem was a social media web site where users interacted with each other by streaming, uploading and sharing music and music videos. However, after MySpace acquired the service, it was shut down, in 2009.
The company was founded in 2003 by Dalton Caldwell (formerly of VA Linux) and Jan Jannink (formerly of Napster), and many of its core engineering team came from the original Napster file-sharing service. The company takes its name from "meme", a term coined by biologist Richard Dawkins to describe the ideas and cultural phenomena that spread as if they had a life of their own.
Helping to pioneer the free, advertising-supported model for online music, imeem permitted consumers to legally upload, stream and share music and music playlists for free with the costs supported by advertising. In 2007, imeem became the first-ever online music site to secure licenses from all four U.S. major music labels to offer their music catalogs for free streaming and sharing on the web.
The company also created the web's first embeddable music and video playlists. People could use imeem's widgets to embed songs and playlists from imeem virtually anywhere on the web, including on their MySpace and Facebook profiles or on their personal blogs.
Headquartered in San Francisco's South of Market district (SoMa), imeem had additional offices in New York and Los Angeles. The company's investors included Morgenthaler Ventures and Warner Music Group.
On December 8, 2009, imeem was bought out by MySpace Music in a firesale for an undisclosed amount. However, it is stated to have been less than $1 million.
Business model.
Revenue generation at imeem was through a combination of direct and indirect advertising sales, sales of MP3 downloads, ringtones and concert tickets, and subscription revenue from premium services. The bulk of its revenue came from advertising; advertisers who ran direct campaigns with imeem included TheTruth.com/American Legacy Foundation, Kia Motors, and Dr Pepper, among others.
The company was one of the pioneers of the ad-supported streaming music model. In 2007, imeem became the first-ever online music site to secure licenses from all 4 major music labels to offer their music catalogs for free streaming and sharing on the web.
Under this model, artists and labels were paid a share of imeem's ad revenue in proportion to the popularity of their music on imeem, and had the right to register their content and determine how (or whether) that content is available on the site or through its embeddable widgets.
This business model was made possible by imeem's proprietary content fingerprinting and digital registry technology. Initially, imeem licensed this technology from SNOCAP, the digital rights and content management startup founded by Napster creator Shawn Fanning. In 2008, imeem acquired SNOCAP and its technology outright. imeem continued to operate the SNOCAP digital registry, and used the technology acquired from SNOCAP to power its ad-supported streaming music service.
Products.
The company provided two main services: imeem.com, where people could discover, stream and share music and music videos for free, and imeem Mobile, an Internet radio service for mobile devices. In addition, the company offered a premium service, imeem VIP, that gave people access to additional features on the imeem site.
imeem.com.
Registered users of the site could stream and share millions of songs and tens of thousands of music videos free of charge, with the costs for licensing and streaming supported by advertising on the site and on imeem Mobile.
One of imeem's key features was the playlist. Users could create personal playlists, via a "Create Music Playlist" page, with music they had uploaded themselves or with music and video already available on the site. They could publish and share these playlists on imeem, where they could be played by, shared with, commented on, or tagged by other users.
Visitors could also share music, videos and playlists beyond imeem, either by embedding imeem players into external sites.
imeem Mobile.
With the free cell phone application imeem Mobile, users could discover, purchase and enjoy music on their mobile device. It was available as a free download to users on the Android and iPhone/iPod touch platforms.
Users could create custom Internet radio stations based on their favorite artists, discover new music through personalized recommendations and buy DRM-free MP3 downloads directly onto their mobile device (on Android, downloads are from the Amazon MP3 application; on the iPhone and iPod touch, downloads are from the iTunes Store.
The app also enabled people to browse and stream their personal imeem music libraries to their mobile device. People could upload up to 20,000 songs of the music they own directly to imeem.com, and then access that music through their mobile devices. To upload more than 100 songs, users had to subscribe to one of imeem's premium services.
The company introduced imeem Mobile on the Android platform in October 2008, and launched it for iPhone and iPod touch users in May 2009. At launch, it was the only streaming music application on the Android platform, which in turn led to it being one of the most popular applications installed on Android devices. In June 2009, imeem Mobile crossed a milestone of over 1 million installs on the Android and iPhone platforms.
The application received several awards, including a 2009 Crunchie Award for Best Mobile Application, the Editor's Choice award from the blog AndroidGuys, and an award for 'Best Streaming Music App' in the 2009 Android Network Awards.
imeem VIP.
In 2008, imeem launched a premium imeem VIP service that gave subscribers access to additional site features, most prominently the ability to upload more music (over 100 songs), and to watch videos up to 1080p in resolution. There were three imeem VIP subscription tiers. * The imeem "VIP" plans started at US$$9.99 per year for the "VIP Lite" plan, which gave subscribers access to streaming songs through the VIP Player, and 480p video (up from 360p for basic users). The "VIP" subscription option allowed uploading of up to 1,000 songs and viewing of 720p video, for $29.99 per year. And the "VIP Plus" subscription allowed uploading of up to 20,000 songs and viewing of 1080p video, for $99.99 per year
History.
Early history: 2003-2005.
The imeem service has changed drastically since its original inception as a messaging application that let people communicate by online chat, blogging, instant messaging and file sharing. The service was billed as a "distributed, peer-to-peer, social network".
Founder Dalton Caldwell began working on what would become the imeem messaging application during Thanksgiving weekend in 2003. Initially, he worked on the software from his home. In 2004, imeem moved into offices in downtown Palo Alto's 285 Hamilton building, with Caldwell, Jannink and a small team of engineers continuing work on the software.
The company first unveiled its software in February 2005 at the DEMO conference and formally launched it that August.
When imeem first launched, to use the service, users were required to download and install the desktop messaging and file-sharing software; the imeem Web site merely existed as a means for users to register and download the client. Though originally designed for messaging, it was the file-sharing function that took off. The client software supported the service's distributed database model: Every imeem client on the network had a database that would generate and store references to media content shared on the network; this system would accelerate access to content deemed to be close to the user. The service's media-sharing was peer-to-peer – if a user shared photos or a podcast, then the data would only exist on the client database network; users who wanted to view the actual content would access it by peering directly with the publisher.
2006.
In March 2006, imeem re-launched at the South by Southwest (SXSW) conference in Austin, Texas, with a new focus on enabling people to interact through the imeem.com website, using media (photos, videos, music) to express their personalities and interests. Timed to coincide with the re-launch, imeem introduced new features enabling users to upload and play music and video on the site.
In September 2006, imeem introduced embeddable Adobe Flash-based playlists that gave people the ability to take music and video playlists they created (or found) on the site and embed them virtually anywhere on the web. The company's players quickly became popular with consumers using MySpace and other social networks, giving them a way to customize & personalize their profiles with music.
As a result, imeem quickly gained traction, with the site's traffic growing to 10 million unique monthly users by the end of 2006. By March 2007, imeem's monthly traffic reached over 16 million unique monthly users.
2007.
In February 2007, MySpace took steps to limit the posting of imeem content on its site: any updates or comments with "imeem" even mentioned in them were removed upon posting. However, MySpace stopped blocking imeem in 2008.
In March 2007, imeem announced it was partnering with SNOCAP, the digital rights and content management startup founded by Napster creator Shawn Fanning, to enable legal uploading, streaming and sharing of music on imeem, utilizing SNOCAP's content fingerprinting and digital registry technology. The goal was to provide a way for consumers to upload and share music with their friends, for free, and to do so in a way where label and artists can both make money and have greater control over where and how their music was available.
The partnership marked imeem's move to an ad-supported model, in which consumers could freely stream and share music and video content with the costs supported by advertising. Under this model, artists and labels are paid a share of the site's ad revenue in proportion to the popularity of their music on imeem, and have the right to register their content and determine whether that content is available on the site or through its embeddable widgets.
Ultimately, the imeem messaging and file-sharing application had proven to be something of a resource hog for power-users, since the database could grow to large proportions just by associating with a few individuals who were sharing a lot of content. This messaging product was ultimately phased out; the site became entirely Web-based beginning in June 2007. While this distributed model was interesting and received positive press, it proved to be difficult to attract many users since the only way to participate was to download the imeem client software. Over time, imeem integrated many of the client's features into its website and the innovative distributed database model was centralized.
Throughout the first half of 2007, imeem had negotiated with the major labels to secure licenses for this new model. Warner Music Group and imeem announced a licensing agreement for imeem's new Web-based service in July 2007, followed by Sony Music Entertainment and EMI Music in September. In December 2007, imeem signed a licensing agreement with Universal Music Group, becoming the first online music service to partner with all four major music labels to let people legally stream and share music for free online.
2008.
On January 28, 2008, imeem announced that it was acquiring the music locker service Anywhere.FM.
On February 1, 2008, imeem acquired SNOCAP. It had already been making extensive use of SNOCAP's audio fingerprinting technology and music database. As part of the acquisition, SNOCAP's chief operating officer, Ali Aydar (ex-Napster), joined imeem.
On March 24, 2008 imeem announced the launch of a developer's platform that will permit third-party developers to interact with imeem data.
In April 2008, imeem received a new round of funding from Sequoia Capital.
In October 2008, imeem launched imeem Mobile, a free mobile music application. However, on the 22nd of that month, the company laid off 25% of its staff.
2009.
The company's troubles continued into 2009, as Warner Music wrote off its entire $15 million investment in imeem in anticipation that no return would come of it and at the same time Warner didn't extend their licensensing with Imeem.
It seemed possible the company could close in April 2009, but it was able to renegotiate deals with its major label partners, and subsequently found enough new investors to continue service. Sources told TechCrunch that imeem raised $6 million in this most recent funding round, with Morgenthaler Ventures and Warner Music Group among those investing.
The company launched imeem Mobile for the iPhone and iPod touch in May 2009. In June 2009, imeem Mobile crossed a milestone of over 1 million installs on the Android and iPhone platforms.
On June 25, 2009, imeem announced that it was removing all user-uploaded video and photos from the site. This move, and the lack of advance notice, was unpopular with many users.
In October 2009, imeem and Google announced the integration of links to music on imeem within Google search results; imeem was one of several online music companies involved in such efforts.
Closure.
On December 8, 2009, MySpace (owned by News Corporation) acquired imeem, and angered many imeem users when the new parent company closed down the beleaguered service on the same day, redirecting all imeem traffic to MySpace Music. Furthermore, MySpace social network did not pay artists or labels the money still owed to them by imeem for music streaming. The controversial closure was criticized as a sign that MySpace was out of touch with the times. MySpace, on December 22, 2009, assured imeem.com users that their playlists are safe and that they are currently duplicating every user's playlist and will migrate them on to MySpace Music as soon as possible. MySpace assured that features and functionality that users were used to at imeem would soon find their way onto MySpace, and complement the existing platform alongside free full-song streaming, artist profiles, music videos, and more. MySpace will email imeem users the instructions on how to claim their playlists.
On January 15, 2010, MySpace began allowing users to import imeem playlists. However, songs that are currently not available via MySpace Music were not converted over, and there was no means provided to even recover the names of the missing tracks. Additionally, user "favorites" metadata was not able to be carried over, with the result that users who depended upon their favorites lists instead of normal playlists were unable to retrieve their music. Other complaints include incorrect artist info, garbled tracks, and an increase in between-songs advertising.
Technology.
The back-end software for imeem's services was primarily written in C#. While most of the front-end Web servers ran under Microsoft Windows, some used the Linux operating system. The Web site heavily used Ajax programming and Flash animation.
Audio streams were delivered as 128 kbps-quality MPEG-2 Audio Layer III (MP3) format. Video was encoded in the Sorenson Video codec at >700kbit/s, in the Flash Video (FLV) container format, with resolution resized to 400 pixels wide and preserving its aspect ratio, and with embedded mp3 audio at 96 kbit/s. While the video quality and resolution was significantly better than other video sites at that time (YouTube, for example, used 300kbit/s video) the late-arriving video sharing aspect of imeem was largely eclipsed by the original audio sharing component. In 2008 imeem upgraded the video quality further and became one of the first media sharing sites to offer video encoded with the MPEG 4 H.264 codec and at the original source resolution.
The original imeem client software conducted most of its network activity using an encrypted protocol, making it difficult to monitor user activity. Thus, conversations via the client's IM functionality and group chats were encrypted and only visible to participants. On startup, the application validated with a central server. This ensured that unauthorized clients could not connect and run malicious exploits (such as for monitoring network traffic or spoofing identities) against the network. Software updates were also delivered via the client and authenticated before they were installed. The company's move to a Web-based file-sharing business model in 2007 made most of these considerations moot.
Copyright infringement lawsuit.
Warner Music Group announced on July 12, 2007 that it had dropped its copyright infringement lawsuit against imeem by agreeing to license its music and video content to the site for a percentage of imeem's advertising revenue. Financial details were not disclosed. Under the agreement, imeem could carry music and videos from all of the record company's artists. Warner also released financial statements indicating that it invested $15 million into imeem.
Meems (groups).
Users of imeem could link to each other through topic groups (which were originally called meems), based on common interests. Some meems were created by imeem itself, while others were user-generated. Media content could be placed in custom profile pages and topic groups, as well as in browseable content channels and charts. Meems could serve as basic online communities for artists, bands, clubs, films, schools, festivals, concert tours, friends, and sports enthusiasts. A late redesign of the site replaced most of the "meem" references with the familiar word "group". Early on, it had been possible for links to be made between groups which had related subject matter, but this feature had only been implemented in the original client software. After the transition to the Web-only service model, it became impossible for users to add (or even remove) such links, although official imeem-created groups sometimes had links added at creation time, by an administrative means not available to subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="9815221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815221" title="Spirit of the North">
Spirit of the North

Spirit of the North was a compilation album by Canadian progressive rock band CANO, released in 1980. The album compiled tracks from the band's four studio albums.
It was the band's final release in its original form. In 1981, the few remaining original members released the album "Camouflage" under the new band name Masque.
On the RPM charts "Carrie" reached #78 on May 3, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="9815238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815238" title="Danny McCormack">
Danny McCormack

Danny McCormack (born 28 February 1972, South Shields, England) is a British singer and bassist.
Biography.
McCormack became the bass player in The Wildhearts in 1991, and soon relocated to London with the band, enjoying success during their commercial peak, before the splits in 1997 and 1998. McCormack went on to form and front The Yo-Yos, with Tom Spencer (ex-Sugarsnatch/The Lurkers), and the band released an album on Sub Pop Records, but they eventually split in 2000.
He re-joined The Wildhearts when they reformed in 2001, but was dropped mid-way through a tour. He rejoined again in 2002, but left once more in 2003. At the time the group's frontman Ginger penned an open letter to "Kerrang!" magazine documenting his close friend's drug problems and wished him a complete recovery. Unexpectedly, he returned to The Wildhearts one final time in 2005 for a live DVD.
McCormack briefly played with Dogs D'Amour before re-forming The Yo-Yos in 2005, and recording an EP, "Given Up Giving Up". He subsequently supported his younger brother Chris McCormack's band, 3 Colours Red, on their final tour of Germany, but the band fired Danny McCormack half way through a UK tour in 2005 following further drug problems. He continues to write and live in South Shields.
In late 2006, McCormack announced on his MySpace page that he is working on a new project that is tentatively titled 'The I-Told-You-So's'.
Following a prolonged absence from the music scene for a number of years, McCormack took the stage to play bass at his 40th birthday. The special event featured two gigs in one night at Camden Barfly in London on 17 February 2012. Performances came from a reunited Yo-Yos - consisting of McCormack, Spencer and Rich Jones along with guest drummers - as well as a covers set featuring Chris McCormack, Andy Cairns (Therapy?), Ritch Battersby and Stidi (both The Wildhearts). The support band for the night was Plan A - which featured former Wildhearts guitarist Jef.

</doc>
<doc id="9815240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815240" title="PSE-Operator">
PSE-Operator

PSE SA ("Polskie Sieci Elektroenergetyczne S.A.") is state owned transmission system operator in Poland. 100% of its shares is owned by the State Treasury. Until 2007, PSE Operator was a part of the PSE Group (now: Polska Grupa Energetyczna).

</doc>
<doc id="9815254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815254" title="Arizona State Route 366">
Arizona State Route 366

State Route 366 (SR 366) is a highway in Graham County, Arizona that runs from its junction with US 191 south of Safford to near the summit of Mount Graham. It is a winding mountain road with one half primarily a northwest-southeast route, the other half being northeast-southwest.
Route description.
SR 366 is a highway that connects Mount Graham with US 191 at Swift Trail Junction south of Safford. The western terminus of the highway is located near a ranger station near the peak of Mount Graham. The highway heads in a southeastern route as it descends the mountain. There are several hair pin turns as the highway follows the terrain. At Turkey Flat, the highway goes through a series of five hair pin turns. The highway also begins to generally head in a northeasterly direction from this point on. The terrain eventually smooths out and the highway follows a straight path towards the northeast to its eastern terminus at US 191.
SR 366 traverses sparsely inhabited forest and mountain terrain and does not pass through any cities or towns aside from minor settlements. The highway does provide access to Mount Graham, one of the higher peaks in Arizona at over . It also provides access to the Mount Graham International Observatory.
History.
SR 366 was established in 1960 from a junction with US 666 (now US 191) to the southwest for . Later that same year, it was extended an additional to the Columbine Ranger Station. At this time the road was a gravel road providing access to the Coronado National Forest. Since that time, the easternmost have been paved while the rest remains as a gravel road.

</doc>
<doc id="9815266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815266" title="Pavel Lyzhyn">
Pavel Lyzhyn

Pavel Lyzhyn (, born 24 March 1981 in the Russian SFSR) is a Belarusian shot putter.
His personal best throw is 21.21 metres from 2010. He threw a personal best throw of 20.98 metres at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing which translated into a fifth place, just 7 cm short of the bronze medal winner and 11 cm short of the silver.
He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing in 8th, with a throw of 20.69 m.
Other Events.
Lyzhyn also throws the discus, and has a personal best throw of 61.72 metres

</doc>
<doc id="9815269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815269" title="Serge Nigg">
Serge Nigg

Serge Nigg (June 6, 1924, Paris - November 12, 2008) was a French composer.
Biography.
After initial studies with Ginette Martenot, Nigg entered the Paris Conservatory in 1941 and studied harmony with Olivier Messiaen and counterpoint with Simone Plé-Caussade. In 1945, he met René Leibowitz, who introduced him to the twelve-tone technique of composition. After completing a Concerto for Piano and Wind Instruments and a Concerto for Piano and String Orchestra (both 1943), and the symphonic poem "Timour" (1944), he became the first French composer to write a dodecaphonic work when his Variations for Piano and 10 Instruments appeared in 1946. This piece was premiered at the International Festival of Dodecaphonic Music, organized by Leibowitz in 1947.
In 1956, Nigg was appointed a member of the Music Committee for French state broadcasting. From 1967 to 1982, he was a member of the music management for the French Ministry of Culture, after which he taught classes in instrumentation and orchestration at the Paris Conservatory, and became President of the Société Nationale de Musique. He was elected to the Académie des Beaux-Arts in 1989 and served as its President in 1995.
Nigg died November 12, 2008, aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="9815280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815280" title="Marlow Lock">
Marlow Lock

Marlow Lock is a lock and weir situated on the River Thames in the town of Marlow, Buckinghamshire, England. The first pound lock was built by the Thames Navigation Commission in 1773.
The weir stretches a long way upstream above the lock.
History.
A weir at Marlow is recorded in Domesday book, and there are 14th century records of a winch to pull traffic through a flash lock. The lock was very problematical and in the 16th and 17th century there are accounts of conflicts between millers and navigators. A particular problems was the shallow draught. The first pound lock was built of fir in 1773, the seventh downstream of the eight built after the 1770 navigation act. It was upstream of the present lock on still proved problematical. Rollers were needed to guide barges in and as there was no towpath barges needed tow ropes several hundred feet long. The lock needed extensive repairs in 1780 and a year later eel bucks had to be removed from the flash lock in case it was needed. The first lock house was erected in 1815 and in 1825 the lock was reconstructed on its present site of Headington stone. The weir was rebuilt in 1872. The last rebuilding of the lock occurred in 1927.
Access to the lock.
The lock is easily accessible, being located in the town.
Reach above the lock.
The long weir stretches several hundred yards above the lock, and beyond it is Marlow suspension bridge close to the church. Once the river leaves the Marlow, it curls through hills and beechwoods. On the Berkshire side is Bisham Abbey, a fine old mansion associated with Anne of Cleves and Queen Elizabeth that is now one of the National Sports Centres. Further upstream is the church of Bisham itself.
Temple Mill Island is just downstream of Temple Lock.
Temple Regatta takes place in early May between Marlow Bridge and Temple Lock, and Marlow Town Regatta is held in June.
Thames Path.
The Thames Path leaves Marlow and continues on the Bucks side to Temple Lock.
Literature and the media.
The poet Percy Bysshe Shelley lived in Marlow and spent much of his time on the river above the lock in a skiff. It was during this time that he composed The Revolt of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="9815289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815289" title="Brandon Barnes">
Brandon Barnes

Brandon Barnes is an American musician and producer from Denver, Colorado. He is best known as the drummer for the punk rock band, Rise Against.
Biography.
Brandon received his first drum set when he was nine years old from his grandfather, who was a jazz musician in Chicago. He started drum lessons when he was twelve until he was seventeen, he also joined a jazz band in high school. He studied music in college and played drums in the University of Colorado music program. He knew then he wanted to make music his career. By listening to his favorite drummers such as Elvin Jones, Tony Williams, Terry Bozzio, Peter Erskine, and Dave Lombardo, Brandon got the style of playing he has used in many bands over the last 10 years.
Music career.
Pinhead Circus (1999).
Pinhead Circus formed in 1988 with Jimmy Pinhead, guitarist, Trevor, bassist, and Otis as the drummer. In 1997 the band caught their attention of BYO Records and released their first album, "Detailed Instructions for the Self Involved" in 1997. Brandon joined Pinhead Circus in 1999 after their drummer Otis left. Pinhead then released their second album, "Everything Else Is Just a Far Gone Conclusion" in 1999 through BYO Records. Soon after, Barnes split the band after joining Rise Against in 2000.
Rise Against (2000-present).
After leaving of his previous band "Pinhead Circus" Brandon joined Rise Against in 2000 after their drummer, Dan Lumley left and he was then asked to join the band. The band then signed with Fat Wreck Chords in 2001. They then release their debut album "The Unraveling" and spent the rest of the year touring. The band return to the studio in December 2002 to work on their second full-length, "Revolutions Per Minute" in 2003 and toured for 2003 Warped Tour, which gain the band some success. Rise Against then signed to Dreamworks Records in late 2003 to began the recording of their third record, but Dreamworks was shortly absorbed by the Universal Music Group, and Rise Against found itself with Major label Geffen Records. Todd Mohney, the band's guitarist at the time left and was replaced by Chris Chasse and began the recording of the new album "Siren Song of the Counter Culture". "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" was released on August 10, 2004 peaking at number 136 on the U.S. Billboard 200 album charts, gaining the band major success with the singles "Give It All, "Swing Life Away", and "Life Less Frightening".
The band re-entered the studio in January 2006, after touring in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture, Rise Against recorded their fourth studio album at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado with producers Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore. "The Sufferer & the Witness" was released on July 4, 2006 peaking at number 10 on Billboard 200 and received generally positive reviews from critics and was a commercial success along with their singles "Ready to Fall", "Prayer of the Refugee" and "The Good Left Undone". Rise Against toured in support of The Sufferer & the Witness throughout the second half of 2006 and all of 2007. The band was a headliner in the 2006 Warped Tour as part of the The Sufferer & the Witness Tour. In late 2006, the band co-headlined a tour with Thursday that included the bands Circa Survive and Billy Talent. "The Sufferer & the Witness" has less of the hardcore punk feel from the band's previous album. In 2007 Chasse decided to leave the band and was replaced by longtime friend Zach Blair from Only Crime. During this tour, on July 3, 2007, Rise Against released an EP in Canada titled "This Is Noise", which was subsequently released in the United States on January 15, 2008.
Rise Against's fifth studio album Appeal to Reason was released on October 4 in Australia, October 6 across Europe, and October 7 in the United States. The album sold 64,700 copies in its first week and peaked at number 3 on the U.S. Billboard 200, making it Rise Against's highest-charting album to date. Appeal to Reason was met with generally positive reviews. Rise Against embarked on a North American tour with bands Rancid, Billy Talent, Killswitch Engage, and Riverboat Gamblers in June and July 2009.
After touring for almost two years Rise Against had begun recording their sixth studio album for a 2011 release, at the Blasting Room in Fort Collins, Colorado. Rise Against has announced two South American shows in Brazil and Argentina and a run of European shows in late February and March 2011 respectively. "Endgame" was released on March 11, 2011 in the United States peaking at number 2 on The Billboard 200, receiving positive reviews from critics and commercial success in the United States and Canada, along with the band's three previous albums. After touring South America, and Europe, Rise Against will tour the United States in April in support of the Endgame Tour, with Bad Religion, and Four Year Strong in the support of the tour.
Personal life.
Barnes currently lives with his wife Tara, daughter Stella, and son Liam in Morrison, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="9815302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815302" title="Visible (album)">
Visible (album)

Visible was an album by Canadian progressive rock band CANO, released in 1985. 
It was the band's final studio album. Marcel Aymar, David Burt, Michel Dasti and Michel Kendell were joined on "Visible" by Ben Mink replacing Wasyl Kohut, who died of a brain aneurysm, and Mary Lu Zahalan replacing Rachel Paiement, who had moved to the west coast and married Jim Vallance. 
The album was strong and revitalized the band briefly. It included "Fond d'une bouteille", which was the French version of a song recorded on the "Camouflage" album, and "L'eloueze" which was written in Aymar's native Acadian dialect, and most poignantly "J'ai bien vécu", a tribute to band founder André Paiement, who committed suicide in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="9815307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815307" title="Dan Takuma">
Dan Takuma

Dan favored the cultivation of closer relations between Japan and the Western powers. In 1921, he led the Japanese Businessmen's Mission, in which a group of Japanese business leaders visited the United States, Great Britain, and France to discuss bilateral economic issues and to promote personal ties with businesspeople of those countries.
On March 5, 1932, Dan was assassinated by right-wing nationalist Goro Hishinuma as part of the League of Blood Incident.
Dan's son was embryologist Dan Katsuma, and his grandson was operatic composer Dan Ikuma.

</doc>
<doc id="9815311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815311" title="Lex McLean">
Lex McLean

Lex McLean (born Alexander McLean Cameron, 1908—1975) was a Scottish comedian.
Described as "almost certainly the last of Scotland's great music hall comedians" [http://www.freewebs.com/scottishmusichallsociety/lexmclean.htm]. He played to packed houses all over his country from the late 1950s to the early 1970s, when he had to semi-retire on the grounds of ill health.
Known as "Sexy Lex" for his risque but never obscene humour. His act was even passed by the Lord Chamberlain. [http://special.lib.gla.ac.uk/sta/artists/mclean.html]
At the peak of his popularity in the 1960s he appeared in the BBC Scotland comedy series "Lex" and "Lex Again". A huge fan of Rangers [http://scotlandonsunday.scotsman.com/review.cfm?id=1919722005], he even had Ibrox legend George Young guest on his television show.

</doc>
<doc id="9815338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815338" title="Modular multiplicative inverse">
Modular multiplicative inverse

In modular arithmetic, the modular multiplicative inverse of an integer "a" modulo "m" is an integer "x" such that
That is, it is the multiplicative inverse in the ring of integers modulo "m", denoted formula_2.
Once defined, "x" may be noted formula_3, where the fact that the inversion is m-modular is implicit.
The multiplicative inverse of "a" modulo "m" exists if and only if "a" and "m" are coprime (i.e., if ). If the modular multiplicative inverse of "a" modulo "m" exists, the operation of division by "a" modulo "m" can be defined as multiplying by the inverse, which is in essence the same concept as division in the field of reals.
Example.
Suppose we wish to find modular multiplicative inverse "x" of 3 modulo 11. 
This is the same as finding "x" such that
Working in formula_6 we find one value of "x" that satisfies this congruence is 4 because
and there are no other values of "x" in formula_6 that satisfy this congruence. Therefore, the modular multiplicative inverse of 3 modulo 11 is 4. 
Once we have found the inverse of 3 in formula_6, we can find other values of "x" in formula_10 that also satisfy the congruence. They may be found by adding multiples of to the found inverse. Generalizing, all possible "x" for this example can be formed from
yielding {..., −18, −7, 4, 15, 26, ...}.
Computation.
Extended Euclidean algorithm.
The modular multiplicative inverse of "a" modulo "m" can be found with the extended Euclidean algorithm. The algorithm finds solutions to Bézout's identity
where "a" and "b" are given and "x", "y" and gcd("a", "b") are the integers that the algorithm discovers. So, since the modular multiplicative inverse is the solution to
by the definition of congruence, , which means that m is a divisor of . This, in turn, means that
Rearranging produces
with "a" and "m" given, "x" the inverse, and "q" an integer multiple that will be discarded. This is the exact form of equation that the extended Euclidean algorithm solves—the only difference being that is predetermined instead of discovered. Thus, "a" needs to be coprime to the modulus, or the inverse won't exist.
This algorithm runs in time O(log("m")2), assuming , and is generally more efficient than exponentiation.
Using Euler's theorem.
As an alternative to the extended Euclidean algorithm, Euler's theorem may be used to compute modular inverse:
According to Euler's theorem, if "a" is coprime to "m", that is, , then
where φ("m") is Euler's totient function. This follows from the fact that "a" belongs to the multiplicative group (Z/"m"Z)× iff "a" is coprime to "m". Therefore the modular multiplicative inverse can be found directly:
In the special case when "m" is a prime, the modular inverse is given by the below equation as:
This method is generally slower than the extended Euclidean algorithm, but is sometimes used when an implementation for modular exponentiation is already available. Some disadvantages of this method include:
Applications.
The modular multiplicative inverse has many applications in algorithms, particularly those related to number theory, since many such algorithms rely heavily on the theory of modular arithmetic. As a simple example, consider the "exact division problem" where you have a list of odd word-sized numbers each divisible by "k" and you wish to divide them all by "k". One solution is as follows:
On many machines, particularly those without hardware support for division, division is a slower operation than multiplication, so this approach can yield a considerable speedup. The first step is relatively slow but only needs to be done once.

</doc>
<doc id="9815353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815353" title="Nick Symmonds">
Nick Symmonds

Nicholas "Nick" Symmonds (born December 30, 1983) is an American middle-distance track athlete, from Eugene, Oregon, specializing in the 800 meters and 1500 meters distances. Symmonds recently signed with Brooks Running, (1/2/14). In college at Willamette University he won seven NCAA Division III titles in outdoor track. Symmonds is a 5-time US National 800 metres champion. He has competed over 800 m at the last two Olympic Games, reaching the semi-finals in Beijing 2008, while in London 2012 he finished fifth in the final, running a personal best of 1:42.95. He won a silver medal in the 800 meters at the 2013 World Championships, having previously finished sixth in the 2009 final and fifth in 2011.
Education.
Symmonds was born on December 30, 1983, in Blytheville, Arkansas. His family moved to Boise, Idaho when he was three. His father Jeffrey Symmonds is a surgeon, and his mother Andrea is a teacher. Raised in Boise, Nick is a 2002 graduate of Bishop Kelly High School in that city. An avid outdoorsman, Nick earned his Eagle Scout award in high school. In high school he won state championships in the 800 m (PR 1:53), 1600 m (PR 4:20) and 3200 m individual races and on the 4 x 400m relay. He chose Willamette University in Salem, Oregon over other schools that could offer athletic scholarships.
At Willamette, a NCAA Division III school, Symmonds earned a degree in biochemistry in 2006 and is a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity. On the track outdoors, he won the 800 NCAA championship race all four years and the 1500 NCAA championship race as a freshman, junior, and senior. Symmonds collegiate best in the 800m (1:45.83) currently ranks No. 1 in NCAA Division III history. His 1500m collegiate best (3:40.91) ranks No. 3 all-time in NCAA Division III.
Post college.
After college Symmonds joined the Oregon Track Club Elite. A seven time outdoor track champion at the NCAA III level, he was runner-up at the AT&T USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships in 2006 in the 800m race. In 2007, he won the 800m race at the Prefontaine Classic meet in Eugene, Oregon, with a then personal best time of 1:44.54, shocking the current Olympic champion Yuriy Borzakovskiy by beating him with his own come-from-behind strategy.
In 2008, Symmonds won the United States Olympic Trials 800m final held in Eugene, Oregon with a personal best time of 1:44.10. He was the first of three Oregon associated athletes to finish at the top of this race before the home crowd, the other two being Andrew Wheating from the University of Oregon and Oregon Track Club training partner Christian Smith, an event referred to as the "Oregon sweep" and replayed many times in television coverage of the meet.[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHheRlned5s See it on a private youtube videoand as presented on TV. This qualified him (and all three) for the U.S. Olympic Team for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, for the 800 m race. At the Beijing Olympics, Symmonds won his first-round heat, then finished a non-qualifying fifth place in his semifinal heat with a time of 1:46.96, 0.73 seconds behind the winner of that heat.
Symmonds continued to improve in 2009, winning the USATF Championships over Khadevis Robinson, which qualified him to represent the United States at the World Championships. As part of his preparation for the championships, Symmonds ran a personal best of 1:43.83 on July 29, 2009, in Monaco. A few weeks later, Symmonds became the first American to qualify for the final of the men's 800m since 1997. He finished sixth in 1:45.71. In 2010, he lowered his personal record again, to 1:43.76, while finishing third behind David Rudisha's 1:41.01 world record at the IAAF World Challenge track and field meet in Rieti, Italy.
On June 25, 2012, Symmonds returned to the 2012 United States Olympic Trials again on his home track in Eugene, Oregon. The race went out fast, with Charles Jock leading Duane Solomon through a sub-50 second first lap. Atypically, Symmonds was not far off that pace. As Jock faded, Solomon charged off to a big lead through the final turn. Symmonds ran around the field and sprinted past Solomon on the homestretch to make his second Olympic team.
At the London Olympics, Symmonds was one of the two time qualifiers for the final of the 800m. He placed fifth in the final with a new personal best of 1:42.95; David Rudisha placed first in the world record time of 1:40.91., with Nijel Amos of Botswana second, Timothy Kitum of Kenya third, and Symmonds' teammate Duane Solomon fourth.
Off the track, Symmonds has dated Paris Hilton. Symmonds has been called the "Brad Pitt" of track.
Personal life.
Symmonds is rebelling against what he considers absurdly strict rules restricting athletes' ability to market themselves. For the 2012 season, he auctioned off space on his left shoulder for a temporary tattoo to advertise a sponsor. The winning bidder was a Milwaukee advertising agency, Hanson Dodge Creative, which paid $11,000 for the space to advertise their Twitter handle. During restricted competitions like the Olympic Trials and Olympics, Symmonds is required to cover up the tattoo with white tape, which actually draws attention to the taboo advertising underneath. Symmonds is not the first track athlete to do this; 2004 Olympic champion shot-putter Adam Nelson actively sold space on his shirt during the 2005 season (when he won the IAAF World Championships). The practice is also common in Boxing.
At the 2013 World Championships in Athletics in Moscow, Symmonds was a vocal critic of Russia's "anti-gay" laws. He dedicated his silver medal to his gay and lesbian friends.
Symmonds published an article in the November 2013 issue of Runner's World Magazine advocating that Congress should "an assault rifles and handguns for everyone except police and military personnel." The article sparked arguments on both sides of the gun control debate and criticism of the magazine for covering a topic unrelated to running.
Symmonds has a pet rabbit named Mortimer, with whom he posed for a PETA ad campaign against animal testing.

</doc>
<doc id="9815358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815358" title="Abdullahi Ibrahim">
Abdullahi Ibrahim

Abdullahi Ibrahim is a Nigerian lawyer, politician and administrator. He is a former Federal Minister of Justice.
Ibrahim was called to the English Bar in 1963, and was called to the Nigerian Bar in 1964. He served as Legal Adviser and Senior State Counsel in the defunct Northern Region of Nigeria. He entered private practice in 1973 as Managing Partner of Abdullahi Ibrahim and company.
Ibrahim was Legal Adviser and later Chairman of New Nigeria Development Company Limited, (NNDC). 
In 1982 he was admitted to the Inner Bar as a Senior Advocate of Nigeria. 
He was Chairman of the Body of Benchers until 2001.
He is a Notary Public, a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, a member of the Permanent Court of Arbitration at the Hague and Chairman of the Nigerian Bar Association Legal Practitioners Disciplinary Committee.
Ibrahim held cabinet positions as Federal Minister of Education, Science and Technology.
He was Minister for Transport and Aviation (1984–1985) in the cabinet of General Muhammadu Buhari.
He was Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice of Nigeria (1997 – May 1999) in the cabinet of General Abdulsalami Abubakar.
He is a Commissioner of the International - National Boundary Commission, and was a member of the Nigerian team that negotiated the Maritime Boundary Treaty between Nigeria and the Republic of Equatorial Guinea and the Unitization Agreement of the Zafiro/Ekanga Oil Fields.
He was the agent and later co-agent in the dispute between the Federal Republic of Nigeria and the Republic of Cameroon at the International Court of Justice at the Hague.

</doc>
<doc id="9815359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815359" title="Komerční banka">
Komerční banka

Komerční banka (KB) is a major bank in the Czech Republic. It serves about 1.5 million customers in more than 350 branches.
The bank was founded in 1990 following separation of commercial activities from the former Státní banka československá (State Bank of Czechoslovakia). In 1992, the bank was partially privatized in voucher privatization. In 2001, the government sold its 60% stake in the bank to Société Générale for 40 CZK billion.
Komerční banka Award.
On May 4, 2005, Komerční banka signed an agreement with Národní divadlo in Prague to annually honor the most prominent acts performed at the Czech National Theatre in overall three categories - ballet, drama and opera. 
Apart from a statue designed by the academic Jaroslav Róna, each winner also receives an amount of 100,000 CZK. The first ceremony was held on October 26, 2006 at the stage of Národní divadlo.

</doc>
<doc id="9815363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815363" title="Susan Hogan (actress)">
Susan Hogan (actress)

Susan Hogan is a Canadian actress.
Hogan is part of an acting family; husband Michael Hogan played Colonel Tigh on "Battlestar Galactica", while son Gabriel Hogan has a number of television and film credits. Daughter Jennie Rebecca Hogan is also an actress.
Hogan has a substantial list of credits in television and film. Many of her appearances were in films, miniseries and series that were produced and aired on Canadian television. Among her best-known credits was the television show "Night Heat". The show was produced and aired in Canada, but was also featured on CBS, making it one of the first Canadian-produced shows to be shown on American television. Hogan played Nickie Rimbaud from 1985 to 1989. More recently, she has been in a recurring role on the Showtime series "The L Word", playing Dana's conservative mother Sharon. She also had a recurring role as Ellen Bazile, the paternal grandmother of Britt Robertson's character on the series "Life Unexpected".
In 1994, she starred in "".

</doc>
<doc id="9815377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815377" title="Burlington Mall">
Burlington Mall

Burlington Mall may refer to the following shopping malls:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="9815390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815390" title="2007 CIAA Basketball Tournament">
2007 CIAA Basketball Tournament

The 2007 CIAA Basketball Tournament took place between February 26 and March 3, 2007 in Charlotte, North Carolina at the Charlotte Bobcats Arena.
Elizabeth City State won the men's championship securing a spot in the NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Championship, and North Carolina Central won the women's championship to advance to the NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9815406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815406" title="List of information schools">
List of information schools

This list of information schools includes members of the iSchools organization.
iSchools organization.
This iSchools organization reflects a consortium of over 40 information schools in a dozen countries. iSchools promote an interdisciplinary approach to understanding the opportunities and challenges of information management, with a core commitment to concepts like universal access and user-centered organization of information. The field is concerned broadly with questions of design and preservation across information spaces, from digital and virtual spaces such as online communities, social networking, the World Wide Web, and databases to physical spaces such as libraries, museums, collections, and other repositories.
Degree programs at iSchools include course offerings in areas such as information architecture, design, policy, and economics; knowledge management, user experience design, and usability; preservation and conservation; librarianship and library administration; the sociology of information; and human-computer interaction and computer science.
iConferences.
Members of the iSchools organize a regular academic conference, known as the iConference, hosted by a different member institution each year.
Other schools of information.
Other information schools and programs include:

</doc>
<doc id="9815423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815423" title="Route nationale 154">
Route nationale 154

The RN154 is a trunk road (nationale) in France linking Val-de-Reuil (near Rouen) and Artenay (near Orléans). A substantial portion of the road has been designated part of the outer Paris ring-road (premier cas/first - inner - solution), leading to an increase in traffic volumes. Partly because of this, the road has been or is being upgraded to dual carriageway for much of its length.
Route.
Val-de-Reuil to Dreux.
Between La Madeleine-de-Nonancourt and Dreux, the road is called Route nationale 12

</doc>
<doc id="9815435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815435" title="Canna 'Musaefolia'">
Canna 'Musaefolia'

Canna 'Musaefolia' cultivars belong to the Foliage Group of Cannas. In the first work devoted to Canna, "Le Canna" - authored by M. Chaté in 1867 with the co-operation of Monsieur Théodore Année, we were provided with the first written description and details of origin. The Musaefolia members of the Foliage Group consist of a specimen that was accepted as a native species of Peru by the experts of the time, and at least 7 hybrids and cultivars carrying that parentage. The original "species" was unique because it was without rhizomes, and required to be kept constantly growing. No such species is known to exist in this age, and leading authorities treat C. "musaefolia" as a synonym of C. "paniculata".
Origin.
Monsieur Chaté writes, "This species was formerly described in the English, Dutch, and German horticultural journals under the name of C. "excelsa". It was named "musæfolia" by Monsieur Théodore Année, who introduced it into France in 1858, from the resemblance of its leaves to those of the Musa or banana-tree. It reaches a height of more than and has green, downy stems, and very large, oval, green leaves. Flowers small, orange-yellow. It is a tender species without rhizomes, and requires to be kept constantly growing. Peru."
Nowadays, "Canna excelsa" is accepted as a synonym of C. "paniculata". However, all currently known Cannas have rhizomes or tubers.
Hybrids.
We do know that the early hybridizers, led by Monsieur Année, crossed the original import and produced cultivars, some of which still live on.
Canna 'Musaefolia Hybrida'.
"Resembles C. 'Musaefolia', but the stems and leaves are thicker and of a deeper green."
A tall Foliage Group cultivar; dark green foliage, very large, broadly oblong shaped, maroon margin, spreading habit; oval stems, coloured green; flowers are upright, self-coloured salmon-red, staminodes are small, edges regular, style is red, petals purple with farina, fully self-cleaning; fertile both ways, not true to type, self-pollinating, capsules round; rhizomes are thick, up to 3 cm in diameter, coloured purple; tillering is prolific. Introduced by Théodore Année, Passy, France, EU in 1860.
Canna 'Musaefolia Minima'.
"Leaves of a whitish green, badly set. Flowers small, orange brown. No rootstocks. Introduced by Théodore Année, Passy, France, EU in 1860." 
As all Canna grown today have rhizomes or tubers, this hybrid must now be considered to be extinct.
Canna 'Musaefolia Peruviana'.
"Stems green and downy, 5 ft. to 6½ ft. high. Leaves very large, wide, green. Flowers small, orange. Rootstocks very small. Introduced by E. Chaté et fils, sentier Saint-Antoine, Saint-Mandé, Paris, France, EU. in 1862."
A tall Foliage Group cultivar; green foliage, very large, broadly oblong shaped, maroon margin, spreading habit; oval stems, coloured green; spikes of flowers are open, red-orange with orange-red spots, staminodes are medium size, edges regular, labellum is gold flecked, stamen is gold with orange markings, style is orange, petals yellow, fully self-cleaning; fertile both ways, not true to type, self-pollinating, capsules round; rhizomes are thick, up to 3 cm in diameter, coloured pink and purple; tillering is prolific.
This does not normally flower in northern climates, but if kept growing over the winter in a heated greenhouse or conservatory it will happily bloom either in late spring or late summer.
Canna 'Musaefolia Perfecta'.
"Stems from 5 ft. to 6½ ft. high. Leaves broad, very firm, of a handsomish whiteish green. Flowers small, yellow. Roots fiberous, without rootstocks. Introduced by Théodore Année, Passy, France, EU in 1862."
The description above states that it is without rhizomes. No such Canna rhizome challenged cultivar currently exists and therefore this must be considered extinct.
Canna 'Musaefolia Rubra'.
"Stems dark red, 6½ ft. high. Leaves dark purple-red, oval, very large. Flowers small, salmon-red. Rootstocks very tender, with fibrous roots. Introduced by Théodore Année, Passy, France, EU in 1862."
A tall Foliage Group cultivar; dark green foliage, very large, broadly oblong shaped, maroon margin, spreading habit; oval stems, coloured green; flowers are upright, self-coloured salmon-red, staminodes are small, edges regular, style is red, petals purple with farina, fully self-cleaning; fertile both ways, not true to type, self-pollinating, capsules round; rhizomes are thick, up to 3 cm in diameter, coloured purple; tillering is prolific.
Canna 'Musaefolia Grande'.
The original five musaefolia hybrids have been recently joined by this cultivar, which may be a synonym of one of the five above, or a new hybrid. It is regarded by many enthusiasts as a magnificent specimen and is becoming increasingly popular. 
A giant Foliage Group cultivar; green and purple variegated foliage, large, oval shaped, maroon margin, branching habit; half-round stems, coloured green + purple; spikes of flowers are upright, self-coloured orange-red, staminodes are long and narrow, fully self-cleaning; fertile both ways, not true to type, self-pollinating, capsules globose; rhizomes are thick, up to 7 cm in diameter, coloured purple; tillering is prolific. Introduced by Herb Kelly, USA, from Venezuela.
The earliest reference to this is the catalogue of Kelly's Plant World, California, USA. 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9815447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815447" title="Bến Hải River">
Bến Hải River

The Bến Hải River () is a river in central Vietnam which became an important landmark in the partition of the country into a northern and a southern zone along the 17th parallel by the Geneva Accords of 1954. The demilitarized zone (DMZ) separating the two parts extended about from either side of the river.
The Bến Hải River has a total length of about 100 kilometers; its source is located in the Annamite Mountains along the border with Laos and it flows into the South China Sea at Cua Tung (Tung River mouth). In the mountains, the river is named "Rao Thanh". It flows from west to east just south of the 17th parallel and close to the northern border of Quảng Trị Province, in which it is located. At its widest point, the river is about 200 meters wide.
At the time of the partition, the principal north-south road (Highway 1) crossed the Bến Hải River over Hien Luong Bridge (also known as the "Peace Bridge"), a beam bridge built from steel by the French in 1950. After the partition, the northern portion of the bridge was painted red and the southern portion yellow. The bridge was damaged by American bombardment during the Vietnam War in 1967. After the Paris Peace Accords, a modern bridge was built next to the old bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="9815449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815449" title="The Rise of Catherine the Great">
The Rise of Catherine the Great

Catherine the Great (also titled The Rise of Catherine the Great) is a 1934 British historical film based on the play "The Czarina" by Lajos Bíró and Melchior Lengyel, about the rise to power of Catherine the Great. It was directed by Paul Czinner, and stars Elisabeth Bergner as Catherine, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. as Grand Duke Peter, Dorothy Hale as Countess Olga, and Flora Robson as Empress Elizabeth.
Plot.
This historical drama recounts the events that led to the accession of Catherine the Great, Empress of all the Russias. The film opens with the arrival of Princess Sophie Auguste Frederika – whose name would be changed to ‘Catherine’ – from her father’s court of Anhalt-Zerbst (in modern Germany) to the court of the Empress Elizabeth. “Little Catherine” is to marry the Grand Duke Peter, nephew and heir presumptive of the unmarried and childless Empress Elizabeth.
Peter already displays signs of mental instability and a sharply misogynist streak. He rejects Catherine on their wedding night, reacting to something innocently said by his French valet, claiming that she used feminine tricks to win him over. In time though, Peter accepts her and they have a happy marriage for a while. Meanwhile, Catherine gains important experience of government from working as principal aide to the empress.
The empress dies and Peter becomes tsar, but his mental illness is starting to get the better of him, along with sheer boredom in the job. Catherine still loves him despite beginning a very public love affair with one of her best friends – until one night when Peter goes one step too far in publicly humiliating his wife. She ceases to love him, which enables her to be clear-headed in supporting a planned coup d'état. The following morning, he is arrested and Catherine is made Empress of All the Russias.
The elevation is marred by Peter’s murder that very morning, contrary to Catherine’s command. Grigory Orlov explains that everything has a price, and the crown has the highest price of all. The film ends, with Catherine in tears on her throne, while the cheers of the crowds are heard outside.

</doc>
<doc id="9815461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815461" title="Samuel Lewis (barrister)">
Samuel Lewis (barrister)

Sir Samuel Lewis CMG, BL (1843–1903) was a Sierra Leonean mayor of Freetown and lawyer. Sir Samuel Lewis was the first West African ever knighted and was the third Sierra Leonean to qualify as a barrister. Sir Samuel Lewis was the first mayor of Freetown after the Freetown Municipal Council was established. In 1896, he was made a knight, the first West African to achieve such an honour, a year after he had been appointed mayor.
Background.
Lewis was one of nine children (eight sons and a daughter) of an Aku Recaptive merchant (in real estate and agricultural products) Elderman William Lewis of Oxford Street in the Freetown Municipal Council, and his wife Fanny. His siblings - Ebenezer Albert, Christopher Bright Lewis, William Jr, John, Josiah William, Emmanuel, Jacob and Caroline Matilda Lumpkin - were all political leaders and heads of the colonial government of Freetown. Lewis travelled to England by way of the relationship between his father William and the captain of a merchant ship that was shipping goods from Freetown to England.
Political career and legal luminary.
Lewis went to England in 1866. He entered the Middle Temple, and then the chambers of Samuel Danks Waddy. He moved on to a chancery chambers, and was called to the bar in 1871. He returned to Freetown in 1872.
Lewis and other Eldermen who formed the Freetown Municipal Council were able to convince the Colonial Government with civil protest to relinquish power and the day to day running of the Municipal Council by Black Africans.

</doc>
<doc id="9815509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815509" title="Vachellia farnesiana var. farnesiana">
Vachellia farnesiana var. farnesiana

"Vachellia farnesiana" var. "farnesiana", Huisache or Sweet Acacia, is a species of shrub or small tree in the legume family, Fabaceae. It is native to the Americas, including the Southern United States, Mexico, and the Neotropics. "V. f." var. "farnesiana" has been planted throughout the world, and is often considered a weed. The name "huisache" is derived from Nahuatl and means "many thorns," as the base of each leaf is accompanied by a pair of thorns on the branch. It reaches a height of and grows multiple trunks. Deer and peccaries eat its fruit, various birds use the plant for nesting and cover, and insects eat the nectar from its flowers. If disturbed, Huisache will readily resprout. This drought-tolerant species is often used in xeriscaping.

</doc>
<doc id="9815527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815527" title="Gregory Sedoc">
Gregory Sedoc

Gregory Sedoc (born 16 October 1981 in Amsterdam, North Holland) is a Dutch hurdler.
He reached his first international final at the 2007 European Indoor Championships in 60 metres hurdles, and won the event, equalling his personal best time of 7.63 seconds which was established in the previous rounds and beating fellow-countryman Marcel van der Westen with 0.01 second. Commenting on the win, Sedoc stated that "this is so ridiculous. Unbelievable. I never thought I would be able to become European champion... Getting a one-two in the final has never happened to the Netherlands before and it's fantastic." Sedoc followed this up with a silver medal at the 2009 European Indoor Championships.
He had previously competed at the European Championships in 2002 and 2006, the World Championships in 2003 and 2005 and the 2004 Olympics, as well as numerous European Indoor (2002, 2005) and World Indoor Championships (2003, 2004, 2006), without ever reaching the final. 
His personal best time over 110 m hurdles is 13.37 seconds, achieved in May 2007 in Hengelo.

</doc>
<doc id="9815530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815530" title="Minaean language">
Minaean language

The Minaean language (or, to be exact, Madhābic) language was an Old South Arabian or Ṣayhadic language spoken in Yemen in the times of the Old South Arabian civilisation. The main area of its use may be located in the al-Jawf region of North-East Yemen, primarily in the Wādī Madhāb. Most of texts in this language were composed by the Minaeans, but the other civil-temple communities of the Wādī Madhāb (Nashshan, Kaminahu, Ḥaram, and Inabba') also used it as a literary medium.
History.
The earliest Minaean inscriptions are contemporary with the earliest Sabaean ones, i.e. the 8th century BCE, though they are less numerous, and come from the cities along Wadi Madhaab, to the north-east of Ma'rib. Minaean trading posts, and Minaean inscriptions are also found outside South Arabia, as in the ancient oasis of Dēdan (the present day al-'Ūlā in Saudi Arabia), and even on the Greek island of Delos and in Egypt. Minaean seems to disappear as a written language about the end of the 2nd century BCE.
Phonology.
The phonology of the ancient Minnaean language seems to be essentially similar to that of the other Old South Arabian language. One peculiarity of Minaean is that it writes the phoneme /s/ in foreign names as /ṯ/ (e.g., Delos becomes "dlṯ" ), but still keeps the phoneme distinct in native words.
Minaean seems to insert an etymologically unexplained "h" in certain nominal endings, pronouns and particles; some plurals also exhibit this same feature: "bhn" and "bhnt", plurals of "bn" (son). These may be plene writings of a long vowel other than /u:/ or /i:/.
Grammatical Features Peculiar to Minaean.
Due to the limited amount of texts that have survived, many forms are not attested, though hopefully the discovery of new texts will provide us with more source material. In Minaean external plurals seem to be especially common; an -h is often used at the end of words in the construct state, even in the singular.
Particles.
Whereas Sabaean uses the preposition "l-" to mean "to(wards)", or to express the dative case, Minaean often has "k-" (compare Ḥaḑramitic "h-"). The particle k- has a prefixed s2 in Minaean, as in "bn s2-kḏ" "from (the possibility) that ...". Minaean, like the other non-Sabaean languages also has a temporal conjunction "mty" ("when").
The Minaean negative particle, which has been so far badly attested, is "lhm".
Verbs.
Minaean is distinguished from the other Old South Arabian languages by having an extra form for verb stems with a reduplicated second radical, spelled fˁˁl (as in ˁlly, "raise" )
Conjugation of the Perfect Tense.
Mianaic, like the other South Arabian languages, forms the Perfect tense by adding suffixes. Unlike the other dialects, however, it does not write the dual and plural endings, they are therefore the same as the singular; for example: "s3l"' ("he/they dedicated").

</doc>
<doc id="9815542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815542" title="The Eustace Bros.">
The Eustace Bros.

The Eustace Bros. was a BBC drama series starring Charles Dale, Neil Morrissey and Ralf Little as three brothers from Nottingham struggling to keep their discount warehouse business afloat. The show first aired under the name of Paradise Heights in 2002, with the second and final series being shown in 2003 with the new name.

</doc>
<doc id="9815557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815557" title="Peter Burrell">
Peter Burrell

Peter Burrell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9815566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815566" title="Paradise Heights">
Paradise Heights

Paradise Heights may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9815602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815602" title="Nagisa ni te">
Nagisa ni te

"Nagisa Ni te's naked Progressive rock-based worldly songs, which are sung not so much deliberately as seriously, on their love beach, now fill a blank somewhere between underground hi-fi and overground lo-fi."
Masako Takeda is the other half of the duo, and is the longtime girlfriend of Shibayama.
Shibayama and Takeda are the core members of the group, but they often employ a line-up of guest members that contribute to their music. The most consistent of these are Ikuro Takahashi, Eiji Tanaka, Naoki Zushi, Soichiro Nakamura and occasional members of Maher Shalal Hash Baz.
The group's lyrics deal largely with nature, with simple, mood-driven instrumentation. They have been compared to Pink Floyd, Tim Hardin, Tim Buckley, Nick Drake, Neil Young and the Velvet Underground, with occasional long guitar and keyboard "freak-outs".

</doc>
<doc id="9815627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815627" title="Marcel van der Westen">
Marcel van der Westen

Marcel van der Westen (born 1 August 1976 in Laren, North Holland) is a retired Dutch hurdler.
He reached his first international final at the 2007 European Indoor Championships in 60 metres hurdles, and won the silver medal behind compatriot Gregory Sedoc. In 2008 he became Amsterdam Sportsman of the year.
Van der Westen had previously competed at the 2005 World Championships and the 2006 European Championships, as well as numerous European Indoor (2002, 2005) and World Indoor Championships (2003, 2004, 2006), without ever reaching the final.
His personal best time over 110 m hurdles is 13.43 seconds, achieved in June 2005 in Leiria.
He currently lives in Weesp and works as a tax consultant.

</doc>
<doc id="9815676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815676" title="Qatabanian language">
Qatabanian language

One of the four better-documented languages of the Old South Arabian (or "Ṣayhadic") sub-group of South Semitic, Qatabānian (or Qatabānic) was spoken mainly but not exclusively in the kingdom of Qatabān,located in central Yemen. The language is attested between 500 BC and 200 AD. Some two thousand inscriptions are known written in the Ancient South Arabian Monumental Script, known as "Musnad". These inscriptions are mainly found in Wādī Bayhān and Wādī Ḥārib to the south-east of Ma'rib, and from the plateau to the south of that area. Qatabanian inscriptions increase after the beginning of the 4th century BC when the Sabaeans ceased to dominate the area, and Qatabān became an independent kingdom.
Qatabanian was spoken in an area across the kingdom of Qatabān as far as Jabal al-'Awd (near Zafar) in the southwest, and if we are to believe the Greek and Latin writers, it went as far as Bāb al-Mandab on the Red Sea. At the end of the 2nd century AD, Saba' and Ḥaḑramawt finally defeated Qatabān, and the inscriptions ended.
The language used to write inscriptions in the kingdom of Awsān, known as Awsānian (or Awsānite) is virtually identical to Qatabānic, but it is so badly attested (25 inscriptions), that it remains uncertain whether it is a Qatabānic dialect or a distinct language.
Numerals.
Qatabānian has an unusual form for the cardinal number "one" - "ṭd" / fem. "ṭt" ; this has no known cognates in any of the ancient Semitic languages, although it does appear in modern South Arabian languages (cf. Jibbālī "ṭad", fem. "ṭit"). Qatabānian also has another word for "one", "ˤs1tn", which is cognate with the Minaean "ˤs1t" (and with forms in Akkadian, Ugaritic and Hebrew). The Qatabānian forms for "three" and "six" are the same as the Old Sabaean words: "s2lṯ" (fem. "s2lṯt") and "s1dṯ" (fem. "s1dṯt").
Qatabānian expresses distributives by repeating the number, thus: b-ˤs2r ˤs2r ḫbṣtm mṣˤm l-ṭt ṭt ywmm "ten full Ḫabṣat coins each for each day".

</doc>
<doc id="9815693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815693" title="The Penny Harvest">
The Penny Harvest

The Penny Harvest, an educational program in the U.S. created by the not-for-profit Common Cents, engages students in Youth Philanthropy – fundraising, grant-making and service – with the goal of developing their generosity and moral character as well as their understanding of democratic participation. 
Nationally, over half a million children participate in the Penny Harvest and have raised over 5 million dollars since the program’s inception. Students use the funds to provide monetary grants to non-profits and carry-out Neighborhood Service projects. Many of the causes and charities these children support through the Penny Harvest include sexual abuse, LGBT rights, issues surrounding homelessness, animal cruelty, and immigration rights, and charities such as American Red Cross, Make-A-Wish Foundation, and the American Cancer Society.
The Penny Harvest is a service-learning and character education program that strives to continue US President Bill Clinton’s vision of expanding opportunities for Americans to serve their communities. The program endeavors to bridge the theoretical leap from community service to total service-learning, where service is integrated into the classroom through instruction. “School-based philanthropy initiatives, like the Penny Harvest, are now catching on nation wide.”
Background.
Penny Harvest.
The Penny Harvest began in 1991 with a question from then 4-year old Nora Gross – “That man is cold. Why can’t we take him home?” She was referring to a homeless man she saw while walking on NYC’s Broadway with her father Teddy Gross, founder of Common Cents and the Penny Harvest. 
That one question was the catalyst for what was to become the Penny Harvest program. Gross began “harvesting” in his building, “asking neighbors if they had any pennies, and how they would feel about giving them to the homeless.” 
”Each year in New York City, 2 million dollars’ worth of pennies are wasted. People dump them into jars….” Others of them “disappear into drawers, behind car seats, into trash heaps and into penny oblivion.” The Penny Harvest program ventures to capitalize on these annually discarded pennies.
The Phases.
The year long Penny Harvest is divided into four phases.
Gathering Pennies: Phase 1.
Each October and November, children between the ages of four and 14 connect with their parents, friends, neighbors and local businesses as they go door to door in search of pennies. Neighbors of all types and generations talk and share with the ultimate goal of coalescing as a stronger community. 
The program attempts to engage New York City schools to involve the entire student body. Through activities like penny rallies and “Wheel of Caring” assemblies, students, teachers, parents and staff join forces for one common goal: beating the “25 Sack Challenge” Each school strives to fill 25 sacks of pennies weighing .
To encourage participation, student leaders make PA announcements, create and decorate bulletin boards, rally individual classes and lead assemblies. “Teachers also use program to connect real-life issues with subjects like math, English and social Studies.” 
Making Grants: Phase 2.
The Philanthropy Roundtable, distinctive to the Penny Harvest program, enables the students to ultimately decide how to spend the harvest funds. In brief, young people form Philanthropy Roundtables, study community problems, and try to determine which organizations best alleviate those problems. They then make cash grants, with the pennies they collected earlier, to those organizations (possibly). Chris Collin. "Make Pennies Count." Parade Magazine 11 Aug. 1996: 8-9.</ref>
Taking Action: Phase 3.
Students conceive and plan their own Neighborhood Service projects. They partner with experienced neighborhood groups to learn more about complex community problems and how to solve them.
Outcomes.
In a study of the impact of the Penny Harvest program conducted by Dr. Chris Weiss, the Director of Quantitative Methods in the Social Sciences at Columbia University, teachers involved in the program expressed that students who participate gain self-confidence and the self-awareness that they can make a difference. The teachers saw participating students sharpen their teamwork, communication and leadership skills and increase their effort academically. Importantly, teachers said they see students carry these positive impacts over time. In addition, teachers reported the program connects their schools to people and resources in the surrounding community and helps to get parents involved. 
Accolades.
In 2006 Chancellor Joel I. Klein of the New York City Department of Education told principals that he recommended they bring the Penny Harvest to their schools “as part of a comprehensive strategy to improve the culture in your school. Consider the Penny Harvest as the key to service-learning and community involvement in your school.”
“The Penny Harvest takes place early in the year and helps foster school spirit, a positive atmosphere, improved community relations and favorable publicity,” said Principal Robert Guzzio of PS 14 in the Bronx. “The program develops a commitment to community, self worth and a caring attitude among students.” 
Many youngsters find themselves taking part in group activities and even transforming into leaders for the first time as they get caught up in the thrill of the harvest. Diane Gonzalez, a teacher at PS 94, said “Everyone participated. Even students with speech problems were speaking and interacting, giving presentations and making phone calls!” 
One parent said, “It was without a doubt the best thing my son did all year ... out of all of the classes and school assignments, he got the most out of the Penny Harvest.” 

</doc>
<doc id="9815728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815728" title="Rockwood Lodge">
Rockwood Lodge

Rockwood Lodge was the training facility of the Green Bay Packers from 1946 through 1949. It is believed to have been the first self-contained team training facility in pro football history.
Located approximately north of the city of Green Bay, Wisconsin on a limestone bluff overlooking the eponymous Green Bay, the complex included player housing and a natural outdoor "amphitheater" in which team meetings were held. It had originally been built in 1937 as a retreat for the Norbertine Order, whose abbey was located in nearby De Pere. Packers head coach Curly Lambeau had been mesmerized by the facility, and bought it for $32,000--an extravagant sum for the time. He then spent $8,000 to heavily renovate it, with a view towards having the entire team and the players' families live at Rockwood throughout the season.
The purchase was not without controversy. Although Lambeau had enjoyed more or less a free hand in the team's day-to-day operations for three decades, several members of the board of directors balked at the purchase price and nearly resigned. Additionally, many Packer fans felt chagrin at having to drive out of town to see team practices.
The facility proved problematic for other reasons as well. Most notably, the brick-hard limestone below the practice fields left the players so battered that Lambeau frequently had to move practices back to City Stadium. The players grew to despise a facility they began calling "the Rock"--a veiled reference to Alcatraz. By some accounts, the fields took so much out of the players that it contributed to the Packers' lackluster 12-10-1 record in the four years after the retirement of star wide receiver Don Hutson. The facility also proved to be a severe drain on the Packers' finances. By the end of the 1949 season, the Packers were gasping, and rumors abounded that the NFL would use the impending merger with the All-America Football Conference as an excuse to contract the team or force it to move. Indeed, Lambeau had found investors willing to pump $50,000 into the team if it changed from public to private ownership--a proposal that many fans felt was a prelude to moving the team to the West Coast.
On January 24, 1950, Rockwood Lodge burned down. One week later, Lambeau resigned his position with the Packers and moved to Chicago to coach the Chicago Cardinals. The team eventually received $75,000 from its insurance company.[http://www.packers.com/history/fast_facts/financial_1919_to_1958/] The cause of the fire remains unknown to this day, though rumors have long abounded that someone linked with the team deliberately set the fire in hopes of using the insurance money to relieve the team's dire fiscal situation. As it turned out, that money was more than enough to save the franchise and keep it in Green Bay.
After Rockwood Lodge, the Packers moved their training camp to Grand Rapids, Minnesota from 1950 through 1953 and then Stevens Point, Wisconsin from 1954–57 before settling in at St. Norbert College in DePere, Wisconsin, where they train to this day.
The grounds of Rockwood Lodge now make up Bay Shore Park.
In 2005, Daniel Flagstad, son of former Rockwood Lodge operators Melvin and Helen Flagstad, donated an authentic Packers #14 jersey worn by Don Hutson to the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame. Flagstad had been given the jersey as a boy in 1946 by the team's equipment manager.

</doc>
<doc id="9815761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815761" title="The Shoe Company">
The Shoe Company

The Shoe Company is a Canadian shoe and apparel store, originating from the Greater Toronto Area. They currently operate 65 stores from Victoria, BC to St. Johns, Newfoundland. Leonard Simpson is the founder of Town Shoes and had the vision to see the growth opportunity for footwear to be sold in a big box format. He then created the Shoe Company and has recently purchased the Western Canada based Shoe Warehouse.
Since 1994, The Shoe Company has been the leading brand name for The Shoe Company conglomerate Town Shoes.

</doc>
<doc id="9815766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815766" title="Edgar Allan Poe in popular culture">
Edgar Allan Poe in popular culture

Edgar Allan Poe has appeared in popular culture as a character in books, comics, film, and other media. Besides his works, the legend of Poe himself has fascinated people for generations. His appearances in popular culture often envision him as a sort of "mad genius" or "tormented artist," exploiting his personal struggles. Many depictions of Poe interweave with his works, in part due to Poe's frequent use of first-person narrators, suggesting an assumption that Poe and his characters are identical.
This article focuses specifically on the historical Edgar Allan Poe making appearances in fiction, television, and film.
Audio Theater/Radio Theater.
The 2011 audio play "The Poe Toaster Not Cometh," by Washington Audio Theater, explains the mysterious death of Edgar Allan Poe by depicting Poe as a vampire who comes to life in modern times and engages in a killing spree in Baltimore. The play seeks to explain the Poe Toaster mystery by suggesting the Poe Toaster is in fact a contemporary of Poe's, surviving through the centuries via occult means.
See also.
Poe's work has had extensive influence on culture:

</doc>
<doc id="9815774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815774" title="Action Girlz Racing">
Action Girlz Racing

Action Girlz Racing is a racing video game produced by Data Design Interactive. It was released in 2005 in Europe for Windows and PlayStation 2. A version for the PlayStation Portable was also announced for that same year, but was cancelled. In 2007 the game was ported to the Wii.
Reception.
The Wii version belatedly received a score of 0.8/10 on IGN in 2009, a full year after the game's release. Reviewer Lucas M. Thomas stated "Grab your lipstick, start your engine and get ready for, quite possibly, the worst Wii game of 2008".

</doc>
<doc id="9815792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815792" title="Jacques Lob">
Jacques Lob

Jacques Lob (19 August 1932 – 30 June 1990) was a French comic book creator, known for several Franco-Belgian comics creations, but most famously "Superdupont".
Biography.
Jacques Lob began his career as an illustrator of humorous cartoons that were published in various magazines, until he was advised to focus on his writing by Jean-Michel Charlier. Working for magazines like "Pilote", "Spirou", and "Record" in the early 60s, he wrote material for artists such as Jean-Claude Mézières, Pierre Guilmard, Jo-El Azara and eventually Jijé providing material for "Jerry Spring".
Upon meeting Georges Pichard, the two began a partnership that would span several works and a few genres. Initially they produced "Ténébrax" in 1964, for the short-lived magazine "Chouchou", which continued its serialisation in the Italian magazine "Linus". For "Pilote", they produced the family-friendly superhero parody, "Submerman". The following series, serialised in "V Magazine" in 1968, "Blanche Épiphanie" was of a different character however, and its erotic qualities caused mixed public reaction. In this genre, they also produced "Ulysse" for "Charlie Mensuel" in 1969.
In collaboration with Gotlib, his most famous character "Superdupont" was created in 1972. It was first serialised in "Pilote", and later in "L'Écho des savanes", then drawn by Alexis, and after his death, by Solé.

</doc>
<doc id="9815797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815797" title="141st Field Artillery Regiment">
141st Field Artillery Regiment

The 141st Field Artillery Regiment (Washington Artillery) is a United States field artillery regiment.
History.
The 141st Field Artillery is an historic American military unit that is currently part of the Louisiana Army National Guard headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana. It traces its lineage to a militia artillery battery back to 1838, and its heritage includes substantial combat service in several major wars. It earned the Presidential Unit Citation (US) for its service in World War II.
The Washington Artillery was founded on September 7, 1838 as the Washington Artillery Company. It received its regimental flag in August 1846 after serving under Zachary Taylor in the Mexican–American War.
26 May 1861 the Unit was mustered into the American Civil War; four companies served in the Army of Northern Virginia and a fifth was in the Army of Tennessee. Elements of the Washington Artillery participated in over sixty major actions. A few notable engagements include: Battle of Antietam, Battle of Gettysburg, Battle of Shiloh, Battle of Chickamauga, Battle of Fredericksburg, First Battle of Manassas, and the Battle of Cold Harbor.
After the Civil War, it was reorganized as an independent unit called the “Louisiana Volunteer Field Artillery” where it served the United States in the occupation of Cuba. It later was called into service to protect the Mexican border in 1916. A year later it received the designation 141st Artillery. In early 1941, the 141st Field Artillery was mobilized for World War II where it earned the Presidential Unit Citation; a duplicate unit was formed, the 935th Field Artillery Battalion, with both serving in Europe and North Africa. The anti-tank batteries of the battalion were separated in mid-1941, and formed the 773rd Tank Destroyer Battalion.
Between 1959 and 1967, several sister units were combined to form the 141st Field Artillery Battalion. In 2004 through 2005 and again in 2010, the 141st FA as part of the 256th Infantry Brigade mobilized to Baghdad, Iraq, in support of Operations Iraqi Freedom and .
On 29 August 2005, Hurricane Katrina struck the gulf coast of Louisiana and Mississippi while most members of the Washington Artillery were still serving their final weeks of deployment in Iraq. Following the return of the Battalion to Louisiana, a detachment immediately mobilized to New Orleans to aid law enforcement with rescue efforts. With the help of the Louisiana State Police, those efforts transitioned into a support mission for the New Orleans Police Department. Joint Task Force Gator was created to help combat the rise of looting and other crimes resulting from the loss of law enforcement officers in the New Orleans area. After three-and-a-half years of assisting local police and patrolling the city, the task force was released from duty on 28 February 2009.
Regimental colors and streamers.
Regimental colors of the Washington Artillery
<br>
<br> These are the Campaign streamers awarded to the Regiment: <br>
<br> Mexican–American War
American Civil War
World War I
<br>
World War II
Operation Iraqi Freedom
<br>
Current.
The 141st Field Artillery currently consists of the 1st Battalion, 141st Field Artillery. It is assigned as the fires battalion for the 256th Infantry Brigade Combat Team of the Louisiana Army National Guard headquartered in the famed Jackson Barracks.

</doc>
<doc id="9815819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815819" title="Ploshchad Lenina (Saint Petersburg Metro)">
Ploshchad Lenina (Saint Petersburg Metro)

Ploshchad Lenina (, "Lenin Square") is a station on the Kirovsko-Vyborgskaya Line of the Saint Petersburg Metro, located between Chernyshevskaya and Vyborgskaya. The station was opened on June 1, 1958, on the second line of the metro between Ploshchad Vosstaniya and Ploshchad Lenina. It was named after Lenin Square, the location of its surface vestibule. In the early plans, it was named "Finland Station."
Surface vestibules.
The surface vestibule of the station was designed by architect A.K. Andreev. It was built into the Finlyandsky Rail Terminal building. The wall of the entrance hall is decorated with a panoramic mosaic that commemorates Lenin's speech before the workers and soldiers of Petrograd on April 3, 1917. It was created by artists A.I. Mylnikov and A.L. Korolyov.
In 1962, Andreev worked together with Yu.N. Kozlov and the engineer Ye.A. Erganov to design and complete second entrance from Botkinskoy street. Both entrances are served by three escalators.
Architecture and decoration.
Ploshchad Lenina is a deep underground pylon station at 67 m depth. The underground hall was designed by architect A.K. Andreev.
The station's theme commemorated Lenin's return from Finland to Petrograd in June, 1917. Like the Chernyshevskaya station, completed in the period when Soviet architects tried to move away from architectural excesses of Stalinist era. As the result, the station is plain, somewhat barebones and inexpressive. The station used the contrasting red and white tones as its color scheme. The platform hall is faced with marble. On the platform walls are decorative grilles with the inscription "1958," the year the station was opened. In 2006 the lighting of the station was redone, with mercury lamps replaced by sodium lamps. On one hand, the station gained a brighter look, but on the other hand the color palette was entirely changed.

</doc>
<doc id="9815821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815821" title="Miran Vodovnik">
Miran Vodovnik

Miran Vodovnik (born 11 September 1977) is a Slovenian shot putter. His personal best throw and Slovene record is 20.76 metres, achieved in June 2006 in Thessaloniki.
He finished eleventh at the 2004 Olympic Games, seventh at the 2007 European Indoor Championships and sixth at the 2007 World Championships. He also competed at the 2003 World Championships and 2005 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.

</doc>
<doc id="9815841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815841" title="Eric W. Mountjoy">
Eric W. Mountjoy

Eric Walter Mountjoy PhD, FRSC was an award-winning Canadian emeritus professor at McGill University. He was a foremost expert on sedimentology, Devonian reefs, carbonate diagenesis, porosity development and the structure of the Rocky Mountains. His research has provided useful applications to the petroleum industry.
Early life.
Mountjoy was raised near Calgary, Alberta in the 1930s and 1940s. Regular visits to the nearby mountains led him into a career of geological research. 
He obtained a B.A.Sc. from the University of British Columbia in 1955 and a Ph.D. from the University of Toronto in 1960.
Career.
From 1957 to 1963, Mountjoy worked for the Geological Survey of Canada, first as a Technical Officer, then as a Geologist. 
He left the survey to be an Assistant Professor at McGill University. In 1969, he was promoted to Associate Professor. In 1974, he was made a Full Professor. Between 1993 and 1998, Mountjoy was a Logan Professor. At the time of his death (2010) he was professor emeritus, Department of Earth and Planetary Sciences, McGill University.
Most of Mountjoy’s research has concentrated on Jasper Park's Miette area, and in particular on its exposed coral reefs from the Devonian period (395 million to 345 million years ago). 
Mountjoy with Queen's University professor, Raymond A. Price have mapped most of the Canadian Rockies between Banff and Jasper. This work produced cross-sections, which have become classic representations of the structure of a thrust-fold mountain belt and have been published in many textbooks.
He has also studied ancient and modern reef geology, carbonate petrology and diagenesis, carbonate reservoirs and stratigraphy. He has visited and applied his knowledge to the geology of Australia, China and Germany. 
He has directed the research of over 50 master's and doctoral students, many of whom have gone on to become professors. 
Mountjoy died June 18, 2010 in Montreal, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9815850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815850" title="Kong Ra District">
Kong Ra District

Kong Ra () is a district ("Amphoe") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Srinagarindra, Mueang Phatthalung, Khao Chaison and Tamot of Phatthalung Province, Palian and Yan Ta Khao of Trang Province.
History.
The minor district ("King Amphoe") was created on October 1, 1975, when the three "tambon" Kong Ra, Khlong Chaloem and Charat were split off from Mueang Phatthalung district. It was upgraded to a full district on July 13, 1981.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 45 villages ("muban"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas, and 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9815856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815856" title="Minnesota State Highway 261">
Minnesota State Highway 261

Minnesota State Highway 261 was a highway in McLeod County, Minnesota. It ran from Winsted to U.S. Highway 212 east of Glencoe. It was turned back to McLeod County maintenance in 1996, becoming County State-aid Highway 1.
Highway 261 was known as "6th Street" in Winsted, and "Babcock Avenue", "180th Street", and "Dairy Avenue" elsewhere in the county.
Route description.
Highway 261 served as a north–south route between the communities of Winsted, Winsted Township, Bergen Township, Lester Prairie, and Helen Township. The highway's southern terminus was at U.S. 212 just outside the city of Glencoe.
The entire route was located in McLeod County.
History.
Highway 261 was authorized on July 1, 1949. It was paved between Winsted and Lester Prairie in 1950 and between Lester Prairie and Highway 212 in 1953.
It was decommissioned in 1996, becoming County State-aid Highway 1.

</doc>
<doc id="9815863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815863" title="Maritime Museum (Stockholm)">
Maritime Museum (Stockholm)

The Maritime Museum () is a museum in Stockholm, Sweden. Located in the Gärdet section of the inner-city district Östermalm, the museum offers a panoramic view of the bay Djurgårdsbrunnsviken. The building was built to the design of the architect Ragnar Östberg between 1933 and 1936.
On the bottom floor there are, among other things, exhibits on naval history including several detailed models of 18th century ships. The second floor includes exhibits on Swedish commercial fleets. In the basement is a cabin from King Gustav III's ship "Amphion".
The gently curved building, inspired by the neoclassicist design of Olof Tempelman (1746–1816), acts as a background for the surrounding park where open-air concerts are held each year. It was the last major commission of Ragnar Östberg, who also designed the Stockholm City Hall, and was built on the location for the Stockholm International Exhibition (1930) ("Stockholmsutställningen 1930"). As the exhibition was an important Functionalism manifestation, the museum also mark the point of view of the architect in the debate the introduction of Functionalist style caused in Sweden. The central cupola is entirely built in brick.
Outside of the museum is a statue simply called "The Sailor" (Sjömannen), a memorial to the Swedish sailors who died during World War II.
The field outside of the museum has infrequently been used as a concert venue. Pearl Jam played there during their 2000 Binaural Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="9815893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815893" title="Defence Minister of Nigeria">
Defence Minister of Nigeria

The Minister of Defence of Nigeria is a senior cabinet official in the Nigerian Federal Executive Council in charge of the Nigerian Ministry of Defence. The Defence Minister's main responsibility is to manage all branches of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, to maintain a modern, competent, and professional military force for the protection of the national territory, maritime interests, airspace, and constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
Appointment.
The Minister of Defence is first appointed by the President of Nigeria; this appointment is then subject to ratification by the Senate under Section 147 (2) of the Nigerian Constitution.
References.
http://www.premiumtimesng.com/news/156601-nigeria-defence-minister-aliyu-gusau-has-not-resigned-presidency.html
Lawal Adewale Pending

</doc>
<doc id="9815922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815922" title="Bert Broer">
Bert Broer

Lambertus Johannes Folkert "Bert" Broer (January 17, 1916 – 1991) was a Dutch physicist and mathematician.

</doc>
<doc id="9815934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815934" title="La Merced District, Aija">
La Merced District, Aija

La Merced District is one of five districts in the Aija Province of the Ancash Region of Peru.
Location.
In the geographical frame of "slopes", between the 77°43 ´ 57 " South Latitude and 77°35 ´ 51 " Longitude west, finds the District of the Merced, Province of Aija. With an average altitude of 3,272 m.s.n.m., his ground is the characteristic one of the saw cisandina of Ancash, opposite to the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="9815938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815938" title="The Gilded Lily (1935 film)">
The Gilded Lily (1935 film)

The Gilded Lily is a 1935 American romantic comedy film directed by Wesley Ruggles and starring Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, Ray Milland, and C. Aubrey Smith. Written by Claude Binyon, the film is about a stenographer who becomes a famous café entertainer courted by an English aristocrat and an American newspaper reporter. Released on January 25, 1935 by Paramount Pictures in the United States, the film was named one of the top ten English language films of 1935 by the National Board of Review. "The Gilded Lily" was the first of seven films starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray.
Plot.
Stenographer Marilyn David (Claudette Colbert) and newspaper reporter Peter Dawes (Fred MacMurray) meet every Thursday on a bench outside the New York Public Library to eat popcorn and watch the world go by. One day, Peter confesses his love to her, but she tells him she only considers him a friend—that someday she will find love when she meets the right man. Afterwards on the subway, Marilyn meets a wealthy English aristocrat, Lord Charles Gray Granton (Ray Milland), who is visiting New York incognito as a commoner. After she helps him escape a confrontation with a subway guard, he walks her home and the two flirt with each other. He does not tell her that his father is the Duke of Loamshire, nor does he mention that he is presently engaged to an Englishwoman. In the coming days they go on dates to Cony Island and have dinner together, and soon they fall in love.
At their next Thursday meeting, Marilyn reveals to Peter that she has fallen in love someone. Disappointed, he tells her that things can never be the same between them, but assures her that she can always depend on his friendship. When Charles' father, Lloyd Granton (C. Aubrey Smith), learns that his son intends to propose to an American girl, he insists that they first return to England to break off his current engagement properly. Charles visits Marilyn before he leaves and—still not revealing his identity—tells her that he found a job and will be out of town on business for a few weeks.
The next day, Peter learns from his editor that the Duke of Loamshire and his son have been in New York for six weeks without the press being aware of it, and are preparing to sail back for England. While working on his usual shipping news column at the docks, Peter spots Duke Granton and his son Charles boarding a ship. After a brief interview, the duke gives Peter $100 to keep their names out of the newspapers. Annoyed at the duke's arrogance, Peter publishes his column the following day, complete with a photo of the Grantons.
When Marilyn sees that her "Charles" is in fact Lord Granton returning to England to marry his English fiancé—at least according to Peter's story—she rushes to her friend heartbroken and reveals that Charles is the man she's been dating. Believing that Charles was simply using her, Peter writes a fictitious article about Marilyn, whom he calls the "No" Girl, turning down Lord Granton's marriage proposal and deciding to hold out for true love instead. The story causes an immediate scandal and generates sympathy for Marilyn who becomes an overnight celebrity. Meanwhile on the ship, the Grantons are informed of the scandal and that Charles' fiancé has broken her engagement. Convinced that Marilyn is attempting to blackmail him, Charles sends her a telegram asking how much money she wants in return for her silence.
That night while comforting Marilyn over drinks at the Gingham Café, Peter decides to capitalize on the publicity and her newfound celebrity. He works out a deal with the owner who gives Marilyn a job as a singer and dancer at the café—even though she cannot sing or dance. After a few singing and dancing lessons and a massive promotional campaign, Marilyn opens to a packed house. Despite her lack of talent, her self-effacing manner wins laughs from the audience who are completely won over by her innocence and charm. Through Peter's clever management and publicity stunts, the "No" Girl becomes a household name and a nightclub star, with her image appearing on billboards, posters, and front page newspaper articles across the country.
Despite her fame and popularity, Marilyn is unable to forget her feelings for Charles. Believing that if she sees him again she'll get over him, Marilyn travels to London to perform her nightclub act. During one performance, she sees Charles in the audience; after sharing a romantic dance together, they agree to renew their relationship. A brokenhearted Peter graciously bows out of her life and returns to America so she can be happy. Later he sends her a box of popcorn as a reminder of their friendship. Meanwhile, life with Charles is not as perfect as she had envisioned. He seems more interested in her celebrity than in their love. When Charles invites her to go away with him to the country for a week—implying she is someone with loose morals—she assembles the press and announces that she's "going home to sit on a bench and eat popcorn". 
Back in New York on a snowy Thursday night, Marilyn rushes through crowds of her admirers and makes her way to the library bench. Peter soon arrives with his popcorn, takes Marilyn in his arms, and kisses her passionately.
Production.
Casting.
"The Gilded Lily" was the first of seven films in which Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray starred between 1935 and 1948.
Filming.
"The Gilded Lily" was filmed from October 8 to December 4, 1934 at Paramount Studios and at Iverson Ranch in Chatsworth, Los Angeles, California.
Accolades.
"The Gilded Lily" was ranked the fifth best English language film by the National Board of Review in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="9815952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815952" title="2001 Arena Football League season">
2001 Arena Football League season

The 2001 Arena Football League season was the 15th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Grand Rapids Rampage, who defeated the Nashville Kats in ArenaBowl XV.

</doc>
<doc id="9815954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815954" title="Hadramautic language">
Hadramautic language

Ḥaḑramautic or Ḥaḑramitic was one of the four known languages of the Old South Arabian subgroup, of Semitic. It was used in Wādī Ḥaḑramawt, and also the area round the Ḥaḑramite capital Shabwah, in what is modern Yemen. The Ḥaḑramites also controlled the trade in frankincense through their important trading post of Sumhuram (Ḥaḑramite: S1mhrm) (now Khor Rorī) in the Dhofar area of what is now Oman.
Script and Phonology.
Almost the entire body of evidence for the ancient Ḥaḑramautic language comes from inscriptions written in the monumental Old South Arabian script, consisting of 29 letters, and deriving from the Phoenician alphabet. The sounds of the language were essentially the same as those of Sabaean (see Sabaean language).
Noteworthy characteristics of Ḥaḑramautic include its tendency, especially in inscriptions actually from Wādī Ḥaḑramawt itself, to represent Old South Arabian "ṯ" as "s3": thus we find s2ls3 ("three"; cf. Sabaean "s2lṯ".) There are also instances where "ṯ" is written for an older form "s3"; e.g. Ḥaḑramautic "mṯnad" ("inscription"), which is "msnd" in the rest of Old South Arabian.
History of the Language.
Potsherds with Old South Arabian letters on them,found in Raybūn, the old Ḥaḑramite capital, have been radiocarbon dated to the 12th century BC. The language was certainly in use from 800 BC but in the 4th century CE the Ḥaḑramite Kingdom was conquered by the Ḥimyarites, who used Sabaean as an official language, and there are no more records in Ḥaḑramautic.
During the course of the language’s history there appeared particular phonetic changes, such as the change from ˤ to ˀ, from ẓ to ṣ, from ṯ to "s3". As in other Semitic languages "n" can be assimilated to a following consonant, compare "ʾnfs1" "souls" > "ʾfs1"
In Ḥaḑramautic the third person pronouns begin with "s1". It has feminine forms ending in "ṯ" and "s3".

</doc>
<doc id="9815961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815961" title="Jaimala (actress)">
Jaimala (actress)

Jayamala, (Kannada ಜಯಮಾಲಾ), is a Kannada (Indian) film actress. Her famous films are "Giri Kanye, Shankar Guru, Aaj Ka Ye Ghar, Sampoorna Teerth Yatra, Balak, Spy in Rome, Love and Murder" and "Harishchandra Taramati". She has also produced the film "Aaj Ka Ye Ghar".
Personal life.
Jaimala was born on February 28, 1959, in Dakshina Kannada district. Her father G Omaiah is an agriculturist and mother Kamalamma, a homemaker. She has six sisters and a brother. They moved to Chikmagalur in 1963 after being displaced due to the harbour work in Panambur. She was earlier married to Kannada Film actor Tiger Prabhakar. She is presently married to cinematographer H M Ramachandra.
She has a daughter, Soundarya Jaimala, an aspiring actress.
Film career.
Jayamala is a multifaceted personality in the Kannada film industry having been a leading lady in the eighties and later turned producer making many award-winning artistic films.
Jayamala has acted in several movies in Kannada, Tulu, Tamil, Telugu and Hindi. She has acted with several big Kannada stars like Vishnuvardhan, Ambareesh, Rajkumar, Shankar Nag and Prabhakar. She had several hits like Shankar Guru, "Giri Kanye", etc.
Her first production venture Thaayi Saaheba was directed by Girish Kasaravalli and it won a National award. Jayamala received a special jury award for her brilliant performance in the film. She has also produced a children's film Thuttoori which won both National and State Government awards.
As a treasurer in the Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce, the actress has taken active interest in many activities of the Kannada film producers association. In 2008 Jayamala became the first woman president of Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce (KFCC). 
Jayamala created history of sorts when she became the only actress in the Indian film industry to be conferred a doctorate for writing a thesis, She wrote a thesis on the rehabilitation of rural woman in Karnataka. The thesis required her to tour many places in Karnataka and also scrutinise many documents. The doctorate was conferred by the Bangalore University on 18 January 2008 and presented by former President Dr A P J Abdul Kalam.
Controversy.
She was the centre of the cyclone when she claimed that she touched the Lord Ayyappa idol in Sabarimala. Women from the age 10-50 are banned from entering sabarimala. It created a furor in India and led to ideological warfare in Indian media and courts.
The crux of the controversy lies in her claim that she had touched and prayed for her late husband's health at the famous Indian hill shrine of Lord Ayyappa at Sabarimala in Kerala state in April 1987. Women who are fertile are barred from the temple because of the legend that Lord Ayyappa, to whom the temple is dedicated, was a celibate and confirmed.
A minister in the Communist state government has also taken a serious view of the actress's statement. "She is liable for prosecution if what she said is true," said G Sudhakaran. Jayamala has said she regretted her action, but clarified that she was pushed into the shrine by a crowd of devotees.
"I fell flat on the floor, touching the feet of the Lord. It was a moment of ecstasy. I didn't know then that I wasn't supposed to touch the idol," she told reporters. "When I got up, a priest standing nearby gave presented me a rose. As I came out, devotees touched me in veneration because I had felt the Lord."
The Supreme Priest of Sabarimala Kantararu Maheshwararu had dismissed the actress's statement as a figment of her imagination. "How could Jayamala, then 27 years old, slip through several rungs of security and reach the innermost precincts of the Lord where women between puberty and menopause are strictly barred from entering?," he said.
The controversy is not going to die down since Hindu activists have demanded a proper atonement by those defiled the temple, especially by Jayamala. And the case whether women should be allowed in Sabarimala is considered by Supreme Court. Some four to five crore devotees worship at the temple every year. The shrine earns revenues worth ten thousand crores of rupees from pilgrims from all over the country.
The Kerala High Court dismissed the controversial Sabrimala "astrological finding" case against a noted astrologer, his assistant and the actress Jaimala on 13 July 2012 as the charges were not legally tenable.

</doc>
<doc id="9815968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815968" title="Kris Peeters">
Kris Peeters

Kris Peeters (born 18 May 1962) is a Flemish politician and member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party who is currently Minister-President of Flanders, the northern region of Belgium.
Career.
After attending secondary school in Boom, Peeters studied law in Antwerp and obtained a law degree in 1986.
Peeters served from 1991 to 1994 as Director of the NCMV research department. In 1994 he became Secretary-General of NCMV and when NCMV was reformed into the SME interest group UNIZO in 1999, he became its first managing director. In 2004, although not having been a candidate for public office at the 2004 regional elections, Peeters was asked to become a member of the Flemish Government. He resigned his position with UNIZO and became Flemish Minister for Public Works, Energy, the Environment and Nature.
During the 2006 municipal elections, Peeters ran for public office the first time in his career and was elected a member of the city council of his home town Puurs. In the 2007 Belgian federal elections, Peeters was elected to the Belgian Chamber of Representatives but chose not to take his seat, instead he succeeded Yves Leterme as Minister-President of Flanders, as Leterme headed the CD&V coalition talks for a new Belgian government. Peeters also gave up his former competences to Hilde Crevits and took on the responsibilities for Institutional Affairs, Agriculture and Sea Fisheries, formerly belonging to Leterme, while keeping his own competence regarding Ports. He has been serving a second term as head of the Flemish government since the regional elections of 7 June 2009, with the additional competences of Institutional Affairs, Economy, Agriculture and Sea Fisheries.
Besides Bart De Wever, Peeters is one of the two most popular political figures in Flanders in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="9815974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815974" title="ČEZ Group">
ČEZ Group

ČEZ Group ( České Energetické Závody) is a conglomerate of 96 companies (including the parent company ČEZ, a.s.), 72 of them in the Czech Republic. It is involved in the electricity generation, trade, distribution and heat, as well as coal mining. CEZ Group operates also in Albania, Bulgaria, Germany, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Turkey. ČEZ, a.s. is listed on Prague Stock Exchange, and Warsaw Stock Exchange.
ČEZ is the largest utility and biggest public company in Central and Eastern Europe. Its political activities have recently come under scrutiny. According to the Economist, "though nominally state-run, many see the power flowing the other way: from CEZ’s board into politics". Capital Group Companies invested 2.98% into ČEZ Group.
As of late 2010 the EU is investigating the company's activities.
Comments made by third parties under the market test have shown no need to materially change the commitments proposed by ČEZ to the European Commission in June 2012. Under the Settlement Agreement, ČEZ undertakes to sell one of five specific power plants with an installed capacity of at least 800 MW.
In January 2013 Albania removed CEZ license to operate in Albania. In February 2013 Bulgarians began to mass protests against the company, suggesting the government to follow the case of Albania.
Power stations.
ČEZ Group is an operator of various energy sources. Most important are listed (in the Czech Republic, if not indicated):
Electricity capacity and production.
Source:Helgi Library 
Source:Helgi Library 
Stock.
In 1994 minor stake in company was privatized using voucher privatization. If citizen invested all his vouchers (sold for 1000,- Kčs) in ČEZ, he gained 33 stocks (330 current shares after stock split). In 2007 Czech government decided to sell gradually another 7% stake on stock market, but due price fall of stocks in spring 2009 affected by financial crisis selling was suspended. In 2008 company decided to make share repurchase of 9% stake.
As of December 31, 2011, the Czech Republic remained the company’s largest shareholder with 70.29% stake in the stated capital.
Stocks are traded on Prague, Czech Stock Exchange – RM-SYSTÉM, Warsaw and Frankfurt stock exchanges. As of December 12, 2011 asset managers held 13.09% (of them as of December 31, 2011, Československá obchodní banka, a. s., held 4.17% and Citibank Europe 4.8%, other legal entities 12.28% and private individuals 4.34% stake). Since 2001 company is paying annual dividends.
Electric vehicles.
The building of a network of public charging stations for electric vehicles got fully underway in 2011. The first public charging station – in front of ČEZ’s headquarters in Prague’s Duhová Street – opened on November 30, 2011. As of December 2011, seven CEZ Group public charging stations were in operation, in Prague and Chrášťany, Prague-West district.
ČEZ's given charities electric cars to use and test. Between 50 and 100 electric cars being made available over the coming years. The first two vehicles – a Fiat Fiorino Combi and a Fiat Fiorino Cargo – went to a senior citizen health care charity based in Prague.
Influence on politics.
ČEZ is the largest utility and biggest public company in Central and Eastern Europe. Its influence on the Czech politics and connections to Russia have recently come under scrutiny. According to the Economist, "though nominally state-run, many see the power flowing the other way: from ČEZ’s board into politics".
The management of ČEZ has financed the country’s largest political parties – the Civic Democratic Party (ODS) and the Social Democrats (CSSD). One analysis points out that the financing has resembled that coming from PPF and J&T, two firms which have been highly active in Russia since the early 1990s and their senior management is known to have links to the former Czechoslovak StB security service and the Soviet KGB.
A Czech court recently ruled that, as a state-owned company, CEZ must disclose political activities.
Leaked pictures show politicians across political spectrum, including a former Prime Minister, holidaying with ČEZ lobbyists in Italy.
As of late 2010 the European Union is investigating ČEZ. The company's offices were raided in November 2010.
ČEZ selected a mysterious company called CEEI to construct a billion dollar nuclear storage facility for the Czech Republic. The company's paper trace ends in U.B.I.E, a company registered in Liechtenstein. Russia's honorary consul is named as its director. The company is believed to be under Russian control.
CEEI's directors include Václav Klaus's former chief of staff (Jiří Kovář) and a man who is jail for kidnapping.

</doc>
<doc id="9815990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9815990" title="Gabriel Renville">
Gabriel Renville

Gabriel Renville (April 1825 – August 26, 1892) was Chief of the Sisseton-Wahpeton Sioux Tribe from 1866 until his death in 1892. As part of a large fur-trader family of French and Sioux origins, he was an unlikely candidate as Chief of the Sisseton-Wahpeton. However, with the coming of the Dakota War of 1862, his fortunes changed. Thanks to his family's connections, he obtained in 1863 the post of Chief of Scouts in the service of Minnesota state militia Colonel Henry Hastings Sibley--later first governor of the state of Minnesota. His service to the U.S. Army ended in 1865. For his loyalty he was appointed by Sibley as Chief of the Sisseton-Wahpeton in 1866. His people seconded Sibley's appointment a year later by declaring Renville chief-for-life. His tenure as chief saw the creation and dissolution of the Lake Traverse Reservation and the transition of his people into the modern world. He is buried atop a bluff near Old Agency, South Dakota.
Gabriel Renville was born in April 1825 to Winona Crawford (1805-1897) and Victor Renville (died 1833).

</doc>
<doc id="9816066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816066" title="The Gilded Lily">
The Gilded Lily

The Gilded Lily may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9816082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816082" title="Joe Laws">
Joe Laws

Joe Laws (June 16, 1911 - August 1979) was an American football player. He played his entire career with the Green Bay Packers, winning three World Championships, and was inducted into the Green Bay Packers Hall of Fame in 1972. Prior to joining the Packers, Laws attended the University of Iowa where he was a member of the Sigma Pi. On December 17, 1944 Joe Laws set an NFL postseason record (since broken), by intercepting 3 passes in the Packers' 14-7 victory over the Giants in the league title game.

</doc>
<doc id="9816108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816108" title="Nakatsu Station (Hankyu)">
Nakatsu Station (Hankyu)

In past, there was a car stop on the Hanshin Railway Kita-Osaka Line in the west side of this station on the Hankyu Railway lines.
Layout.
The station consists of four tracks and two island platforms, each serving one line. Trains of the Kyoto Line run alongside the Kobe Line and the Takarazuka Line, but do not stop at Nakatsu. Officially the tracks for Kyoto Line are treated as express tracks for Takarazuka Line.

</doc>
<doc id="9816119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816119" title="Succha District">
Succha District

Succha District is one of five districts in the Aija Province, of the Ancash Region in Peru.
Capital.
The capital of the district is Villa de Succha.

</doc>
<doc id="9816120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816120" title="Kevin Flynn (hurler)">
Kevin Flynn (hurler)

Kevin Flynn (born 1976) is a former inter-county hurler for Dublin and current O'Tooles player. He captained Dublin to their Walsh Cup win over Kilkenny in 2003 and also won two division two National Hurling Leagues, the most recent one in 2006. He has also played Railway Cup for Leinster.
Flynn made his league debut in October 1995 with a win over Limerick in Croke Park. He went on to make his championship debut the following summer when Dublin were defeated by Wexford by five points in the Leinster semi-final.
In 2002 he finished in 8th position in the overall Hurling Top Scorers list. Kevin Flynn was well-known, along with others for always giving generously of his time to autograph hunters and fans after games. 
In 2011 he emigrated to Chicago and led Harry Bolands to titles in 2012 & 2013 acting as player/manager.

</doc>
<doc id="9816128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816128" title="Friends of the Orphans">
Friends of the Orphans

Friends of the Orphans founded in the United States in 1965, is a registered 501(c)3 non-profit corporation, Federal Tax ID# 65-1229309, dedicated to improving the lives of orphaned, abandoned and disadvantaged children through our support of the Nuestros Pequeños Hermanos/Nos Petits Freres et
Soeurs (NPH/NPFS, Spanish and French for “Our Little Brothers and Sisters”) network of orphanages in Latin America and the Caribbean. Founded by Father William B. Wasson in 1954, NPH has provided loving and stable homes to nearly 16,000 children. NPH currently cares for over 3,700 children in nine countries: Bolivia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua and Peru. In 2010, NPH outreach programs assisted more than one million children and adults in Haiti alone. Friends of the Orphans helps provide NPH children with food, clothing, shelter, health care, an education, and the opportunity to break the cycle of poverty, which was once their destiny.
History.
In 1954, a hungry, homeless boy was arrested for stealing from the poor box of a small church in Cuernavaca, Mexico. The church’s priest, Father William Wasson of Phoenix, Arizona, refused to press charges and asked for custody of the boy. Within a few days, eight more boys found a home with Father Wasson. He gave them a safe home and a chance to turn their lives around. By year’s end, 32 boys were in his care and Nuestros Pequeños Hermanos was born.
Father Wasson’s devotion to the care of orphans inspired an outpouring of financial support and volunteer helpers for his humanitarian cause. Friends of the Orphans traces its roots to Father Wasson’s family and friends in Arizona, who showed their generosity and kindness by sending clothes, food and money. In 1965, Friends of Our Little Brothers was incorporated in Arizona as a nonprofit organization. Affiliated but separate nonprofit support groups called Friends of the Orphans were created in Minnesota (1986), Washington (1988) and Illinois (1999). An organization in Virginia, called Our Little Brothers and Sisters (OLB&S), helped start successful fundraising offices in Europe as well as Canada. On July 1, 2005, the offices in Arizona, Illinois, Minnesota, and Washington became regional offices of the national organization – Friends of the Orphans. In addition, new regional offices were formed in Florida, and Virginia. The new offices were made possible by the fundraising support of OLB&S.
Philosophy.
Children at NPH homes – called "pequeños" – are not available for adoption; instead they form a part of a larger, stable family environment at the homes that gives them a chance to focus on education and personal growth, knowing that a loving support system will always be in place for them. They are taught the values of work, sharing and responsibility in a Christian environment. Each has the opportunity to finish a technical course or seek a university degree. All children are asked to give back a year or more of service to NPH. Through this act of gratitude, each graduate shares the responsibility of raising the family. "Pequeños" grow and learn in their culture and language with the goal of becoming contributing, self-sufficient and caring citizens in their own countries.
Former "pequeños" are educators, doctors, accountants, carpenters, farmers, mechanics, artists, administrators and social workers. Some work for NPH. Having learned the NPH philosophies of sharing and giving back, others support Friends of the Orphans and NPH by sponsoring children, organizing fundraisers, or attending special events and serving as ambassadors for the organization.
All of the NPH homes strive to be self-sufficient and most operate their own schools, clinics, gardens and farms. For example, at NPH Honduras, all of the fixtures and furniture, as well as most of the clothes and shoes used by the children, are made by "pequeños" in vocational workshops, while NPH Mexico produces enough livestock, fish, fruits and vegetables to satisfy most of the children’s needs. What the homes are unable to provide internally is donated by caring friends worldwide.
2010 Haiti earthquake relief.
As a result of the 7.0 earthquake on January 12, 2010, Friends of the Orphans and NPH/NPFS suffered the tragic loss of staff, volunteers and family members, and extensive damage to its facilities. Despite
these losses, thousands of victims received aid immediately and continue to be helped through various programs, including: 
St. Hélène Orphanage for Children is a permanent home to 400 children. Over 200 external students from the community attend the on-site school. Children displaced by the earthquake are being integrated into the home.
St. Don Bosco supports roughly 250 children and youths from St. Hélène who now live with extended family or in group homes and attend secondary school, including professional or vocational school. The future site of the Don Bosco school and student dorms is located in Tabarre, near the hospital.
St. Damien Hospital served as a hub for trauma care for earthquake-related injuries, and even maternity care. It also became one of the premier orthopedic medical centers within Haiti. Teams of doctors, nurses, and other medical professionals from all over the world arrived to help care for the wounded. Within the first three weeks, the hospital attended to over 10,000 adults and children. Teams also immediately began distributing emergency aid of food and water to the numerous tent cities.
St. Anne is a rented temporary home for up to 40 children age 6 and under. It was established in response to the thousands of children left homeless by the earthquake.
St. Louis is a temporary child protection camp for over 120 vulnerable and displaced children. The camp is constructed out of shipping containers and is located in Tabarre. Capacity of the camp will be 350.
Father Wasson Angels of Light, an emergency response program for children living in tent cities, is a day camp that provides educational activities and meals for 2,500 children. Youths who grew up at NPH/NPFS help coordinate the various programs. In October, the program hopes to open its first primary school for 700 students and offer about 60 jobs.
St. Germaine Rehabilitation Center provides physical therapy, a special needs school and a meal program. A prosthetics lab and physical therapy program for amputees began shortly after the earthquake.
The St. Luke Foundation, an affiliate of NPH/NPFS, developed and manages numerous outreach programs in the poorest areas surrounding Port-au-Prince. The newest program is an adult hospital that was opened right after the earthquake. Additional programs include schools, clinics, food and water distribution, and dignified burials.
St. Francisville produces a variety of goods, including cement block, cobblestones, bread and pasta. There are also workshops for automotive mechanics, sewing, and printing and digital production. The goods and services are used by NPFS and St. Luke, as well as external organizations. During the earthquake, bread production was accelerated to 5,000 rolls daily and the buildings were used as a warehouse distribution center.
Organizational structure.
President and Chief Executive Officer: Frank Donaghue
Chief Operating Office: Todd Schultz
National Board Chair: Brian Blue
Friends of the Orphans is governed by a volunteer Board of Directors. In addition, each of the six regional offices has its own volunteer Board of Directors. Board members have diverse professional backgrounds and expertise, but each actively works to raise funds for and awareness of Friends of the Orphans.
The national office is located in Chicago.
Regional Offices:
Relationship with NPH.
There is close collaboration and cooperation between Friends of the Orphans and NPH. Friends of the Orphans is a fundraising organization whose primary function is to provide financial support to raise, nurture and educate children living at NPH homes. In the process, Friends of the Orphans staff meet on a regular basis with NPH leadership to review programs, approve budgets, plan tours to homes, arrange fundraising events, and support other NPH activities. Friends of the Orphans representatives visit the homes in order to experience NPH programs first-hand. "Pequeños" also make annual visits to the United States to perform at Friends of the Orphans-sponsored events where they bring the message of hope to a wider audience.
Funding.
According to Friends of the Orphans’ 2009 audited financial statements, 19% of their revenue came from general donations, 55% from in-kind donations, 8% from NPH designated donations, 1% from investment income and miscellaneous, and 2% from bequests. 
In 2009, 14% of Friends of the Orphans’ revenue came from their child sponsorship program. Individuals, families, churches, schools and other groups sponsor individual children living at an NPH home. Sponsors contribute $30 per month or more to support the basic needs of all the children in NPH’s care and develop a relationship with their sponsored child through correspondence. They also have the opportunity to visit the child at the NPH home to get personally acquainted with him or her. This kind of personal contact is mutually beneficial and is unique to Friends of the Orphans. As of February 2011, there were over 5,600 sponsors in the United States, carrying more than 6,600 sponsorships.
The remaining 1% of Friends of the Orphans’ revenue for 2009 came from donations by sponsors to the sharing fund. NPH uses monies from the sharing fund to buy each child a personal gift for their birthday and Christmas, as well as for special excursions, such as trips to the zoo or water park, and to buy treats for all the children.
According to Friends of the Orphans’ 2009 Annual Donor Report, 87% of its funding was spent on programs, 4% on management and general expenses, and 9% on fundraising. 
In 2009, Friends provided over $4.4 million in support of NPH’s budget, an additional $1.5 million for projects approved by our Board and another $9.9 million to NPH Homes in in-kind donations such as medicines and clothing.
Accountability standards.
A report issued by the Better Business Bureau (BBB) Wise Giving Alliance in February 2010 found that Friends of the Orphans met all BBB standards for charity accountability, including how they govern their organization, the ways they spend their money, the truthfulness of their representations, and their willingness to disclose basic information to the public.
Audited financial statements are available upon request and IRS Form 990s are posted on the Friends of the Orphans Web site ([http://www.friendsoftheorphans.org]).

</doc>
<doc id="9816148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816148" title="National Hot Rod Reunion">
National Hot Rod Reunion

The National Hot Rod Reunion is a gathering of nostalgia drag racers, street rodders and automotive enthusiasts based on the California Hot Rod Reunion. The first four years of the National Hot Rod Reunion were held in Bowling Green, Kentucky. The fifth National Hot Rod Reunion is set for Columbus, Ohio on June 15–17, 2007.
Organization.
The event is organized by and benefits the Wally Parks NHRA Motorsports Museum, a non-profit organization affiliated with the National Hot Rod Association. It includes nostalgia drag race events, a parade of street rods, vendors and a swap meet. It is held on the grounds of National Trail Raceway.
Upcoming Events.
The Nostalgia Hot Rod Association has secured the FCC Registration for DragFest 2009 - 2020 which is to be held the First Week-end of May at the AutoClub Famoso Raceway near Bakersfield, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9816171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816171" title="Huacllan District">
Huacllan District

Huacllan District is one of 5 districts in the Aija Province, of the Ancash Region in Peru.
History.
Simultaneously with the creation of the Province of Aija, by Law N°8188, Huacllan was elevated to the category of District. The degree of obtained advance and the progressive eagerness of its population, justified this promotion. Previously it had been an annex of the Succha District.
Capital.
The district's capital is the town of Huacllán, located on the slopes of the Condorkaka at an elevation of 3.083 m. Its more important locality is San Isidro.

</doc>
<doc id="9816196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816196" title="Khao Chaison District">
Khao Chaison District

Khao Chaison () is a district ("Amphoe") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Bang Kaeo, Tamot, Kong Ra and Mueang Phatthalung of Phatthalung Province, Krasae Sin of Songkhla Province.
The east of the district is located at the shore of the Thale Luang lake.
History.
The district was goes back to the minor district ("King Amphoe") Lampam (ลำปำ), created in 1923 as a subordinate of Mueang Phatthalung district. It consisted of the two subdistricts Lampam and Han Po. On November 1, 1939 the subdistricts Lampam, Phaya Khan and Khuan Maphrao were reassigned to Mueang district, while the subdistrict Khao Chaison and Khuan Khanun from Mueang district as well as Tha Duea and Chong Thanon from Pak Phayun were added to the minor district. The district office was then moved into Khao Chaison subdistrict. In 1940 the minor district was then renamed to Khao Chaison to match the central "tambon". It was upgraded to a full district on January 1, 1953.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 56 villages ("muban"). Khao Chaison is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of "tambon" Khao Chaison. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing numbers are "tambon" which now form Bang Kaeo district.

</doc>
<doc id="9816198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816198" title="Bill Forester">
Bill Forester

George William Forester (August 9, 1932 – April 27, 2007) was a professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He played eleven seasons for the Green Bay Packers (1953–1963) and was selected to four Pro Bowls. He was selected to the Packers Hall of Fame in 1974.
Forester graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School (Dallas, Texas) in 1949.  Forester was an All City, All State, and All Southern fullback/linebacker for the Wildcats.  He also played in the 1949 Texas High School Coaches Association All-Star Game.  He lettered at SMU from 1949-1952 and was named All-SWC linebacker in 1951 and 1952.  Forester was selected to play in the 1953 East/West Shrine Game and the College All-Star Game in Chicago, and was later drafted by the Green Bay Packers.  He was a linebacker for the Green Bay Packers from 1953-1963 and was a member of World Championship teams in 1961 & 1962.  Forester made All-Pro five times (1959-1963) and played in four Pro Bowls (1959-1962).  He was a defensive captiain for seven seasons and was inducted into the Green Bay Packer Hall of Fame in 1973.   Forester was inducted into the Woodrow Wilson HS Hall of Fame in 1999, and later into the Texas High School Football Hall of Fame in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="9816203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816203" title="Stephen Hiney">
Stephen Hiney

Stephen Hiney (born 27 October 1983) is a hurler for Dublin and Ballyboden St. Enda's. Stephen is the current (2008) captain of the Dublin Senior Hurling team. Hiney won his first Dublin Senior Hurling Championship medal with his club Ballyboden St Endas in October 2007 his second in 2008, his third (with a sore leg) in 2009 and his fourth in 2010.The 2007 Dublin championship win qualified Ballyboden to play in their first ever Leinster Senior Club Hurling Championship game against Oulart-The Ballagh of Wexford. Boden won the game by 1-17 to 0-15. Ballyboden lost in the 2007 Leinster Final against Birr of Offaly.
He won a Senior Football Championship medal with Ballyboden in 2009 together with Hurling Championship and League medals. He is captain of the Dublin Senior Hurling Team and travelled to Argentina with the GAA All-Stars in December 2009. 
Stephen was back to his powerful self in 2010 having missed a lot of games in 2009 with a sore leg. In a League game for Dublin against Wexford in March 2011, he damaged his cruciate and missed the remainder of the season for both County and Club.
After a successful operation and recovery, Hiney made his comeback in a club league game with Ballyboden St Endas on 19 April 2012.
References.
he also played dublin underage football

</doc>
<doc id="9816206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816206" title="Akira Nishimura">
Akira Nishimura

Nishimura studied composition and musical theory on a graduate course at Tokyo National University of Fine Arts and Music. He also studied Asiatic traditional music, religion, aesthetics, cosmology and the heterophonic concepts, all of which had a lasting influence on his music.
He won several national and international awards including the 36th Suntory Music Award (2004) and has been commissioned by many overseas music festivals.
Nishimura was the judge at the 2007 Toru Takemitsu composition award.

</doc>
<doc id="9816207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816207" title="Macanudo (cigar)">
Macanudo (cigar)

Macanudo is the name of a cigar brand produced by the General Cigar Company in the Dominican Republic. It is noted for its mild flavor and light Connecticut shade wrapper, but is also available in a darker maduro wrapper.
History.
Macanudo was originally the name of a frontmark produced in Jamaica by the makers of the Cuban brand of Punch. In 1971, General Cigar, which had acquired rights to the name outside of Cuba, introduced a completely distinct Macanudo as a brand unto itself. Developed in Jamaica under the leadership of Ramón Cifuentes, a veteran of Cuban cigar maker Partagas. Production of the Macanudo line under General Cigar shifted from Jamaica to the Dominican Republic in October 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9816210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816210" title="Aija District">
Aija District

Aija District is one of 5 districts in Aija Province, Ancash Region, Peru.
Geography.
The District of Aija is located on the western slopes of the Cordillera Negra. It borders on Recuay Province to the south and east, on Coris District, Huacllan District and Succha District to the west, and on La Merced District to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="9816215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816215" title="KLQB">
KLQB

KLQB (104.3 La Que Buena) is a regional Mexican radio station serving the Austin, Texas, area. The Univision Radio outlet broadcasts at 104.3 MHz with an ERP of 48,000 watts and is licensed to Taylor, Texas. Its transmitter is located in Coupland, Texas, and the station has studios along MoPac Expressway in Northwest Austin.
History.
As "The Beat 104.3" (1st phase, KQBT).
KLQB was launched as KQBT on 104.3 FM (licensed to Taylor, Texas) in 1998 after the frequency would be moved southward to the Austin area after previously serving the Temple-Killeen market as KKIK. Soon enough, KQBT, with the branding " Beat 104.3", began targeting Austin in 1998 as a Rhythmic Contemporary Hits station, playing Hip Hop, R&B, some Pop, and some Dance. At the time, the station complemented the then co-owned Urban AC station KJCE "K-Juice 1370" (now a talk radio station). This would eventually propel KQBT as one of Austin's Top 5 radio stations (sometimes #1) according to Arbitron ratings. By 2001, the station dropped Dance music and eventually Pop music from the playlist and has gone straight Hip Hop and R&B. KQBT was in initial competition with Top 40 rival KHFI (of which it first challenged) and Rhythmic Oldies-turned-AC rival KFMK-FM (launched a year after KQBT); it gained direct competition from KDHT (now KGSR) in 2003.
As KOYT "104.3 The Coyote".
But in 2004, Howard Stern was expected back on the radio due in several markets due to Clear Channel firing him for indecency. And KQBT, along with five other replacement radio stations owned by what was then called Infinity Broadcasting (which owned Stern's show through syndication), was selected to carry the morning drive. As a result, there would be uncertainty that the Hip Hop/R&B format would even survive with Howard Stern on the air, so the frequency flipped to talk radio, changed calls to KOYT and called itself "104.3 The Coyote." The FM Talk format did not do well at all; because of this, the ratings tanked. 
As "Beat 104.3" (2nd phase, KXBT).
With the failure of KOYT, the frequency returned to a Rhythmic Contemporary Hits format five months later under the former branding "Beat 104.3" but with new call letters KXBT because KQBT was already assigned to a radio station in Llano, Texas, and later, a radio station in Houston, Texas now. Even though it is a Rhythmic, this time KXBT skewed slightly towards an unofficial Mainstream Urban format, unusual for the market's demographics given the fact less than 10% of the Austin radio market's population is African American. To accommodate the return, the station held a campaign in early 2005 to ""Make The Big Switch Back to the Beat,"" with the slogan at the time being "The People's Station" before finally settling on the current one, "The Beat of the ATX." It became home for a short time to the controversial Star and Buc Wild Morning Show from December 2005 to May 2006. Soon after the return to the format, KXBT has reintroduced Freestyle Dance music and added more Reggaeton music to the charts.
As KLQB "La Que Buena".
In 2006, CBS Radio divested its assets and sold the Austin radio cluster (also includes KAMX, KKMJ and KJCE) to Entercom. On February 21, 2007, Entercom announced that the 104.3 frequency and KXBT calls would be sold to Univision and change to a Spanish format on February 26. The staff was already told of this stunning news before it was made public in the trades and was expecting to leave prior to the flip. Albeit that Univision owned Hip Hop music stations in San Antonio, Houston, Rio Grande Valley and Albuquerque at the time, the Austin cluster of Univision did not want the format this time. After the announcement was made, Border Media flipped KXXS Digital 104.9 to a Rhythmic Top 40 format, hired the former KXBT staff, and relaunced as "The Beat 104.9", thus leaving the station virtually intact. The "Digital 104.9" format was relaunched on 92.5. 
As for "The Beat", KXBT (on 104.9) has sinced signed off the format in 2008 for a different format, but was resurrected by Clear Channel (which trademarked that brand for its urban and rhythmic stations a decade earlier) on KFMK and then moved to KPEZ.

</doc>
<doc id="9816221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816221" title="T. &amp; A. D. Poyser">
T. &amp; A. D. Poyser

T. & A. D. Poyser began as a British publisher, founded by Trevor and Anna Poyser in 1973, to specialise in ornithology books.
They often worked in conjunction with the British Trust for Ornithology, having early success with the "Atlas of Breeding Birds in Britain and Ireland" (1976).
Trevor and Anna Poyser sold the business to Academic Press in January 1990. This was, in turn, taken over by Harcourt Brace and then Elsevier Science. Academic Press added a new imprint, Poyser Natural History.
In June 2002, the brand and back-list of around 70 titles were acquired by A & C Black (in turn part of Bloomsbury Publishing Plc) from Elsevier Science. A & C Black continue to use the T & A D Poyser imprint.

</doc>
<doc id="9816235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816235" title="Queens Teens Voices">
Queens Teens Voices

Queens Teens Voices is a local quarterly newspaper geared toward the youth in New York City and particularly in south-eastern Queens. It has operated under the Afrikan Poetry Theatre since 2000. The newspaper covers a multitude of topics from entertainment, sports, health, poetry and politics to other points of interest in the lives of adolescents. The editor in-chief is Kubballa Waliyaya, brother of the co-founder of the Afrikan Poetry Theatre, Yusef Waliyaya.

</doc>
<doc id="9816237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816237" title="Coris District">
Coris District

Coris District is one of 5 districts in the Aija Province, of the Ancash Region in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="9816240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816240" title="Dangkao District">
Dangkao District

Dangkao District is a district in the western part of Phnom Penh Municipality, Cambodia. It is the largest district of Phnom Penh. The district is subdivided into 15 Sangkats and 143 Kroms. The district has an area of 197.89 km². According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 92,461.
Postal Code of Dangkor District ( 12400)
The Royal University of Agriculture is located in Dangkor District.

</doc>
<doc id="9816242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816242" title="Rónán Fallon">
Rónán Fallon

Rónán Fallon (? - ) is a hurler for Dublin and St Vincents. In 2006 Fallon helped Dublin to avoid relegation to the Christy Ring Cup by defeating Westmeath and therefore retaining Dublins Liam McCarthy Cup status for 2007.Fallon was named on the 2006 Dublin Blue Stars team for hurling at centre back. Fallon was unveiled as the Vodafone GAA Hurling All Star of the Month for his performances for Dublin in March 2007.[http://www.gaa.ie/plugins/newsfeed.cgi?rm=content&plugin_data_id=18559

</doc>
<doc id="9816260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816260" title="Daniel Mazia">
Daniel Mazia

Daniel Mazia (December 18, 1912, Scranton, Pennsylvania — June 9, 1996, Monterey, California) was an American cell biologist, best known for his 1951 research with Katsuma Dan that isolated the cell structures responsible for mitosis.
Mazia grew up in a Jewish family in Philadelphia. He earned a bachelor's degree in 1933 and a Ph.D. in 1937 from the University of Pennsylvania. In 1937-38, he was a National Research Council fellow at Princeton University and at the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole, Massachusetts. He then joined the zoology faculty of the University of Missouri, where he taught until 1950. From 1951 until his retirement in 1979, he was a professor of zoology at the University of California, Berkeley. After leaving Berkeley until his death in 1996, Mazia was an emeritus professor at Stanford University.
Mazia was a member of the National Academy of Sciences and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was awarded the E. B. Wilson Medal in 1981 for his contributions to cell biology.

</doc>
<doc id="9816265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816265" title="Gashkori">
Gashkori

The Gishkori are a domki Baloch tribe mostly settled in the areas of district Sibi City gorgij, Dera Ismail Khan, Muzaffargarh, Dera Ghazi Khan, Muhammad Pur Diwan, Ali Pur and Kot Addu of Western Punjab as well as in Balochistan, particularly Makran and Quetta. Gashkori tribe is the branch of Bevrigh domki (Rind), Muqaddam of Mir Chakar Khan Rind. They helped the Rind tribe in the Tricennial Battle against the Lasharies.
Gishkori came there with their great leader Mir chakar Azam Khan. They fought against the British commandar Barkaly. They helped Ahamad yar Khan Kharal leader of the Kharal nation in Punjab. Gashkories are commanders of Mir Chakar Khan. Gashkories came back after the death of Mir Chakar Khan.

</doc>
<doc id="9816288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816288" title="Percy Burrell">
Percy Burrell

Sir Percy Burrell, 4th Baronet DL, JP (10 February 1812 – 19 July 1876) was a British Conservative politician.
Background.
Born at Grosvenor Place, London, he was the second son of Sir Charles Burrell, 3rd Baronet and his wife Frances Wyndham, an illegitimate daughter of George Wyndham, 3rd Earl of Egremont. Burrell was educated at Westminster School and Christ Church College, Oxford, where he matriculated in 1830. He served in the British Army and was captain of the 18th Sussex Rifle Volunteers.
Career.
In 1862, he succeeded his father as baronet. He entered the British House of Commons in the same year, sitting for New Shoreham, the constituency his father had also represented before, until his death in 1876. He was a Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace of Sussex.
Family.
On 26 August 1856, he married Henrietta Katherine Brooke-Pechell, daughter of Vice-Admiral Sir George Brooke-Pechell, 4th Baronet at St George's, Hanover Square in London. Their marriage was childless. Burrell died, aged 64, at Belgrave Square in London. He was succeeded in the baronetcy by his younger brother Walter.

</doc>
<doc id="9816316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816316" title="Tandonia budapestensis">
Tandonia budapestensis

Tandonia budapestensis is a species of air-breathing, keeled, land slug, a shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Milacidae.
Description.
This slug is basically dark brownish grey, with a keel of a brighter color. The body is yellowish-grey to brown or dark grey, with numerous black spots, so that the slug may appear to be evenly black-brown, slightly lighter at the sides. The animal is very slender, gradually narrowing posteriorly. The mantle length is less than 1/3 of the body length. There are blurry black bands on the sides of the mantle. The keel is prominent, light, and reaches the mantle. The head and neck are blackish.The sole is narrow and cream with brown or orange hue. The body mucus is usually colourless, thick and sticky but it is yellowish when the slug is irritated.
The length is up to 70 mm. The length of a preserved specimen is 30–40 mm.
Reproductive system: The penis is rounded, wider than and approximately as long as the epiphallus. The vas deferens opening is clearly asymmetrically at the posterior end of epiphallus. Therer is a small simple papilla inside the penis. The spermatheca duct is usually thick; the vagina and atrium are short, the vagina accessory glands are two lobe-like objects connected to the vagina by thin ducts. The spermatophore is thin, 16 mm long, covered almost entirely with short spines.
Distribution.
This slug is native to Europe. It originated most probably from southeastern Alps and north Balkans to Hungary and Romania (Transylvania).
It occurs in the following countries, amongst others:
Europe:
other countries:
This species is already established in the USA, and is considered to represent a potentially serious threat as a pest, an invasive species which could negatively affect agriculture, natural ecosystems, human health or commerce. Therefore it has been suggested that this species be given top national quarantine significance in the USA.
Habitat.
This slug mainly lives in secondary, anthropogenous (man-made) habitats, such as farmland. The habitat of "Tandonia budapestensis" includes parks, gardens, ruins and cultivated fields. It lives as a synanthrope. It occur in natural environments in Britain only where human disturbance is involved. In south Bulgaria it is found usually between 300 and 1000 m, but locally up to 2200 m. It requires humidity and is active at night. It buries into heavy soils.
This species is widespread in some countries and it is still spreading in the British Isles.
The biology of the species was reviewed by Reise et al. (2006). In Britain the copulation of this slug species takes place from November to January; in Central Europe from April to autumn. Slugs may copulate several times in their life. Copulation begins usually at night and may last 15 hours or more; everted genitalia are visible between the partners. In Britain, juveniles hatch in April or May, and maturity is reached in the autumn. Up to more than 20 eggs are laid at a time. In Central Europe, eggs, sub-adults and adults pass the winter.
Human relevance.
This species is noxious to crops, in lowland England particularly to potatoes. This species is a pest in crops of root vegetables.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="9816317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816317" title="Andy McKay">
Andy McKay

Andrew John McKay (born 17 April 1980) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for the Wellington Firebirds in the State Championship, having moved from the Auckland Aces for the 2009–10 season. He was born in Auckland.
International career.
Mckay made his ODI debut at Napier for New Zealand, against Bangladesh, on 5 February 2010. 
Mckay made his International Test debut at Nagpur for New Zealand, against India, on 20 November 2010 and took the prize wicket of The Master - Sachin Tendulkar as his 1st International Test wicket.

</doc>
<doc id="9816321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816321" title="Al-Faris">
Al-Faris

Al-Faris is town in Dujail District in the Salah al-Din Governorate in Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="9816326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816326" title="Bob Skoronski">
Bob Skoronski

Robert Skoronski (born March 5, 1934 in Derby, Connecticut) was a tackle in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers. Skoronski attended Indiana University and went to high school in his home state of Connecticut at Fairfield College Preparatory School.

</doc>
<doc id="9816431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816431" title="Florida State Road 349">
Florida State Road 349

State Road 349 (SR 349) is a two-lane state highway in eastern Dixie and Lafayette counties, near the Suwannee River. It is long. Near Fletcher, it intersects County Road 351 (CR 351), a major access road to Cross City and Horseshoe Beach. The northern terminus at the intersection of U.S. Highway 27 (US 27) in Grady, which is on the west side of the Suwannee River near Branford. The southern terminus of SR 349 is at an intersection of US 19/US 27 Alternate/US 98 in Old Town, although it extends southward to Suwannee as CR 349.
SR 349 was part of US 129 from 1948 to 1959, and US 129 Alternate from 1959 to 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="9816436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816436" title="John Strange">
John Strange

John Strange may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9816476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816476" title="2000 Arena Football League season">
2000 Arena Football League season

The 2000 Arena Football League season was the 14th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Orlando Predators, who defeated the Nashville Kats in ArenaBowl XIV.

</doc>
<doc id="9816479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816479" title="Ted Fritsch">
Ted Fritsch

Theodore Edward Fritsch (October 31, 1920 – October 4, 1979) was an American baseball, basketball, and football player who played running back for the National Football League's Green Bay Packers from 1942 to 1950. He also played two seasons for the Oshkosh All-Stars of the National Basketball League. Fritsch also played as an outfielder for the Portsmouth Cubs, Nashville Vols, and Los Angeles Angels minor league baseball teams in 1944. He attended Spencer High School in Spencer, WI and the High School's football field was named after him. Fritsch died in 1979 of a heart attack
His son, Ted Fritsch, Jr., also played in the NFL in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="9816481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816481" title="Blinded Black">
Blinded Black

Blinded Black was a six-piece post-hardcore band from St. Louis, Missouri. After forming in 1999, the group self-released their debut album and began touring both locally and around the Midwest. The group signed with SideCho Records and began working with producer Marc McClusky. Their latest album, "Under the Sunrise", was released February 27, 2007 on SideCho Records; following its release the band toured with LoveHateHero and Vanna.
Blinded Black called it quits in March 2008. The band had a small farewell tour in Indiana and Missouri from May 16 - May 30, with their last show being in Missouri on May 30, 2008. Since then, the members of Blinded Black have joined other bands. They reunited on May 2, 2009, for a reunion show in Evansville, Indiana. They also reunited for a show on February 25, 2011 at Pops in Sauget, Illinois, supported by Last Nights Vice, Wild Tiger, Breakdances With Wolves, Gateway Getaway, and Clayton Jones Band. 

</doc>
<doc id="9816495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816495" title="Mark Jefferson (cricketer)">
Mark Jefferson (cricketer)

Mark Robin Jefferson (born 28 June 1976 in Oamaru, Otago) is a New Zealand cricketer who has played for Wellington and Northern Districts in the State Championship and the State Shield.

</doc>
<doc id="9816498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816498" title="Nakatsu Station (Osaka Municipal Subway)">
Nakatsu Station (Osaka Municipal Subway)

Layout.
This station has an island platform serving two tracks on the second basement and a Y returning track in the north of the platform.

</doc>
<doc id="9816503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816503" title="Walter C. Kelly">
Walter C. Kelly

Walter C. Kelly (October 29, 1873 in Mineville, New York – January 6, 1939 in Philadelphia, PA) was a Vaudeville comedian. He was the uncle of actress Grace Kelly (Princess of Monaco). He appeared in several Broadway productions and in several movies. He was sometimes credited as Walter "Judge" Kelly. 
Kelly toured for years as The Virginia Judge. He released a recording of his act on Victor records. He brought the role to the movies in the 1935 Paramount film "The Virginia Judge".
His movie acting roles include:
His autobiography was published "Of Me I Sing : An Informal Autobiography", by Walter C Kelly, New York : Dial Press, 1953 (OCLC: 3399237). He was also the author of a short story in 1935 "The Virginia Judge."
He died from injuries sustained in a road accident.

</doc>
<doc id="9816569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816569" title="The Messenger (Markus Zusak novel)">
The Messenger (Markus Zusak novel)

The Messenger is a 2002 novel by Markus Zusak, and winner of the 2003 Children’s Book Council of Australia Book of the Year Award.
"The Messenger" was released in the United States under the name I Am the Messenger. The entire story is written through the eyes of the main character, Ed Kennedy, who describes and comments on the story throughout the book.
Plot summary.
The story begins with an introduction to the character of Ed Kennedy, a down-and-out underage taxi driver who is hopelessly in love with his best friend Audrey, who, to his dismay, feels that she cares about him too much to date him. Ed is standing in a bank queue when a robbery takes place. He accidentally foils the robbers' escape, and is proclaimed a hero. Shortly after, he receives an Ace of Diamonds in the mail. The ace is from an unknown source. On the ace is written a list of addresses and times. These represent a series of tasks that Ed must complete.
His tasks are as follows:
Throughout the book, Ed receives different playing cards in the mail. Each card is a different ace, and each ace contains a series of tasks, often in the form of cryptic clues. On the second to last card, he receives a list with movie titles on it and deciphers the names of his three best friends. From these cards he learns the greatest message of all: That he isn't the messenger, but instead the message.
The last card is a Joker and has his own address written on it. But as it is made clear in the last lines of the novel it's all about the realisation of chances and potential because as Ed finally says:"I'm not the messenger at all. I'm the message."
Stage adaptation.
In 2008 the novel was adapted for the stage by Ross Mueller. It was first performed by The Canberra Youth Theatre on 24 November 2008.
In 2011 the novel was adapted again for the stage by Curtin's Hayman Theatre Company and performed at the Subiaco Arts Centre in Perth, Western Australia.
Representation.
Zusak is represented by Curtis Brown Australia

</doc>
<doc id="9816576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816576" title="Gora dialect">
Gora dialect

The Gorani or Našinski (literally meaning "our language") language is the variety of South Slavic spoken by the Gorani people in the border area between Kosovo, Albania and Macedonia. It is part of the Torlakian dialect group which is the transitional dialect between Eastern and Western South Slavic languages.
Distribution and classification.
The dialect is spoken across the Gora region. It is spoken in 18 villages in Kosovo, 11 in Albania and 2 in the Republic of Macedonia. In Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonian it is written in either the Serbian or Macedonian Cyrillic Alphabets, whereas in Albania, the Latin Albanian alphabet is used. In the 1991 Yugoslav census, 54.8% of the inhabitants of the Gora municipality said that they spoke the Goranian language, roughly in proportion to the number who considered themselves ethnic Gorani. Then a little less than half from the inhabitants of Gora described their language as Serbian.
The dialect is related to the neighbouring Prizren-South Morava dialect area to the north-east, which comprises the Serbian/Torlakian varieties spoken in the southern half of Kosovo and in south-eastern Serbia, as well as to the northernmost dialects of Macedonia. In the context of Macedonian dialectology, it is described as having particular close links to the Lower Polog dialect of the Polog and Tetovo regions, which are situated just opposite the Gora area on the other side of the Šar Mountains.
Goranian has also been classified as a part of the Bulgarian dialect area, by Bulgarian, as well as some foreign anthropologists. In 2007 the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences sponsored and printed the first Gorani–Albanian dictionary (with 43,000 words and phrases) by Goranian researcher Nazif Dokle who considers the language a Bulgarian dialect.
On the other hand, former Yugoslav linguists Vidoeski, Brozović and Ivić identify the Slavic dialect of the Gora region as Macedonian. According to some sources in 2003 the Kosovo government acquired Macedonian language and grammar books to be taught in Gorani schools.
Phonological characteristics.
The Gora dialect shares with standard Serbian, the northernmost dialects of Macedonian and western dialects of Bulgarian the vocalisation of earlier syllabic /l/ in words like "vuk" ('wolf') (cf. Macedonian "volk", standard Bulgarian "vălk"). With Serbian it also shares the reflex of */tj, dj/ as /tɕ/, as opposed to standard Macedonian /c/ (). With the westernmost dialects of Macedonian, as well as most of the Bulgarian dialects, it shares the reflex of "big Yus" (*/ɔ̃/) as /ə/ (ӑ) in words like "păt" ('road') (cf. Macedonian "pat", Serbian "put"). With standard Macedonian and some Bulgarian dialects it shares the reflexes of */ĭ, ŭ/ as /e, o/ in words like "den" ('day') and "son" ('dream'). With standard Macedonian, standard Serbian and some Bulgarian dialects it shares the retention of syllabic /r/ in words like "krv" ('blood').
Typical words.
Here is a song sung in the typical Gora dialect.
Another two songs in Gorani, from Shishtejec

</doc>
<doc id="9816607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816607" title="Eugène Delaplanche">
Eugène Delaplanche

Eugène Delaplanche (February 28, 1836 – January 10, 1891) was a French sculptor, born at Belleville (Seine).
Life.
He was a pupil of Duret, gained the "Prix de Rome" in 1864 (spending 1864-67 at the Villa Medici in Rome), and the medal of honor in 1878. His ""Messenger of Love"" (1874), ""Aurora"" (1878), and the ""Virgin of the Lillies"" (1884), are in the Luxembourg. Other works by him are ""Music"" (1878, Paris Opera House), called his masterpiece; ""Eve After the Fall"" (1869); ""Maternal Instruction"" (1875, Square of Sainte-Clothilde, Paris); and the statues of ""Security"" and ""Commerce"" (1884) in the Hôtel de Ville, Paris (replicas in the Chicago Art Institute). He is also noted for his decorations in relief on vases of Haviland faience. His best work is naturalistic, but at the same time dignified and simple in line, and shows sound mastery of technique. He is represented by 15 works in the Glyptothek, Copenhagen, and in many other French museums and in churches.

</doc>
<doc id="9816631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816631" title="Deroceras praecox">
Deroceras praecox

Deroceras praecox is a species of small air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Agriolimacidae.
Taxonomy.
When Wiktor (1966) described "D. praecox" he distinguished two forms on the basis of their genitalia. Later Wiktor (1973) realised that one of the forms of "D. praecox" that he had distinguished was synonymous with Deroceras rodnae, described slightly earlier by Grossu & Lupu (1965). But the other form with a spiral end to its penis occupied a distinct range in the Sudeten mountains and neighboring areas; this is what is called "D. praecox" nowadays. It remains debatable whether "D. praecox" might be better viewed as a subspecies of "D. rodnae" (Hutchinson & Reise, 2009). Note that the distinct differences in mating behaviour between "D. praecox" and "D. rodnae" that Reise (1995) reported turn out to refer to differences between "D. praecox" and a more distant species, "Deroceras juranum" (Hutchinson & Reise, 2009).
Description.
The coloration of the body of this slug is usually snowy white or off-white mottled with grey (Wiktor, 2000).
The head and tentacles are brownish. However, colour is often a misleading guide and identification should be based on dissection. Even within a site "D. praecox" may co-occur with other species that are indistinguishable externally (Reise & Hutchinson, 2001). "Deroceras praecox" is distinct in having a spiral pocket at the end of its penis .
Distribution.
This species occurs in Eastern Europe. It is not listed in the IUCN red list - and thus is not evaluated (NE)
It occurs in:
A closely related form of uncertain taxonomic status occurs in the uplands south of Dresden, Germany (Hutchinson & Reise, 2009).
This slug occurs in woodland.

</doc>
<doc id="9816639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816639" title="Ted Fritsch, Jr.">
Ted Fritsch, Jr.

Theodore Edward Fritsch, Jr. (born August 26, 1950) is a former American football center in the National Football League. His father Ted Fritsch played for the Green Bay Packers in the 1940s. Fritsch played college football at St. Norbert College. He now lives in Marietta, Georgia with his wife, Roberta. He has three children: Angela, Lauren, and Zachary.

</doc>
<doc id="9816651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816651" title="Palmitoyl-CoA">
Palmitoyl-CoA

Palmitoyl-CoA is an acyl-CoA thioester used in the biosynthesis of sphingosine:
Palmitoyl-CoA is part of the carnitine shuttle system, which transports other fatty acyl-CoA molecules into the mitochondria for β-oxidation.

</doc>
<doc id="9816662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816662" title="Connaught Hospital">
Connaught Hospital

Connaught Hospital is a hospital located in Sierra Leone.
Connaught Hospital was opened in 1912 by the Duke of Connaught, Prince Arthur. President Kabbah re-opened the hospital on May 5, 2006, alongside the Princess Christian Maternity Hospital (PCMH).

</doc>
<doc id="9816710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816710" title="Hannah Nichols">
Hannah Nichols

Hannah Nichols is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera "All My Children". The role was portrayed by actress Stacy Haiduk starting in March 2007, before being let go that May. However, Haiduk reprised her role from September 2007 to her death onscreen on January 14, 2008.
Character history.
Hannah Nichols is the mother of the late Ethan Cambias, a child born by a teenage love affair with Zach Slater, then known as Alexander Cambias, Jr. Upon giving birth to Ethan, she gives him up and he is adopted by Stanley and Edith Ramsey. Hannah comes to Pine Valley, but as time goes on she realizes how much she missed when she gave Ethan up for adoption. She sleeps with Josh Madden in her office at Cambias, and starts a short relationship with him. She then makes a pregnancy plea to Zach, saying he owes her, and leaves Pine Valley afterwards. It is later confirmed that Zach did not grant her plea.
After returning to Pine Valley, Hannah starts working on an assignment given to her by Adam Chandler, pointed against Zach's company, but she later regrets doing it. With Adam blackmailing her, Hannah works to get Adam his company back from Zach. She steals the company from Zach while he is preocuppied with getting Kendall Hart Slater's legal affairs in order. She then gives Adam back his company and breaks off any relationship with him.
After hearing about Kendall being given community service for her wrongdoings, Hannah attempts to shoot her while she is partying at Greenlee Smythe's apartment. While her bullet misses Kendall, Ryan Lavery is hit instead. With Zach searching for Hannah, she runs into Sean Montgomery, whom she takes back to her hotel room and sleeps with. She then goes off to the cliffs (the same cliffs where Leo du Pres and Vanessa Bennett died) where Zach meets her. She shares with Zach memories of his father raping her when Zach was off to school. Zach tries to comfort her, but she steps away from him and both slip at the edge of the cliff, now hanging on for life. Zach vows to save her and asks her to hold on to him tightly. Aidan Devane, Kendall, and Greenlee rush to where the two are and try to pull them up to safety. As Zach tells Hannah that he is sorry for the awful things that happened to her and to please believe him, Hannah makes it clear that she does. Zach professes his love to a frantic Kendall to calm her down, and as he does, Hannah tells Zach that it is okay, seemingly realizing how deep his love for Kendall goes. She keeps looking down, surmising the situation. As if sensing that they will both die if they go any longer in their current state, she says that everything is as it should be and lets go, presumably falling to her death. Zach is pulled to safety, distraught over the one woman he could not save.

</doc>
<doc id="9816716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816716" title="Necessary International Initiative">
Necessary International Initiative

The Necessary International Initiative, often shortened to NII, was a Trotskyist international grouping formed in March 1976 by groups considered to the left of the Fourth International, which the NII characterised as "centrism sui generis", although the British section disagreed with this analysis. It consisted of the FMR, Spartacusbund (BRD) and two Austrian groups which become the IKL. The British International-Communist League joined in September 1976. The group was based on common agreement over positions of other Trotskyist internationals on the Portuguese revolution of 1974/5. One of the groups that came out of them was Workers Power (Germany) which is now a member of the League for a Fifth International, as is part of the British section which split in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9816745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816745" title="Route nationale 177">
Route nationale 177

The RN177 is a trunk road (nationale) in France linking Pont-l'Évêque and Trouville-sur-Mer. The road is in fact a section of the former RN834. The RN177 was until the 1972 reclassification scheme a link between Villers-Bocage and Redon.
The old RN177 was declassified into RD577 in Calvados, RD977 in Manche and RD177 in Ille-et-Vilaine. The RN177 has since 2006 been declassified into the RD677.
In a strange move by the Calvados DDE, drivers wishing to reach Deauville and the Côte Fleurie are advise not to use the trunk road but to use the single carriageway RD27A that follows a similar course along the Lisieux-Deauville railway line. Weekend tourists are often caught in traffic jams on the A132 while wanting to join the RN177 as well as at Bonneville-sur-Touques roundabout where several départementales converge. It is also at that location that the gendarmerie sets up speed cameras and alcohol control.
Route.
The road is bypassed by the A132 between Pont-l'Évêque and Canapville where the RN177 crosses several départementales and two level crossings. The section between the Bonneville-sur-Touques roundabout (where it meets the RD17 to Caen) and Deauville is a dual carriageway. The RN177 ends at a roundabout next to the gare de Trouville-Deauville where it meets the RD513.
It traverses the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="9816760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816760" title="Walter Carlisle">
Walter Carlisle

Walter Carlisle (July 6, 1881 - May 27, 1945) was a left fielder in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the 1908 season. Carlisle was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed. He was born in Yorkshire, England.
In a three-game career, Carlisle was a .100 hitter (1-for-10) with one stolen base without home runs.
While playing in the Pacific Coast League for the Vernon Tigers, Carlisle executed an unassisted triple play against Los Angeles Angels. With the score tied at 3–3 in the sixth inning, and runners on first and second bases, Carlisle made a diving catch of a short fly batted by Roy Akin; stepped on second to retire Charlie Moore, and tagged George Metzger coming from first. The Tigers won the game, 5–4. With his heroic feat, Carlisle entered the records books as the only outfielder ever to make an unassisted triple play in organized baseball (July 19, 1911). Curiously, in the following season Akin pulled off his own unassisted triple play, albeit as an infielder.
Carlisle died in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 63. 

</doc>
<doc id="9816801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816801" title="List of naval and land-based operations in Mediterranean Sea area during World War II">
List of naval and land-based operations in Mediterranean Sea area during World War II

This list of World War II military operations is for Mediterranean Theatre land operations and operations within the Mediterranean Sea, e.g. naval operations such as :Category:Malta Convoys.

</doc>
<doc id="9816804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816804" title="Jose Pacheco">
Jose Pacheco

Jose Pacheco or José Pacheco may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9816818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816818" title="Sobek (comics)">
Sobek (comics)

Sobek is a fictional supervillain published by DC Comics. He first appears in "52" #26 (2006), and was created by Geoff Johns, Greg Rucka, Grant Morrison, Mark Waid, Keith Giffen and Pat Olliffe.
Fictional character biography.
The Golden Age version of the character was one of several alien Crocodile Men from the planetoid Punkus who joined the Monster Society of Evil under Mister Mind. Crocodile Men played a large part in the group. In another Marvel Family story, it featured the Hiss-Men, who are creatures from a million years ago that resemble the Crocodile-Men. Possibly they are Crocodile Men that landed on Earth, or Hiss-Men that left the planet as the rest of their race were killed by humans and the Marvel Family.
The current Sobek was first believed to be a bioengineered humanoid crocodile, created in Doctor Sivana's lab. Sobek is found in Dr. Sivana's residence, claiming to be a crocodile Sivana got from the Nile and experimented on before he escaped from his cage in Sivana's lab, and befriended by Osiris, as the Black Marvels were at a charity dinner hosted by Mrs Sivana, who wanted her husband found. He is named Sobek after the Egyptian god, claiming he doesn't have a name. From then on, Sobek puts on a facade of cowardice and timidness (essentially becoming the Black Marvel Family analogue of Tawky Tawny) to fool everyone around him. When Osiris suffers despondancy after accidentally killing Persuader and thinks his powers are evil and are causing the disasters in Khandaq, Sobek convinces him to give up his powers. Once Osiris becomes human, Sobek quickly devours him, claiming 'I'm not so hungry anymore'.
Soon after, Sobek is revealed to be Yurrd the Unknown, one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, representing famine. Yurrd has been created along with Roggra, Zorrm, and Azraeuz as a group of bioengineered monstrosities sent to attack the Black Marvel Family, he causes crops to die so even the magic of Isis cannot restore them. Yurrd was the first to be sent out as a sleeper agent until the time looked right to strike. Black Adam and Isis are lured to the Horsemen when Black Adam feels Osiris's power returning to him. He tells Black Adam that Osiris was too stringy. In the ensuing battle, Yurrd is the first of the Horsemen to be killed, his jaws ripped apart by Black Adam. The other ones are killed by Adam except for Death, who escapes to the nearby nation of Bialya. Adam kills millions of people, before finding, torturing, then killing Death to find out who created the Horsemen. In "52" #52, a shot shows Black Adam wearing new boots, which the writers revealed in interviews to be in fact made of Sobek's flesh.
52 Aftermath.
Yurrd and his fellow Horsemen return in the six-part miniseries "52 Aftermath: The Four Horsemen". The entity functioning as Yurrd remanifests in the country of Bialya where the Four Horsemen's spirits have joined Death's, where he confronts Batman and Superman and disrupts the relief efforts for the Bialyan survivors. Corpses are taken control of to build a mound that will resurrect the Horsemen, and when the heroes try to destroy it by throwing a block of ice at it, the kinetic energy resurrects the villains. Yurrd takes on his true form during these events, now resembling a humanoid Hyena. He is able to possess Batman, due to their hunger for revenge. His essence is eventually absorbed into a bio-containment unit ingested by Veronica Cale.
Blackest Night.
In the "The Power of Shazam!" tie-in to the "Blackest Night" crossover, Sobek's original body was reanimated as a member of the Black Lantern Corps. He located Osiris, who had also been transformed into a Black Lantern (albeit with full control over his mind, due to Black Adam mystically restoring his corpse), and fought with him. Osiris destroyed Sobek and himself by calling out "Black Adam!", resulting in the magical lightning hitting them both and destroying their rings' connections to them. Osiris is later resurrected as a White Lantern.
Later when Osiris is in Arkham Asylum, he believes Killer Croc to be Sobek when a jailbreak is caused and attacks him brutally.

</doc>
<doc id="9816826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816826" title="Jeff Burr">
Jeff Burr

Jeff Burr (born Aurora, Ohio in 1963) is an American film director, Writer and producer best known for his work in horror sequels, such as "Stepfather II", ', "Puppet Master 4" and ', and "".
Early life.
Jeff Burr was born in Aurora, Ohio, in 1963. He grew up in rural Dalton, Georgia, where he avidly read horror fanzines like Castle of Frankenstein, The Monster Times, and Famous Monsters, and eventually began making his own Super-8 films.
Burr attended the University of Southern California (USC) (with R. A. Mihailoff who played Leatherface in "Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III".[http://www.pitofhorror.com/main/mihailoff.html]). He and fellow director Kevin Meyer dropped out of USC after his third year to finish their American civil war drama "Divided We Fall", which premiered in 1982 and won some acclaim at festivals around the world. Though "Divided We Fall" was a drama, Burr would spend most of his subsequent film career working in the Horror genre.
Career.
For his second feature film, alternately titled "From a Whisper to a Scream" or "The Offspring", Burr approach veteran Horror actor Vincent Price. Burr recalled in 2012, So, the producer and I got his address from a celebrity address service, and we went up to his door with the script and a bottle of wine in hand (Price was a noted wine connoisseur). We came bearing gifts, and wouldn’t you know… he opened the door himself when we knocked! It was a flurry of “Gee, Mr. Price, we’re fans of your work…” and “we wrote this script,” and he actually invited us inside. He had ever y reason to ignore us, and even if it was on a polite level, he could have said, “Okay boys, contact my agent,” but he was just so gracious. He invited us in, sat and talked with us for about 15 minutes, took the script, and that’s how it all started. 
After "From a Whisper to a Scream" premiered in 1987, Burr directed his first studio film, a sequel to the 1987 horror/thriller "The Stepfather", entitled "Stepfather II". The film was poorly received, and Burr balked at studio executives Bob and Harvey Weinstien's post-production re-shoots with another director. Still, Burr was subsequently contacted by New Line Cinema with an offer to direct the second sequel to Tobe Hooper's 1974 classic "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" after the studio's first choices—including directors Jonathan Betuel and Peter Jackson—dropped out. Burr was hired only two weeks before shooting began, and consequently had little time to prepare and little creative control over the final product. The resulting film, 1990's "" encountered problems with the MPAA, requiring 11 different submissions before receiving an R Rating, which New Line required in order to effectively distribute the film. After test audiences responded positively Ken Foree's character, the studio brought editor Michael Knue in to shoot a new ending which focused on the character. Burr, frustrated by the changes, asked that his name be removed from the final film, but was denied on the basis that film prints had already been struck which listed him as director.
"Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III" was not well received by critics, but nevertheless went on gross $5,765,562 on a $2,000,000 budget, making the studio a profit.
Burr would go on to direct sequels to "Pumpkinhead" and "Puppet Master", among many others. Though most of his subsequent work has been in the horror genre "(Night of the Scarecrow", "Devil's Den"), Burr has also worked in dramedy ("Eddie Presley"), Science-Fiction ("Spoiler", "The Boy with the X-Ray Eyes") and war films ("Straight into Darkness").
Throughout his career, Burr has expressed frustration over studio interference, budget limitations, and other unfortunate circumstances, leading him to claim in an interview in 2012 that there were only three films which he considered to be his own: "From a Whisper to a Scream", 1992's "Eddie Presley", and 2004's "Straight into Darkness". The others, he claimed, had, "decisions that were made, in my estimation, that weren’t the best. So, those are the three I stand behind without a mountain of qualifications."

</doc>
<doc id="9816833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816833" title="Jock Wallace, Sr.">
Jock Wallace, Sr.

John Martin "Jock" Wallace (13 April 1911 — 1978) was a Scottish professional football goalkeeper. His son, Jock Wallace, Jr., managed Rangers, Leicester City and Sevilla.
He began his career at Raith Rovers, before moving south of the border in March 1934 to join compatriot Sandy MacFarlane's Blackpool. He remained at the seaside for fourteen years, notching-up 243 league appearances for the Tangerines. Wallace made his debut at Lincoln City on February 17, 1934, and became almost an ever-present.
On more than one occasion, the Scot fell out with the Blackpool board or management, and on one occasion he refused to join the team to play Leeds United in the FA Cup. He was replaced by his understudy, Joe Robinson. Wallace's argument was over contractual terms, and he eventually joined Derby County for a nominal £500 fee in February 1948.
The Rams had a goalkeeping crisis, and Wallace, who wasn't cup-tied, played in the FA Cup sixth round and semi-finals. Derby were knocked out, and it was Blackpool who went on to Wembley from the other semi-final.
His job done, Wallace left Derby for Leith Athletic in August 1948, returning to Edinburgh where he had guested for Leith's rivals St Bernard's during the Second World War.
Wallace died in 1978 at the age of 67, 18 years before his son.

</doc>
<doc id="9816858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816858" title="Wusterhausen">
Wusterhausen

Wusterhausen (official name Wusterhausen/Dosse) is a municipality in the Ostprignitz-Ruppin district, in northwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Dosse, 7 km southeast of Kyritz, and 75 km northwest of Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="9816878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816878" title="List of military operations on the Eastern Front of World War II">
List of military operations on the Eastern Front of World War II

This is a list of military operations in Europe on the "Eastern Front". These were operations by Germany and its allies on one side and the Soviet Union and its allies on the other and were a consequence of the German invasion in 1941. The geographic boundaries have blurred edges. Finland, classed elsewhere as a "Nordic" country, participated in "Barbarossa" but later fought against German troops (see Military operations in Scandinavia and Iceland during World War II). Yugoslavia, for much of the war, was part of operations in southern Europe but it was liberated by the Red Army. In the cases of Finland and Yugoslavia, therefore, operations are likely to be entered in different lists, depending on the protagonists - not geography. Soviet operations in Iran will be listed in the List of World War II military operations.
Eastern Front.
Axis.
In alphabetic order
Soviet Union.
Operations listed here are some of the better known strategic operations of the Red Army in World War II, and exclude operations by partisans or "Home Armies". These are included under List of World War II military operations.
Names of other operations have not been recorded and these have become known by their regional objective.
In alphabetic order

</doc>
<doc id="9816909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816909" title="The Artillery">
The Artillery

 
The Artillery is a post-hardcore band that formed in Round Rock, Texas in 2000 management is SE Records.
Biography.
Brief history.
The Artillery is a four-piece band formed out of Round Rock, Texas. They have been together since 2000, and have been playing shows regionally since 2002, and nationally since 2006. Hailing from a suburb of the largest music scene in Texas, Chris Ellis, a swagger-savvy drummer, and Jonathan Macias, a natural born rocker, were urged to start a rock band. After trying out a few unfitting candidates, they came across a talented voice that went by the name of Dean Danger. Chris Reyes, another local artist, had proven himself to be the missing link that would bring The Artillery to their full potential.
Now that they were fully staffed, they began to write songs that combined energetic guitar leads with catchy vocals. The Artillery recorded their first E.P. entitled 'Fear Is In' with producer Paul Soroski, and released it on June 24, 2007. Throughout 'Fear is In' there’s a reoccurring theme of determination, strength through struggle, and an unwavering will to overcome all obstacles. The E.P. serves as a solid introduction to a band destined for bigger things. After their release they toured regionally, and have since made a name for themselves around the Lone Star State.
Soon after 'Fear Is In' they continued writing non-stop, in order to finish their first full-length entitled ‘Kings of the World’. After 2 years in the making, 'KOTW' has a mix-match of many genres, only to prove their ability to write in totally different mind-sets. After its release on June 26, 2009, their popularity only gained more. This time through the internet as well, Selling over fifteen-hundred album on iTunes and other various online media forms. The Artillery also got to No. 14 out of thousands in an online battle for Austin City Limits Festival.
With big dreams set in their sight, The Artillery is still creating and producing music. They currently plan on self-recording their next full length album by the end of 2011.
""We will always find new ways to musically express ourselves, and will always find new way to give it to the masses." - The Artillery"
The Artillery and Paul Soroski.
Paul Soroski, bassist of the Southern Rock band Podunk, was introduced to The Artillery in the summer of 2003, they met at a local sound stage. He was intrigued by how young TA was, and how well they could play for their age. Right then and there, he became the producer and manager for the band. Over the years Paul molded the band and gave them opportunities to play amazing shows. Also, he helped them record their first EP, "Fear Is In", as well as book many shows during SXSW '07 to showcase the band.

</doc>
<doc id="9816917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816917" title="List of X-STR markers">
List of X-STR markers

The following X-STR markers are used in genealogical DNA testing and other forms of relationship testing.

</doc>
<doc id="9816924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816924" title="On the First Beat">
On the First Beat

On the First Beat (Traditional Chinese: 學警出更) is a TVB modern action series broadcast in June 2007.
The series is a direct sequel to 2005's "The Academy" (學警雄心). The main cast features Ron Ng, Sammul Chan and Chin Ka Lok from the original series and new cast including Michael Tao, Sonija Kwok, Joey Yung, Kenny Kwan and Kate Tsui. The story continues on with the two male leads in the series with their growth as young police officers with personal conflicts in their bonds as friends and romantic relationships. The drama is about the life of a group of Hong Kong police officers and cadets inside and outside of work. 
A direct sequel, "E.U." (學警狙擊) was produced and airred in 2009 continued with Ron Ng and Sammul Chan, alongside Michael Miu, Kathy Chow, Elanne Kwong, and Michael Tse.
Synopsis.
After going through the excruciating training of the academy, Chung Lap Man (Ron Ng Cheuk Hei) and Lee Pak Kiu (Sammul Chan Gin Fung) finally become official police officers and are assigned into the same branch. One operation causes Kiu's girlfriend to die a violent death. Furthermore, it causes Kiu and Man, this pair of good brothers, to separate from one another. Newly appointed police chief Cheung Ging Fung (Michael Tao Dai Yue) turns out to be the crime leader of last time's operation. Kiu further discovers that there's an inside story to his girlfriend's death...<br>
The feelings between Man and his colleague Cheung Nim Yan (Joey Yung Jo Yi) gradually develop. However, his cousin Man Jing (Kate Tsui Tsz San), like before, pursues him. On the other hand, Kiu loves Fung's ex-wife, Yuen Wai Nei (Sonija Kwok Sin Nei). However, the old feelings between Fung and Nei still haven't ended. Facing the impact of career, friendship, and love, how will the two new officers deal with it all?"
Chung Lap-Man (Ron Ng) and Lee Pak-Kiu (Sammul Chan) patrolling the streets of Hong Kong with fellow senior constables. During one patrolling shift, Pak Kiu messes with the wrong group of gangs, Cheng Chi-Keung (Wai Ka Hung) and Cheung King-Fung (Michael Tao).
After realizing that Pak-Kiu was manipulated by Chi-Keung, Fiona Ma Oi-Lam (Fiona Sit) tries to clear Pak-Kiu's name from the complaint by Chi Keung. Fiona and Lap-Man finds Chi-Keung and King-Fung dealing drugs in a parking lot and tries to photograph their drugs-transaction. Fiona accidentally sets off a car alarm and is discovered by Chi-Keung and King-Fung, holding her hostage. Pak-Kiu tries to rescue Fiona, instead he gets shot in the side of his head by Chi-Keung and subsequently Chi-Keung shoots Fiona in the stomach, consequently she dies. Pak Kiu then wakes up in the hospital and finds out that Fiona is dead and blames it all on Lap-Man. Throughout the whole series, conflict and extreme hatred for each other is constantly shown between them.
Half a year later, Lap-Man and Pak-Kiu are introduced to their new sergeant, King-Fung. Turns out King Fung was an undercover police officer responsible for the arrest of Chi-Keung earlier. Lap-Man and Pak-Kiu both develop a sense of hatred towards King-Fung. Lap Man gets angry and files a fake complaint letter on King Fung. King Fung's sister, Cheung Nim-Yan (Joey Yung), who is an investigation constable, discover the fake letter prank. 
Lap-Man and Pak-Kiu then meets Kuk Ming-Cheung (Chin Ka Lok), who tells him about Pak-Kiu's father, Lee Man-Shing, (Michael Miu). Apparently Pak Kiu's father and King Fung had a bitter past. During this time, Pak Kiu tries to take some psychology classes to try to build up a better resume when he applies for an inspector position within the police department. Yuen Wai-Nei (Sonija Kwok) joins Pak Kiu's classes as she thinks its beneficial to police officers.
Man Ching (Kate Tsui) comes to Hong Kong from the United States in hopes of finding her mother, who turned out to be Lap Man's aunt. Man Ching then develop feelings for Lap-Man, even though she is aware of his girlfriend. Trying to get Man Ching off of his back, Lap Man challenges her to be a police officer at the Police Training School (PTS). Man Ching accepts the challenge. Yuen Ka-Fu (Kenny Kwan), Yuen Wai-Nei's brother, coincidentally just came to Hong Kong from Canada. He was expelled from a Canadian university, and applies to be a police officer. He meets Man Ching in the training. 
King-Fung, Ming-Cheung, and a few other sergeants receive a letter that tells them they will be training for the Police Tactical Unit (PTU). During the time at the training camp, Ming-Cheung tries to screw King-Fung over. During the training Pak-Kiu and Lap-Man always get into arguments, their behaviour then noticed by King-Fung, Ming-Cheung. One day Lap-Man tells Ming-Cheung that King-Fung no longer holds a grudge against Man-Shing and that everything is back to normal, Ming-Cheung then becomes all friendly to King-Fung. 
At this time, Wai-Nei is still angry over the fact that her ex-husband, King-Fung had "slept" with another woman and that she doesn't forgive him. One day King Fung goes to make this glass vase as it has sentimental value to both him and Wai Nei, he gives it to her and they are back together. 
Lap-Man and Nim-Yan slowly starts to get closer and develop feelings for each other. But knowing that Lap Man has a girlfriend, Ho Fa (Tavia Yeung) and Man Ching has a crush on him, Nim Yan backs off. Wai Nei and King Fung's relationship grows and plans to get married. At this time, King Fung encounters Yip Ling-Fung (Selena Li). Ling-Fung runs into some financial problems and King-Fung helps her. On the day of Wai-Nei and King-Fung's wedding, Ling-Fung tries to draw King-Fung's attention by attempting to commit suicide. King-Fung tries to get Ling-Fung to cooperate, but she ignores him, eventually King-Fung has to go with her to the hospital and becomes extremely late for his wedding. As soon as he gets to his wedding, Wai-Nei calls off the wedding and vows that she will no longer be friends or anything with King-Fung. At this time Wai-Nei finds out that she is pregnant with King-Fung's baby.
Wai-Nei soon discovers that Pak-Kiu has developed feelings for her and is willing to be the baby's father. But yet, Pak-Kiu constantly gets nightmares of Fiona getting killed by Chi-Keung. He seeks help from a psychologist, who tells him that he actually still loves and misses Fiona. Pak-Kiu is also clear that Wai-Nei still has feelings for King-Fung.
King-Fung, who is unaware Wai-Nei is carrying his baby, heard from his grandmother than Wai-Nei wants to piece back the broken glass vase. He decides to make a new one for her. Wai-Nei receives the glass vase and decides to reconcile with King-Fung. She heads to find King-Fung in Ling-Fung's home, but ends up being held hostage by Chi-Keung.
Wai-Nei ends up hospitalised and severely injured, and Chi-Keung heads to the hospital to deal with King-Fung. Chi-Keung escapes injured, but was caught and shot by Ka-Fu who revenged his sister. Later on, Wai-Nei's condition suffers complications and she is forced to deliver her baby only after a 5 month gestation period.
After delivering her baby, Wai-Nei wakes up and sees King-Fung asleep by her bed. Yet she passed away later on, leaving King-Fung and her family members heartbroken. For the sake of Wai-Nei, King-Fung decides to lead life happily and take good care of their son, Kai-On.
Lap-Man also ends up with Nim-Yan in the end.
Critical response.
Fans of the show didn't like how Fiona Sit was so easily removed from the show very early in the series just as Joey Yung entered the story line. There was speculation that she couldn't commit a schedule to finish the series and so like many stars who previously worked on a continued TVB series and couldn't fully commit, they were simply "killed" or excused off to move along the plot. Several of the previous characters had unresolved plot lines, but the actors had different committed projects and so they were never re-visited or had brief returns. Various relationships were discontinued while other characters were re-cycled or actors repackaged as "new characters". TVB is most notorious for defying canon logic by continuing a series and reintroducing characters that had completely different roles compared to the last series. 
One of the biggest criticisms came about Winnie's death. While badly injured she had surgery and during all this time she wasn't placed in the Intensive Care Unit or rigged to any medical electronics to monitor her poor progress. She merely woke up and died in the morning without any nurses or medical alarms. Fans joked she was placed in the worst hospital for medical care.
Awards and nominations.
40th TVB Anniversary Awards (2007)

</doc>
<doc id="9816939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816939" title="Deroceras laeve">
Deroceras laeve

Deroceras laeve, the marsh slug, is a species of small air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Agriolimacidae.
Distribution.
The distribution of "Deroceras laeve" was originally Palearctic, from the subpolar zones to the southern margins. Today this slug species has been introduced worldwide except Antarctica, also on tropical islands such as New Guinea and on Pacific islands.
Europe:
Asia:
The Americas:
Description.
The slug is from brown to dark brown, usually with dark and characteristic but not well visible spots arranged in groups. The shape is almost cylindrical, posterior end is abruptly widened. The mantle covers 50% of body length (unusually large). There are wrinkles on skin present (may disappear in preserved slugs). Mucus is thin, colourless.
This slug is 15–25 mm long when preserved.
The populations of this species that occur in Central Europe are much darker than other "Deroceras" species in that area.
Reproductive system: Penis is often reduced, elongated if present, without proper penial gland but with two or more tiny glandular papillae and its end. Retractor is unforked and attached at half penis length, stimulator small, cone-shaped but looks more like a papilla. Tubular oviductus and atrium are unusually long. There is no rectal caecum.
Ecology.
Habitat.
"Deroceras laeve" has high ecological tolerance, but needs permanently wet habitats. It is usually found in lowlands and very humid habitats, swamps, riversides, wetlands, especially alder and oak woods, marshlands and degraded areas, also greenhouses, often near water under wood or detritus. It tolerates subpolar and tropical temperatures. Newly created habitats are often colonized after a few years. In Switzerland in up to 1800 m altitude, but usually below 1000 m, in Bulgaria in up to 2500 m.
"Deroceras laeve" can be a serious pest in greenhouses. On the other hand the species is threatened by continuous elimination of wet habitats by drainage, construction projects and road construction.
It is the only land gastropod that goes deliberately into the water and can survive for days submerged. Because of this unusual behavior, the species can be dispersed by flowing water.
Feeding habits.
These slugs are agile and crawl quickly. They are omnivorous, but live and dead plant remains are preferred.
Life cycle.
The eggs of this species can also survive when submerged; juveniles can hatch underwater and then climb to the surface.
The life cycle is extremely short, and can take place within less than a month. This species can have up to 5 generations in a year, with several generations alive at the same time. Frequently there are forms with a reduced penis, which reproduce by self-fertilisation. The maximum age of this slug is not more than 1 year.
Parasites.
Parasites of "Deroceras laeve" include:
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference 

</doc>
<doc id="9816958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816958" title="Jamaat al Dawa al Quran">
Jamaat al Dawa al Quran

Jamaat al Dawa al Quran is an Pakistani organization notable because American counter-terrorism analysts suspected it had ties to terrorism.
American counter-terrorism analysts transliterated the Arabic name into English inconsistently. American counter-terrorism analysts refer to the organization by the initials JDQ.
The American counter-terrorism analysts who prepared the allegations asserted that the JDQ was an extremist group. But it is not on any of the official US watchlists.

</doc>
<doc id="9816979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9816979" title="Sapir Report">
Sapir Report

__NOTOC__
An Agenda for a Growing Europe, also called The Sapir Report, is a report on the economy of the European Union edited by a panel of experts under the direction of André Sapir and published in July 2003. The report follows an initiative by Romano Prodi, President of the European Commission, notably to analyze the Lisbon Strategy.
André Sapir, who coordinated the redaction of the report, is now a Senior Fellow at the Bruegel think tank and a professor of Economics at "Université Libre de Bruxelles".

</doc>
<doc id="9817005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817005" title="Hayy ibn Yaqdhan">
Hayy ibn Yaqdhan

Ḥayy ibn Yaqẓān ( ""Alive, son of Awake""; ""The Self-Taught Philosopher""; ), the first Arabic novel, was written by Ibn Tufail (also known as "Aben Tofail" or "Ebn Tophail"), a Moorish philosopher and physician, in early 12th century Islamic Spain. The novel was itself named after an earlier Arabic allegorical tale and philosophical romance of the same name, written by Avicenna (Ave Cena) in the early 11th century, though they had different stories.
Ibn Tufail's "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" had a significant influence on Arabic literature, Persian literature, and European literature after it was translated in 1671 into Latin and then into several other European languages. The work also had a "profound influence" on both classical Islamic philosophy and modern Western philosophy, and became "one of the most important books that heralded the Scientific Revolution" and European Enlightenment. The novel is also considered a precursor to the European "bildungsroman" genre.
Plot summary.
Ibn Tufail drew the name of the tale and most of its characters from an earlier work by Ibn Sina (Avicenna), but the plot was very different, and the book was a new and innovative work in its own right. Avicenna's story was essentially a thought experiment about the active intellect, personified by an elderly sage, instructing the narrator, who represents the human rational soul, about the nature of the universe.
The plot of Ibn Tufail's more famous Arabic novel was inspired by Avicennism, Kalam, and Sufism, and was also intended as a thought experiment. Ibn Tufail's novel tells the story of an autodidactic feral child, raised by a gazelle and living alone on a desert island in the Indian Ocean. After his gazelle mother passes away when he is still a child, he dissects her body and performs an autopsy in order to find out what happened to her. The discovery that her death was due to a loss of innate heat sets him "on a road of scientific inquiry" and self-discovery.
Without contact with other human beings and solely by the exercise of his faculties, Hayy discovers ultimate truth through a systematic process of reasoned inquiry in seven phases of seven years each. Hayy ultimately comes into contact with civilization and religion when he meets a castaway named Absal. He determines that certain trappings of religion and civilization, namely imagery and dependence on material goods, are necessary for the multitude in order that they might have decent lives. However, he believes that imagery and material goods are distractions from the truth and ought to be abandoned by those whose reason recognizes that they are distractions
Ibn Tufail's book reflects one of the main concerns of Muslim philosophers (later also of Christian thinkers), that of reconciling philosophy with revelation. At the same time, the narrative anticipates in some ways both "Robinson Crusoe" and "". The story of "Hayy Ibn Yaqzan" is also similar to the later story of Mowgli in Rudyard Kipling's "The Jungle Book".
Philosophical themes.
"Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" dealt with many philosophical themes, especially in regards to epistemology. The thoughts expressed in the novel can be found "in different variations and to different degrees in the books of Thomas Hobbes, John Locke, Isaac Newton, and Immanuel Kant."
Ibn Tufail's "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" was written as both a continuation of Avicenna's version of the story and as a response to al-Ghazali's "The Incoherence of the Philosophers", which had criticized many of Avicenna's views. Ibn Tufail cited al-Farabi, Avicenna's Avicennism and al-Ghazali's Ash'ari theology as the main influences behind his work, as well as his teacher Ibn Bajjah (Avempace), Ibn Tumart, and Sufism.
Empiricism, tabula rasa, nature versus nurture.
In his "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan", Ibn Tufail was the first to demonstrate Avicenna's theories of empiricism and tabula rasa as a thought experiment in his novel, as he depicted the development of the mind of a feral child "from a tabula rasa to that of an adult, in complete isolation from society" on a deserted island. The Latin translation of his work, entitled "Philosophus Autodidactus", published by Edward Pococke the Younger in 1671, inspired John Locke's formulation of tabula rasa in "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding", which went on to become one of the principal sources of empiricism in modern Western philosophy, and influenced many Enlightenment philosophers, such as David Hume and George Berkeley. The theory of tabula rasa later gave rise to the nature versus nurture debate in modern psychology.
Conditions of possibility.
In "Hayy ibn Yaqzan", Ibn Tufail was also "the first author in the history of philosophy to ask himself the question" of the "conditions of possibility" of thought. He asked himself the questions "how does thought manifest itself" and "what is structure?" His answer was that "the most humble experience is already, by itself, structured like a thought."
Materialism.
Hayy determines that certain trappings of civilization, namely imagery and dependence on material goods, are necessary for the multitude in order that they might have decent lives. However, he believes that imagery and material goods are distractions from the truth and ought to be abandoned by those whose reason recognizes that they are distractions. Hayy's ideas on materialism in the novel also have some similarities to Karl Marx's historical materialism.
Molyneux problem.
Ibn Tufail also foreshadowed Molyneux's Problem, an unsolved problem in philosophy proposed by William Molyneux to Locke, who included it in the second book of "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding". Ibn Tufail wrote the following in "Hayy ibn Yaqzan":
Influence and legacy.
"Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" had a significant influence on Arabic literature, Persian literature, and European literature, and went on to become an influential best-seller throughout Western Europe in the 17th and 18th centuries. The work also had a "profound influence" on both Islamic philosophy and modern Western philosophy. It became "one of the most important books that heralded the Scientific Revolution" and European Enlightenment, and the thoughts expressed in the novel can be found "in different variations and to different degrees in the books of Thomas Hobbes, John Locke, Isaac Newton, and Immanuel Kant." George Sarton considered the novel "one of the most original books of the Middle Ages."
Middle East.
In the late 12th century, Avicenna's original Persian version of "Hayy ibn Yaqzan" inspired Shahab al-Din Suhrawardi to write "Story of Western Loneliness", in which he began the story from where Avicenna ended "Hayy ibn Yaqzan".
In the 13th century, Ibn Tufail's "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" inspired Ibn al-Nafis to write the first theological novel, "Al-Risalah al-Kamiliyyah fil Siera al-Nabawiyyah" ("The Treatise of Kamil on the Prophet's Biography"), known in the West as "Theologus Autodidactus", written as a critical response to Ibn Tufail's "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" and in defense of some of al-Ghazali's views. Ibn al-Nafis' novel was also later translated into English in the early 20th century as "Theologus Autodidactus".
In 2001, an Arabic animated cartoon, "Hay - The Gazelle Child", was produced as an adaptation of Ibn Tufail's "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan".
Europe.
A Latin translation of Ibn Tufail's work, entitled "Philosophus Autodidactus", was first published in 1671, prepared by Edward Pococke the Younger, who had completed the translation prior to 1660. The novel inspired the concept of tabula rasa developed in "An Essay Concerning Human Understanding" (1690) by John Locke, who was a student of Pococke, and who referred to his translation as a "novelty". "Philosophus Autodidactus" also inspired Robert Boyle, another acquaintance of Pococke, to write his own philosophical novel set on an island, "The Aspiring Naturalist".
The first English translation of the novel was published by George Ashwell in 1686, based on Pococke's Latin translation. The first English translation of the Arabic original, entitled "The Improvement of Human Reason: Exhibited in the Life of Hai Ebn Yokdhan", was published shortly after by Simon Ockley in 1708, followed by two more English translations. Baruch Spinoza also read the work and soon encouraged a Dutch translation, which was published by his friend Johannes Bouwmeester in 1672. Another Dutch translation, "De natuurlijke wijsgeer", was published by Adriaan Reland in 1701.
There were also two German translations of the novel, the first based on the Latin translation and the second based on the Arabic original. One of these translations was read by Gottfried Leibniz, who praised it as an excellent example of classical Arabic philosophy. In Paris, Pococke's agent also wrote to him stating that he "delivered a copy to the Sorbonne for which they were very thankful, being much delighted with it."
In 1719, one of the English translations of "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" inspired Daniel Defoe to write "Robinson Crusoe", which was also set on a deserted island and was regarded as the first novel in English. 
The story of "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" also anticipated Jean-Jacques Rousseau's "" in some ways, and is also similar to the later story of Mowgli in Rudyard Kipling's "The Jungle Book". Both Rousseau and Kipling were likely to have been influenced by "Hayy ibn Yaqzan". Other early modern European scholars and writers who were also influenced by "Philosophus Autodidactus" include Melchisédech Thévenot, John Wallis, Christiaan Huygens, George Keith, Robert Barclay, the Quakers, Samuel Hartlib, Karl Marx, and Voltaire.
North America.
The English translation of "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" was known to the Royal Society and the New England Company in North America by 1721, when Cotton Mather's "The Christian Philosopher" cited "Hayy ibn Yaqdhan" as an influence. Despite condemning the 'Mahometans' as infidels, Mather viewed the protagonist of the novel, Hayy, as a model for his ideal 'Christian philosopher' and 'monotheistic scientist'. Mather also viewed Hayy as a noble savage and applied this in the context of attempting to understand the Native American 'Indians' in order to convert them to Puritan Christianity.

</doc>
<doc id="9817008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817008" title="1999 Arena Football League season">
1999 Arena Football League season

The 1999 Arena Football League season was the 13th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Albany Firebirds, who defeated the Orlando Predators in ArenaBowl XIII.

</doc>
<doc id="9817041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817041" title="List of naval and land-based operations in Pacific Theater during World War II">
List of naval and land-based operations in Pacific Theater during World War II

List of codenames of naval and land based operations in the Pacific Theater during World War II including Japan, Oceania, and the Pacific Rim.

</doc>
<doc id="9817050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817050" title="Spartan Executive">
Spartan Executive

The Spartan 7W Executive was the most popular and well-known aircraft produced by the Spartan Aircraft Company during the late 1930s and early 1940s. The 7W features an all metal fuselage as well as a retractable undercarriage. Designed specifically for a wealthy clientele, the 7W Executive was popular with affluent buyers worldwide.
Development.
Designed for comfort, the interior of the 7W was spacious and featured of slide-back seat room for front-seat passengers, arm rests, ash trays, dome lighting, deep cushions, cabin heaters, ventilators, extensive soundproofing, large windows, and interior access to the capacity luggage compartment. Built during the Great Depression, the 7W was the brainchild of company-founder William G. Skelly of Skelly Oil who desired a fast, comfortable aircraft to support his tastes and those of his rich oil-executive colleagues.
The Executive's high performance allowed the aircraft to compete in the 1939 Bendix Air Races piloted by Arlene Davis where it earned fifth place. A military variant of the 7W Executive with a greenhouse canopy covering a tandem cockpit was produced by Spartan with a more powerful Pratt & Whitney Wasp engine and named the Spartan 8W Zeus.
Notable owners.
Only 34 7W Executives were built. Notable owners of 7Ws included aircraft designer and aviator Howard Hughes, wealthy industrialist J. Paul Getty, and King Ghazi of Iraq. King Ghazi's Spartan Executive was designated "Eagle of Iraq" and was specially outfitted with his Coat of Arms, an extra-luxurious interior, and many additional customized features.
Military Operators.
3 Examples based in Montreal, formerly Royal Air Force examples used in California.
The second prototype was exported to China and serialed 1309. It was damaged beyond repair and captured by the Japanese who displayed it along with other captured Chinese aircraft.
At least one example was received by the by LAPE (Líneas Aéreas Postales Españolas) to be used as an airliner marked as EC-AGM until requisitioned by the Spanish Republican Air Force and marked as 30+74. It was later captured by the Nationalists. Several others were purchased by the Republicans but don't seem to have made it past the Mexican docks.
1 Example impressed as AX666, was originally built for King Ghazi of Iraq. Used by No. 1 Photographic Reconnaissance Unit RAF.
3 Examples with serials KD100, KD101 & KD102 were used in California for flight training.
16 Examples impressed from civil owners. All but two survived to return to civil service.

</doc>
<doc id="9817096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817096" title="Ari Koivunen">
Ari Koivunen

Ari Koivunen (born June 7, 1984, Kouvola) is a Finnish heavy metal singer who rose to fame as the winner of the Finnish singing competition "Idols" in 2007. Koivunen is vocalist of the Finnish metal band Amoral.
Biography.
Early life.
Ari Koivunen was born in Kouvola, Finland on June 7, 1984, and throughout his life, he had a passion for music. He has a background of singing and playing drums in bands for several years. In 2005, he won the Finnish Karaoke Championships and was placed third in the Karaoke World Championships the same year. Ari is the winner of the Finnish "Idols" – competition, which was his absolute breakthrough in 2007. Both in Finland and abroad he gained a lot of attention because he mainly chose to perform metal and rock songs in this competition. Koivunen tells of his earlier career as follows.
Early career.
Ari Koivunen's debut album, Fuel for the Fire, was officially released on the 30th of May 2007, although the album had already been released for download sale on the 21st of May 2007. The songs for the album were made by well known Finnish metal musicians and song writers such as Janne Joutsenniemi (SubUrban Tribe, Stone), Jarkko Ahola (Teräsbetoni), Marco Hietala (Nightwish, Tarot), Timo Tolkki (Stratovarius) and Tony Kakko (Sonata Arctica), among others. Recording musicians were Tuomas Wäinölä (Kotipelto, Nylon Beat), Mikko Kosonen (Maija Vilkkumaa), Nino Laurenne (Thunderstone), Mirka Rantanen (Thunderstone), Mikko Kaakuriniemi (Kotipelto), Pasi Heikkilä (45 Degree Woman) and Janne Wirman (Children Of Bodom). 
The first single from that album, "Hear My Call", was released on May 11, 2007.
During the first week of sales "Fuel For The Fire" jumped immediately to the top of the official album chart, and by June 7, 2007 it had already achieved platinum status with over 40,000 albums sold. Koivunen's album is one of the fastest selling records in Finnish music history, with over 10,000 copies sold in the first week of sales. "Fuel For The Fire" remained the number one album in Finland for twelve weeks after its release. The album reached double-platinum status (60,000 units) in October 2007. “Fuel For The Fire" was released in Japan in October 2007.
"Ari Koivunen" live band was put together in spring 2007 mainly from people Ari had known for a longer time. Their first concert together took place in May 2007. In the first year the group played over 100 gigs.
On June 11, 2008, Ari Koivunen (the band) published the second album Becoming. The album was once again produced by Nino Laurenne and Pasi Heikkilä. The major part of the songs were made for this album by Ari Koivunen band. Luca Gargano (guitar) and Mauro Gargano (drums) were part of the band from the beginning until 2008 and also participated the recording session of the "Becoming"-album. 
"Becoming" debuted on No 1 on the Official Finnish album chart and received gold status (over 15 000 copies sold) after only one week's sales. "Becoming" was released in Japan on June 25 and in Germany on October 10, 2008.
Ari Koivunen played about 160 gigs in Finland during the years 2007-2008 and in Tokyo, Japan 2 gigs at the end of May 2008.
Amoral.
On November 25, 2008, technical death metal band Amoral announced Ari as their lead vocalist. He made his vocal debut with Amoral in the studio album Show Your Colors May 6, 2009. The album is the fourth official release in Amoral's history but the first one with Ari Koivunen as their vocalist. "Show Your Colors" reached Finland's chart-position No 19 in the first week. The album was released in the UK May 11, in Germany May 22, in The US. and Canada June 9 and in Japan July 22, 2009. There are two singles released of the album: "Year Of The Suckerpunch" and "Gave Up Easy".
Amoral's second album Beneath with Ari was released 26 October 2011. The Japan edition was out October 19, 2011. The first single was "Same Difference" and the second single, and the first video, was "Silhouette". Silhouette has both electric and acoustic versions, from which the acoustic one is the original. The second video was made from the punk rock oriented track ”Wrapped In Barbwire”, which pays obeisance to Guns N' Roses video "Garden of Eden". February 14, 2012 "Beneath" was released in the US via The End Records and in Mexico it was published February 15. In Russia it was out March 27, 2012 via Fono Records. The album was ranked by public voting as the fourth best domestic metal album at the Finnish Metal Awards 2011. and Ari as the 4th best vocalist.
Amoral´s 6th album, 3rd with Ari, Fallen Leaves & Dead Sparrows was released in Finland on February 14, 2014 and as digital all over the world. In Europe the album was released on March. The album was produced by Ben Varon. Marco Hietala produced the vocals of Ari. The music is more progressive than ever on Amoral´s albums and it has more metallic touch as their 2 previous albums. The album has received predominantly very positive reviews from metal magazines and webzines around Finland, Europe and USA. The band has been praised for their instrumental and vocal skills and liberated versatile music. "Fallen Leaves & Dead Sparrows" reached Finland's chart-position No 18 in the first week and stayd on charts 2 weeks. The first video Blueprints was published on March 2014.
Ari Koivunen has toured with Amoral in Finland and in Europe from 2009 on. Ari bebyted with Amoral in USA at SXSW event and in China in spring 2012. The band performed also in Japan at the same tour. Ari was touring 2nd time in Europe with Amoral in autumn 2012, when Amoral supported Ensiferum at the "Bearers of the Swords -2012" tour.
The band toured in Asia in April–May 2013 playing at Pulp Summer Slam festival in The Philippines and at Peking and Shanghai Midi Festivals in China. The festival in Peking was the biggest one in the band´s history with an audience of 10 000 people.
Other projects.
Beside Amoral, Ari plays also solo and duo shows among others with his previous band mates, Erkka Korhonen and Luca Gargano.
Ari has performed at the Raskasta Joulua (Heavy Christmas) - tour in Finland each year since 2007 with a group of well known Finnish metal vocalists. In 2013 the tour was played just in big concert halls, when they earlier performed also in clubs. Heavy Christmas released an album "Raskasta Joulua" in 2013. The album has sold Platinum (over 20 000 pcs) in Finland 
. Ari sings in the album a traditional Finnish Christmas song "Arkihuolesi kaikki heitä" and with the other vocalists the single "Tulkoon Joulu".
Bands.
"Ari Koivunen (2007-)"
The former members:
"Amoral (2000-)"
Discography.
The following is a complete discography of every album and single released by Finnish rock and metal music artist Ari Koivunen.
Idols Story.
"Idols" 2007.
In late 2006, Koivunen auditioned for the third season of the Finnish singing competition "Idols", which had had a prolonged break since 2005's second series. Prior to auditioning, he had been working as a bartender. His strong and very distinctive voice impressed the panel of judges (Asko Kallonen, Nina Tapio and Jone Nikula) and he was passed through to the next round of the competition. He was then granted a place in the semi-finals, which would allow the public to decide which contestants would make it into the live final rounds. In his semi-final round, Koivunen received a massive public vote of 86%, thereby allowing him to breeze through to the live finals.
"Idols" Performances.
A resident of Lahti, Koivunen breezed into the finals after winning 86% of the public vote for his rendition of Billy Joel's "Piano Man". On the first of March, 2007, Koivunen reserved himself a place in the second round of competition with his version of Deep Purple's "Perfect Strangers".
Koivunen moved into the third round of competition on March 8 with his performance of the Iron Maiden classic "The Evil That Men Do".
On the 15th of March, Koivunen made it into the fourth round of competition, singing the Whitesnake hit, "Here I Go Again". Despite some criticism from the judges for singing only heavy metal songs in the finals, Koivunen was unperturbed. "I don't see any reason to consider what people might like, since it seems they like the same thing I do," said Koivunen. At the end of the evening, Koivunen, the six other Idols finalists, and three of the semifinalists were presented with gold records for their album "Idols 2007", which sold over 15,000 copies in the two days after its release.
The fourth Idols final was held on March 22, and Koivunen chose to sing, in keeping with the week's theme, two songs by his own idols, the Led Zeppelin hit "Rock and Roll" and "Hunting High and Low" by the Finnish metal band Stratovarius. The judges, however, were not pleased with Koivunen's continuance of the heavy metal line, and gave him an unprecedented four negative reviews. The voting public was of a different opinion, as Koivunen again made it into the next round without being in danger of elimination.
The fifth Idols final was held on March 29, and Koivunen won over the judges completely with his version of the Broadcast ballad "You Break My Heart". For his second song, Koivunen sang the Finnish hit "Sielut iskee tulta" by the heavy metal band Kilpi. With these performances, Koivunen made it to the Idols final which was held on April 6, 2007 in the Helsinki Ice Hall, where he defeated his fellow competitor Anna Abreu by gaining 57% of the public vote. Koivunen sang the Sonata Arctica song "FullMoon" (which he also sang in the auditions), the Soundgarden hit "Black Hole Sun" (chosen by the judges), the Scorpions ballad "Still Loving You" and the song "On the Top of the World" which was composed for the Idols winner.
As his reward for winning Idols 2007, Koivunen received a recording contract with Sony BMG, and an advance payment of 30,000 Euros. His first solo single was "On Top Of the World", the song composed for the Idols winner. He had already sung with the other Idols finalists on the single "Pop-musiikkia"

</doc>
<doc id="9817106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817106" title="European Criterium">
European Criterium

European Criterium is Club's Cup of Europe - series of international figure skating competitions, held for European skaters since season 1997/1998.
The competitions are organised in the following age categories :
The skaters take part in several events where they earn points for the places taken. They are all counted together and the final standings "(Coppa Europa)" are based on them and lead to the final competition.
Competitions.
Some of the competitions have gradually earned their own names, which are :
Events by season.
Season 2005/2006.
Final Standings .
Season 2004/2005.
Final Standings .
Season 2003/2004.
Final Standings .
Season 2002/2003.
Final Standings .
Season 2001/2002.
Final Standings .
Season 2000/2001.
Final Standings .
Season 1999/2000.
Final Standings .
Season 1998/1999.
Final Standings .
Season 1997/1998.
Final Standings .

</doc>
<doc id="9817124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817124" title="Russian philatelic forgeries">
Russian philatelic forgeries

Russian stamps have been extensively forged. Both rare and common stamps have been forged and certain stamps, for instance those of the "Army of the North", are more common forged than genuine.
Types.
Forgeries of Russian stamps can be divided into the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="9817129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817129" title="List of spits">
List of spits

There are many examples of spits around the world. Some of which include:

</doc>
<doc id="9817133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817133" title="1919 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1919 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1919 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 14th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. After not being played for four years during World War I, the competition resumed with four teams challenging Australia for the cup. Australia had participated in winning the 1914 competition with New Zealand as Australasia, which is why Australia was the team being challenged. Australia won the title from Great Britain. The final was played at the Double Bay Grounds in Sydney, Australia on 16–21 January 1920. 

</doc>
<doc id="9817142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817142" title="Curtis Jordan">
Curtis Jordan

Curtis Wayne Jordan (born January 25, 1954) is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Washington Redskins. He played college football at Texas Tech University and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1976 NFL Draft.
Since retiring from football in 1986, Jordan has been involved in the restaurant business in Lubbock. His interest in restaurants was sparked during the 1982 NFL players strike. Jordan was involved in the operation of several East Coast restaurants before returning to Lubbock, where he owns Cujo's Sportz Bar, 50th Street Caboose, and the Copper Caboose. In July 2009, he opened the first Five Guys Burgers and Fries chain outlet in Lubbock. Within five weeks, the restaurant was ranked No. 2 in Texas for sales.

</doc>
<doc id="9817151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817151" title="Jackie Barnes">
Jackie Barnes

Jackie Barnes is a Thai Australian musician. He has been performing since the age of five and has appeared on almost a dozen albums since 1990. He is currently the drummer in father Jimmy Barnes' band. He is also currently touring with renowned group The Ten Tenors and just completed their World Tour 2013.
Early life.
Born in Sydney on 4 February 1986, he was the third child of Barnes and his wife Jane and their first and only son. His half-brother is Jimmy Barnes' oldest child, singer and actor David Campbell. Jackie Barnes was born while his father was touring the U.S. with ZZ Top and named after Soul singer Jackie Wilson. Within days of his birth, his mother took him and his sisters to America to join their father on tour.
When he was four, he joined older sisters Mahalia and Eliza-Jane for the recording sessions of their father's "Two Fires" album. Their voices are among the children's choir that features on the track "When Your Love is Gone".
From the age of five he formed part of the children's singing group the Tin Lids (after Glaswegian rhyming slang for "kids") with sisters Elly-May, Eliza-Jane and Mahalia. The Tin Lids recorded three albums between 1991 and 1994, all of which achieved platinum sales. They were also each nominated for an ARIA Award for Best Children's Album.
After finishing high school, Barnes began touring with "The Jimmy Barnes Band". In 2005, Barnes won the position of drummer and backing vocalist in that same band. He recorded the song "Same Woman" as a duet with father on the 2005 album "Double Happiness" that topped the ARIA charts. Since then he has been able to work with artists including his uncles John Swan and Diesel, Keith Urban, Jonathan Cain, Neal Schon, Steve Morse, Joe Bonamassa, Andrew Roachford and Glenn Hughes to name a few.
In 2010 he graduated with a Bachelor of Music majoring in drum performance at Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.. At Berklee he had been able to study with the likes of Kenwood Dennard, Eguie Castrillo, Rod Morgenstein and Dave DiCenso.
Jackie recorded the drums on the 2007 Jimmy Barnes album "Out In The Blue" as well as on the DVD "Max Sessions- Live At The Sydney Opera House" and then in 2008 he played drums on the Jimmy Barnes "Live At The Enmore" DVD.
Album Releases.
Tin Lids 
Jimmy Barnes 
Diesel 
Nick Hardcastle 
The 12th Man 
Mahalia Barnes 
EJ Barnes 
Single Releases.
Tin Lids 
Jimmy Barnes
Jimmy Barnes & Mahalia Barnes
DVD releases.
Jimmy Barnes 

</doc>
<doc id="9817160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817160" title="Na Mom District">
Na Mom District

Na Mom () is a district ("Amphoe") of Songkhla Province, southern Thailand.
History.
The district was at first the "tambon" Thung Phra Khian (ทุ่งพระเคียน) of Hat Yai district, which was changed into "tambon" Na Mom in 1943. On April 30, 1981 it was made the minor district ("King Amphoe") Na Mom, together with three further "tambon" from Hat Yai district. It was upgraded to a full district on July 4, 1994.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mueang Songkhla, Chana and Hat Yai.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 4 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 29 villages ("muban"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas within the district, and further 4 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9817194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817194" title="CFTH">
CFTH

The acronym CFTH may represent:

</doc>
<doc id="9817208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817208" title="Cannes-Écluse">
Cannes-Écluse

Cannes-Écluse is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Cannois".

</doc>
<doc id="9817223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817223" title="Norman and Medieval London">
Norman and Medieval London

This article covers the history of London from the Norman conquest of England in 1066 to the late 15th century.
Norman invasion.
The Norman invasion of Britain in 1066 is usually considered to be the beginning of the a new era in English history. William, Duke of Normandy, killed English king Harold Godwinson in the Battle of Hastings. Having conquered Hampshire and Kent, William and his army turned to London. Having failed to cross London bridge at Southwark, William's army marched clockwise around London and waited to the north-west at Berkhamsted. Where, having realised that resistance was pointless, a delegation from London arrived to surrender the city, and recognise William as King. William soon granted a charter for London in 1067 which upheld previous Saxon rights, privileges and laws. 
Under William (now known as William the Conqueror) several royal forts were constructed along the riverfront of London (the Tower of London, Baynard's Castle and Montfichet's Castle) to defend against seaborne attacks by Vikings and prevent rebellions. Its growing self-government became firm with election rights granted by King John in 1199 and 1215.
Buildings.
In 1097 William Rufus, the son of William the Conqueror began the construction of Westminster Hall. The hall was to become the basis of the Palace of Westminster which, throughout the Medieval period, was the prime royal residence. In 1089/90 William had given the royal manor of Bermondsey for the site of Bermondsey Abbey, founded in 1082 by Alwinus Child, a citizen of London. The new abbey thus lay directly across the Thames from the White Tower, then still under construction. In 1123 the Augustinian Priory Church of St Bartholomew-the-Great was founded at West Smithfield in the City of London. Whilst only the chancel of this once large church now survives, as a parish church, the entire nave having been demolished, it is one of the most important remnants of Norman architecture in London.
In 1176 construction began of the most famous incarnation of London Bridge (completed in 1209) which was built on the site of several earlier wooden bridges. This bridge would last for 600 years, and remained the only bridge across the River Thames until 1739.
War and revolt.
May 1216 saw the last time that London was truly occupied by a continental armed force, during the First Barons' War. This was when the young Louis VIII of France marched through the streets to St Paul's Cathedral. Throughout the city and in the cathedral he was celebrated as the new ruler.
It was expected that this would free the English from the tyranny of King John. This was only temporarily true. The barons supporting the 29-year old French prince decided to throw their support back to an English king when John died. Over the next several hundred years, London would shake off the heavy French cultural and linguistic influence which had been there since the times of the Norman conquest. The city, like Dover, would figure heavily into the development of Early Modern English.
During the Peasants' Revolt of 1381 led by Wat Tyler, London was invaded. A group of peasants stormed the Tower of London and executed the Lord Chancellor, Archbishop Simon Sudbury, and the Lord Treasurer. The peasants looted the city and set fire to numerous buildings. Tyler was stabbed to death by the Lord Mayor William Walworth in a confrontation at Smithfield, thus ending the revolt.
During the Wars of the Roses there was strong support in London for the Yorkist cause. The Lancastrian Henry VI was forced to leave London for the Midlands in 1456 due to hostile attitudes in the capital. He was later captured and kept for five years in the Tower of London. London was eventually captured by the Yorkist Edward IV in 1471, and Henry executed. This established the Yorkist claim on the throne and ended the first phase of the Wars of the Roses.
Capital of England.
In the early Middle Ages, England had no fixed capital per se; Kings moved from place to place taking their court with them. The closest thing to a capital was Winchester where the royal treasury and financial records were stored. This changed from about 1200 when these were moved to Westminster. From this point on, Royal government became increasingly centered upon Westminster, which steadily became the de facto capital.
In the Middle Ages, Westminster was a small town up river from the City of London. From the 13th century onwards London grew up in two different parts. Westminster became the Royal capital and centre of government, whereas the City of London became the centre of commerce and trade, a distinction which is still evident to this day. The area between them became entirely urbanised by 1600.
Trade and commerce.
Trade and commerce grew steadily during the Middle Ages, and London grew rapidly as a result. In 1100 London's population was little more than 15,000. By 1300 it had grown to roughly 80,000. Trade in London was organised into various guilds, which effectively controlled the city, and elected the Lord Mayor of London.
Fire and plague.
Medieval London was made up of narrow and twisting streets, and most of the buildings were made from combustible materials such as wood and straw, which made fire a constant threat. Sanitation in London was poor. London lost at least half of its population during the Black Death in the mid-14th century. Between 1348 and the Great Plague of 1666 there were sixteen outbreaks of plague in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="9817232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817232" title="Seeley W. Mudd">
Seeley W. Mudd

Col. Seeley Wintersmith Mudd (1861–1926) was a mining engineer. 
Biography.
Early life.
He was born in Kirkwood, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri on August 16, 1861. He attended Washington University of St. Louis, where he graduated in 1883 with a degree in mining engineering. 
Career.
In December 1885, he moved to Leadville, Colorado, to work at the Small Hopes silver mine, then in bonanza. He became the mine’s manager in the summer of 1887. 
In 1901, he and his family (wife Della Mullock and sons Harvey S. Mudd and Seeley G. Mudd) moved to Los Angeles, California, where he worked as a consulting engineer for the Guggenheim Exploration Company. He acquired his first capital by choosing to receive a percent of the findings instead of a fixed salary. In 1907 he started up the Ray Copper Mine in Arizona, which is still in production.
In early 1914, just before World War I, he partnered with Charles Godfrey Gunther for a drilling opportunity in the island of Cyprus, where evidence of Roman and Phoenician mining of Copper ore had been found. After obtaining permission from the British government, which was ruling Cyprus at the time, Cyprus Mines Corporation was formally launched and in March 1916 and shares of stock authorized. In the same year, he applied for a commission in the Engineer Officers Reserve Corps, and on February 12, 1917, he received his commission as a Major. In 1918 he became a Colonel in the U.S. Army.
Legacy.
The Engineering building at Columbia University was named in his honor, as was the School of Philosophy building at the University of Southern California.

</doc>
<doc id="9817256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817256" title="Mayumana troupe">
Mayumana troupe

Mayumana () is an Israeli dance troupe that combines dance, song and percussion.
History.
Mayumana was established in Tel Aviv by Eylon Nuphar and Boaz Berman in 1996.
The name of the troupe is derived from the Hebrew word for "skill." 
In 1996-2007, Mayumana performed over 5,000 shows in 30 countries, reaching an audience of more than 3.5 million people. 
Mayumana's "BE" show was performed with an international cast of dancers, actors, gymnasts, musicians and singers. The show uses instruments, voices and bodies to create a "visual smorgasbord of dance, movement and theater." 
"Momentum", created by Eylon Nuphar and Boaz Berman, is a rhythmic dance performance in which the dancers drum on boxes, buckets and floors with their hands and feet.
Mayumana also performs a children's show, ADRABA. In 2006, the troupe collaborated with Israeli singer/songwriter David Broza.
Media.
In 2011, the Arava Power Company, an Israeli solar energy firm, partnered with Mayumana to create a promotional video for the Israel EcoCinema Festival. The video was used a second time as Arava Power Company’s video-invitation to the historic launch of Ketura Sun, the first solar field in Israel.
Awards.
Mayumana won the Award for Excellence in Theater Production by Israel's National Academy of Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="9817257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817257" title="Carnetin">
Carnetin

Carnetin is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Carnetinois".

</doc>
<doc id="9817268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817268" title="John Henry Malamah Thomas">
John Henry Malamah Thomas

John Henry Malamah Thomas (1844–1922) was a Sierra Leonean entrepreneur and a long serving mayor of Freetown, Sierra Leone.
Life.
John Henry Thomas was born in Hastings, a suburb of Freetown of Creole recaptive parents, and his father died when he was three years old. John Henry Malamah Thomas is an outstanding example of a self-made magnate. He promoted trade between Colony and "up-country", served as Mayor of Freetown eight times, and became an unofficial member of the Legislative Council in 1907.
Born at Hastings of Aku recaptive parents, his father died when he was three years old. Malamah Thomas started school in 1845, but the family's straitened circumstances made it necessary for him to spend the better part of his time helping his mother in her bid to make ends meet. At the age of fourteen, John left school and entered upon a business career. Starting as a clerk/trainee with a number of business concerns, he later set out on his own.
He started his business with a loan of £100 secured from a friend, Dr. Robert Smith. He built a factory on the Rokel River at a place called Malamah — that was how he came by the nickname "Malamah". Some years later, he closed his business on the Rokel and moved to the Scarcies where he worked as an agent of the Compagnie du Senegal (later Compagnie Francaise de L'Afrique Occidental, popularly known as CFAO). But before taking up his post on the Scarcies in 1882 he opened a small shop in Freetown under the management of his wife.
Six years later, Malamah Thomas resigned the CFAO agency and returned to Freetown to operate his business. Bringing his twenty-three years of commercial experience to bear upon the running of the business, it quickly expanded and prospered, and Thomas became one of the leading merchants in the city. He traded chiefly in cloth fabrics, and patented in England his own brand of cotton known as "Malamah baft". The beautiful "Malamah House" he built at East Street stands today as an eloquent monument of his commercial prowess and success.
Thomas also served both church and state. He was for thirteen years warden of Holy Trinity Church of which he later became Treasurer. In 1891, he was appointed Charity Commissioner, and became Commissioner of the Peace in 1894. In the Freetown municipal elections of 1903, he entered the City Council for the East Ward. In 1904, he was elected Mayor of Freetown, and held that position eight years.
When in 1907, he was appointed an unofficial member of the Legislative Council, members of the Hastings Re-Union Committee presented him with a Silver Cup in recognition of his "present position as a native merchant of sterling repute, a Justice of the Peace, thrice a City Magistrate, and now a member of the Legislative Council".
His political activities went beyond Sierra Leone. He became President of the local branch of the National Congress of British West Africa, a body formed in 1920, advocating united political agitation for self-government among the African peoples of British West Africa. He supported the Congress with both his money and time.
John Henry Malamah Thomas died in Freetown on January 18, 1922. He was deeply mourned, and the glowing tribute in the local "Sierra Leone Weekly News" was testimony to the contribution he made to the development of Sierra Leone.
please see About the Family at www.malamah.com</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="9817280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817280" title="Doriot Climatic Chambers">
Doriot Climatic Chambers

The Doriot Climatic Chambers (DCCs) are a pair of very large, highly specialized wind tunnels/environmental chambers located at the U.S. Army’s Soldier Systems Center (SSC) in Natick, Massachusetts. Built in 1952, the Chambers are a unique facility, capable of simulating an extreme range of global weather conditions for the testing of both the physical properties of military equipment and the physiology and adaptations of human subjects. 
A variety of tenants utilize the DCCs, which are operated by the U.S. Army Research, Development, and Engineering Command (RDECOM). 
History.
The DCCs were constructed from 1952 to 1954 at the time of the founding of what is now the U.S. Army Research, Development, and Engineering Command (RDECOM) and Center.
At a rededication ceremony on 24 August 1994, the facility was named for Brigadier General Georges F. Doriot (1899–1987), a French-American who, during World War II, worked with a large staff in the Quartermaster Corps to develop, test and quickly field improved clothing and equipment for the U.S. soldier. 
Continual technology upgrades are required to maintain the DCCs as state-of-the-art facilities for climatic testing. A major renovation was completed in 1996.
Research.
Users.
A number of tenants of the SSC utilize the DCCs including USARIEM, the NCTRF, and the USMC. 
Equipment testing.
Examples of military equipment evaluated at the DCC include tents, parachutes, heaters, airbeams, medical devices and wild mills. The heat transfer properties of a wide range of new protective military clothing are tested at the DCC. Constant control of temperature (to within +/- 1°F) is possible with simultaneous control of both wind and humidity. (Other chambers in the world have only two-environmental-parameter capability, making the DCCs unique.) External observer and test monitoring areas have electronic data acquisition systems to record a variety of testing parameters and provide customized plotting, graphing and printouts. 
Human research.
The DCCs are man rated for human safety. Human research in the DCC is aimed at the prevention of injuries and the minimizing of performance decrements in order to enhance overall operational effectiveness. The Chambers simulate types of environmental conditions that soldiers may encounter in the course of their real world duties. Soldier (and civilian) volunteers walk or run on treadmills to simulate a variety of work rates at different environmental extremes. Each chamber has two 5-person treadmills that can operate up to at a 12% grade. A facility kitchen prepares meals to test the effects of nutrition on physical performance. The DCCs include a dormitory facility for sleep studies as well as dressing rooms, showers and laundering facilities which support prolonged live-in studies. 
Specifications and capabilities.
The dimensions of each of the two wind tunnels (Tropic Wind Tunnel and Arctic Wind Tunnel) are 60 by 10 by . Equipment scheduled for testing enters the tunnels via high by long doors. In addition, chambers of 30 by 18 by occupy the area at the back of each tunnel. 

</doc>
<doc id="9817295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817295" title="Scott Scharff">
Scott Scharff

Scott Scharff (born February 7, 1982 in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin) is a former American football defensive lineman who is currently retired from the National Football League (NFL). He previously spent two and a half seasons with the San Francisco 49ers and the New Orleans Saints. He played college football at Stanford.
Professional career.
San Francisco 49ers.
Signed as an undrafted free agent following the 2005 NFL Draft choosing the San Francisco 49ers over offers from 5 other teams. After training camp was placed on the practice squad for the 2005-2006 season. Allocated to NFL Europe during the off-season. Upon his return, Scharff spent the 2006-2007 training camp with the 49ers. Scharff was waived at the conclusion of training camp and promptly signed by the New Orleans Saints.
Hamburg Sea Devils.
Allocated to NFL Europe by the San Francisco 49ers on January 11, 2006. Started all 10 games at defensive end for the Hamburg Sea Devils. Led all players in NFL Europe with 6.0 sacks. Honored by being named First Team All-NFL Europe for his performance during the 2006 season.
New Orleans Saints.
Was obtained off waivers from the San Francisco 49ers. He was placed on the practice squad for the majority of the 2006-2007 season. On November 29, 2006 was elevated to the 53-man active roster for week 12 vs the San Francisco 49ers. Suffered a season ending knee injury (ACL, MCL, Meniscus) during practice later that same day. Underwent reconstructive surgery and was placed on the injured reserve for the remainder of the season. After spending the off-season rehabilitating the injury, Scharff was re-signed to the team for the 2007-2008 season. He was released by the Saints at the end of training camp.
College career.
Stanford University.
Scharff played college football at Stanford where he was a three-time letter winner and team co-captain. While at Stanford, Scharff majored in Sociology with a concentration in Business, Organizations, and Economics with a minor in Public Policy.
2004.
Started all 11 games at Defensive End. He tallied 23 tackles, 11 of which were solo, 1.0 sacks, 2.0 tackles for loss, 4 passes deflected, and 1 blocked kick. Lettered for the third season.
2003.
Was a backup defensive tackle who played in 10 of 11 games and lettered for the second-consecutive season. He provided the Cardinal with a quality defensive tackle coming off the bench. Scharff had 8.0 tackles, 2.0 fumble recoveries, and 1.0 blocked kick. Missed one game (Oregon, 10/25) after sustaining a torn ACL, MCL, and Meniscus in his left knee. Despite the injury, Scharff finished out the season, playing the final five games in a brace , and underwent arthroscopic ACL surgery at the conclusion of the 2003 season.
2002.
Earned his first varsity letter as a backup defensive tackle. He played in all 11 games and started one game against Arizona State. Scharff accounted for 9.0 tackles, including 5.0 solos, 1.0 tackles for loss and 1.0 sacks.
2001.
Appeared in three games as a reserve defensive lineman - vs. Arizona State, vs. UCLA and at Arizona. He recorded one tackle in Stanford's 51-28 victory over Arizona State on Sept. 22.
2000.
Redshirted the campaign as a true freshman.
High School.
He played football at Lincoln High School in Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin. He played as a defensive end. His senior year he was named a Bigger Faster Stronger Magazine All-American, USA Today honorable mention All-American, All-State, and Wisconsin Valley Conference Defensive Player of the Year, first-team all-conference and all-region, and was one of the top defensive lineman in the nation. Finished senior year with 15 sacks and 29 tackles for loss. He also participated in powerlifting. Placed first in the 242 lb. weight class in the Wisconsin State Powerlifting Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9817302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817302" title="Steve Wilson (offensive lineman)">
Steve Wilson (offensive lineman)

Steve Wilson (born May 19, 1954) is a former American football center in the National Football League who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1976 to 1985. He was the last original Buccaneer to retire and the only original Buc player to be a starter in each of the first 10 seasons of the franchise. All-NFC Center following the 1979 season, Steve was a member of an offensive line which allowed only 12 quarterback sacks in 16 games during the 1979 season. Following the 1979 season the Buc offensive line was presented with an award in Washington D.C. as "The Best Offensive Line in the NFL." During Wilson's 10 year career, the Bucs were in the playoffs following the 1979, 1981 and 1982 seasons.
Upon Wilson's retirement following the 1985 season, long time NFL player and coach, Bill "Tiger" Johnson said, "Steve is the best pass-blocking center I have ever coached"

</doc>
<doc id="9817318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817318" title="QuikTrip Park">
QuikTrip Park

QuikTrip Park is a stadium built in Grand Prairie, Texas for the American Association's Grand Prairie AirHogs. It is primarily used for baseball and was the home of the Grand Prairie AirHogs and the Dallas Desire of the Lingerie Football League for the 2009 season.
The ballpark has a capacity of 5,445 people for baseball games and opened in May 2008. It is named for QuikTrip, a Tulsa-based chain of convenience stores.
In 2015 the city of Grand Prairie, Texas will pay off the debt to build QuikTrip Park.
In addition to Baseball and Football, the park plays host to various other concerts and events throughout the year.
Usage.
Grand Prairie AirHogs.
The park was built for the Grand Prairie AirHogs of the American Association in 2007. 
They began play in May 2008 and finished their inaugural season with a final record of 56-40, also winning the Southern Division title before falling to the Sioux Falls Canaries in the finals.
Dallas Desire.
The Dallas Desire are one of two teams that were introduced to the women's Lingerie Football League in 2004.
The Dallas Desire was defeated by Los Angeles Temptation in the Western Final with a score of 36-68 at Lingerie Bowl II in 2005 and again at Lingerie Bowl III in 2006.
The team has never managed to reach the Finals.
They will play two home games of their 2009 season at QuikTrip Park. The Dallas Desire moved to the Cotton Bowl for the 2010 season.
American Association All-Star Game.
The Grand Prairie AirHogs will host the 2009 American Association All-Star Game at their home field, Quik Trip Park, on July 21, 2009. The All-Star festivities will begin on Monday, July 20, 2009 with a banquet for the North and South division All-Stars, Scheduled to be held in the locker room of the Dallas Cowboys in Arlington.
The All Star Game itself will be held on Tuesday, July 21, 2009- with Gates Opening at 3 p.m. in time to allow fans to witness both the North and South division teams have batting practice before the Home Run Derby set at 5:30 p.m. 
The Pre-Game ceremonies begin at 7 p.m. with the First Pitch being thrown by 7:30 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="9817319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817319" title="Amphion (ship)">
Amphion (ship)

The Amphion was the personal pleasure craft of king Gustav III of Sweden. It was designed by Fredrik Henrik af Chapman, a famous 18th-century Swedish ship engineer, built at Djurgårdsvarvet in Stockholm in the summer of 1778, and launched the same year. Amphion, named after Zeus' son and culture patron in Greek mythology, served as a royal yacht and headquarters ship. The ship was essentially a modified turuma, a type of shallow-draught frigate that served in the Swedish archipelago fleet. It was equipped with oars to allow it maneuverability of a galley while retaining a broadside of heavy guns and a full rig. It was equivalent to similar "archipelago frigates" of the archipelago fleet, but at Gustav III's request it was built without heavy cannons and therefore differed significantly from the other ships of the same type.
Amphion turned out to be one of Chapman's few failures as a ship designer. The ship suffered from poor seakeeping ability and was also too heavy to row. On its maiden voyage from Karlskrona to Stockholm, poor weather conditions left Amphion shipwrecked in the archipelago of Stockholm, and Gustav III was required to come ashore at Dalaro. Thereafter it was used mostly for trips out on Lake Mälaren, though also it was used as the king's personal command ship during The Russo-Swedish war of 1788-1790. She later served as a barracks ship into the 19th Century.
In 1884 Amphion was cut up for firewood. Amphion's figurehead and stern castle with the royal command room were spared, and can be seen at the Maritime Museum in Stockholm. The preserved parts underwent preservation and restoration between 2003-2006, and was performed by conservation studio Ateljé Catellani.
The current stern was added in 1791 after the ship was damaged at the end of the Russian War. The former stern lacked the royal cypher, and its four windows gates were of a simpler design.

</doc>
<doc id="9817325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817325" title="Soren Vestergaard">
Soren Vestergaard

Søren Vestergaard (Copenhagen, 1 March 1972) is a former Danish cricketer. Vestergaard was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast.
Early career.
Prior to playing for Denmark at any level, Vestergaard had been scouted by Welsh county Glamorgan in 1990, making a single Second XI appearance for the county in a one-day match against the Warwickshire Second XI. In July 1991, Vestergaard appeared in two matches for Denmark Under-19s against Bermuda Under-19s and Ireland Under-19s during an International Youth Tournament in Winnipeg, Canada. In that same year he first appeared for Denmark in a friendly against English minor county Durham. Further matches for Denmark followed in friendly appearances against Wales and the Netherlands in 1992, as well as the Netherlands and Scotland in 1993. He played in his first ICC Trophy in Kenya in the 1994 ICC Trophy, making his first appearance in that competition against Hong Kong. He made seven further appearances in the 1994 competition, scoring a total of 123 runs at an average of 30.75, with a high score of 25, while with the ball he took 4 wickets at a bowling average of 50.75.
Having shown promise in his appearances for Denmark, Vestergaard played Second XI cricket in English county cricket for Warwickshire in the 1994 season. He played Second XI cricket for Warwickshire until the 1998 season, but was unable to force his way into the Warwickshire first eleven. He appeared in his second ICC Trophy in the 1997 version, making six appearances in the competition. Vestergaard took 12 wickets in his six matches, which came at an average of 6.75, with best figures of 3/15. He was less successful with the bat, scoring 66 runs at an average of 13.20, with a high score of 24. During that period when he played Second XI cricket in England, he also played for Denmark in the 1996 and 1998 European Cricket Championship.
Later career.
Vestergaard's next ICC Trophy appearance came in Canada in the 2001 ICC Trophy, where he played in eight matches. The tournament was highly successful for him, with Vestergaard ending it as the tournaments joint leading wicket-taker alongside the Netherlands Roland Lefebvre, with 20 wickets at an average of 11.55. In his third match of the tournament against the United States, he claimed a hat-trick. He scored 151 runs in his eight matches, which came at an average of 18.87, with a high score of 47. This was his last appearance in the ICC Trophy, with him not appearing the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland.
He later made his debut in List A cricket for Denmark against Wales Minor Counties in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy, which was played in August 2003 to avoid fixture congestion the following season. At the time, Denmark were permitted to take part in the domestic one-day tournament in English county cricket. Vestergaard captained the team in this match, having inherited the captaincy from Aftab Ahmed, scoring 4 runs in Denmark's innings of 189/8, before he was dismissed by Tony Smith. Wales Minor Counties won the match by seven wickets, with Vestergaard bowling seven wicketless overs during their chase. He played intermittently for Denmark over the next few years, appearing for them in the 2004 and 2008 European Cricket Championship Division One. Vestergaard was later selected in Denmark's squad for the World Cup Qualifier in South Africa, by which time the captaincy has passed to Frederik Klokker. He made seven List A appearances in the tournament, including his final appearance to date in that format, against Uganda. He took a single wicket during the tournament (that of Ugandan Benjamin Musoke), while with the bat he scored 62 runs at an average of 12.40, with a high score of 39, which came against Afghanistan. This tournament marks the last time he has played for Denmark.
Outside of cricket, he works as a teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="9817347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817347" title="Calling You (anthology)">
Calling You (anthology)

The first story from "Calling You" has been adapted into a drama CD that was released by Kadokawa Shoten on June 28, 2003. Toei Company has adapted both the first and second stories into feature films. Both films are directed by Ogishima Tatsuya. "Calling You" was released to theaters on June 13, 2007, while "Kids" was released on February 2, 2008.
Plot.
Ryo is a high school freshman who tends to take people's words literally. After being hurt several times because she misunderstood someone, she avoids people. She creates an imaginary cell phone, feeling it would be pointless to buy one when no one would call. One day while she is on the bus, however, her imaginary cell phone begins to ring. At the other end is a boy named Shinya who is also calling with an imaginary cell phone. Ryo is shocked and after they disconnect, she tries calling people and connects with a college student named Yumi, who instructs her in the ways of imaginary phones. Though Shinya lives an hour in the past from Ryo, they talk regularly through their imaginary phones, staying constantly connected. Through their friendship, Ryo is able to find her voice and begin talking in the real world. They eventually talk on the real phone, and decide to meet. Ryo takes a bus to the airport, but a car nearly runs her over. Shinya pushes her out of the way and is struck instead. In the ambulance, Shinya dies. Ryo calls Shinya in the past. She tries to save him by saying she hated him on sight, but he sees through her and gets her to admit what happened. He is determined to save her, so they frantically say their good-byes.
Ryo goes to his funeral and afterwards finds his locker where he left a cassette radio he'd promised her. Ryo also realizes that Yumi is really her future self.
An unnamed Boy is put in the special class at school after he attacks a classmate who teased him about the burn mark on his back. The Boy's father regularly abused him, including leaving the burn on his back by throwing an iron at him. His mother abandoned him, and he now lives with an aunt and uncle he feels don't care anything about him. In the class, he meets Asato, a quiet boy who rarely talks. Asato's mother murdered his father and then tried to kill Asato as well. While alone with Asato after school, the Boy hurts himself carving. Asato comes over and touches him, and half the wound leaves the boy's arm and moves to Asato's so that they are equally sharing the pain. They become friends that day, and begin exploring the depths of Asato's powers. After Asato removes a scrape from a little boy's knee, the child's mother treats them to ice cream. At the parlor, they meet Shiho, a young woman with a burned face who hides her scars behind a mask. When a kid the Boy had pushed out of a window breaks his arm with a baseball bat, Asato takes that wound as well, but then moves it to the kid with the bat. The Boy decides Asato should move all of his wounds to his father, who is lying unconscious and dying in the hospital. Whenever gets new injuries, the Boy would take Asato there to use his father's dying body as a "dumping ground." Eventually, they share the secret of Asato's powers with Shiho and she asks Asato to remove the burn for just three days so she can remember what its like to live without it. She leaves town afterward, however, and Asato sinks into a depression. No one can stand looking at him with the scar on his face, even the Boy, so they go to the hospital to give it to the Boy's father. However, when the arrive, they find he had just died. The Boy cries for him, and asks Asato to move all the scars back from his father's body to him instead. Asato says he can't and runs, and the Boy realizes Asato had never given any of the wounds to his father after all. Asato runs from through the hospital, curing everyone he touches and taking on their wounds. The Boy realizes Asato wants to die because he thinks no one wants him. Outside, he takes on the fatal wounds of an accident victim, but the Boy convinces him to give him half, just like the day they became friends, so that they could share the pain equally. The wounds are serious and both spend a long time in the hospital, but during the stay the Boy comes to the conclusion that Asato was given the power because he had a pure heart, and that he wants Asato to always know someone is there willing to share his pain.
A patient at a hospital finds a flower with the face of a girl, that hums a beautiful melody.
Media.
Light novel.
Written by Otsu-ichi, "Calling You" is a Japanese light novel consisting of a collection of three supernatural short stories.
Drama CD.
An eleven chapter drama CD based on the novel series was released in Japan on June 28, 2003 by Kadokawa Shoten as part of their Sneaker CD Collection line. The cover art is illustrated by Miyako Hasumi.
Films.
The first short story from the novel series was adapted into a motion picture by Toei Company. It premiered in theaters in Japan on June 13, 2007. Directed by Ogishima Tatsuya, "Calling You" stars Narumi Riko and Koide Keisuke in the roles of the story's central characters Aihara Ryo and Shinya Nozaki, who also performed those roles in the drama CD. The film was released to Region 2 DVD on December 7, 2007 by Media Factory. The theme song for the film "Calling You" was performed by the musical group Dreams Come True. The CD soundtrack, containing twenty tracks including the theme song, was released on June 13, 2007 by Nayutawave Records.
The second short story, "Kiz/Kids", was also being adapted into a motion picture entitled "Kids". Also produced by Toei, this second film is also directed by Tatsuya and was released to theaters on February 2, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9817363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817363" title="Mabley &amp; Carew">
Mabley &amp; Carew

Mabley & Carew Department Store was a prominent department store in Cincinnati, Ohio.
History.
The store traced its roots to 1877, when Detroit merchants C. R. Mabley and Joseph T. Carew, en route to Memphis, were stranded in Cincinnati by a late train and wound up going into business in the heart of what was then a booming river city. Having missed their connection, they walked around town and reached Fountain Square, saw a "For Rent" sign, and decided that 66 Fifth Street was a fine place for a store. Mabley and Carew was the first store in Cincinnati to adopt full-page newspaper ads, to give elaborate Christmas performances, and to set up the Arbor Day custom. The Mabley and Carew building was once illuminated by 10,000 lights that glimmered opposite Fountain Square. 
The company was owned by a joint partnership of Messrs Mabley and Carew but managed by Carew. After Mabley's death in 1885 Carew became sole owner of the business. Carew himself died in 1914 and was succeeded as Company President by his first cousin Bolton Stretch Armstrong (1872–1954) who ran the company for the next 37 years.
In 1929 the Carew Building, a nearby office block also built by Carew, was demolished and replaced by Cincinnati's landmark Carew Tower, completed in 1930 after only 17 months work. This complex was to be the new home to the main Mabley & Carew department store from 1930 to 1960, when the business was purchased by Allied Stores. By 1962 the company had moved the store across Fifth Street into what had been Rollman's Department Store, renamed the Mabley and Carew Building.
In 1978, Dayton, Ohio based Elder-Beerman department stores purchased Mabley & Carew. All 4 Cincinnati stores, including the Fifth and Vine Street location, were eventually converted to the Elder-Beerman name. The old Rollman's building was eventually closed and torn down in the late 1980s to make way for a proposed, but not ever built, new tallest building in Cincinnati, Fountain Square West.

</doc>
<doc id="9817401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817401" title="John Ezzidio">
John Ezzidio

John Ezzidio (c. 1810 – October 1872) was a freed slave from Nigeria who became a successful businessman and politician in Sierra Leone. Rescued from a slave ship headed for Brazil, he was apprenticed to a French shopkeeper and taught himself to read and write. Ezzidio eventually rose to the position of mayor of Freetown and later became a member the colonial governor's Legislative Council.
Kidnapping.
Ezzidio, a Nupe from what is now Niger State, was kidnapped by slavers when he was young and brought to an area populated by the Yoruba. In 1827, he was sold to white slave traders, who put him on board a ship bound for Brazil. The ship was intercepted by the Royal Navy,
Business and political career.
Ezzidio became the apprentice of a French shopkeeper named Beyaust; Beyaust named his apprentice "Isadore". The name was written down as "Ezzido", and eventually morphed into "Ezzidio". After the death of the Frenchman, Ezzidio was hired by an English firm. He managed a European-owned shop and then used the money he saved to start his own trading firm. He taught himself to read and write.
In 1841, Ezzidio purchased property for £100. He visited England the next year, making import deals with companies based there; by importing directly, he eliminated the need for middle men. Goods that were sent to his George Street property, at a total value of between £3000 and £4000 per year, included clothing such as suits and boots, foodstuffs such as ham, cookies, tea, and fortified wines (port and sherry).
In 1844, William Fergusson, Governor of Sierra Leone, appointed him to the position of alderman, and in 1845 Ezzidio became Mayor of Freetown.
In 1862, Governor Samuel Wensley Blackall split the Governor's Council into two parts, an Executive and a Legislative Council; the latter allowed representation from, among others, the colony's merchants. The Mercantile Association, in a vote consisting of twenty-four Africans, fourteen Europeans, and one Caribbean merchant, elected Ezzidio to represent them on this body. While on the council, he was noted for his fairness and unobtrusiveness.
Ezzidio described himself as an "oracle" of the people; some people, meanwhile, nicknamed him "dancing bear" due to his size and energy.
Wesleyan Church involvement.
Ezzidio joined the Wesleyan Church in 1835. He became a lay preacher in 1842 and also ran a Sunday school. He is recorded to have made the largest donation of all contributors at an 1864 church celebration.
In 1864, at Ezzidio's request, a white superintendent was sent from England to supervise the Wesleyan mission. This superintendent, Benjamin Trebaskis, was a Nonconformist, strongly sectarian, and opposed to the interdenominational cooperation Ezzidio and others in the church had previously supported. Trebaskis feuded with Ezzidio over church policy until the latter's death in October 1872.
Honours.
In 2007, in a campaign to Africanise British street names, the government of Freetown announced plans to rename Howe Street after Ezzidio.

</doc>
<doc id="9817405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817405" title="La Celle-sur-Morin">
La Celle-sur-Morin

La Celle-sur-Morin is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Cellois".

</doc>
<doc id="9817435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817435" title="American Board of Internal Medicine">
American Board of Internal Medicine

The American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM) is a non-profit, independent physician evaluation organization committed to continuously improving the profession for the public good by certifying physicians who practice internal medicine and its sub-specialties. It is not a membership society, educational institution or licensing body but an organization that assess the clinical judgment, skills and attitudes essential for the delivery of quality patient care. ABIM has issued more than 425,000 initial certificates in internal medicine and its subspecialties in the United States and its territories since its founding.From 2001- 2013 ABIM certified 91,024 physicians in general internal medicine. From 2001-2013 ABIM certified more than 10,000 cardiologists and more than 6,400 medical oncologists. More than 140,000 physicians – including more than 8,000 physicians holding certifications that hold certifications which are valid indefinitely -- are currently enrolled in ABIM’s Maintenance of Certification program. 
Richard J. Baron is ABIM's current President and CEO. In order to more effectively achieve its mission, ABIM recently adopted a new governance structure that now consists of three entities:
History.
ABIM, the largest of 24 member certifying boards of the American Board of Medical Specialties was established in 1936 by the American Medical Association and the American College of Physicians to be an independent evaluator of physicians. Since that time, ABIM has worked to ensure a high level of competence in the American health system by certifying physicians who practice internal medicine in one or more of its 20 subspecialties.
Certification.
ABIM Board Certification demonstrates that physicians have met rigorous standards through intensive study, self-assessment and evaluation. Additionally, certification encompasses the six general competencies established by the Accreditation Council on Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) and sets the stage for continual professional development through values centered on lifelong learning. Following regulations established by the ABMS, in order to be certified, a physician must: 
Physicians may become board certified when they have successfully completed residency or fellowship training and by passing a secure examination. Unlike licensure, board certification is not a requirement to practice medicine. However, board certification is widely accepted as a marker of excellence. Most hospitals require internists to be board certified in order to have admitting privileges, and many health plans require certification for contracting or eligibility for select networks. 
A growing body of research suggests that 
Maintenance of Certification (MOC).
Research shows that in general, over time, knowledge deteriorates and practice habits and patterns fail to change in response to medical advances. Maintenance of Certification (recertification) promotes lifelong learning and enhancement of the clinical judgment and skills essential for high quality patient care. Every 10 years, some internists and subspecialists certified in or after 1990 renew their certifications through ABIM's Maintenance of Certification program
ABIM's Maintenance of Certification program changed in January 2014. The program now requires physicians to:

</doc>
<doc id="9817443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817443" title="Carl Ekern">
Carl Ekern

Carl Frederick Ekern (May 27, 1954 — August 1, 1990) was an NFL football player.
Biography.
Carl Ekern was born in Richland, Washington. He attended Fremont High School in Sunnyvale, CA. Ekern was a graduate of San Jose State University and played pro football from 1976 to 1988 for the Los Angeles Rams. He appeared in the 1985 team promotional video "Ram It", under the name of "Carl E, General of the D." He died of head injuries on August 1, 1990 when the Jeep he was driving ran off a highway near the Kern County town of Ridgecrest, California. At the time of the accident, Ekern was en route to Minden, Nevada, where he was a volunteer counselor and coach at the Rite of Passage, a camp for juvenile delinquents. The camp is located about 15 miles east of Lake Tahoe.
Carl Ekern Spirit of The Game Award.
The Carl Ekern award, honoring the former Rams linebacker, is the 
St. Louis Rams award given to the player who best exemplifies sportsmanship, work ethic, and commitment to his teammates.

</doc>
<doc id="9817444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817444" title="The Saga of Gosta Berling">
The Saga of Gosta Berling

The Saga of Gosta Berling () is a 1924 Swedish romantic drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller and released by AB Svensk Filmindustri, starring Lars Hanson, Gerda Lundequist and Greta Garbo in her native break-out role on film. The film is based on the 1891 debut novel of the same name by the Swedish author and Nobel Prize winner Selma Lagerlöf. It is also known as "Gosta Berling's Saga, The Story of Gosta Berling and The Atonement of Gosta Berling".
Plot.
The priest Gosta Berling gets fired because of his inappropriate life style. He entertains a wealthy lady who in return supports him. Following a variety of occurrences he teams up with former duchess Dohna. Together they start over.
Release.
Versions.
The film was originally released as two parts in Sweden, "Gösta Berlings saga del I" on 10 March 1924, and "Gösta Berlings saga del II" seven days later. The two-part version was also used in Finland and Norway, but for the rest of the world a shorter, one part export version was made.
In 1927 the film was recut, shortening it by almost half the running time. This is the version that was archived for the future. In 1933 a sound version was released theatrically in Stockholm, with the intertext cut out, along with additional cutting and altered chronology for some of the scenes.
Twenty years later most of the missing material was discovered, and a restored version with new intertext was again released in theatres. This version has since had new parts added throughout the years as they have been found, but about 450 meters of film from the original cut is still missing. In 2005, the film was given a new score by pianist and silent film music composer Matti Bye.
Home media.
In 2006, the film was released for the first time on DVD by Kino International with the support of the Swedish Film Institute. The new release includes English subtitles, the new music score by Matti Bye, and restoration of the film to a length of 185 minutes. A Swedish DVD followed in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9817466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817466" title="Hamidüddin Aksarayî">
Hamidüddin Aksarayî

Hamidüddin Aksarayî (1331–1412), better known by his sobriquet Somuncu Baba, was an ascetic teacher of Islam in Bursa, Turkey, who exerted extensive influence and is known as a Muslim saint. He taught at the Ulu Camii (The Great Mosque) where he was installed by Sultan Bayezid I after it was completed. Somuncu Baba's students included Molla Fenari and Hacı Bayram-ı Veli.

</doc>
<doc id="9817484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817484" title="Kodange">
Kodange

Kodange is a small village near Manipal and about 8 km away from Udupi and 3 km from Parkala junction in Karnataka. Agriculture is the main Occupation over here. The Famous Kodange Kamath family hails from this place.
Herga Temple.
Herga village has Durgaparameshwari Temple on a small hilltop.yearly procession is taken out.this is celebrated as grand event in Herga. Stories tell that the Temple say that the Goddess Durgadevi came from Indrali and stayed here in the form of a Linga. The Temple was renovated in 1983. A stone-made flag post (Dwajasthambha) was offered in 1993.The devi is also called as Hergammaof Herga Grama or Gramadevate.
Climate.
The climate is humid and warm between November and May and wet and cool during the monsoon months from June to October. It has a tropical climate characteristic of coastal plains in the West of India. Kodange, being located on an elevated place near the seashore, has fine breeze throughout the day.

</doc>
<doc id="9817512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817512" title="FC Schönberg 95">
FC Schönberg 95

FC Schönberg is a German association football club from the city of Schönberg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
History.
The club has its origins in "TSG Schönberg" which was created as "SG Schönberg" in 1945 at the end of World War II and later played as "BSG Traktor Schönberg". In 1962 this side merged with "SG Dynamo 1950 Schönberg" to form "TSG Schönberg". The current-day club was founded on 1 July 1995 when the football department of "TSG" established itself as independent.
The new team was initiated into the seventh tier Bezirksliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in the 1995–96 season and immediately began a steady rise to the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV). They advanced out of the Berzirksliga to capture divisional titles in the Landesliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (VI) in 1996 and the Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (V) in 1998. "Schönberg" then played seven seasons in the Oberliga, winning a title there in 2003 and taking part in a Regionaliga (III) promotion playoff which they lost to "FC Sachsen Leipzig".
Throughout their short existence as an independent side the club has been dominant in play for the Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Pokal (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Cup) appearing as a finalist in 1997 and then lifting the trophy each year from 1999 to 2004. This earned "Schönberg" entry to German Cup competition where they were put out in the first round in each appearance at the hands of Bundesliga sides including "Bayern Munich" (2000, 0:4), "VfB Stuttgart" (2001, 2:4), "Hamburger SV" (2002, 0:6), "Borussia Mönchengladbach" (2003, 0:3), and "1. FC Kaiserslautern" (2004, 0:15).
"Schönberg" faltered in the 2004–2005 season and was relegated to the Verbandsliga for a season, but earned a prompt return to the Oberliga by claiming another fifth division title. After a seventh place finish in the Oberliga in the 2006–07 season, the club decided to return to the Verbandsliga.
Stadium.
"FC Schönberg" plays in the Jahnstadion which has a capacity of 6,000 (590 seats). Through the use of large portable grandstands the facility can accommodate 16,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9817527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817527" title="1998 Arena Football League season">
1998 Arena Football League season

The 1998 Arena Football League season was the 12th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Orlando Predators, who defeated the Tampa Bay Storm in ArenaBowl XII.

</doc>
<doc id="9817532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817532" title="Cély">
Cély

Cély, also known as Cély-en-Bière, is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Célysiens".

</doc>
<doc id="9817569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817569" title="Ogust convention">
Ogust convention

Ogust is a bridge convention used after a weak-two bid by responder to gauge the strength of the weak-two bidder's hand. This convention is named after Harold A. Ogust from the US, and is also known as the 'Blue Club response' from the bidding system developed by Benito Garozzo.
Use of the convention.
After any weak-two opening bid, a forcing relay bid of 2NT by responder asks opener to describe the general strength and quality of their hand. Responder usually has around the points for an opening bid and is interested in game, although it does not guarantee trump support.
Responses.
The standard responses to the Ogust convention, as listed in "The Official Encyclopedia of Bridge" and "Goren's New Bridge Complete", are:
2// - (pass) - 2NT - (pass) -
The definitions of "minimal" and "maximal" hands and "poor" and "good" suits are matters of partnership agreement. Many players regard a "minimal" hand as 6-7 HCP and a "maximal" hand as 8 or more HCP. There's more variation in the interpretation of "poor" and "good" hands. Partnerships that are strict in their preempts tend to regard suits with only two of the top three or three of the top five cards as "poor" while partnerships that preempt with poorer suits typically describe such suits as "good."
After knowing the quality of opener's hand, responder can set the contract.
Variants.
There are many variants to the Ogust convention. Some partnerships reverse the meaning of 3 and 3, which is Ogust's original formula.
Ogust's original formula also did not include the 3NT bid showing a solid suit.
Other variants define a "poor" suit to be one of the top three honors, and a good suit to be two of the top three honors, with "solid" suit denoting AKQ, or define minimum strength to be 6-8 HCP, and maximum strength to be 9-10 HCP (Benji Acol)

</doc>
<doc id="9817573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817573" title="List of diplomatic missions during World War II">
List of diplomatic missions during World War II

Below is a list of diplomatic missions during World War II that were undertaken by the allied forces.
See also.
List of World War II military operations

</doc>
<doc id="9817579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817579" title="Tristan (name)">
Tristan (name)

Tristan or Tristram is a given name of Welsh origin. It originates from the Brythonic name "Drust" or "Drustanus". It derives from a stem meaning "noise", seen in the modern Welsh noun "trwst" (plural "trystau") and the verb "trystio" "to clatter".
It became popularized through the character of Tristan, one of the Knights of the Round Table in Arthurian legend. The modern form is most likely influenced by the Latin root "tristis" ("tant triste" in the medieval French version of the myth), meaning "sad" or "sorrowful". The recent rise in the name Tristan is also attributed to a movie character of the same name played by actor Brad Pitt in the film "Legends of the Fall"."
Tristan is the 87th most popular baby name in the United States, and has been consistently among the top 1,000 names given to baby boys since 1971. There are various alternate forms of the name (popularity in parentheses): Tristen (1432), Triston (326), Tristin (536), Tristian (423), Trystan (5000), and Trysten (1).

</doc>
<doc id="9817599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817599" title="Cerneux">
Cerneux

Cerneux is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Geography.
The river Aubetin forms part of the commune's southern border.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Cernois".

</doc>
<doc id="9817634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817634" title="List of military operations in the West European Theater during World War II by year">
List of military operations in the West European Theater during World War II by year

Western Front.
Includes land and sea operations relating to north-west Europe, but excludes:
See also.
List of World War II military operations

</doc>
<doc id="9817639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817639" title="Gregory of Sinai">
Gregory of Sinai

Saint Gregory of Sinai (1260s – November 27, 1346) was instrumental in the emergence of "technical" (Athonite) Hesychasm on Athos in the early 14th century.
Born in Smyrna, he was captured by Seljuk Turks as a young man, he was eventually ransomed to Cyprus and became a monk at Saint Catherine's Monastery. Later, he moved to Crete, where he learned the practices of Hesychasm from a monk named Arsenios, and in 1310 to Athos, where he remained until 1335. Increasing Muslim raids on Athos pushed Gregory and some disciples into the Bulgarian Empire, where he would find protection under Bulgarian Emperor Ivan Alexander and where he founded a monastery near Paroria, Strandzha mountains in south east Bulgaria.
The "Philokalia" includes five works in Greek by Gregory,

</doc>
<doc id="9817654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817654" title="Cesson">
Cesson

Cesson is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Cessonnais".

</doc>
<doc id="9817659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817659" title="Madison Monsters">
Madison Monsters

The Madison Monsters was a hockey team based in Madison, Wisconsin that later moved to Knoxville, Tennessee and was named the Knoxville Speed. The team played in the UHL and CoHL. The City of Madison was granted the franchise before the 1995-96 season. The other team to join that year was the Quad City Mallards. Not only were the Monsters the first CoHL hockey team to be established in Wisconsin, but they were the first team in the CoHL to be established outside of Michigan or Ontario. The Monsters played all of their games in the Dane County Memorial Coliseum (Now the Alliant Energy Center). Much of the Monsters merchandise is still sought after due to the colorful Monsters logo design. The team moved to Knoxville, Tennessee before the 1999-2000 season. Team owner of both the Monsters and Knoxville Speed was Andrew Wilhelm. Brother Dan Wilhelm was also heavily involved with the Monsters. Wife Michele Wilhelm assisted with team merchandising.

</doc>
<doc id="9817675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817675" title="The Cares of a Family Man">
The Cares of a Family Man

"The Cares of a Family Man" ("Die Sorge des Hausvaters") is a short story by Franz Kafka about a creature called Odradek. The creature has drawn the attention of many philosophers and literary critics, who have all attempted to interpret its meaning. The story was written between 1914 and 1917. In 1919 it appeared in "Ein Landarzt. Kleine Erzählungen" ("A Country Doctor"), a collection of Kafka's short stories published by Kurt Wolff (Munich and Leipzig).
Plot.
The story begins with a discussion of the unclear linguistic origin of the name Odradek, followed by a detailed description of the creature:
At first glance it looks like a flat star-shaped spool for thread, and indeed it does seem to have thread wound upon it; to be sure, they are only old, broken-off bits of thread, knotted and tangled together, of the most varied sorts and colors. But it is not only a spool, for a small wooden crossbar sticks out of the middle of the star, and another small rod is joined to that at a right angle.
The narrator goes on to describe the creature's other characteristics, including its habits, environment, and manner of conversation, and in the end wonders about the Odradek's future, and the painful notion that it might outlive him.
Interpretations.
As in all Kafka's work, this creature and its description can be read from different points of view. It is not possible to define exactly what Odradek is, not even what Kafka thought it was when he was writing the story. One possible direct interpretation is that Odradek represents any useless, harmless object which is kept around for no obvious reason. However, many other levels of meaning can be extracted from this story.
Useless object.
Odradek appears to represent an object with no clear purpose or apparent use. It could be an almost exhausted spool for thread, only wounded by "old, broken-off bits of thread, knotted and tangled together, of the most varied sorts and colors". These sorts of useless objects are sometimes kept indefinitely in someone's home, in the hope that one day the bits of thread might be used to sew something. It could be that the story was inspired by an actual nearly empty spool in Kafka's home, that he ran across from time to time. This could explain the defining characteristic of an Odradek: it lives in crevices, margins and hallways, and has no real fixed abode. The word odradek has been sometimes used since to depict an object which has no purpose and the reason for which it is kept around and not thrown away is unclear. Or perhaps it simply represents the unfinished threads of thought that litter a text, are never finished and sit in the "margins" with no apparent use.
Critique of capitalism.
Willi Goetschel analyzes "The Cares of a Family Man" from several perspectives. From the perspective of Marxist literary criticism the story might be a critique of Capitalism in its last stage. Odradek represents commodities, it is "what is left of life once everything is reduced to materialism".
Anya Meksin agrees that this interpretation is possible from a Marxist perspective. Odradek, being made of thread for mending, represents the world of manmade practical objects separated from the human work that produced them, and the relation between the house father and Odradek represent the alienated relation between worker and commodities he has produced. The idea that Odradek will survive the narrator and the anguish this situation causes to him can also be interpreted as the idea of commodities being inherited and transcend the worker that made them, but in such a way that the worker himself would be completely ignored.
Objectification of memory.
According to Goetschel, from a Freudian approach Odradek can be seen as "the psychological return of the repressed". In this case, it is a representation of leftovers of life, things that we would like to forget, but come back again and again. Odradek may hide in dark places just like human fears, or may lay in front of a doorway so as to warn us not to enter. These could be the kind of things that the family man has to care for, the repressed memories that never go away entirely.
Religious interpretation.
A religious perspective opens up another interpretation of the text. Goetschel indicates that the star-shaped form of the creature might represent tradition (specifically Jewish tradition), which is passed on from generation to generation and accumulates some more bits of "thread" in each generation.
According to Meksin, Odradek represents a rupture between the world of the family man and some other transcendent realm. It is immortal, and hides in shadows carrying a message from generation to generation, and witnessing it all. Meksin goes on to indicate that the physical description of Odradek with its wooden crossbar sticks joined to that at a right angle can also remind us of crucifixion.
Odradek as antagonist.
Slavoj Žižek emphasizes in his analysis that Odradek "once had some sort of intelligible shape and is now only a broken-down remnant," and as such it should be part of a whole. The relation between the narrator (a family man, a father) and the creature could be this whole: Odradek might be the complement of the narrator, who would also be broken down, with part of him transferred into Odradek. That is why Odradek is something a family man has to care for.
Several characteristics can be found to show Odradek and the narrator as opposites, for example:
Etymology.
In the first paragraph of "The Cares of a Family Man", the narrator speculates on the etymology of the word "odradek," which might be of Slavic or German origin, neither of which yields any clear meaning. Meksin points out that this first paragraph is both a joke played on future scholarly efforts at understanding the story, and a clue to the meaning of the word. An antiquated Slavonic verb "odradeti", which means "to counsel against" could be the root of the word. This would indicate that the name odradek itself points at something that tries to dissuade the reader to understand its meaning. Odradek would be, in this case, a way of naming something that is meaningless, a kind of semantic paradox.
Jean-Claude Milner notes in "Odradek, la bobine de scandale" that "odradek" is also part of an anagram for the Greek word dodekaedron. This interpretation of the word is also consistent with the fact that Odradek seems to be a broken-down remnant of something.
Another possible meaning of the word is proposed by Goetschel, based on the fact that Kafka often played with names and used his own name as part of the names of his characters. He indicates that odradek contains the Czech word for "crow", which is also a translation of Kafka's name. In this case the Odradek refers to Kafka himself, the same way Gregor Samsa in The Metamorphosis, Josef K. in The Trial and K. in The Castle also refer to him.

</doc>
<doc id="9817686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817686" title="Pantheon, Moscow">
Pantheon, Moscow

The Pantheon (), officially also called the Monument to the Eternal Glory of the Great People of the Soviet Land (Памятник вечной славы великих людей Советской страны), was a project to construct a monumental memorial tomb in Moscow, Soviet Union. The tomb was planned to serve as the final resting place for prominent Communist figures along with the remains of Communists who had been buried at the Kremlin Wall Necropolis. According to the plan, Vladimir Lenin's embalmed body would be transferred from Lenin's Mausoleum to the new Pantheon.
The decision to build the Pantheon was taken by the Central Committee of the CPSU and Council of Ministers in a joint decision of March 6, 1953, the day following Joseph Stalin's death. It was decided that the Pantheon would be built in Moscow, but its location was not further specified. A likely location would probably have been opposite the Kremlin, on the Sophie quay by the Moscow River. The project was partly inspired by the Pantheon in Paris, and the idea was to transfer all the remains buried at the Kremlin Wall Necropolis, and convert the Lenin Mausoleum into a monumental tribune overlooking Red Square. According to the decision, the Pantheon would be accessible to broad masses of visitors.
The decision to build the Pantheon was never executed. Its fate may be connected with the turning point of Stalinist architectural projects after Stalin's death, and with the official condemnation of Joseph Stalin, whose body was removed from the Lenin Mausoleum on October 31, 1961 and buried next to the Kremlin Wall as part of the process of de-Stalinization. The decision of 1953 was further invalidated on December 4, 1974, when the Ministerial Council of the Russian SFSR decided to formally protect the historical monuments of the Lenin Mausoleum and the Kremlin Wall Necropolis.

</doc>
<doc id="9817690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817690" title="Rich Saul">
Rich Saul

Richard Robert "Rich" Saul (February 5, 1948 – April 15, 2012) was an American football offensive lineman who played in the National Football League (NFL) from 1970 through 1981, all with the Los Angeles Rams. He played college football at Michigan State University. His twin brother Ron Saul, also played with the Spartans and in the NFL.
Center with the Los Angeles Rams.
After playing the role of reserve lineman from 1970 to 1974, Saul replaced Ken Iman as the starting center (American football) with the Rams in 1975. That year, the Rams beat the St. Louis Cardinals in the divisional round of the 1975-76 NFL playoffs, rushing for 237 yards. However, the team lost to the Dallas Cowboys in the NFC championship game. In 1976, the Rams beat the Cowboys in the divisional round of the 1976-77 NFL playoffs, rushing for 120 yards. But they lost the NFC championship game to the Minnesota Vikings, and, the following year, lost the divisional round of the 1977-78 NFL playoffs to the same team. They finally beat the Vikings in the 1978-79 NFL playoffs. However, they lost again to the Cowboys in the NFC championship game. In the 1979-80 NFL playoffs the Rams defeated the Cowboys and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to win the NFC title, rushing for 159 and 216 yards, respectively. But they had a more difficult time running against the Pittsburgh Steelers, only 107 yards, losing Super Bowl XIV. In the 1980-81 NFL playoffs, the Rams lost to the Cowboys again, this time in a wild card game. In Saul's final year, 1981, the Rams deteriorated to a won-lost record of 6-10, his final game being a 30-7 loss to the Washington Redskins.
Saul was selected to six Pro Bowls (1976, 1977, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1981) during his career.
Death.
Saul died on April 15, 2012, at the age of 64 after having suffered with leukemia for nine years.

</doc>
<doc id="9817701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817701" title="USS Rigel (AD-13)">
USS Rigel (AD-13)

USS "Rigel" (AD-13/AR-11) was an destroyer tender named for "Rigel", the brightest star in the constellation Orion.
Originally built in 1918 as SS "Edgecombe" by the Skinner and Eddy Corporation of Seattle, Washington for the United States Shipping Board, she was transferred to the United States Navy by Executive Order on 29 October 1921, delivered 16 November 1921, converted to a destroyer tender, and commissioned as USS "Rigel" on 24 February 1922 with Lieutenant E. G. Affleck in command.
Service history.
1922–1941.
Following an extensive fitting out period and shakedown, "Rigel" was homeported at San Diego. During the interwar period she remained in southern California.
While in San Diego at the Navy Destroyer Base, 11th Naval District, her skipper was Captain Frucht. Lt.Cmdr. William E. Lund was the supply officer for the 11th Naval District and was attached to the Regal. USS Regal (and it was spelled with an E, not an I) had one unique feature—she was the only naval vessel in the 1930s to maintain quarters for the captain's wife! My parents and I had dinner aboard at the invitation of Mrs. Susie Frucht. We were served by Filipino mess boys in a small but elegant mess which had one wall outfitted as a goldfish aquarium. This situation with the captain's wife living aboard continued until Mrs.Frucht decided to keep a bee hive on deck. When sailors complained of being stung, the captain and his lady bought a home in Point Loma and moved ashore.
1941–1942.
Redesignated a repair ship, AR-11, on 10 April 1941, she underwent overhaul at Bremerton, Washington then sailed to Hawaii for more extensive repairs and alterations. By mid-July, she was at Pearl Harbor and was still in the yard on 7 December 1941. She was without her authorized armament and superstructure and was slightly damaged during the Japanese attack. Her crew, unable to fire, immediately turned their skills to rescue and salvage operations. Conversion work on "Rigel" was completed on 7 April 1942. 
On 20 April, with four 3-inch guns mounted, she got underway for the South Pacific. Steaming first to Fanning Island, she disembarked U.S. Army units and material and embarked personnel of New Zealand's Pacific Island Force and civilian evacuees. On the 28th, she continued westward and on 16 May arrived at Auckland to add her equipment and personnel to the repair and construction facilities offered by that port. Between then and November she converted merchant ships and tugboats to Navy use, repaired other merchantmen, installed and repaired guns on merchant ships; trained armed guard crews, served as flagship for Vice Admiral Robert L. Ghormley, and as store ship and receiving ship; provided printing facilities; assisted in the construction of shore facilities; and added ten 20 mm guns to her own armament, in addition to her assigned duties of repairing Allied warships and auxiliaries.
In November, she was again called on to substitute as a transport. On the 8th, she embarked Army units and on the 9th, she sailed for New Caledonia. Arriving at Nouméa on 14 November, she shifted to Espiritu Santo two days later and contributed her skills to the Guadalcanal campaign.
1943–1944.
In mid-January 1943, she shifted to Efate, and, on 24 April, got underway to return to the South Pacific where the 7th Amphibious Force was being formed. "Rigel" arrived at Sydney on 1 May, moved on to Brisbane on the 15th and until 14 June helped take the pressure off repair facilities there. But the 7th Amphibious Force's first assault landing was imminent and "Rigel's" assistance was needed in the forward area. On 21 June the repair ship arrived in Milne Bay, New Guinea, and on the 22nd Rear Admiral Daniel E. Barbey, Commander, 7th Amphibious Force, raised his flag. On the 30th, the force landed troops on Woodlark and Kiriwina and the encirclement of Rabaul from the south was initiated.
For the next 6½ months "Rigel" remained at Milne Bay, repairing ships from LSTs, LCIs, and MTBs to tankers, cruisers, and battleships. By December, Allied forces had moved up the coast to dispute control of Vitiaz and Dampier Straits. In December, landings were made on New Britain at Arawe and Cape Gloucester, and in January 1944, at Finschhafen and Saidor in New Guinea. "Rigel", no longer Admiral Barbey's flagship, soon followed. 
Again bringing her vital equipment and trained men closer to the front, she moved to Cape Sudest, thence proceeded to Buna where her crew continued their round-the-clock schedule from 13 January until 9 June. From Buna she moved up the coast to Alexishafen, whence, in late August, she returned to Australia for a much needed overhaul. She was at Sydney during the initial thrust into the Philippines, but in November returned to New Guinea and continued her work at Hollandia, 22 November to 10 January 1945. On the latter date she got underway for the Philippines. 
1945–1946.
"Rigel" arrived in Leyte Gulf on 15 January. On the 16th she anchored in San Pedro Bay, where she remained through the end of the War. After brief postwar service, "Rigel" returned to the United States for inactivation. She was decommissioned on 11 July 1946 and was transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal 12 July 1946, her final fate unknown.
"Rigel" earned four battle stars during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="9817705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817705" title="Irina Shevchenko">
Irina Shevchenko

Irina Shevchenko, née Korotya (; born 2 September 1975 in Frunze, Kyrgyz SSR) is a Russian hurdler.
Her personal best time is 12.67 seconds, achieved in July 2004 in Tula. She equalled this time in the 2004 Olympic semi final. Reaching the hurdles final at the 2004 Olympic Games, she unfortunately fell after Perdita Felicien stumbled into her.
She did not compete during the 2000, 2002 or 2006 seasons.
She is coached by Valentin Maslakov and her husband Dmitriy Shevchenko.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9817732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817732" title="Positive and negative relief">
Positive and negative relief

Positive and negative relief is an art technique that are usually done over graph paper to show a pattern will "pop" up in the page. Sometimes it is considered as an optical trick. 
The technique is done by alternating two contrasting colors, such as black and white, on the grids. A pattern is then drawn over the grids, and the parts of the pattern in the grid will be coloured by the opposite colour that the grid inherits.

</doc>
<doc id="9817744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817744" title="Quantum concentration">
Quantum concentration

The quantum concentration is the particle concentration (i.e. the number of particles per unit volume) of a system where the interparticle distance is equal to the thermal de Broglie wavelength.
Quantum effects become appreciable when the particle concentration is greater than or equal to the quantum concentration, which is defined as:
As the quantum concentration depends on temperature, high temperatures will put most systems in the classical limit unless they have a very high density e.g. a White dwarf.
For an ideal gas the Sackur–Tetrode equation can be written in terms of the quantum concentration as

</doc>
<doc id="9817748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817748" title="Christine K. Cassel">
Christine K. Cassel

Christine K. Cassel, MD, President and CEO of the National Quality Forum, is a leading expert in geriatric medicine, medical ethics and quality of care. Previously, Dr. Cassel served as President and CEO of the American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM) and the ABIM Foundation.
Dr. Cassel is one of 20 scientists chosen by U.S. President Barack Obama to serve on the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, which advises the President in areas where an understanding of science, technology, and innovation is key to forming responsible and effective policy. She is the co-Chair and Physician Leader of a PCAST working group that made recommendations to the President on issues relating to health information technology and ways to promote scientific innovation in drug development and evaluation.
In addition to having chaired influential Institute of Medicine (IOM) reports on end-of-life care and public health, she served on the IOM's Comparative Effective Research Committee mandated by Congress to set priorities for the national CER effort (PCORI). Modern Healthcare has recognized Dr. Cassel among the 100 most influential people in health care, and among the 50 most influential physicians in 2013 and 2014 [http://www.modernhealthcare.com/section/50-most-influential-2014] . An active scholar and lecturer, she is the author or co-author of 14 books and more than 200 journal articles on geriatric medicine, aging, bioethics and health policy. She edited four editions of Geriatric Medicine, a leading textbook in the field. Her most recent book is "Medicare Matters: What Geriatric Medicine Can Teach American Health Care."
Dr. Cassel has been recognized by NIH as one of the leading women leaders in science, and was the first woman to be President of the American College of Physicians and to be Chair of the American Board of Internal Medicine.
A national leader in efforts to inspire quality care, Dr. Cassel was a founding member of the Commonwealth Fund's Commission on a High Performance Health System, and served on the IOM committees that wrote the influential reports To Err is Human and Crossing the Quality Chasm. She was appointed by President Clinton to the President's Advisory Commission on Consumer Protection and Quality in the Health Care Industry in 1997. She has served on the board of the Greenwald Foundation since 1992, the board of the Kaiser Foundation Hospitals and Health Plans since 2002 and the board of the National Physician Alliance since 2006. She also sits on the editorial board of The Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA).
Dr. Cassel is also respected as a scientific leader, having served on the Advisory Committee to the NIH Director, 1995 – 2002, and as President of the American Federation for Aging Research. She is an Adjunct Professor of Medicine and Senior Fellow in the Department of Medical Ethics and Health Policy at the University of Pennsylvania School Of Medicine. Dr. Cassel's previous positions include dean of the School of Medicine and vice president for medical affairs at Oregon Health and Science University, chair of the Department of Geriatrics and Adult Development at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York, and chief of General Internal Medicine at the University of Chicago.
Dr. Cassel, board certified in internal medicine and geriatric medicine, is a former Chair of the ABIM Board of Directors, and is a former President of the American College of Physicians. Recipient of numerous international awards and honorary degrees, Dr. Cassel is an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Colleges of Medicine of the U.K. and Canada, the European Federation of Internal Medicine, and is a Master of the American College of Physicians.
Books and Articles.
Dr. Cassel is the author or co-author of 14 books, including:
She has edited and authored a number of books, including: 
Recent articles include:
Education.
A graduate of the University of Chicago, Dr. Cassel received her medical degree from the University of Massachusetts Medical School and completed a residency in internal medicine at the Children's Hospital of San Francisco and a fellowship in geriatrics at the Veterans Administration Medical Center in Portland, Oregon. Additionally, she completed a bioethics health policy fellowship program at the University of California, San Francisco. She is the recipient of numerous honorary degrees and awards of distinction, including Fellowship in the Royal Colleges of Medicine in the United Kingdom and Canada, and Mastership in the American College of Physicians. Dr. Cassel is board certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine in internal medicine and geriatric medicine.
See also.
American Board of Medical Specialties

</doc>
<doc id="9817751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817751" title="Ron Saul">
Ron Saul

Ronald Reed Saul (born February 5, 1948 in Butler, Pennsylvania) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Houston Oilers and the Washington Redskins. He played college football at Michigan State University and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1970 NFL Draft.
His twin brother Rich Saul, also played with the Spartans and in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="9817761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817761" title="Ladies Asian Golf Tour">
Ladies Asian Golf Tour

The Ladies Asian Golf Tour is a women's professional golf tour that was established in 2005. At that time there were five established women's professional tours in the world, of which two were in Asia, namely the LPGA of Japan Tour and the LPGA of Korea Tour. Japan and South Korea are two of the top three powers in women's professional golf, alongside the United States. The Ladies Asian Golf Tour is effectively a tour for the rest of Asia. This is comparable to the position in men's golf, where Japan has its own Japan Golf Tour and the rest of Asia has the Asian Tour. Most of the players on the tour come from Asia, but there are also representatives of various other parts of the world.
One of the tournaments is co-sanctioned by the LPGA of Korea Tour, and the winner will receive a tour card on that tour. 
Order of Merit winners.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9817765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817765" title="H. &amp; S. Pogue Company">
H. &amp; S. Pogue Company

The H. & S. Pogue Company was a Cincinnati, Ohio based department store founded by two brothers, Henry and Samuel Pogue. They first came from County Craven, Ireland to Cincinnati and worked in their uncle’s dry goods store. They later were able to buy him out and H. & S. Pogue Dry Goods Company was established in 1863. Brothers Thomas, Joseph, and William Pogue would eventually join the enterprise.
Growing with the Queen City.
The original storefront mid-block on Fourth Street between Race and Vine Streets grew quickly, soon expanding into the storefront directly west of it. Renowned architect Samuel Hannaford was chosen to design the company's flagship store in 1916, expanding the enterprise westward again right to the corner of Race Street, the result being a graceful Edwardian structure with an impressive six acres of selling space. The downtown store would be expanded again in the late 1920's when an alleyway was enclosed to provide a new mechanical and ventilation tower that included ten service and passenger elevators connecting the building's nine floors of a basement, six selling floors, and two service/storage levels. The new structure also served to functionally connect the store northward into the new Carew Tower complex, where Pogue's would occupy the lower five floors of the structure's southern side, the northern side across the Carew Tower Arcade originally being occupied by competitor Mabley & Carew.
In 1960, the downtown store modified it's layout by expanded into the first and second floors on the northern side of the Carew Tower building when Mabley & Carew moved into their own building directly across Fifth Street but returning the third-fifth floors on the southern side of the building to Carew Tower for conversion to offices. The expansion area was commonly referred to as "Pogue's Fifth Street" or "The Fifth Street Store" in company publications.
The business stayed under family ownership and management as Cincinnati's unquestioned high-end department store until 1962 when Pogue's was purchased by Associated Dry Goods Corp, at that time the third largest retailer in the United States with such nameplates as Lord & Taylor, Caldor (discount store), and Loehmann's in addition to the 16 regional chains including Pogue's. 
During its heydey of the 1920s to the 1960s, Pogue's was well known by generations of Cincinnatians for their elaborate Christmas displays, including the Enchanted Forest in the Carew Tower arcade with "Pogie and Patter," artificial deer wired with microphones into which children would whisper their Christmas wishes. In the store's fourth floor auditorium, a miniature train wound through a holiday wonderland, convenient to the Toys, Books, and Music departments.
Pogue's several restaurants were also popular with downtown shoppers and business people. The Ice Cream Bridge was created from the soda fountain of a demolished pharmacy in the Cincinnati suburb of Mariemont, and functionally connected the store's Fourth and Fifth Street stores on the second level of the Carew Tower arcade. In fact, each level of the store's parking garage (still in use as of 2014 but slated for demolition to make way for a 33-floor mixed use development) was named for a flavor of store-made ice cream available at the Ice Cream Bridge. More formal dining was available at the Camargo Room on the store's sixth floor, where an elaborate dinner buffet was served each Monday and Thursday when the downtown store offered extended hours. A snack bar in the Basement Store survived that level's conversion to non-selling space in the 1970's and remained open as the sole business in Carew Tower's lower arcade that had once included both Pogue's and rival Mabley & Carew's budget stores and the Mayflower Cafeteria operated by the Netherland Plaza Hotel.
Suburban expansion came in 1959 with the opening of a 134,500 square foot two-story branch at Kenwood Plaza with a Camargo Restaurant designed on the model of the popular Camargo Room downtown. 1962 saw the opening of a 160,000 square foot branch at Tri-County Center in Springdale with both a Camargo Restaurant and an Ice Cream Parlour based upon the downtown store's Ice Cream Bridge
Associated Dry Goods and the Long Road Down.
Whether to retire the debt for the expensive suburban expansion or a a result of it's success, the business was sold to Associated Dry Goods (ADG) in 1962 after nearly a century of family ownership and direct management. Pogue's thus joined a national network of some of the nation's finest department stores, most notably Lord & Taylor (New York City) and J.W. Robinson (Los Angeles).
Kenwood Plaza would be expanded in the late 1960's to nearly 200,000 square feet and remain the largest and most successful Pogue's branch store through the chain's existence, and by 1980 was surpassing the downtown store in annual sales. Efforts to update the Pogue image were apparent in 1970 when suburban expansion continued with a new 153,000 square foot three-level store in Northgate Mall. The palatial design of the Kenwood and Tricounty stores with their gleaming white brick, floodlit exteriors and generous landscaping, typical of an ADG sister-store Lord & Taylor branch of the period, was dropped in favor of a stark Modernist design with a striking exterior entranceway and a new casual-concept dining option called The Balcony. 
In 1972, the components of Pogue's end-game would start to take shape when ADG purchased L.S. Ayres (13 stores) and Stewart Dry Goods (7 stores) based in nearby Indianapolis and Louisville, respectively. Unlike the other ADG regional carraige trade chains, L.S. Ayres and Stewart's were the mid-market, dominant department stores in their marketplaces, more similar to Shillito's in Cincinnati or Lazarus in Columbus. ADG now had a 25-store cluster of stores across the Indiana, Ohio, and Kentucky tristate, and cost synergies between the three, while operating independently, began to be implemented. As the smallest chain within ADG, Pogue's was seen as the test ground for new CEO's and a parade of young store leaders on two to three year rotations would became commonplace in the Executive Office, unsettling to staff who had worked for up to five generations of Pogue family members who would famously roll up their sleeves and wade into the stockrooms and sales floors when peak business demanded it. Efforts to update the brand were clearly evident in the 1972 holiday catalogue, which featured a caftan-clad woman strumming a guitar rather than Pogue's traditional Christmas-themed illustrated covers.
The final Pogue's branch store would open in 1976, a modest single-level 112,000 square foot location in Florence Mall, the chain's only venture into Kentucky and the only one without a Home Store. As ADG continued to attempt to update it's Pogue's unit in the late 1970's, Tri-County's Ice Cream Parlor would be moved into the store and renamed Le Petite Cafe, and the sedate tea room-style Camargo Restaurants closed at both the Tri-County and Kenwood branches. A redesign of the Downtown store saw the Fourth and Race Street show windows removed and the sales floor made visible to the street to showcase the instantly popular Fourth Street Market with updated Housewares and Gourmet Foods departments and an upscale food bar featuring a variety of pates, salads, and wines. The food bar would hold the same appeal for a new generation of fashionable Cincinnati shoppers that the Camargo Room had held for their mothers in a more genteel era, and Fourth Street Market gave the downtown store renewed vitality and and a bustling lunchtime crowd that would, ironically, outlast Pogue's itself.
Decline, Merger, and Closure.
As the Ohio Valley suffered in the recession of the early 1980's, compounded by the deindustrialization of the Great Lakes region, the Pogue's division of ADG became unprofitable. The downtown store, in particular, had suffered severe sales declines since 1983 when a city-subsidized Saks Fifth Avenue opened directly across Race Street. Saks demands that Pogue's reduce their Race Street loading docks dramatically hurt the viability of the downtown store which had served as the receiving and distribution center for all five stores. A new standalone receiving facility in northern Kentucky only added to the losses of the H.&S. Pogue Company division, and in 1983 Pogue's was merged into their Indianapolis ADG sister division L.S. Ayres & Company in an unsuccessful effort to keep both struggling chains afloat. The merger had been anticipated by ADG senior management for several years, with the Pogue's and L.S. Ayres logos each being modified for consistency between both chains, and the Pogue's merchandise assortment being down-scaled throughout the early 1980's to the more mid-market range of L.S. Ayres. 
The corporate merger was accomplished with little fanfare and L.S. Ayres continued to operate the former Pogue locations with minimal changes for an additional three years. Interestingly, the Fourth Street Market continued to be so popular in the former downtown Pogue's location that the concept was incorporated into larger L.S. Ayres stores and a private label line of gourmet foods, "Fourth Street Market," developed.
With the age of the carriage trade department store slowly drawing to a close, ADG merged L.S. Ayres and Louisville's Stewart Dry Goods in 1985 in yet another unsuccessful effort to make the regional chains profitable. In October 1986, the failing ADG was acquired for US$2.2 billion by May Department Stores. Still unable to make the Cincinnati locations profitable, the four former Pogue's suburban locations were sold to Hess's or JCPenney in 1987 and 1988, and the downtown store shuttered. The Samuel Hannaford-designed building on Fourth Street was demolished to make way for Tower Place Mall, which would eventually fail and be shuttered in 2012; the street level of the Carew Tower sections of the store was subdivided into various nameplates of The Limited, Inc, conglomerate and the second floor converted to offices. Pogue's showplace Kenwood Plaza store would be demolished and replaced with a Nordstrom store; the Tri-County store gutted with the first level converted into a new mall entrance, a BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse, and an Ethan Allen furniture store,and the second level empty as of 2014. The Northgate store was demolished in 2008 to make way for a cinema complex that did not materialize. Ironically, only the smallest former Pogue's location continues as a department store as of 2014: The Florence Mall location sold to Hess's in 1988 would in 1993 become a Home Store site for the F.&R. Lazarus division of Federated Department Stores, with all Lazarus stored being rebranded as Macy's in 2005. 
A Facebook page for fans and former employees of the H. & S. Pogue Company was started in 2010 as "H&S Pogue Company of Cincinnati."

</doc>
<doc id="9817767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817767" title="Cessoy-en-Montois">
Cessoy-en-Montois

Cessoy-en-Montois is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Cessoyens".

</doc>
<doc id="9817780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817780" title="Western Australian state election, 2001">
Western Australian state election, 2001

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 10 February 2001 to elect all 57 members to the Legislative Assembly and all 34 members to the Legislative Council. The two-term Liberal–National coalition government, led by Premier Richard Court, was defeated by the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Dr Geoff Gallop.
The election produced the biggest change of seats at any election since 1911, with Labor winning 14 seats from the Coalition as well as an Independent-held seat, while losing the seat of Kalgoorlie for the first time since 1923 to Liberal candidate Matt Birney. Meanwhile, a minister in the outgoing Government, Doug Shave, lost his seat of Alfred Cove to Independent candidate Dr Janet Woollard, who was also a member of the Liberals for Forests party.
Results.
Legislative Assembly.
Notes:
Legislative Council.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="9817784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817784" title="Lorgius">
Lorgius

Saint Lorgius ( and San Lorgio) is venerated as a martyr. He was martyred at Caesarea Mazaca, Cappadocia. Due to a confusion in names, Lorgius is sometimes identified with the saint named Gordius, a Roman centurion who disrupted a chariot race held in honor of Mars by coming down into the arena. For this action, he was condemned to death.[http://www.santiebeati.it/dettaglio/90218] 
His feast day falls on March 2.

</doc>
<doc id="9817791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817791" title="Chailly-en-Bière">
Chailly-en-Bière

Chailly-en-Bière is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Chaillotins".

</doc>
<doc id="9817798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817798" title="Syracuse University Press">
Syracuse University Press

Syracuse University Press, founded in 1943, is a university press that is part of Syracuse University. The areas of focus for the Press include Middle East Studies, Native American Studies, Peace and Conflict Resolution, Irish Studies and Jewish Studies, among others. The Press has an international reputation in Irish Studies and Middle East Studies. It is a member of the Association of American University Presses.

</doc>
<doc id="9817807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817807" title="1997 Arena Football League season">
1997 Arena Football League season

The 1997 Arena Football League season was the 11th season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Arizona Rattlers, who defeated the Iowa Barnstormers in ArenaBowl XI.

</doc>
<doc id="9817820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817820" title="Highly Skilled Migrant Programme">
Highly Skilled Migrant Programme

The Highly Skilled Migrant Programme (HSMP) was a scheme, which has now been phased out, that was designed to allow highly skilled people to immigrate into the United Kingdom to look for work or self-employment opportunities. It was different from the standard UK work permit scheme in that applicants did not need a specific job offer in the UK. It has now been replaced by Tier 1 (General) of the new points-based immigration system for those who are already living in the U.K. with HSMP and Tier 2 for those who are currently living outside of the U.K. or living in the UK in a different immigration category.
History.
The Highly Skilled Migrant Programme was introduced on 28 January 2002. The scheme was significantly changed in two ways. First, with effect from 3 April 2006 (Immigration rule change - HC 1016) HSMP visa holders who were previously guaranteed settlement after four years now had to wait five years before applying for ILR. Secondly, on 7 November 2006 (with changes taking effect from 8 November 2006), with a points-based assessment for new applicants and those wishing to extend their stay (FLR) being introduced. This prompted protests, with many HSMP visa holders fearing that the retrospective nature of the changes will force them out of the UK, and the joint House of Commons and House of Lords Human Rights Committee criticizing the retrospective nature of the changes for breaching human rights legislation and finding that the case to revisit the retrospective nature of the changes was "overwhelming". The application of these HSMP changes to those already in the UK as HSMP holders as at 7 November 2006 was ruled as unlawful in a judicial review and the UK Border Agency subsequently honoured the FLR outcome of the judicial review, implementing a remedy which allowed impacted migrants, including those who left the country, to apply to have leave under the new points-based UK immigration system instated in place of their lost HSMP leave.
HSMP replacement: (Tier 1 General).
In March 2008, the HSMP programme was replaced by Tier 1 (General) of the new points-based immigration system. The system remains similar to the previous HSMP system, with additional points required for Maintenance/Savings, and additional points for English language ability.
HSMP and Indefinite Leave To Remain.
HSMP Forum won the ILR Review on 6 April 2009. According to the High Court Decision, the HSMP visa holders who were admitted under the HSMP scheme before the April 2006 changes will now get the Indefinite leave to remain after 4 years as originally promised to them as per the terms valid at that time, but the HSMP visa holders who admitted after April 2006 changes will get it after 5 years as per new terms.
Points system.
The HSMP system was a points-based immigration scheme, requiring a minimum of 75 points to qualify. From 8 November 2006 until closure points were awarded for educational qualifications (maximum of 50 points), past earnings based on a country banding system (45), age (20) and UK experience (5). Applicants also had to demonstrate English language ability and that they had sufficient funds to maintain themselves in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="9817826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817826" title="Eric Oemig">
Eric Oemig

Eric Oemig was an American politician from Washington state, who served as a Democrat in the Washington State Senate. Oemig was elected to the Senate in 2006 and served from January 2007-2011. Prior to politics, Oemig worked at several high-tech companies including as a performance manager at Microsoft.
In 2007, Oemig introduced and passed an innovative education performance bill to track student/teacher/school performance data. In 2008, he passed a budget data bill requiring budget performance data to be presented on the web with fly-thru pie charts and searchable links. (fiscal.wa.gov)
Other focus areas for the Senator include:
In the 2010 Legislative session, Oemig served as vice chair of the Education K-12 Committee, vice chair of the Government Operations & Elections Committee, and as a member of the Ways & Means Committee and the Water, Environment & Energy Committee.
Targeted in the 2010 general election, Oemig lost his bid for reelection.

</doc>
<doc id="9817837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817837" title="François-Joseph Duret">
François-Joseph Duret

Françoise-Joseph Duret (1732–1816) was a French sculptor. He was the father and teacher of Francisque Joseph Duret.
Son of Charles Durez, of Spanish origin, Duret was prince of the Academy of St. Luke, a member of the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture, and sculptor and decorator for Honoré Armand de Villars. His reception piece at the Academy, representing Diogenes looking for a man, is at the Museum of Fine Arts of Valenciennes. He married the daughter of his brother Jean-François Last. Joseph Duret had had several children all of whom died, before his son Francisque Joseph Duret survived, and became a renowned artist in his own right.

</doc>
<doc id="9817843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817843" title="Howard Brodie">
Howard Brodie

Howard Brodie (November 18, 1915 – September 19, 2010) was a renowned sketch artist best known for his World War II combat and courtroom sketches.
Pre-war career.
Brodie was born in Oakland, California on November 18, 1915. He briefly attended California School of Fine Arts, San Francisco. When World War II started, Howard Brodie was a sports artist for The San Francisco Chronicle. Brodie also enjoyed success as an illustrator of college football program covers.
Combat sketches.
With entry of the United States into World War II, Brodie enlisted in the Army. He became one of Yank magazine's best-known artists during the war. He sketched everything from Guadalcanal to the Battle of the Bulge and had an uncanny ability to capture the emotions of his subjects and record a scene with great attention to detail. 
He put himself in combat situations many times and, while he never carried a weapon, he worked as a medic when needed. He received the Bronze Star for valor.
Courtroom sketches.
After the war Brodie became a courtroom artist and recorded many famous trials, including those of the Chicago Seven, Charles Manson and General Westmoreland, the Ruby trial and Senate Civil Rights Debates. He was also a CBS TV Artist-Correspondent. Brodie never fully severed his ties to the military and was a combat artist in Korea, French Indochina, and Vietnam. His works can be found in the Library of Congress.
Famous works.
One of the most famous works he produced for a cover of Yank Magazine was “Portrait of a Medic” He was acclaimed for the very emotional “Compassion.” One sketch which mostly went unnoticed appeared on the cover of Yank’s Continental Edition on August 19, 1945 issue. It showed an exhausted G.I. dropping his rifle as World War II had just ended. Brodie's works are collected in "Drawing Fire: A Combat Artist at War Pacific Europe Korea Indochina Vietnam".
As the New Yorks Times has stated, "His sketch of the black militant Bobby Seale gagged and strapped to his chair became the image that epitomized the trial of the Chicago Seven, the leaders of protests at the 1968 Democratic National Convention."

</doc>
<doc id="9817853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817853" title="Eric Laakso">
Eric Laakso

Eric Henry Laakso (November 29, 1956December 25, 2010) was a retired NFL offensive tackle and guard who played seven seasons with the Miami Dolphins, a tenure which included two Super Bowls. After high school at Killingly in Danielson, CT he attended Tulane University where he majored in civil engineering and played Offensive Tackle from 1975 to 1977 and was honored as the 1976–77 Tulane Athlete of the year. Laakso was selected 106th overall by the Dolphins in the fourth round of the 1978 NFL Draft. Laakso resided in South Florida and was active with NFL Alumni functions.

</doc>
<doc id="9817865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817865" title="Topal Osman">
Topal Osman

Topal Osman Agha (1883, Giresun, Trebizond Vilayet – 1 April 1923, Ankara) was a Turkish militia leader of the late Ottoman and early Republican periods. He commanded the 42nd Giresun Volunteer Regiment and 47th Giresun Volunteer Regiment. His last rank was Lieutenant-colonel of militia ("Milis Yarbayı").
Life.
Balkan Wars.
He was a veteran of the 1912–1913 Balkan Wars, where he became lame in one foot ().
Armenian Genocide.
He made a name for himself in the spring of 1915 as commander of a squadron of gangs.
Murder of Ali Şükrü Bey.
For his work in the national movement, Osman became commander of Mustafa Kemal's special Bodyguard Regiment. and his loyal vassal Captain of militia Mustafa Kaptan was appointed the commander of the Guard Battalion of the Grand National Assembly. He choked Trabzon deputy to death on 27 March 1923, allegedly in response to Şükrü's criticism of Mustafa Kemal.
Topal Osman Affair.
Mustafa Kemal ordered İsmail Hakkı Bey, who was the commander of the Presidential Guard Battalion, to take Topal Osman and his fellows into custody. Osman was surrounded at his hideout in Seyran Bağları wards, and in the resulting exchange of fire, was wounded and captured on 1 April 1923. Later that day, under İsmail Hakkı's orders, he was executed by a shot to the head.
On 2 April, at the insistence of the "Second Group", his body was dug up and hung at the gate of the parliament building (today War of Independence Museum) for exhibition to the public. According to some sources, his decapitated corpse was hung in the Ulus Square. He now rests in Giresun.
Legacy.
Toktamış Ateş of Istanbul University claims that former primer minister Tansu Çiller had once promised to open a university in Topal's name.
A statue of him was erected in his home town of Giresun in 2007. The erection of the statue has been linked to retired General Veli Küçük, currently under arrest for serving as a member of Ergenekon. Küçük's first attempt to erect the statue was in 1981, but it was blocked by the Turkish Historical Society. Küçük tried again in 2001 but failed in his attempt after strong opposition from Mayor Mehmet Işık. It was finally erected in 2007 with the assistance of Ali Kara, chairman of the local small businessmen group of Giresun. Kara was one of the figures whose deposition was taken during the Ergenekon investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="9817873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817873" title="Delaware (grape)">
Delaware (grape)

The Delaware grape is a cultivar derived from the grape species "Vitis Labrusca" or 'Fox Grape' which is used for the table and wine production.
The skin of the Delaware grape when ripened is pale red almost pinkish in colour that has a tender skin and juicy sweet flesh. It has small fruit clusters with small berries that do not have the pronounced 'foxiness' of other Labrusca grapes. It is a slip-skin variety, meaning that the skin is easily separated from the fruit. The grapes are used to make wines including dry, sweet, icewine but is famed for spicy sparkling wines that do not have much of the objectionable foxiness character that other labrusca grapes contribute to their wines. The wine is light pink to white in colour. 
It is a commercially viable grape vine which is grown in the North East and Mid West of America and is vigorous when grafted onto a phylloxera resistant root stock. The Delaware grape is susceptible to downy mildew and ripens earlier than Concord.
The Delaware grape is also a table grape variety sold in supermarkets throughout South Korea and Japan, where labrusca grape varieties are popular for their fragrance. Delaware Punch is named for the Delaware grape from which its flavor is primarily derived.
History.
The Delaware grape was probably discovered in Frenchtown, New Jersey, but was first brought to public notice by George Campbell, of Delaware, Ohio in the 1850s. Although it is said to be an American variety its parentage is unknown and is thought to have a significant Vitis Vinifera component in its background, possibly explaining the susceptibility to fungal diseases and the requirement for grafting onto phylloxera resistant rootstock for best growth. T.V. Munson believed it to be a hybrid of "labrusca", "vinifera", and "bourquiniana", a class of vines now believed to be hybrids of Vitis aestivalis.

</doc>
<doc id="9817878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817878" title="Pinktail triggerfish">
Pinktail triggerfish

The pinktail triggerfish, "Melichthys vidua", is a species of triggerfish from reefs in the Indo-Pacific. It is very dark green (often appears almost black) with translucent whitish-pink dorsal and tail fins. They can grow up to .

</doc>
<doc id="9817895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817895" title="Military operations in the Nordic countries during World War II">
Military operations in the Nordic countries during World War II

The following is a list of military operations conducted in Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Iceland and Greenland during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="9817903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817903" title="J. C. Newman Cigar Company">
J. C. Newman Cigar Company

J.C. Newman Cigar Company was established in 1895 and is the oldest family-owned premium cigar maker in the United States. It was founded in Cleveland, Ohio by Julius Caeser Newman, a Hungarian immigrant. The business relocated to a historic 1910 cigar factory (Regensburg cigar factory) in the Cigar City of Ybor City, Florida in 1954. The family business is now in its fourth generation.
Company overview.
J.C. Newman Cigar Company manufactures and distributes premium cigars. As a Hungarian immigrant, J.C. Newman rolled his first cigars in the family barn in Cleveland in 1895. In 1954, the company moved to Tampa's Ybor City cigar district to be closer to Cuba. J.C. Newman is also the worldwide distributor for Arturo Fuente cigars, except for Western Europe. Today, J.C. Newman's cigars are sold in 80 countries around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9817908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817908" title="Chailly-en-Brie">
Chailly-en-Brie

Chailly-en-Brie is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Caïbotins".

</doc>
<doc id="9817916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817916" title="For My Crushed Right Eye">
For My Crushed Right Eye


</doc>
<doc id="9817917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817917" title="Woodsong">
Woodsong

Woodsong is a book of memoirs by Gary Paulsen. It is divided into two halves. The first half consists of Paulsen's early experiences running sled dogs in Minnesota and then in Alaska, and the latter half describes the trials he faces in the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race.
Plot summary.
No retelling of a story in which he watched brush wolves kill and devour a live doe in the woods.
This event revealed the raw, unfabricated realities of nature to him. He then recounts how he was once a beaver trapper in Minnesota, earning barely enough money from the
job to support his wife and son, and that there was no method of transportation to aid him. His neighbors assisted him by giving him a few older sled dogs, which he 
gradually learns to properly run, and begins running the trapline with them. Paulsen recounts many incidents he has undergone with his dogs on their runs, including times he has
been carried to safety by his sled dogs after breaking his knee on the trail, became violently ill in the midst of extreme cold conditions, and a variety of mysterious 
happenings in the Alaskan wilderness. In all of their adventures, he bonds closely with his dogs, particularly one named "Storm". Storm was an ideal dog that taught Paulsen many life values, including that of death. His experience running his sled dogs taught him much about nature and life.
Part One closes, and Part Two begins with Paulsen entering a team of fifteen of his dogs in the Iditarod Sled Dog Race, an approximately 1,153 mile-long sled dog race 
from Anchorage, Alaska to Nome, Alaska. The race proves to be long and arduous. Extreme cold conditions and difficult terrain put both he and his team to the test. 
He is repeatedly afflicted by lifelike hallucinations caused by extreme sleep deprivation, such as a man with a trench coat talking about educational grants, and hallucinating about a man hallucinating. But Gary is spurned onward by the beauty of the race and his devotion to the team. During the race, Gary experiences a unique feeling when he is running with his dogs. After nearly seventeen days, he at last crosses the finish line in Nome. He places last in the race, but the accomplishment and adventure is all that matters to him.

</doc>
<doc id="9817922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817922" title="Kevin Long (baseball)">
Kevin Long (baseball)

Kevin Richard Long (born December 30, 1966) is a former minor league baseball player and the current hitting coach for the New York Yankees.
Playing career.
Long graduated from Thunderbird High School in Phoenix, Arizona.
Long was a second-team All-American in 1989 at the University of Arizona and was also named first-team Pac-10 that year. A three-year letter-winner, Long still holds the Arizona record for most extra-base hits in a game (five) and ranks in the top-10 in several different statistical categories (second, extra-base hits; sixth, doubles; seventh, multi-hit games; eighth, total bases; ninth, runs scored).
Long was selected by the Kansas City Royals in the 31st round of the 1989 Major League Baseball Draft. He played in the Royals system for eight seasons, from 1989 until 1996. Long led Class-A Eugene in 1989 in games played, at bats, runs scored, hits, doubles, and RBIs. He also ranked eighth among all Northwest League hitters with his .312 batting average in his rookie season. He missed most of the 1994 season after undergoing surgery on his left wrist.
Coaching career.
At the end of spring training in 1997, Long, who was assigned to the Triple-A Omaha Royals, decided to retire, asking instead for a coaching job. Long made his professional managing debut with the Class-A Wilmington Blue Rocks in 1997. He was named the Northwest Leagues co-"Manager of the Year" after leading the Spokane Indians to the league title in 1999.
Long served as the hitting coach in the Royals organization with the Double-A Wichita Wranglers (2000–01) and Triple-A Omaha Royals (2002–03). He became the hitting coach for the Yankees' Triple-A team, the Columbus Clippers, from 2004 to 2006.
Long was promoted to hitting coach for the New York Yankees in 2007. Long guided a Yankees offense that ranked first in MLB in runs (968), hits (1,656), home runs (201), RBIs (929), team batting average (.290), slugging percentage (.463), on-base percentage (.366) and total bases (2,649). The 968 runs were the most in franchise history since 1937 (979). His offense also featured the American League MVP Alex Rodriguez, three Silver Sluggers (Derek Jeter, Jorge Posada and Rodriguez) and four of the American League's top-15 batting averages.
After a down year offensively in 2008, Long's Yankee hitters again led the league in offense during the 2009 season, in which they also won the franchise's 27th title, and lead the American League in runs again.
Following the 2010 season, the Yankees signed Long to a three-year contract.
Personal.
When Long was still a player (though he does not remember which year), he suffered an accident during an offseason job with a drywall company, when a 25-pound sledgehammer hit him in the left eye, shattering three bones.
Long resides in Scottsdale, Arizona with wife, Marcey, daughter, Britney and sons Tracy and Jaron.
During the offseason, Long works part-time for organizations such as MVP Sports Camps.

</doc>
<doc id="9817923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817923" title="Fred Dean (offensive lineman)">
Fred Dean (offensive lineman)

Frederick Gregory Dean (born March 30, 1955) is a former American football guard from (1978–1982) for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League. He later played with the Tampa Bay Bandits of the United States Football League. Dean played college football at Texas Southern University.
Dean is a former member of the football coaching staff at Howard University. He now works within the Howard University's Office of Residence Life.

</doc>
<doc id="9817930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817930" title="Balti Triangle">
Balti Triangle

The Balti Triangle is an area of Balti houses clustered along Ladypool Road, Stoney Lane and Stratford Road, to the south of Birmingham city centre, in the United Kingdom. It covers parts of Sparkbrook, Sparkhill and Balsall Heath. 
This area probably contains Birmingham's highest concentration of balti restaurants, as well as some of the oldest to be found in Britain. Birmingham is popularly believed to be the birthplace of the Balti curry. 

</doc>
<doc id="9817943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817943" title="Thursby">
Thursby

Thursby is a village near Carlisle in North West England. Historically, the village is part of Cumberland.
History.
Thursby, a small commuter village lies on an old Roman road, 6 miles south of Carlisle. Thursby takes its old name ‘Thor’s by’ from Thor, the Thunder God of the Saxons, whose temple was reputedly nearby at Kirksteads. The village is predominantly centred on the church, a Victorian building built in 1846 and funded by the Brisco family of Crofton Hall. A bit of heritage comes to Thursby with the church reportedly have been built by King David I of Scotland. Thursby has always been known as a commuter village for travellers to pass through. The Romans once passed through Thursby on their way to Carlisle. However today the village is predominately a bedroom community for the city nearby – the village is closely linked. Thursby continues to thrive and grow with active community groups and regular events occurring at the parish halls as well as sports and sporting facilities (plat area at the Jubilee Field next to Thursby Primary School). The Ship Inn provides an open fire and great pub food.
Demographics.
Thursby has a population of 1,185.
Over the last 150 years, Thursby’s population has clearly aged. However, mortality decline in the late 19th century was mainly due to the reduction of very high infant mortality rates. During the 20th century, declining fertility and improved life expectancy in later life significantly changed age structures. The presence or absence of large numbers of infants dying before their first birthday had little effect on overall age structures.
Social statistics.
This shows the social status, based on 1831 occupations. We can see that as expected, there are a large proportion of servant and manual labourers (as shown in green). At 1831, the employers would have largely been on agricultural land. However, for a rural village in the 19th century, Thursby does have a large number of middle and upper social classes compared to others. The 1831 census provides information, down to parish level but only shows occupations of males over 20.
Governance.
Thursby lies within the Workington constituency. Labour MP Tony Cunningam (elected in the 2010 general election) was elected to represent the constituency at the Houses of Parliament with 45.5% of total votes. In terms of involvement with the European Parliament residents of Thursby vote to elect MEPs for the North West England constituency.
Education.
Thursby has one primary school, "Thursby Primary School" located on School Road, post code - Cumbria CA5 6PN. The school acts a very traditional primary school on the basis that it accepts children of ages 4–11 and any ability. Governors of Thursby Primary School have described it as a "happy, vibrant village school, which is situated 6 miles west of Carlisle".
Landmarks.
While Thursby still largely remains a commuters' village there are still many attractions. There are many interesting buildings in or around the village centre (a useful map can be found at the noticeboard near the green). Traditional clay – walled buildings are a feature of Thursby, named examples includes Greenwood Cottage on the green and Rosedene Cottage opposite the church on Matty Lonning. Examples of the larger Georgian farms still exist at Holly Lodge and West House in the village centre. The more dated 17th century farmhouse at Evening Hill has elements of clay structures with outward buildings and a cart entrance found when entering south out of the village towards Curthwaite. A little further on is the Tudor – styled Evening Hill House built in 1833, with twisted candlestick chimneystacks.
Church.
St Andrews Church at the west end of Church Lane, built in 1846 is Thursby’s main church and is responsible for many organised activities from the parish council. Funded by the Brisco family, on the site of the previous church, it has been said to have been built by David I, King of Scotland. The present church has a number of monuments dating back to the its time from bells located in the tower, marble monuments to ancient font encrypted in the walls.
Transport.
There are two major roads that run through Thursby, one being the A595 and the other being the A596. These two roads link Thursby to Carlisle. Curthwaite railway station was situated nearby, closing in 1950.
Since being located in a very rural area the bus service is the only form of transport in Thursby there is limited bus services, the most prominent bus service would be the 38 run by Stagecoach. The 38 bus completes a run from Eden Street, Silloth to Carlisle Bus Station. The nearest railway stations to Thursby are Dalston (2.49 miles) and Wigton (4.59 miles).

</doc>
<doc id="9817945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817945" title="Shiho Sugiura">
Shiho Sugiura


</doc>
<doc id="9817951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817951" title="Chaintreaux">
Chaintreaux

Chaintreaux is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
Inhabitants are called "Chanterelliens".

</doc>
<doc id="9817959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817959" title="The Graduate (band)">
The Graduate (band)

The Graduate was an American indie/emo band from Springfield, Illinois.
History.
The Graduate formed in central Illinois in November 2005, after the breakup of two other local bands (Best of Winter from Quincy, Illinois and Jack from Springfield, Illinois) whose members began playing shows together. Lead singer Corey Warning said of the band's name, "None of us graduated from college. Well, we all graduated from high school, but none of us from college, so the name's kind of ironic." The band independently released an EP entitled "Horror Show" in April 2006, and toured nationally with bands such as Jack's Mannequin, The Audition, The Junior Varsity, Punchline, Waking Ashland, and Secondhand Serenade. 
In late 2006, "College Music Journal" featured The Graduate on the cover of the CMJ New Music Report for being the most added band to college radio stations during the week of December 3, 2006. 167 stations added their EP, "Horror Show" to their airplay lineup in total. On April 6, 2007, "Spin" named The Graduate its Band of the Day.
The Graduate released their debut full length album, "Anhedonia" on April 10, 2007. The band played a number of Warped Tour shows in the summer of 2007 to promote their new album as well as supporting acts such as The Audition and Spitalfield on two separate U.S. tours. They also played at Lollapalooza that year. The band then went on a short European/UK headlining tour which included playing the German music festival, Rock am See.
On November 27, 2007, The Graduate released "The Evergreen EP" as an early Christmas gift for fans. The EP includes acoustic versions of "Anhedonia" and "The City That Reads" from "Anhedonia" as well as a cover of "Blue Christmas" and a previously unreleased song "Gunslinger". The album was issued in a limited run of 5,000 copies which were given out free at FYE record stores, mostly in their home state of Illinois.
In the summer of 2008, The Graduate completed a U.S. tour with My American Heart, Secondhand Serenade, PlayRadioPlay, and Rookie of the Year. On October 31, 2008, the group's label, Icon MES, folded, and because of this, the deluxe edition of their debut entitled "Anhedonia Revisited" (which had been slated for release on November 4, 2008) was cancelled. Following a tour with Ludo and Eye Alaska in November 2008, the group announced plans to write and record their follow-up full-length.
The band signed with Razor & Tie in May 2010; Brian McTernan produced their sophomore full-length album "Only Every Time", which was released on August 31, 2010. "Only Every Time" was followed in 2011 with "Every Other Time" (a digital-only EP of B-sides) and the "Sea Legs" EP, as well as a vinyl release of "Only Every Time" on American Dream Records.
On July 1, 2011, The Graduate announced an indefinite hiatus.
On July 8, 2011, The Graduate announced that their final show would be at Reggie's Rock Club in Chicago, IL.

</doc>
<doc id="9817967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817967" title="Takeo Kanade">
Takeo Kanade


</doc>
<doc id="9817977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817977" title="Cuthwulf of Wessex">
Cuthwulf of Wessex

Cutha (Cuthwulf) was born in 600 in Wessex. His father was Cuthine of Wessex. His paternal grandfather was Ceawlin, king of Wessex. He was an only child.
He married and had one son, Ceolwald.

</doc>
<doc id="9817985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9817985" title="Moabite">
Moabite

Moabite may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9818002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818002" title="Chalautre-la-Grande">
Chalautre-la-Grande

Chalautre-la-Grande is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Chalautriers".

</doc>
<doc id="9818011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818011" title="Chalautre-la-Petite">
Chalautre-la-Petite

Chalautre-la-Petite is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Chalautriers".

</doc>
<doc id="9818021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818021" title="Steve Wilson (defensive back)">
Steve Wilson (defensive back)

Steven Anthony Wilson (born August 24, 1957) is a former American football defensive back who played for the Dallas Cowboys and Denver Broncos from 1979 to 1988. Wilson started for the Broncos in Super Bowl XXII. He played college football at Howard University in Washington, DC. He was the former head football coach at his alma mater Howard University, from 1989 to 2001, and Texas Southern University, from 2004 to 2007. Wilson led the Howard Bison football team win the Mideastern Athletic Conference (MEAC) championship in 1993 and to its only Division 1-AA (now FCS) playoff appearance in 1993.
His coaching record at Howard was 78 wins, 67 losses, and his coaching record at Texas Southern was 4 wins, 40 losses. 
His father Tom Wilson, played eight seasons in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="9818031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818031" title="Bandai (disambiguation)">
Bandai (disambiguation)

Bandai is a Japanese toy manufacturer.
Bandai may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9818042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818042" title="Psidium guajava">
Psidium guajava

The apple guava or common guava (Psidium guajava; known as "goiaba" in Portuguese and "guayaba" in Spanish) is an evergreen shrub or small tree native to the Caribbean, Central America and South America. It is easily pollinated by insects; in culture, mainly by the common honey bee, "Apis mellifera".
Overview.
Widely cultivated in tropical and subtropical regions around the world, guava fruits can range in size from as small as an apricot to as large as a grapefruit. Various cultivars have white, pink, or red flesh, and a few also feature red (instead of green) skin.
When cultivated from seed, guavas are notable for an extremely slow growth rate for several months, before a very rapid acceleration in growth rate takes over. From seed, common guavas may bloom and set fruit in as few as 2 years, or as many as 8. Cuttings and grafting are more commonly used as a propagation method in commercial groves. Highly adaptable, guavas can be easily grown as container plants in temperate regions, though their ability to bloom and set fruit is somewhat less predictable. In some tropical locales, guavas can become invasive. It has become a major problem in the Galápagos Islands.
The plant is used in many different shampoo products for its scent. It is also becoming a popular bonsai species and is currently quite popular in India and Eastern Asia.
Climate and soil.
Owing to its hardy nature, guava is grown successfully in tropical and subtropical regions up to 1,500 m above mean sea-level. Best quality guavas are obtained where low night temperatures (10 °C) prevail during winter. It tolerates high temperatures and drought conditions in North India during summers but it is susceptible to severe frost as it can kill the young plants. An annual rainfall of about is sufficient during the rainy season (July- September). The rains during harvesting period, however, deteriorate the quality of fruits.
Guava is cultivated on varied types of soils- heavy clay to very light sandy soils. Nevertheless, very good quality guavas are produced in river-basins. It tolerates a soil pH of 4.5-8.2. Maximum concentration of its feeding roots is available up to 25 cm soil depth. Thus the top soil should be quite rich to provide enough nutrients for accelerating new growth which bears fruits.
Varieties.
The varietals characteristics in guava are not as distinct as found in majority of other
fruits. Its propagation through seeds reduces the distinctive characteristics of a variety in commercial cultivation. Important guava varieties are:
Lucknow 49
Also known as Sardar, its fruits are large, roundish ovate in shape, skin primrose yellow and pulp white, very sweet and tasty. The TSS and vitamin C contents are high. The trees are vigorous.
Allahabad Safeda
The most famous variety of Allahabad, it has acquired large variations due to seed propagation. The fruits are large in size, round in shape, skin smooth and yellowish white. The flesh is white, firm, soft having pleasant flavour, high TSS and vitamin C content. The seeds are numerous, bold and hard. The trees are tall with profuse branching and broad crown. It can withstand drought conditions.
Chittidar
The variety is very popular in western Uttar Pradesh. The fruits are characterized by numerous red dots on the skin, high sweetness, and small and soft seeds. It is otherwise similar to Allahabad safeda fruits in size, shape and pulp. It has higher TSS content than Allahabad Safeda and Lucknow 49 but lower vitamin C content. The tree characters resemble to those of Allahabad Safeda.
Harijha
Harijha is more popular in Bihar because of profuse bearing. The trees are of medium vigour due to sparse branching. The fruit is round in shape, medium large in size and greenish yellow in color. Flavour is sweet with good keeping quality.
Hafshi
It is a red- fleshed guava having good taste. It is mainly grown in Bihar. Fruit is of moderately big sized, spherical in shape with thin skin. Trees are of medium vigour but productive.
Apple guava
Its fruits are medium sized and pink colored. They are sweet in taste with good keeping quality. They require low temperature for the development of good pink color. The trees are of medium vigour but their leaves are greener than others. However, it is a moderate yielder.
Fruits of sebia
(looking like apple) variety low temperature for the development of good pink color. The trees are of medium vigour but their leaves are greener than others. However, it is a moderate yielder.
Seedless
All the seedless varieties viz. Saharanpur Seedless, Nagpur seedless and others, are the same. Two types of fruits, completely seedless and partly seeded, are borne on a plant of seedless variety. The completely seedless fruits develop on the shoots rising from the stem and these are bigger in size and irregular in shape. The partly seeded fruits are born on normal shoots at the periphery and are small in size and round in shape. Seedless variety is unfit for commercial cultivation because it gives very low yield. The plants are very vigorous.
Arka Mridula
This is a seedling selection of variety Allahabad Safeda. Its medium sized fruits are of excellent quality with high TSS. The white pulp has only few soft seeds. The plants are of medium vigour but high yielding.
Allahabad Surkha
Allahabad Surkha is an outstanding variety of large, uniform pink fruits with deep pink flesh. The plants produce up to 120 kg fruits in its sixth year of fruiting. The fruit is sweet, strongly flavoured with few seeds and is slightly depressed at both ends. The plants are vigorous, dome shaped and compact.
Chemistry.
The leaves of "P. guajava" contains the flavonol morin, morin-3-O-lyxoside, morin-3-O-arabinoside, quercetin and quercetin-3-O-arabinoside.

</doc>
<doc id="9818048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818048" title="Reïna-Flor Okori">
Reïna-Flor Okori

Reina-Flor Okori (born 2 May 1980 in Libreville, Gabon) is a French hurdler of Equatoguinean and Nigerian origins.
Okori was born in Gabon after her parents fled Equatorial Guinea, due to the political persecution during the dictatorship of Francisco Macías Nguema. Her grandparents were Equatoguineans, each with different ethnic groups, except for her paternal grandfather (an Igbo man from Nigeria).
As a junior she finished tenth in long jump at the 1996 World Junior Championships and won the 1999 European Junior Championships in 100 metres hurdles.
She finished fifth at the 2001 Summer Universiade and sixth at the 2007 European Indoor Championships. She competed at the 2004 Olympics, the 2005 European Indoor Championships, the 2005 World Championships and the 2006 European Championships, without reaching the final.
At the 2008 Olympics, Okori reached the semi-finals of the 100 metres hurdles. She repeated this feat at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but was disqualified in the semi-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="9818059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818059" title="Yeast flocculation">
Yeast flocculation

Yeast flocculation typically refers to the clumping together (flocculation) of brewing yeast once the sugar in a beer has been fermented into ethyl alcohol. In the case of "top-fermenting" ale yeast ("Saccharomyces cerevisiae"), the yeast creates a "crust" on the top of the liquid, unlike with "bottom-fermenting" lager yeast ("Saccharomyces uvarum") where the yeast falls to the bottom of the brewing vessel.
Cell aggregation occurs throughout microbiology, in bacteria, filamentous algae, fungi and yeast (Lewin, 1984; Stratford, 1992). Yeast are capable of forming three aggregates; mating aggregates, for DNA exchange; chain formation; and flocs as a survival strategy in adverse conditions (Calleja, 1987). Brewing strains are polyploid so mating aggregates do not occur. Therefore only chain formation and flocculation are of relevance to the brewing industry.
Yeast flocculation is distinct from agglomeration (‘grit’ formation), which is irreversible and occurs most commonly in bakers yeast when strains fail to separate when resuspended (Guinard and Lewis, 1993). Agglomeration only occurs following the pressing and rehydration of yeast cakes and both flocculent and non-flocculent yeast strains have been shown to demonstrate agglomeration (Guinard and Lewis, 1993). It is also distinct from the formation of biofilms, which occur on a solid substrate.
Louis Pasteur is erroneously credited with first describing flocculation of brewer’s yeast. Brewers yeast flocculation has been the subject of many reviews (Stewart et al., 1975; Stewart and Russell, 1986; Calleja, 1987; Speers et al., 1992; Jin and Speers, 1999). Flocculation has been defined as the reversible, non-sexual aggregation of yeast cells that may be dispersed by specific sugars (Burns, 1937; Lindquist, 1953, Eddy, 1955; Masy et al., 1992) or EDTA (Burns, 1937; Lindquist, 1953). The addition of nutrients other than sugars has been demonstrated not to reverse flocculation (Soares et al., 2004). This is as opposed to mating aggregates formed as a prelude to sexual fusion between complementary yeast cells (Calleja, 1987).
For flocculation to occur the yeast must be flocculent and the environmental conditions (such as agitation, absence of sugars, a microamount of Ca2+, ethanol, etc.; Jin and Speers 1999). Several factors are important in cell-to-cell binding such as surface charge, hydrophobic effects and zymolectin interactions (see following). The importance of these forces in brewing yeast flocculation was unrecognized but work by Speers et al. (2006) have indicated the importance of zymolectin and hydrophobic interactions. As the cells are too large to be moved by Brownian motion, for binding of two or more cells to occur the cells must subjected to low level of agitation.
Zymolectin Interaction Theory.
The accepted mechanism of flocculation involves a protein-carbohydrate model (Miki et al., 1982) (figure 1.3). Fully flocculent yeast cells exhibit carbohydrate α-mannan receptors and protein zymolectins (section 1.5.4). Zymolectins are so termed as they may not be true bivalent lectins (Speers, Smart, Stewart and Jin,1998) It has been suggested that zymolectin interactions between the protein and mannan moities results in the flocculation phenotype (section 4.1) with Ca2+ ions required for the correct conformation of the flocculation lectins. Coflocculation between Kluyveromyces and Schizosaccharomyces has been shown to be by a “lectinic” mechanism (El-Behhari et al., 2000). This theory explains the essential role of calcium and how deproteinisation affects flocculation.
Flocculation Zymolectins and Phenotypes.
Three flocculation phenotypes have been elucidated based on the zymolectins they produce: Flo1 (Stratford and Assinder, 1991) NewFlo (Stratford and Assinder, 1991) and Mannose Insensitive (MI) (Masy et al., 1992; Dengis and Rouxhet, 1997). These flocculation phenotypes differ in the time of the onset of flocculation and the sugar inhibition of flocculation. Flocculation has also been classified according to time of onset and floc morphology.
The genetic control of yeast flocculation has not been extensively studied. Recent reports suggest genes encoding lectin-like proteins exhibit close sequence homology (Jin and Speers, 1991, 1999; Smart, 2001). Furthermore it seems that FLO genes have interchangeable functions that can compensate for one another (Guo et al., 2000).
Flocculation Phenotypes.
The "Flo1" phenotype is inhibited by mannose (Burns, 1937; Miki et al., 1982; Nishihara and Toraya, 1987; Kihn et al., 1988; Stratford, 1989; Stratford and Assinder, 1991) occurs in both ale and lager strains (Miki, 1982; Stratford and Assinder, 1991; Masy et al., 1992; Smit et al., 1982; Stratford, 1993; Stratford and Carter, 1993; Teunissen et al., 1993; Teunissen et al., 1995a, b; Bony et al., 1997; Braley and Chaffin, 1999; Fleming and Pennings, 2001; He et al., 2002; Verstrepen et al., 2003) and is associated with the FLO1 gene (Watari, 1991 Masy et al., 1992; Stratford, 1993; Stratford and Carter, 1993; Teunissen et al., 1993; Teunissen et al., 1995a, b; Bony et al., 1997; Braley and Chaffin, 1999). 
The "NewFlo" phenotype differs from that of Flo1 in several ways. Firstly NewFlo flocculation is inhibited by mannose, glucose and maltose (Stratford and Assinder, 1991; Masy, 1992; Rhymes, 1999). Secondly the NewFlo lectin is putatively encoded by the FLO10 gene (Guo et al., 2000; Smart, 2001) and may not expressed until stationary phase onset (Stratford, 1989; Stratford and Assinder, 1991; D’Hautcourt and Smart, 1999). It is argued that lectin maturation occurs some fourteen hours after the cessation of cell division (Stratford, 1989; Stratford and Assinder, 1991; Masy 1992; D’Hautcourt and Smart, 1999) and is therefore not concomitant with entry into stationary phase, although this is strain dependent (D’Hautcourt and Smart, 1999; Verstrepen et al., 2003). However the molecular proof of this maturation is near non-existent. The picture is complicated by changes in cell surface hydrophobicity and CO2 driven shear which confounds flocculation measurements often erroneously solely attributed to zymolectin interactions.While flocculation (clumping and settling) occurs at this time this flocculation occurs as a result of changes in hydrophobicity and a decline in shear due to which is in turn to low CO2 evolution. 
The "MI" phenotype appears to occur in ale but not lager strains (Masy et al., 1992; Dengis and Rouxhet, 1997; Jin and Speers, 1999) and is considered to be a rare phenotype. The FLO11 gene has however been identified as being essential for flocculation in S. bayanus (Ishigami et al., 2004) and characteristics such as invasive growth and pseudohyphal formation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae (Lo and Dranginis, 1998; Gagiano et al., 1999; Gancedo, 2001; Gagiano et al., 2002; Gagiano et al., 2003; Verduzco-Luque et al., 2003; Vivier et al., 2003; Guldener et al., 2004). Although this flocculation phenotype has not been fully characterised, it is differentiated from other flocculation phenotypes by a lack of inhibition of the zymolectin-like reaction in the presence of mannose (Dengis and Rouxhet, 1997; Guo et al., 2000; Smart, 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="9818064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818064" title="Hudsonville High School">
Hudsonville High School

Hudsonville High School, or HHS, is a public high school located in Hudsonville, Michigan. It is part of Hudsonville Public School District, which also includes seven elementary schools, two middle schools, and a freshman campus school.
Academics.
In 2005-2006 Michigan used the Michigan Educational Assessment Program High School 
Test (MEAP HST) to assess students in grades 10 through 12 in reading, science, writing, math, and social studies. The reading, science, writing and math results for grade 12 are displayed. The MEAP HST is a standards-based test, which means it measures how well students are mastering specific skills defined for each grade by the State of Michigan. The goal is for all students to score at or above the state standard.
Reading.
"*The state average for Reading was 70% in 2006."
Science.
"*The state average for Science was 57% in 2006."
Writing.
"*The state average for Writing was 55% in 2006."
Math.
"*The state average for Math was 52% in 2006."
Athletics.
Currently they are in the Ottawa-Kent Conference Red Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9818067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818067" title="Chalifert">
Chalifert

Chalifert is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne département in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Chaliférois".

</doc>
<doc id="9818072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818072" title="Edobacomab">
Edobacomab

Edobacomab, codenamed E5, is a mouse monoclonal antibody that was investigated as a possible treatment for sepsis caused by Gram-negative bacterial infections.

</doc>
<doc id="9818079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818079" title="Odeon of Agrippa">
Odeon of Agrippa

The Odeon of Agrippa was a large concert hall located in the centre of the Ancient Agora of Athens. It was built about 15 BCE, occupying what had previously been open space in the centre of the agora. It was a gift to the people of Athens by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa, a Roman statesman and general. 
The two-storey auditorium seated around 1,000 spectators and was equipped with a raised stage and marble-paved orchestra. On three sides it was surrounded by a subterranean cryptoporticus with stoae above. The building was decorated externally with Corinthian pilasters. The main entrance for spectators was originally on the south side of the building, with access from the terrace of the Middle Stoa. The north facade only had a small portico to give access to the stage. 
Unfortunately the of the auditorium eventually caused the roof to collapse in around 150 CE. The Odeon was rebuilt as a smaller lecture hall, seating only 500 and a more elaborate facade was added to the north side. Its massive pillars were carved in the form of 'giants' (snake tails) and 'tritons' (fish tails).
The Odeon was finally destroyed in 267 CE by the Herulians. A sprawling palace was built on the site in the early 5th century CE with the pillars of the northern facade being used to create a monumental entrance. 

</doc>
<doc id="9818084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818084" title="Marek Żuławski">
Marek Żuławski

Marek Żuławski (13 April 1908 in Rome – 30 March 1985 in London), was a painter and graphic artist, son of Jerzy Żuławski. He created posters ("Gordon Bennet", 1935), still life and landscape paintings, figural compositions. Marek published essays about art: "Od Hogartha do Bacona" (1973), "Romantyzm, klasycyzm i z powrotem" (1976). 
He also wrote a two-part autobiography, "Studium do autoportretu" (1980), which has recently been republished in its full trilogy form by the publishing house Oficyna Wydawnicza Kucharski.
His second wife, Halina Korn, was also an artist.

</doc>
<doc id="9818089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818089" title="Jon Deak">
Jon Deak

Jon Deak (born April 27, 1943) is an American composer, contrabassist and education specialist. He is former Associate Principal Bassist of the New York Philharmonic, a position he held from 1973-2009 after joining the Philharmonic in 1969 under Leonard Bernstein, and a prominent contemporary composer of orchestral and chamber works. He currently serves as the Young Composers Advocate of the New York Philharmonic, where he founded the award winning Very Young Composers Program 13 years ago.
Jon Deak was born in Hammond, Indiana and grew up in an artistic environment. His father and mother were sculptors and painters from Eastern Europe; he himself has worked in sculpture and was active in the "performance art" movement in New York's Soho district. He attended Oberlin College, The Juilliard School, the University of Illinois, and the Conservatorio di Santa Cecilia in Rome as a Fulbright scholar. 
His compositions have been performed at music festivals worldwide and by orchestras including the New York Philharmonic, National Symphony Orchestra, Minnesota Orchestra, Cincinnati Symphony, Seattle Symphony, New Jersey Symphony Orchestra, Atlanta Symphony, Colorado Symphony Orchestra, Rochester Philharmonic and major chamber groups around the country. His Concerto for Double Bass and Orchestra (Jack and the Beanstalk) was nominated for the 1990 Pulitzer Prize by the National Symphony. His compositions have been recorded by Centaur, CRI, Innova, and Cabrillo records. 
Deak founded The Very Young Composers Program in one school in Denver, and has rapidly expanded it to an international program found in multiple public schools in New York City, seven cities across the US, and seven foreign countries throughout the world, as well as developing a followup curriculum in New York City called The Bridge. 
He has performed throughout the world, including joining the International Orchestra formed by Leonard Bernstein in 1989 as the Berlin wall was coming down. Currently he travels the world as Very Young Composers education specialist developing project with El Sistema in Venezuela and education organizations in Finland, South Korea, Japan, Norway, and other countries. 
Deak currently lives in New York City with his family including his children Nicky, Forrest, Selena, and Alex. He is an outspoken environmental advocate and wilderness mountaineer who has led climbing expeditions into the Canadian Rockies, Alaska, and the Himalayas. 

</doc>
<doc id="9818090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818090" title="Sam Enthoven">
Sam Enthoven

Sam Enthoven is a children's author who was born in 1974 and lives in North London. He is a graduate of the University of Manchester. He worked for ten years as a bookseller before writing "The Black Tattoo". His second book is "TIM Defender of the Earth", and his newest book, "Crawlers", has been entered for the Bolton book award 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9818099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818099" title="Indium (111In) imciromab">
Indium (111In) imciromab

Indium (111In) imciromab (trade name Myoscint) is a mouse monoclonal antibody labelled with the radioisotope Indium-111. It was used for cardiac imaging, but withdrawn in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9818102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818102" title="1996 Arena Football League season">
1996 Arena Football League season

The 1996 Arena Football League season was the tenth season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Tampa Bay Storm, who defeated the Iowa Barnstormers in ArenaBowl X. The AFL finally stabilized its scheduled number of games. It expanded to a 14-game season, which would remain until 2003. Previously, the scheduled number of games had not stayed the same for more than three years.
Team Movement.
The Texas Terror were welcomed as an expansion team.
Meanwhile, the Fort Worth Cavalry were relocated to Minneapolis and became the Minnesota Fighting Pike; the Las Vegas Sting moved to Anaheim, California, becoming the Anaheim Piranhas, and the Miami Hooters were renamed to the Florida Bobcats. The franchise rights to the Denver Dynamite were sold and the team announced they would return in 1997 as the Nashville Kats

</doc>
<doc id="9818118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818118" title="Sevogle River">
Sevogle River

The Sevogle River is a Canadian river in central New Brunswick. It consists of two branches, the North Sevogle and South Sevogle Rivers. Below the confluence of these rivers at the Square Forks, the river is properly referred to as the "Big Sevogle River". This name serves to distinguish it from the "Little Sevogle River", a much smaller tributary to the Northwest Miramichi River.
The Mi'kmaq may have referred to the river as "Sewokulook", "river of many cliffs", or as "Elmunakuncheech", meaning "little beaver hole".
The river rises in the Big Bald Mountain area of the Miramichi Highlands, a region in north-central Northumberland County. The river flows southeast through heavy forests before joining the Northwest Miramichi River at Big Hole Tract at Indian Reserve 8, several kilometres northeast of Red Bank.
The Sevogle River is noted for its Atlantic Salmon fishing, and one of the major salmon pools near the mouth of the river was leased and controlled for many years by the Colgate family of the United States.
The annual Atlantic Salmon Run occurs from mid-June through late September. Angling for Atlantic Salmon in the river is restricted to fly fishing only and all large salmon must be released.

</doc>
