<doc id="9806792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806792" title="John McCain presidential campaign, 2008">
John McCain presidential campaign, 2008

The John McCain presidential campaign of 2008 began when John McCain, the senior United States Senator from Arizona, launched his second candidacy for the presidency of the United States in an unsuccessful bid to win the 2008 presidential election. His candidacy, in the works for a number of years, was informally announced on February 28, 2007 during a live taping of the "Late Show with David Letterman", and formally announced on April 25, 2007. His running mate for vice president was Sarah Palin, the Governor of Alaska, announced on August 29, 2008.
If McCain had won the election in 2008, he would have been the oldest person to assume the Presidency in history upon initial ascension to office at age 72, and the second-oldest president to be inaugurated. He addressed concerns about his age and past health concerns (melanoma in 2000), stating in 2005 that his health was "excellent." Had he been victorious in 2008, he would also have become the first President of the United States not to be born in the current 50 states (he was born in Panama within the Panama Canal Zone which was under American control), and the first sitting U.S. Senator since John F. Kennedy to win the presidency. He would also have been the first president from Arizona. His running mate, Palin, was the first Alaskan on a nominated major-party presidential ticket, and the first woman to represent the Republican Party on a nominated presidential ticket.
McCain began the campaign as the apparent frontrunner among Republicans, with a strategy of appearing as the establishment, inevitable candidate; his campaign website featured an Associated Press article describing him as " political celebrity". He made substantial overtures towards elements of the Republican base that had resisted his 2000 insurgency campaign. However, he soon fell behind in polls and fundraising; by July 2007 his campaign was forced to restructure its size and operations. The tide of Republican sentiment against immigration reform legislation he sponsored also led to the erosion of his lead.
Towards the end of 2007, McCain began a resurgence, which was capped by his January 2008 wins in the New Hampshire, South Carolina, and Florida primaries. This made him the front-runner for the Republican nomination. On Super Tuesday, McCain won both the majority of states and delegates in the Republican primaries, giving him a commanding lead toward the Republican nomination. McCain clinched a majority of the delegates and became the presumptive Republican nominee with wins in several more primaries on March 4. The following day, President George W. Bush endorsed McCain at the White House.
In the general election against Democratic nominee Barack Obama, McCain trailed most of the time, only gaining a lead in national polls for a period after the Palin announcement and the 2008 Republican National Convention. The dominant issue of the campaign became the financial crisis of 2008. Unable to gain traction against Obama in presidential debates, the final stages of the campaign saw McCain criticizing Obama for being a "redistributionist" and adopting symbols such as Joe the Plumber. On November 4, 2008, Obama defeated McCain in the presidential election, winning with a 365–173 electoral college vote margin and a 53%–46% percent popular vote edge.
Leading up to the announcement.
McCain's oft-cited strengths as a potential presidential candidate in 2008 included national name recognition, sponsorship of major lobbying and campaign finance reform initiatives and leadership in exposing the Abramoff scandal.
He was well-known for his military service (including years as a tortured POW) and competing in the 2000 presidential campaign, in which he won the New Hampshire primary before eventually losing the nomination to George W. Bush. McCain also impressed many Republicans with his strong support for President Bush's re-election campaign in 2004, and his role in the confirmation of many of Bush's judicial nominees. Since 1993, he also has served as chairman of the International Republican Institute, a U.S. government-funded organization involved in supporting political democracy around the world.
A "Time" magazine poll dated January 2007 showed McCain deadlocked with possible Democratic opponent Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton at 46%; in the same poll McCain trailed Democratic Senator Barack Obama 41% to 48%. An earlier "Time" poll indicated that more Americans were familiar with McCain than any of the other frontrunners, including Obama and Republican candidate and former Mayor of New York Rudy Giuliani. During the 2006 election cycle, McCain attended 346 events and raised more than $10.5 million on behalf of Republican candidates. He also donated nearly $1.5 million to federal, state and county parties.
In May 2006, McCain gave the commencement address at Jerry Falwell's Liberty University. During his 2000 presidential bid, McCain had called Falwell an "agent of intolerance." With significant coverage during the campaign, McCain said that he would never back down from his earlier statement. His later appearance at Liberty University prompted questions about the McCain-Falwell relationship and a possible presidential run in 2008. McCain backtracked and stated that Falwell is no longer as divisive and the two have discussed their shared values. McCain delivered a similar address at The New School commencement in Madison Square Garden. McCain was booed, and several students and professors turned their backs or waved fliers reading "McCain does not speak for me." McCain's speech mentioned his unwavering support for the Iraq War and focused on hearing opposing viewpoints, listening to each other, and the relevance of opposition in a democracy.
Announcement.
McCain informally announced his candidacy on the Wednesday, February 28, 2007 telecast of the "Late Show with David Letterman".
He then announced his formal candidacy for the presidency of the United States and in turn, his intention to seek the nomination of the Republican Party for the 2008 presidential election, shortly after noon in Prescott Park on the waterfront of Portsmouth, New Hampshire on Wednesday, April 25, 2007. In his announcement, McCain emphasized that "America should never undertake a war unless we are prepared to do everything necessary to succeed," and he also stated that, "I'm not running for President to be somebody, but to do something; to do the hard but necessary things not the easy and needless things." The audience was somewhat listless. He then visited Saint Anselm College and several other spots around Manchester, New Hampshire on a cold rainy day, before starting a planned three-day campaign rally in South Carolina, Iowa, Nevada, and Arizona.
Campaign staff and policy team.
On July 2, 2008, Steve Schmidt was given "full operational control" of McCain's campaign. Schmidt had managed Arnold Schwarzenegger's 2006 re-election and was a top Dick Cheney aide. Rick Davis was the previous campaign manager. He was previously the campaign's chief executive and changed position when John Weaver, McCain's chief aide, and Terry Nelson, his campaign manager, resigned on July 11, 2007. Davis was campaign manager during McCain's 2000 presidential campaign, when Weaver had been McCain's chief campaign strategist.
Other top staffers included McCain's former chief of staff Mark Salter and long-time political strategist Charlie Black who worked for Reagan, both Bushes and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham. Former Bush advisor Mark McKinnon also worked for the campaign before leaving in May 2008 to avoid working against Barack Obama. Jill Hazelbaker was the campaign's chief spokeswoman. McCain's press secretary was Melissa Shuffield.
Neoconservative pundit Bill Kristol served as a foreign policy advisor. Randy Scheunemann, a board member of the Project for the New American Century, was hired in January 2007 as McCain's foreign-policy aide. He was the top advisor for security and international issues. Douglas Holtz-Eakin was a senior policy adviser and Nicolle Wallace was senior adviser on message.
Campaign developments 2007.
Initial stages.
By a few weeks prior to making his announcement on "Letterman", McCain was already beginning to trail behind former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani in the polls, a situation attributed to his steadfast support for the Iraq War troop surge of 2007.
In March 2007, with considerable press attention and in hopes of reigniting his efforts, McCain brought back the "Straight Talk Express" campaign bus that he had used to much positive effect in his outsider run in 2000. Like many candidates, McCain took to the internet in order to help boost his campaign; appealing to younger audiences by creating Facebook and MySpace pages, along with an account on YouTube.
Claims about Iraq safety.
McCain supported the Iraq War troop surge of 2007 proposed by President George W. Bush. On March 28, 2007, McCain said that, "General Petraeus goes out Baghdad almost every day in an unarmed humvee". On March 29, CNN's John Roberts reported, "I checked with General Petraeus’s people overnight and they said he never goes out in anything less than an up-armored humvee." On the same day, McCain also said that, "There are neighborhoods in Baghdad where you and I could walk through those neighborhoods, today... The US is beginning to succeed in Iraq." On the same day, retired U.S. Army General Barry McCaffrey issued a report saying, "... no Iraqi government official, coalition soldier, diplomat, reporter could walk the streets of Baghdad without heavily armed protection".
On April 1, 2007, McCain and other lawmakers visited a Baghdad market and claimed that "things are better and there are encouraging signs". The visit was accompanied by enormous security measures, as McCain himself wore a bullet-proof vest, and was surrounded by more than 100 troops and escorted by attack helicopters. The day after McCain's visit, 21 workers and children from the market were killed in a suicide bombing.
Missed votes in Senate.
In May 2007, it was reported that McCain had missed 42 consecutive votes (five straight weeks) in the Senate while he was conducting his presidential campaign. From March to May, McCain only attended three-floor votes in the Senate, though none of McCain's missed votes altered a bill's fate. According to "Washington Post" statistics, McCain missed more votes than any Senator including Tim Johnson, who missed many votes after suffering a brain hemorrhage in December 2006. As of August 2008, McCain had missed 63.8% of votes in the 110th Congress during his campaign. Because of their majority status, Senate Democrats could sometimes delay votes in order to accommodate the schedules of Democratic presidential candidates.
Immigration bill.
As early as 2005, McCain conducted bipartisan efforts with fellow Senator Ted Kennedy to create a bill — the Secure America and Orderly Immigration Act — that would have changed America's immigration policy and provide a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants already in the country. Later McCain championed the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007.
In an interview in June 2007, potential candidate Fred Thompson criticized Reagan's immigration policy of 1986, saying: "Twelve million illegal immigrants later, we are now living in a nation that is beset by people who are suicidal maniacs and want to kill countless innocent men, women and children around the world. We're sitting here now with essentially open borders." McCain responded,"I travel around the country extensively and that's certainly not the impression I have. I have not detected a nation full of suicidal maniacs." A Thompson spokesman said he was not calling immigrants "suicidal maniacs" but rather saying that terrorists could infiltrate the borders.
Iowa Straw Poll.
In June 2007, McCain drew some criticism for dropping out of the August Iowa Straw Poll. Some Republican officials felt the move could be seen as "dissing Iowa." In response, a man in a chicken suit, known as the Iowa Chicken, began demonstrating at McCain's appearances in Iowa and carrying a sign reading "you balked at the straw poll." Despite this, McCain maintained that he was still planning on competing in the Iowa Caucus. Some political observers have opined that the Straw Poll results are bought by campaigns.
However, polls taken in June showed that McCain's Iowa support had dropped to the single digits, from the mid-20s to 6%.
Campaign downsizing and restructuring.
McCain's second quarter 2007 fundraising results and campaign financials were poor. Both McCain supporters and political observers pointed to McCain's support for the Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act of 2007, very unpopular among the Republican base electorate, as a primary cause of his fundraising problems.
Large-scale campaign staff downsizing took place in early July, with 50 to 100 staffers let go and others taking pay cuts or switching to no pay. McCain's aides said the campaign was considering taking public matching funds, and would focus its efforts on the early primary and caucus states. McCain however said he was not considering dropping out of the race.
Fellow Senator, but Immigration Reform Act opponent, Tom Coburn wrote a piece for "National Review" praising McCain for showing great political courage in sticking behind the Act even though it was damaging his presidential hopes.
Campaign shakeups reached the top level on July 10, 2007, when campaign manager Terry Nelson and campaign chief strategist John Weaver both departed. Another senior aide and co-author of McCain's books, Mark Salter, reduced his role in the campaign as well (he would later return to a full role). McCain's co-chair for his Florida campaign, State Rep Bob Allen, was arrested on July 11, 2007, on charges of sexual sollicitation (prostitution). In addition, on July 16, 2007, nine members of McCain's staff, including Brian Jones, McCain's communications director, and two deputies, Matt David and Danny Diaz, announced their resignations.
"Living off the Land".
Following the upheaval, the new McCain campaign put out a plan for how to continue on. Entitled "Living Off the Land: A Plan for Financial Viability", it called for expenses to be greatly cut and for McCain to take advantage of free media such as debates and sponsored events. McCain would focus on the early caucus and primary states, instead of trying to run a nationally-scoped effort, would try to "win debates and outperform other candidates," and thereby regain momentum and recapture the faith of potential donors.
McCain's strategy was hampered by several other events within the Republicans dominating the political discussion in the ensuing months: Fred Thompson's entry into the race in early September; the focus in debates over battles between Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney; and the discussion over the impact of Romney's religion. Mike Huckabee's sudden surge from the second tier into near-frontrunner status dominated much of the news in November and December 2007. Nevertheless, McCain persevered, riding his "Straight Talk Express" bus through New Hampshire and, as in the past, granting reporters and bloggers far more direct access than would other campaigns.
December 2007: Comeback.
In the final months before the caucuses and primaries began, McCain had still not nearly reclaimed his previous front-runner status. However, the Republican race was quite unsettled, with none of the top-tier candidates dominating the race and all of them possessing major vulnerabilities. Huckabee's ascendence was damaging to Romney, as they traded shots during the days leading up to the Iowa caucuses. Romney and Huckabee put much of their early efforts into Iowa, making the caucus particularly crucial for each of them. Giuliani's campaign was suffering from conflicts regarding strategy, damaging revelations about his personal life and the federal indictment of longtime ally and friend Bernard Kerik. Thompson's campaign had not gained momentum after his late entry to the race and had been described as "lackluster". Through November, McCain had put little effort into Iowa, instead focusing on New Hampshire, where he had staged a big win in his 2000 campaign. By mid-December McCain had climbed back to second place in some New Hampshire polls, and also hoped to benefit from independents, who are able to vote in the New Hampshire Republican primary. Political observers also saw McCain as the "second choice" of many voters, one who could benefit from the troubles of Romney and Giuliani in particular.
McCain's candidacy in New Hampshire was bolstered by a December 2 endorsement from the often-influential "New Hampshire Union Leader". This was followed by an endorsement from "The Boston Globe", which is circulated within New Hampshire, on December 15. He was endorsed by the smaller "Portsmouth Herald" on December 16, and by the "Boston Herald" on December 20. The Boston Herald endorsement prompted McCain to state in an ad that "Romney's hometown newspaper says the choice is clear: John McCain". These coincided with an unusual national candidate-level, cross-party endorsement of McCain by 2000 Democratic vice-presidential nominee Joe Lieberman on December 16; the McCain camp hoped that this would help him appeal to independent voters in New Hampshire. McCain also won the endorsement of the influential "Des Moines Register" in Iowa, which surprised even McCain because he had not focused many resources on the state, and because of his opposition to federal subsidies for ethanol - a favorite issue of Iowan farmers. By a few days before Christmas, there were multiple press reports of a "McCain surge", with poll numbers improving both in early states — including Iowa — and nationwide. The New Hampshire resurgence was further confirmed by Romney now changing the focus of his criticisms from Giuliani to McCain. By the time the "Concord Monitor" endorsed him on December 29, over twenty New Hampshire papers, large and small, had given him their nods. Some political analysts cautioned that even if the McCain campaign staged some surprise early showings or victories, it was still short on the money and ground organization necessary to exploit a breakthrough. Conservative columnist Robert Novak, though, predicted on December 27 that if McCain could win New Hampshire, he would be the favorite to "sweep through subsequent primaries despite meager finances and organization". Novak also stated that McCain is seen by Republican insiders as the "best bet" to win the nomination and the candidate most likely to defeat a Democrat in the November general election.
When the close proximity of the first contests to the holidays prompted many candidates to release Christmas videos — allowing them to continue presenting their messages, but in more seasonal settings — McCain chose one which told his Good Samaritan story of a POW camp guard in North Vietnam who undid his torture ropes for a night and then later drew a cross in the dirt for him on Christmas Day.
The December 27 assassination of former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto drew responses from all of the major candidates. McCain, a longtime member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, called attention to his foreign policy experience, as well as his personal interaction with Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf. He also drew a contrast with his main Republican rivals, who did not have experience in foreign policy matters. Many observers saw McCain as the candidate most likely to benefit from a heightened focus on international events.
Caucuses and primaries 2008.
Iowa.
The first vote of the 2008 election season took place in the Iowa caucuses on January 3, 2008. McCain came in fourth place, with 13.1% of the vote. Mike Huckabee was the winner with 34%. Because McCain, unlike Romney and Huckabee, had not focused on Iowa early, his campaign officials said they were satisfied with his placement. Many political observers considered Huckabee's easy win a blow to Romney, McCain's main rival in New Hampshire. Romney spent about five times as much as Huckabee on advertising in Iowa.
New Hampshire.
The New Hampshire primaries came only five days after Iowa. McCain's rising New Hampshire poll numbers indicated that he could benefit from Romney's poor Iowa showing. McCain participated in a January 5 debate along with Romney, Giuliani, Huckabee, Thompson and Paul. The debate particularly highlighted differences between McCain and Romney, as the two traded shots on the immigration issue. Polls in the days leading up to the vote showed McCain leading Romney in a tight race, and all candidates campaigned in the state in the days following the Iowa vote. McCain held over 100 of his signature town hall-style meetings in the state, in many cases repeating visits that he had made during his successful 2000 primary there. A "pivotal moment" for the campaign came a month before the primary, when the "New Hampshire Union Leader" endorsed McCain. Despite McCain's resurgence, his campaign was still strapped for funds: top-level staff was working without paychecks, commercials were being prepared at cost, and event mailers were only a quarter of what he was able to send out in his 2000 campaign.
A strong performance in the ABC, Facebook Debates at Saint Anselm College, combined with months of hard work from his dedicated staff resulted in McCain winning the New Hampshire primary, gaining about 37 percent of the vote to Mitt Romney's 32 percent. Amid chants of "Mac is back!", McCain made his victory remarks. "When the pundits declared us finished, I told them, 'I'm going to New Hampshire where the voters don't let you make their decisions for them... I'm going to New Hampshire, and I'm going to tell people the truth.'"
Michigan.
With different winners in Iowa and New Hampshire - and Mitt Romney taking the lower-profile Wyoming caucus - the January 15 Michigan primary loomed as an important battle, despite the state's delegation size being cut in half for holding the primary too early. Polls after New Hampshire showed a tight race between McCain and Romney, with Huckabee a close third. Many saw Michigan as Romney's last chance for a campaign-saving win after disappointments in the first two races. Others said that a win in Michigan could cement McCain's status as the "front-runner" for the nomination. McCain's campaign garnered about $1 million in newly contributed funds immediately after the New Hampshire win, but still had $3.5 million in bank debt. He was not alone in feeling a financial pinch; the entire Republican field suffered from a lack of enthusiasm and lower donations than the Democratic candidates were receiving.
Nevertheless, some polls showed McCain getting a significant national bounce from his New Hampshire win; the January 11 CNN nationwide poll had him leading with 34 percent support, a 21-point increase from where he had been just a month before. As the Michigan race entered its final days, McCain gained some notoriety by sending out mailers there and in South Carolina attacking Romney's tax record and touting his own. A Romney campaign spokesman called the ad "as sloppy as it is factually incorrect", and FactCheck.org called the piece "misleading". McCain responded by saying, "It's not negative campaigning. I think it's what his record is." "It's a tough business," he added.
The dominant issue in Michigan was the state of the economy. Michigan had by far the nation's largest unemployment rate, at 7.4 percent, and was continuing to lose jobs from its historical manufacturing base. McCain offered a bit of his "straight talk" strategy, saying that "There are some jobs that aren't coming back to Michigan," and proposing federal job training plans and other remedies to compensate. Romney seized on McCain's statement as overly pessimistic and promoted instead his family heritage — "[I've] got the automobile industry in my blood veins" — as well as his being a Washington outsider who would go there and "turn Washington inside out."
In the end, McCain finished second in the primary behind Romney, gaining 30 percent of the vote to Romney's 39 percent.
South Carolina and Nevada.
The campaign then moved towards the January 19 South Carolina primary, the state which effectively ended McCain's 2000 campaign for President. Unlike 2000, McCain had the support of much of the state Republican establishment, both in terms of endorsements and campaign staff support. Nevertheless a bit of 2000 surfaced when a group of unknown size called "Vietnam Veterans Against John McCain" set up a website and began sending crude mailers to media members alleging that McCain passed military information to the North Vietnamese during his time as a POW. McCain set up a Truth Squad to combat such attacks and emphasized that he was supported by 75 former POWs. Orson Swindle, who was a POW with McCain, called the flier a "vicious" fraud. "Nothing could be further from the truth," Swindle said. "I know because I was there. The truth is, the North Vietnamese offered John McCain early release, and he refused." After that, however, there was little in the way of dirty tricks during the rest of the campaign.
McCain won the South Carolina primary on January 19, gaining 33% of the vote compared to second-place finisher Mike Huckabee's 30%, winning groups he usually did well with, such as veterans and seniors, and doing well enough with other groups, such as evangelicals. In his victory remarks to supporters that evening, he said, "It took us awhile, but what's eight years among friends?," noting the reversal of fortune from his 2000 defeat there. Indeed, "The New York Times" described McCain's win as "exorcising the ghosts of the attack-filled primary here that derailed his presidential hopes eight years ago." Pundits credited third-place finisher Fred Thompson with drawing votes from Huckabee in South Carolina, thereby giving a narrow victory to McCain.
There had been a steady barrage of apocalyptic statements and predictions in the days before the South Carolina vote from movement conservative icons: Rush Limbaugh said that if Huckabee or McCain won the nomination, it would "destroy the Republican Party... be the end of it," while Tom DeLay said "McCain has done more to hurt the Republican Party than any elected official I know of." Other talk radio hosts also subjected McCain to criticism for being insufficiently conservative. Prominent conservative radio host Michael Medved said after McCain's win that talk radio was the "big loser" of the primary, adding that the medium has "unmistakably collapsed in terms of impact, influence and credibility because of its hysterical and one-dimensional involvement in the GOP nomination fight."
The Nevada caucus the same day drew less attention from Republican candidates, although the state had 31 delegates at stake compared to South Carolina's 24. McCain did not seriously compete in Nevada, and finished third with 13% of the vote, finishing behind both Romney and Ron Paul.
Florida.
The race then moved to the January 29 Florida primary. This would be a test for McCain among core Republican voters, as unlike New Hampshire and South Carolina, independents and Democrats would not be able to vote in the Republican primary. McCain, Giuliani and Romney were closely matched in pre-election polls, and the contest was seen as important to each campaign, as it was the last primary before Super Tuesday, when 41% of the total delegates were up for grabs. It was also the first time that Rudy Giuliani would seriously compete for delegates since a partial effort in New Hampshire, and the first primary after Fred Thompson withdrew his candidacy.
A January 24 debate at Florida Atlantic University was sedate, with none of the candidates attacking each other and economics the predominant theme. By the next day, however, McCain and Romney were going at each other, with McCain accusing Romney of having once advocated timetables for withdrawal from Iraq, and Romney saying that was untrue — an assessment shared by news organizations, which labeled McCain's charge as misleading — and demanding an apology. Certain statements dogged McCain. NBC News' Tim Russert during a debate raised a McCain quote in which McCain said, "I know a lot less about economics than I do about military and foreign policy issues. I still need to be educated."
Romney seized on these and declared that he, not McCain, was the right choice to lead the country during times of economic uncertainty. On the day before the vote, McCain slammed Romney for flip-flopping, while Romney released a "top ten list" of times McCain had attacked fellow Republicans. Both candidates used the ultimate Republican insult, calling each other a liberal. Overall, McCain was outspent by Romney on Florida television ads by a 3-to-1 margin. Conservative talk radio continued to hammer McCain, with Laura Ingraham saying she was "concerned about the mental stability of the McCain campaign" and Mark Levin continuing his practice of calling him "John McLame".
As the election neared, Giuliani slumped to a battle for third place with Huckabee, while McCain and Romney each had polls showing them in the lead. McCain garnered the late endorsements of Florida Senator and former Chairman of the Republican National Committee Mel Martinez and the highly popular Governor of Florida, Charlie Crist; Crist had reportedly pledged his support to Giuliani, and the Giuliani campaign was described as "visibly upset" by the McCain endorsement.
On January 29, 2008, McCain won the Florida primary and the state's 57 delegates, taking 36% of the total vote. Romney was second with 31% and Giuliani was third at 15%.
Super Tuesday.
After Florida, the campaigns focused their attention on the 21 states voting on February 5, known as Super Tuesday. McCain was seen as the front-runner for the nomination heading in to this most important of primary dates. He had the lead in delegates to the national convention, and on January 30 he was officially endorsed by the withdrawing Giuliani. The candidates sparred at a debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, California on January 30, with former First Lady Nancy Reagan present in the front row. The most heated exchange came as Romney accused McCain of dirty tricks in his misleading Florida statements about Romney having proposed an Iraq withdrawal timetable.
On January 31, McCain received the important endorsement of Governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger and began campaigning with him; Schwarzenegger had previously refrained from endorsing either McCain or Giuliani because he counted both men as friends. The same day, Governor Rick Perry of Texas, formerly a supporter of Giuliani, threw his support behind McCain as well. Meanwhile, Romney, still burning about McCain's misleading Iraq withdrawal timetable charge, compared McCain to disgraced former President Richard Nixon, saying that McCain's claim was "reminiscent of the Nixon era" and that "I don’t think I want to see our party go back to that kind of campaigning."
McCain won his home state of Arizona, taking all 53 of the state's delegates, and won too the largest of the Super Tuesday prizes, garnering nearly all of California's 173 delegates. McCain also scored wins in Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Missouri, New Jersey, New York and Oklahoma.
Romney ends campaign.
Both McCain and Romney addressed the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Washington, DC on February 7. Romney used his speech to announce the end of his campaign, solidifying McCain's status as the likely Republican nominee. McCain spoke about an hour later, again appealing to conservative uncertainty about his ideology. He focused on his opposition to abortion and gun control, as well as his support for lower taxes and free-market health care solutions. He told the CPAC audience that he arrived in Washington as "a foot soldier in the Reagan Revolution", and addressed the issue of illegal immigration - one of the major issues where conservatives have attacked McCain. He said that "it would be among my highest priorities to secure our borders first", before addressing other immigration laws.
More February contests.
February 9 saw voting in Louisiana, Kansas and Washington state. Huckabee won an easy victory in Kansas, claiming all 36 of the state's delegates to the national convention. Only 14,016 votes were cast, and the McCain campaign expressed no concern over the lightly attended caucus. However, social conservatives had a strong presence in the Kansas Republican party, and the results served to highlight conservative dissatisfaction with the Senator. Louisiana was much closer, but Huckabee won there as well, beating McCain by less than one percentage point. McCain was declared the winner of the Washington caucuses, where 18 delegates were at stake. The February 19 primary would determine the other 19 delegates from the state. After the caucuses, Huckabee's campaign indicated that they would challenge the results.
Next up was the Potomac primary on February 12, with voting in Virginia, Maryland and the District of Columbia. McCain swept the three races and took all 113 delegates which were at stake. The next day, the McCain camp released a memo calling a Huckabee win "mathematically impossible". McCain began to focus on the Democrats, particularly leading candidate Barack Obama, in anticipation of the general election.
On February 14, Mitt Romney officially endorsed McCain. Huckabee vowed to stay in the race, saying, "I may get beat, but I’m not going to quit." A few days later, McCain was endorsed by former President George H.W. Bush, in a move intended to shore up his support among base party elements.
On February 19, McCain continued his winning ways, picking up wins over Huckabee in the Wisconsin primary and the Washington state primary. McCain and Barack Obama engaged in a pointed exchange over Al-Qaeda in Iraq on February 27.
New York Times article on lobbyist.
On February 20, 2008, "The New York Times" broke a story involving an alleged romantic affair eight years earlier between McCain and lobbyist Vicki Iseman, both of whom deny the allegations. The relationship allegedly existed during McCain's 2000 presidential campaign. In separate interviews with "The New York Times", two unnamed former associates of McCain said they "became convinced" that a romantic relationship existed and warned him that he was risking his campaign and his political career. Both said McCain acknowledged behaving inappropriately and that he pledged to keep his distance from Iseman. The associates said they had become disillusioned with the senator, spoke independently of each other and provided details that were corroborated by others.
A McCain spokesperson characterized the story as a "hit and run smear campaign" and "gutter politics" and went on to say, "It is a shame that the New York Times has lowered its standards [...]" Iseman's employer, Lowell Paxson, disputed McCain's assertion that he had never met with Paxson over an Federal Communications Commission matter mentioned in the original "New York Times" article. The article received widespread criticism among both liberals and conservatives, McCain supporters and non-supporters as well as talk radio personalities. Former staffer to President Bill Clinton and current Hillary Clinton supporter Lanny Davis said the article "had no merit." Stating that he did not support McCain's bid for the White House, Davis, who had himself lobbied for the same cause Iseman lobbied McCain for, said that McCain only wrote a letter to the FCC to ask them to "act soon" and refused to write a letter that supported the sale of the television station the article talked about.
In December 2008, Iseman filed a $27 million defamation lawsuit against "The New York Times", alleging that the paper falsely communicated an illicit romantic relationship between her and McCain.
In February, 2009, the lawsuit was settled and no money exchanged hands. From the "Times" coverage of the settlement: "On Thursday, the two sides released a joint statement saying: 'To resolve the lawsuit, Ms. Iseman has accepted The Times’s explanation, which will appear in a Note to Readers to be published in the newspaper on Feb. 20, that the article did not state, and The Times did not intend to conclude, that Ms. Iseman had engaged in a romantic affair with Senator McCain or an unethical relationship on behalf of her clients in breach of the public trust.' (and) "a statement from Ms. Iseman’s lawyers. They wrote, in part: 'Had this case proceeded to trial, the judicial determination of whether she is entitled to the protections afforded a private citizen would have been the subject of a ferocious, pivotal battle, with Ms. Iseman insisting on her status as a private person and The New York Times asserting that she had entered the public arena, and was therefore fair game.'" 
March contests - Wrapping up Republican nomination.
John McCain officially clinched the Republican presidential nomination on March 4, 2008, sweeping the primaries in Ohio, Texas, Rhode Island, and Vermont. That night, Mike Huckabee withdrew from the race and endorsed McCain.
General election campaign 2008.
Main issues.
The McCain campaign focused on many issues. These issues included national security, education reform, energy independence, and tax cuts to stimulate the economy.
Eligibility.
Article Two of the Constitution sets one of the principal qualifications to be eligible for election of the office of President as being a natural born citizen of the United States. Although McCain was not born within a state of the United States, his status as a natural-born citizen (and future eligibility to be elected to the presidency) may have been assured at birth by either "jus sanguinis", since his parents were U.S. citizens, or "jus soli", as the Panama Canal Zone was at that time (1936) a United States possession (1903–1979), or both. However, Internet talk questioned whether McCain, who was born at Coco Solo Naval Air Station in Panama, qualified as a natural-born citizen. A bipartisan legal review by Laurence Tribe and Theodore Olson, as well as a unanimous but nonbinding Senate resolution, indicate that McCain does indeed fulfill the requirement. However, University of Arizona constitutional law professor Gabriel J. Chin argues both that the Tribe-Olson opinion is unsound under current law and that McCain was actually granted citizenship by a law which was passed eleven months after McCain's birth, disqualifying him under the Constitution from natural-born citizenship and the Presidency. Commenting on the Chin paper, Temple University law and citizenship expert Peter Spiro said, "No court will get close to it, and everyone else is on board, so there’s a constitutional consensus, the merits of arguments such as this one aside." Catholic University law professor Sarah Duggan agreed that no legal challenge would prevail, but said only a constitutional amendment could fully resolve the question.
During the general election phase of the campaign, a lawsuit by an American Independent Party member challenging McCain's eligibility was dismissed by a federal judge in San Francisco in September 2008 due both to lack of evidence and lack of standing; U.S. District Court Judge William Haskell Alsup also issued an order stating that it was "highly probable" that McCain was a natural born citizen.
The McCain campaign also looked into lawsuits claiming that Barack Obama was not a natural-born citizen, but saw no evidence or chance of success behind them.
Bush endorsement.
On March 5, 2008 President Bush welcomed McCain to the White House and officially endorsed the man who would be his party's standard-bearer in November. The endorsement was seen as helping McCain rally conservatives, and brought with it the promise of much-needed fundraising help heading in to the general election. Democrats painted a different picture, hoping to capitalize on Bush's low approval ratings. The Democratic National Committee said that McCain would offer a "third term of George W. Bush".
Establishing himself.
McCain turned his attention to the November general election, while the Democratic primaries continued to be a battle between Clinton and Obama. McCain faced the challenge of staying in the news as the Democrats garnered headlines with their protracted nomination battle, which showed no signs of ending before the Democratic National Convention in late August. However, having the nomination locked up early also gave McCain time to build a national organization and put his general election strategy into action for the six months leading up to the Republican National Convention. McCain planned to raise money and visit several sites in the U.S. before embarking on a tour of Europe and the Middle East as part of a congressional delegation. McCain did not immediately indicate when he would make his choice for Vice President. Even before his March 4 primary wins, McCain indicated that he would campaign "everywhere" in the general election - including traditionally Democratic states like California, New Jersey and Connecticut. A Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll released March 12 showed McCain in a virtual tie with both Obama and Clinton in hypothetical November matchups. In an attempt to make up for his fundraising disadvantage in relation to the Democratic candidates, the campaign merged its resources with the Republican National Committee, and named former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina head of the "Victory 2008" committee charged with fundraising and Get Out The Vote efforts. The campaign also announced that it would use an unorthodox organizational structure, opting to have several regional campaign directors rather than one centralized staff.
McCain began his overseas trip on March 16, arriving in Baghdad to meet with U.S. military officials as well as Iraqi political leaders. While the campaign was not involved in the trip, which was official Senate business, it served as a chance for McCain to highlight his credentials in foreign affairs, seen to be the main strength of his candidacy. After Iraq, the group planned to travel to Israel, London and Paris.
Polls released later in March showed McCain ahead of both Clinton and Obama in hypothetical general election matchups. Both leads were above the margin of error in the polls by Zogby International and Rasmussen Reports.
Nancy Reagan endorsement.
A boost to McCain's campaign came on March 25, when former First Lady Nancy Reagan endorsed the Senator at her home in Bel Air, Los Angeles, California. Reagan released a statement, reading, "John McCain has been a good friend for over thirty years. My husband and I first came to know him as a returning Vietnam War POW, and were impressed by the courage he had shown through his terrible ordeal. I believe John’s record and experience have prepared him well to be our next president." Standing with Reagan, McCain said, "This is an important, most important kind of expression of confidence in my ability to lead the party that I could have." McCain's friendship with Nancy Reagan had survived a period of coldness following his divorce from his first wife Carol, whom the Reagans were quite fond of.
Reiterating and elaborating positions.
On March 26, McCain gave his first major speech on foreign policy since securing the nomination. While McCain warned that national security could not be achieved through "passive" measures, he sounded a conciliatory tone in regards to foreign policy in general. Speaking to the World Affairs Council in Los Angeles, he stressed the need for more cooperation with allies, called for nuclear disarmament and said that he "detestwar. He stated that America's power "does not mean we can do whatever we want, whenever we want."
On March 31, McCain began a "biographical tour", visiting several places that were key to his early life and military career.
In early April, McCain said he had compiled a list of roughly 20 potential running mates, and that he hoped to have selected a Vice President well before the Republican Convention in September.
Foreign policy and the Iraq War were again in the campaign spotlight on April 8, 2008. McCain questioned General David Petraeus, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, during the latter's testimony before the Senate Armed Services Committee. McCain told the committee that a promise of withdrawal would be "reckless" and a "failure of moral and political leadership." While McCain was supportive of Petraeus, he questioned the general on recent outbreaks of violence and some failures among the Iraqi military.
Despite the earlier opposition from conservatives, in April 2008, there were signs that the Republican Party base was coalescing behind McCain's candidacy. A CBS News/"New York Times" poll showed that McCain was viewed favorably by 78 percent of conservatives, and unfavorably by only 18 percent. This was the same percentage who had an unfavorable opinion of George W. Bush at the same time in 2000.
On May 5, 2008 the McCain Campaign announced the launch of a Spanish language site call Bienvenidos McCain or "McCain Welcomes." It presents the candidates positions and appeals in Spanish.
During a May 15 speech in Columbus, Ohio, McCain laid out his vision for January 2013, which would be the end of his first term granted he won the presidency. He predicted that the Iraq War would be won by that time, and that most American troops would be out of the country. He pledged a bipartisan approach to governing a robust economy as well, and the implementation of a flat tax rate.
Campaign staff departures due to new lobbyist rules.
During much of 2008, McCain faced criticism that significant numbers of lobbyists were top members of his campaign staff; the associations made his reputation as a Washington reformer who fought lobbyists and special interests open to attack from political opponents. In May 2008, the campaign issued new rules regarding possible lobbying or other conflict-of-interest entanglements, which required campaign workers to either cut ties to lobbying groups or outside political groups that did political advertising, or leave the campaign. The rules also looked forward, and stated that "anyone serving in a McCain administration must commit not to lobby the administration during his presidency."
After the new rules were issued, two campaign staffers, regional campaign manager Doug Davenport and Republican National Convention chief Doug Goodyear, both of whom had represented the Burmese military government, departed. So too did Eric Burgeson, who had lobbied the U.S. government on energy issues. Republican political consultant Craig Shirley left the campaign due to ties with anti-Hillary Clinton group Stop Her Now. National finance co-chair Tom Loeffler left the campaign due to his lobbying group's work for Saudi Arabia and other foreign countries. Other top campaign staff such as campaign manager Rick Davis (who devised the new rules), strategist Charles Black, and foreign policy advisor Randy Scheunemann, had already stopped such activities and remained with the campaign. McCain was criticized by Campaign Money Watch and MoveOn.org for retaining Black, but Public Citizen came to McCain's defense, saying that "Regardless of how many lobbyists are working on his campaign or raising money for him, John McCain has fought for 14 long, hard years for reforms that seriously limit lobbyists' power." Some other lobbyists and academics said that despite highly publicized abuses, lobbyists were an important part of the governmental process, and that the campaign-time criticisms and reactions were grandstanding. Meanwhile, outside Republicans feared the lobbying rules activities were hampering the McCain campaign, which was lagging in organizational and fundraising progress.
As of May 19, 2008, McCain had at least 134 lobbyists involved with his campaign, either directly or as fundraisers.
Barack Obama the presumptive Democratic nominee.
Barack Obama became the Democratic presumptive nominee on June 3. McCain immediately proposed a series of ten joint town hall meetings with him, at which the two could engage each other, beginning the next week. Obama first agreed in principle to the notion, but later rejected McCain's proposal, offering instead one town-hall event on the Independence Day holiday and four traditional debate-style joint appearances. McCain, in turn, rejected that proposal saying that Americans would pay less attention to the town-hall appearance due to the holiday. He was quoted as having said, "I want the American people to have the exposure to a number of town hall meetings, not just one." Following the exchange, former first lady Nancy Reagan as well as Luci Baines Johnson and Lynda Bird Johnson Robb, daughters of former President Lyndon B. Johnson, invited both McCain and Obama to town-hall appearances at the Reagan and Johnson presidential libraries. McCain accepted the invitation, though the candidates never reached agreement on the event formats.
Following Obama's victory over Hillary Clinton, and taking advantage of a divide within the Democratic Party, McCain encouraged Clinton supporters to abandon their party and vote for him in November. The McCain campaign viewed the Democratic divide as an opportunity to court the "Reagan Democrats" who supported Clinton, and began sending high-profile female supporters to states that Clinton won in an effort to garner their votes.
Gramm departs.
Former Senator Phil Gramm was a co-chairman of the McCain campaign, and McCain's chief economic adviser. He stepped down from the campaign on July 18, 2008, about a week after he made remarks to "The Washington Times" about the nation's economic conditions. Gramm had said, "You've heard of mental depression; this is a mental recession," and "We have sort of become a nation of whiners. You just hear this constant whining." McCain had quickly repudiated Gramm's remarks, saying "Phil Gramm doesn’t speak for me, I speak for me. I strongly disagree." When asked if Gramm was still in contention for the U.S. Treasury Secretary position as previously speculated, McCain had said, "I think Senator Gramm would be in serious consideration for ambassador of Belarus, though I’m not sure the citizens of Minsk would welcome that." Gramm said upon leaving that he had become a distraction to the campaign.
Obama-as-celebrity TV advertisement.
A McCain campaign ad crafted by Fred Davis compared Barack Obama to known celebrities such as Britney Spears and Paris Hilton, and questioned his readiness to lead while criticizing his energy policy. The ads resulted in a tightening of Obama's lead in polls. After the election, Obama deputy campaign manager Steve Hildebrand said: "It was the first time during the general election where I started to freak out... I thought if they can brand him as a celebrity rather than as a serious leader we’re going to be in serious trouble."
Running mate selection.
McCain began a search for a running mate to join the Republican ticket after clinching the Republican nomination. Former candidates Mitt Romney and Mike Huckabee were mentioned as possibilities, as were many other leaders in the Republican Party and the business world. Over Memorial Day weekend, McCain invited Romney, Florida Governor Charlie Crist, and Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal to his Sedona, Arizona ranch for informal get-togethers intended to assess personal chemistry for possible running mate selection.
McCain then announced plans to reveal his running mate the day following the conclusion of the Democratic National Convention, and just a few days before the start of the Republican National Convention. During the running mate deliberations, McCain had favored Joe Lieberman, who shared his romantic sense of righteousness and honor. But the opposition from social conservatives, who objected to Lieberman's pro-choice views, was too strong, and a Lieberman pick might cause a floor fight at the upcoming convention. McCain wanted someone who would shake up the race and reinforce his image as a maverick, so he decided against more conventional choices on his short list including Romney and Governor Tim Pawlenty.
According to the book "Game Change", on the weekend before John McCain made his vice-presidential pick, McCain's advisor Arthur Culvahouse asked attorney Ted Frank to prepare a written vetting report on Sarah Palin:
On August 29, at the Nutter Center of Wright State University in Dayton, Ohio, McCain's running mate was revealed in a surprise pick as Alaska Governor Sarah Palin. McCain had only talked to her a few times, and the campaign's vetting operation had mostly relied on Internet searches to check her background. Palin's career in Alaska had shown maverick tendencies similar to McCain's, and McCain hoped that Palin's youth, reformist record, appeal to social conservatives, and appeal to disaffected Hillary Clinton voters would outweigh her lack of national and international visibility and experience. One of McCain's aides privately remarked via an American football metaphor during the announcement: "We just threw long."
Convention.
At the 2008 Republican National Convention, McCain was formally nominated by roll call on the night of September 3, following Palin's vice-presidential acceptance speech. McCain himself appeared onstage at the convention for the first time following her speech, telling the cheering delegates, "Don't you think we made the right choice for the next vice president of the United States?" McCain accepted his party's nomination the following night.
According to Nielsen Media Research, almost 39 million Americans watched McCain deliver his acceptance speech, while 37 million watched Palin the night before. Television viewership was unusually high for both parties' conventions, indicating that the election season was producing compelling drama.
Sarah Palin's Vice Presidential candidacy.
Initial reaction.
After announcing Palin as the presumptive vice-presidential nominee, the McCain campaign received US$7 million in contributions in a single day. According to a "Washington Post"/ABC News survey published on September 9, 2008, John McCain had gained huge support among white women voters since the announcement; he had not only surpassed Obama in white women voters, but also amassed a lead of five percentage points in the Gallup polls. John Zogby found that the effects of Palin's selection were helping the McCain ticket since "She has high favorability numbers, and has unified the Republican Party."
The choice received generally positive reactions from Republicans and conservatives. Victor Davis Hanson stated "the timing and choice were inspired", and Mark Steyn stated he was "happy" over the choice. Connecticut Governor M. Jodi Rell said of Palin, "She is strong. She is capable. She is articulate," and suggested opponents should not underestimate her. Independent-Democratic Senator Joe Lieberman stated that McCain made a "bold choice" in picking a "maverick who has done exactly the same thing at the state level that he's done at the federal level." However, some Republicans did not receive the choice favorably. Charles Krauthammer of the "Washington Post" wrote, "The Palin selection completely undercuts the argument about Obama's inexperience and readiness to lead... To gratuitously undercut the remarkably successful 'Is he ready to lead' line of attack seems near suicidal." David Frum of "National Review" wrote: "The longer I think about it, the less well this selection sits with me... If it were your decision, and you were putting your country first, would you put an untested small-town mayor [sic] a heartbeat away from the presidency?". Following an NBC interview, Peggy Noonan commented, "It's over... the most qualified? No."
Republicans in Palin's home state, Alaska, had mixed reactions to the news. Alaskan Attorney General Talis Colberg, a Palin appointee, remarked that, "It's wonderful. It was an emotional thing to see the governor walk out with her family and I say, wow, I work for her." Alaskan State Senate President Lyda Green, a Republican who had repeatedly sparred with Palin after she became governor,
remarked, "She's not prepared to be governor. How can she be prepared to be vice president or president?" Larry Persily, a Palin staffer, and Jim Whitaker, the Republican mayor of Fairbanks, indicated their support of Palin as Governor, but questioned whether she was ready to serve as vice president. Other Alaskan politicians, such as Republican Gail Phillips, expressed surprise. 
Kari Sleight, publisher of the "Mat-Su Valley Frontiersman", which covered much of Palin's life in Wasilla, endorsed Palin for Vice-President. "While some question Palin’s experience, they cannot question her leadership. A person is either a good leader or not, and Palin has exhibited great leadership skills in all positions she’s held. There is an argument to be made that leadership, and the qualities that define a good leader, are inherently more important than experience."
Palin's positions and policies became the focus of "intense media attention" and "scrutiny" following her selection. Expectations from her speech at the Republican National Convention was heavily covered by the media. Some Republicans argued that Palin was subjected to unreasonable media coverage, and a Rasmussen survey showed that slightly more than half of Americans believed that the press was "trying to hurt" Palin with negative coverage, a sentiment referenced by Palin in her acceptance speech. A poll taken just after the speech found that Palin was then slightly more popular than either Obama or McCain with a 58% favorabilty rating. Palin was also a draw with Catholic voters; the poll found that 54% favor Palin and 42% find her unfavorable, a 12% difference, while Joe Biden was viewed favorable by 49% to 47% unfavorable.
Palin also became a "ubiquitous presence on newsstands," appearing on the cover of both "Newsweek" and "Time", among others. The appearance on the cover of "Time" was particularly notable as Jay Carney, the newsmagazine's Washington bureau chief, has been vocally critical on what he has said is a lack of media access to Palin, concerns which were dismissed by the McCain campaign.
Former New York City mayor Giuliani said that Palin was more qualified to be president than Democratic presidential nominee Obama, citing Palin's executive experience, saying of her, "She's vetoed legislation, she's taken on corruption, and in her party, and won. She took on the oil companies and won. She administered a budget successfully," and of Obama, "He's never run a city, he's never run a state, he's never run a business, he's never administered a payroll, he's never led people in crisis". He also stated, if Sarah Palin had been president when the U.S. came under attack on Sept. 11, 2001, he’s confident she would have been able to handle the crisis.
According to the "Washington Times", Palin's faith has made her a "favorite with the staunchly pro-Israel neoconservative elements in the Republican Party." Palin displays an Israeli flag in her governor's office in Juneau. Palin has received a strong endorsement from the Republican Jewish Coalition, and has been described as a "direct affront to all Jewish Americans" by Democratic Congressman Robert Wexler of Florida, and as being "totally out of step with Jewish public opinion" by the National Jewish Democratic Council.
Obama commented on Palin in an interview with "60 Minutes":
VP campaign developments.
As of September, Governor Palin had submitted to two media interviews, the first with ABC's Charles Gibson, and the second with Fox News's Sean Hannity. Gibson asked Palin, "Do you agree with the Bush doctrine?," to which Palin responded, "In what respect, Charlie?" After asking Palin for her definition, Gibson defined the concept to be for the United States to "have the right of anticipatory self-defense." Gibson also asked Palin about a prayer she had offered with regard to soldiers in Iraq. Commentators' reactions varied. Those generally critical of Palin's candidacy applauded Gibson's penetrating questions and thought aspects of Palin's responses showed that she was not ready to serve as Vice President, whereas those generally supportive of her candidacy took a more positive view of her performance.
During the campaign, some pointed out alleged differences between Palin's positions as a gubernatorial candidate and her position as a vice-presidential candidate. While campaigning for vice-president, Palin touted her stance on "the bridge to nowhere" as an example of her opposition to pork barrel spending. In her nomination acceptance speech and on the campaign trail, Palin often said, "I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' on that Bridge to Nowhere." Although Palin was originally a main proponent of the Gravina Island Bridge, McCain-Palin television advertisements asserted that Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere." These statements have been widely questioned or described as misleading or exaggerations by many media groups in the U.S. "Newsweek" remarked, "Now she talks as if she always opposed the funding."
After McCain announced Palin as his running mate, "Newsweek" and "Time" put Palin on their magazine covers, as some of the media alleged that McCain's campaign was restricting press access to Palin by allowing only three one-on-one interviews and no press conferences with her. Among the reasons that the news organizations criticized the restrictions was Palin's first major interview, with Charles Gibson of ABC News, met with mixed reviews. Her interview five days later with Fox News's Sean Hannity focuses on many of the same questions from Gibson's interview. However, Palin's performance in her third interview, with Katie Couric of CBS News, was widely criticized. Palin's responses to several of Couric's questions were considered embarrassing, most notably failing to name any newspapers she read. The fallout from the interview prompted a decline in her poll numbers, concern among Republicans that she was becoming a political liability, and calls from some conservative commentators for Palin to resign from the Presidential ticket. Other conservatives remain ardent in their support for Palin, accusing the columnists of elitism. Following this interview, some Republicans, including Mitt Romney and Bill Kristol, questioned the McCain campaign's strategy of sheltering Palin from unscripted encounters with the press.
Palin was reported to have prepared intensively for the October 2 vice-presidential debate with Democratic Vice-Presidential nominee Joe Biden at Washington University in St. Louis. Some Republicans suggested that Palin's performance in the interviews would improve public perceptions of her debate performance by lowering expectations. Polling from CNN, Fox and CBS found that while Palin exceeded most voters' expectations, they felt that Biden had won the debate.
Upon returning to the campaign trail after her debate preparation, Palin stepped up her attacks on the Democratic candidate for President, Senator Barack Obama. At a fundraising event, Palin explained her new aggressiveness, saying, "There does come a time when you have to take the gloves off and that time is right now." In a campaign appearance on October 4, Palin accused Obama of regarding America as "so imperfect that he’s palling around with terrorists who would target their own country." The accusation referred to Obama's contacts with Bill Ayers, a founder of the 1960s radical group called the Weathermen, and a "New York Times" article describing such contacts. The Obama campaign called the allegation a "smear", citing newspaper commentaries critical of Palin's attack. Obama has condemned the Weathermen's violent actions. The criticism of Obama based on his purported relationship with Ayers was subsequently carried on by McCain himself.
By late October, voter reactions to Palin had grown increasingly negative, especially among independents and other voters concerned about her qualifications.
Republican and former US Secretary of State Gen. Colin Powell endorsed Obama on October 19 and said of Palin "Now that we have had a chance to watch her for some seven weeks, I don't believe she's ready to be president of the United States, which is the job of the vice president." A McCain aide said Palin had "gone rogue", placing her own future political interests ahead of the McCain/Palin ticket, directly contradicting her running mate's positions and disobeying directions from campaign managers. (A year after the election, Palin would after this accusation.)
RNC campaign expenditures.
The Republican National Committee's monthly financial disclosure report for September 2008 showed that US$150,000 had been spent on Palin's wardrobe, hair and makeup as well as clothing and accessories for her family. Campaign finance experts expressed concern about the legality of the spending and the tax implications to Palin. A campaign spokesperson responded saying that the clothing will be donated to charity following the election. By January 2009, it was reported that the clothing was stored in garbage bags at the Republican National Convention headquarters. In March 2009, a spokesperson for Palin stated that the clothes had been donated to charities 
The spending was later reviewed and approved by the U.S. Federal Elections Commission by a 5-0 vote.
Another controversy erupted when it was revealed that her campaign paid makeup artist, Amy Strozzi, a sum of $22,800, making her the highest paid staffer on the McCain campaign. This prompted calls from Republican donors to "return the money."
Post-convention poll surge and retreat.
After the Republican National Convention, McCain saw his poll numbers increase nationwide, traced in part to movement among previously undecided voters.
In the first half of September, McCain appointed William Timmons (a former senior adviser to Vice President George H.W. Bush in 1988, an advisor to Senator Bob Dole in 1996, the founder and chairman emeritus of lobbying firm Timmons and Company, and a former lobbyist for Freddie Mac) as his transition chief.
From mid-September to mid-October, however, the trend lines were all in Obama's direction. For example, the RealClearPolitics electoral map went from an Obama 228-163 electoral vote lead on August 20 to a 227-207 McCain lead on September 17 and then back to a 306-157 Obama lead on October 24.
U.S. financial crisis.
In September 2008, the subprime mortgage crisis worsened and precipitated a liquidity crisis; the federal takeover of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac was quickly followed by the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers, sale of Merrill Lynch, and government bailout of American International Group. At first McCain emphasized that "the fundamentals of our economy are strong", but when questioned on that statement he clarified that the fundamentals refer to the American workforce. He then recast his message into emphasizing that the country's economy was in "a total crisis", condemning "greed", and proposing that a national commission be set up to study the situation, akin to the 9/11 Commission. He later commented on the Federal Reserve loan of $85 billion to AIG by saying, "I didn't want to do that...and I don't think anybody I know wanted to do that." McCain then said that government regulators had been "asleep at the switch" and said if he were president he would fire U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission chairman Christopher Cox.
On September 24, McCain announced that he would "suspend" his campaign and seek to delay a debate with Barack Obama scheduled for September 26 so that he could work with Congress toward a reworking of and agreement on the Paulson financial rescue plan. McCain urged Obama to do the same. McCain's intervention helped dissatisfied House Republicans forestall a bailout plan that was otherwise close to agreement between the White House, Senate Republicans, and Congressional Democrats. At a bipartisan meeting at the White House on September 25 (pictured) McCain came across as unconstructive and ineffectual to Bush, who felt that McCain had forced him to hold a pointless meeting and then had said nothing at it.
Two days later, McCain announced that he would resume his campaign, and he went ahead with the debate. Some commentators questioned whether the campaign had ever in fact been suspended, as McCain ads continued to play, McCain spokesmen continued giving statements criticizing Obama, and McCain campaign offices remained open, while McCain himself continued to make speeches and give interviews.
The revised plan, the $700 billion Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, failed a House vote on September 29, with large-scale opposition from House Republicans. On October 1, a similar bill, HR1424, passed the Senate 74–25 with McCain voting in favor.
Symbols.
Joe the Plumber.
"Joe the Plumber", making reference to Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher, was used as an example of middle class Americans during the 2008 U.S. presidential election season. Wurzelbacher was videotaped questioning Democratic candidate Barack Obama about his small business tax policy during a campaign stop in Ohio. He received prominence when he was mentioned frequently as "Joe the Plumber" in exchanges between Republican candidate John McCain and Obama during the third presidential debate on October 15, 2008. After that "Joe the Plumber" was often used by the John McCain presidential campaign, 2008 and the media as a metaphor for middle class Americans and to refer to Wurzelbacher himself.
Tito the Builder.
Tito Muñoz, also known as Tito the Builder, received substantial media attention for various campaign activities. Muñoz publicly defended Joe Wurzelbacher in front of the media. Muñoz has also campaigned with Sarah Palin.
Consequently, Tito Muñoz has received substantial media attention. Muñoz, a Colombian immigrant, is presently a small construction company owner and a United States citizen. He became known for wearing a yellow hard hat with a McCain-Palin bumper sticker and an orange reflector jacket, as well as appearing on television wearing sunglasses when he attended a campaign rally for John McCain in Leesburg, Virginia. At the rally, he introduced Sarah Palin. He also had a confrontation with reporters. Will Rabbe, of the Independent Film Channel, has posted a video about Muñoz and his interaction with reporters. Five days before the election, Muñoz appeared on Fox News’ Hannity & Colmes. Muñoz told Alan Colmes that he became involved in the 2008 presidential election by giving newspapers "hiding the truth about Obama" a piece of his mind.
Debates and final stretch.
After Obama declined McCain's suspension suggestion, McCain went ahead with the debate on September 26 as scheduled in Oxford, Mississippi, and as moderated by Jim Lehrer. On October 1, McCain voted in favor of a revised $700 billion rescue plan. Another debate was held on October 7; like the first one, polls afterward suggested that Obama had won it. A final presidential debate occurred on October 15. During and after it, McCain compared Obama's proposed policies to socialism, specifically making reference to the term "redistributionist", and often invoked Joe the Plumber as a symbol of American small business dreams that would be thwarted by an Obama presidency. McCain barred using the Jeremiah Wright controversy in ads against Obama, but the campaign did frequently criticize Obama regarding his purported relationship with Bill Ayers.
On October 10, 2008, a female McCain supporter said she did not trust Barack Obama because "he's an Arab." McCain's rallies had become increasingly vitriolic, with hecklers denigrating Obama and with rallygoers displaying a growing anti-Arab, anti-Muslim, and anti-African-American sentiment. McCain replied to the woman, "No ma'am. He's a decent family man, citizen, that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues." McCain's response was considered one of the finer moments of the campaign and was still being viewed several years later as marker for civility in American politics.
Down the stretch, McCain was outspent by Obama by a four-to-one margin.
Results.
The election took place on November 4, and Barack Obama was projected the winner at about 11:00 pm Eastern Standard Time (EST). McCain delivered his concession speech at the Arizona Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix, Arizona at about 11:20 pm EST. In the end, McCain won 173 electoral college votes to Obama's 365, reflecting McCain's failure to win the key battleground states of Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, and the Democratic Party's upset victories in traditional Republican strongholds such as Virginia, North Carolina, and Indiana. McCain gained 46 percent of the nationwide popular vote, compared to Obama's 53 percent.
McCain's concession speech that night congratulated Obama on his victory and said, "We have come to an end of a long journey. The American people have spoken, and they have spoken clearly." He said:
Commentators praised the speech, using terms such as "gracious and eloquent". McCain and his staff did not permit Palin to deliver her prepared speech, as there was no formal tradition of running mates making speeches on election night, and this proved an enduring source of bitterness to Palin.
Aftermath.
In the wake of the election results, anonymous members of McCain's staff reportedly criticized Palin and her campaign staff's conduct of the campaign. Some of the criticisms were later attributed erroneously to staff at a non-existent think-tank as part of the Martin Eisenstadt hoax.
By a month later, McCain demurred from putting too much stress on the effect the economic crisis had had on his chance to win the presidency: "That would sound like I am detracting from President-elect Obama's campaign. I don't want to do that... Nobody likes a sore loser." McCain said, "I spent a period of time feeling sorry for myself. It's wonderful. It's one of the most enjoyable experiences that you can have. But the point is: You've got to move on ... I'm still a senator from the state of Arizona. I still have the privilege and honor of serving this country, which I've done all my life, and it's a great honor to do so."
In campaign post-mortems, top McCain staffers conceded that the Palin rollout to the national media had not gone well. But they generally defended the decision to pick Palin, because the other "game changing" choice of Joe Lieberman would have been politically unacceptable to conservative Republicans at the convention and because there were not many good alternatives available. Regarding McCain having barred using the Jeremiah Wright controversy in ads against Obama, McCain's pollsters said it was the right decision both on the merits and on the politics. McCain himself also defended both the Palin pick and the decision not to attack on the Wright controversy. The staffers agreed that McCain's remark that the "fundamentals of our economy are strong" at the beginning of the financial crisis had been a blunder, and said that the subsequent suspension of the campaign was an attempt to recover from the remark but had led to charges that McCain was erratic.
Overall, a deputy campaign manager said, "We could spend long time talking about the strategy of the McCain campaign because we had so many of them." When the campaign's chief pollster was asked if they could have pulled out the election if they had only had some more time, he responded "No—we lost. We were happy it was over."
A year after the election, there was still ongoing feuding between the McCain and Palin camps over the conduct of the campaign, culminating with the November 2009 publication of Palin's memoir "". Palin criticized McCain campaign manager Steve Schmidt heavily, and contended that the McCain campaign had mismanaged her media appearances. Schmidt replied that Palin's telling was "all fiction", and prior McCain strategist John Weaver denounced Palin for "petty and pathetic" attempts to get even. McCain himself simply said that he had read the book, was still very good friends with Palin, and stated: "Look, I’m just moving on. I’m just moving on, and I’ve got too many other things to worry about except to say that I’m proud of my campaign." McCain told his staff repeatedly, "Don't look back in anger."
Campaign opinion and projections.
Opinion polling.
An average of fifteen national polls taken between October 29 and November 3 showed an average 7.6% lead for McCain's opponent Barack Obama before election day. The poll average was off by 0.3%, with Obama instead gaining only 7.3% more of the popular vote than McCain. The poll average projected McCain would receive 44.5% of the popular vote. He bested this by 1.1%, actually garnering 45.6% of the popular vote.
Poll numbers varied greatly the day before the election and through the election season. This can be attributed to varying polling methods, demographics, and sample sizes between pollsters, amongst other things. Final polls ranged from an 11% advantage for Obama to only a 2% advantage. The most accurate final poll numbers were from Fox News, Ipsos/McClatchy, and CNN/Opinion Research which predicted a 7% advantage for Obama. Rasmussen Reports and Pew Research predicted a 6% advantage.
During the election season, McCain's highest support among an average of national polls was 2.9% on September 8, four days after the end of the 2008 Republican National Convention. Amongst individual polls, before the primary season McCain's highest support was recorded in a Fox News poll conducted between December 5 and December 6 showing a 19% lead. After the primaries, McCain's highest support was recorded in a USA Today/Gallup poll conducted between September 5 and September 7 showing a 10% lead.
Gallup conducted weekly polls of registered voters to measure support among the candidates by political ideology. The last poll conducted before election day, taken between October 27 and November 2, showed 32% of pure Independents supporting McCain, leading Obama's 24% support. McCain's Independent support peaked at 38% the week of September 15–21.
Electoral College projections.
Leading up to the day before the general election, the RealClearPolitics electoral map, an average of statewide opinion polls, projected 132 electoral votes for McCain/Palin and an electoral majority of 278 votes for opponents Obama/Biden. 128 electoral votes were considered toss ups. With toss up votes attributed to poll leaders, McCain/Palin were projected to received 200 electoral votes, trailing 338 votes for Obama/Biden.
McCain received 173 electoral votes, trailing Obama's 365. By November 19, 2008, all states had decided their electoral votes. The last state to decide was Missouri, where McCain held a lead of less than 0.1% of the popular vote. With the election already decided, the close results in Missouri were not contested, and Missouri was called for McCain.
McCain ultimately underperformed his projected electoral vote count. Toss-ups such as North Carolina, Indiana, and Nebraska's 2nd congressional district went for Obama. Opinion poll averages prior to the election projected these votes for McCain.
Favorability.
An average of four national polls measuring favorable/unfavorable opinions taken between October 31 and November 2 showed an average 52.3% favorable opinion and 41.5% unfavorable opinion of John McCain before election day. Favorable and unfavorable opinions of John McCain varied during the election season, but his favorable opinion remained higher than his unfavorable opinion throughout the duration of the election season according to poll averages. McCain's highest ratings was 57.6% favorable and 35.2% unfavorable on July 13.
World opinion.
Opinions of the 2008 U.S. presidential election and the candidates varied around the world. Those who expressed an opinion favored McCain's opponent. According to Gallup polls conducted worldwide from May to October 2008, 7% of the people in the 73 countries polled supported McCain, compared to 24% who supported Obama. Most (about 70% of those polled) either had no opinion or offered no opinion at all.
Media coverage.
An October 29, 2007, study by the Project for Excellence in Journalism and the Joan Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics and Public Policy found that through the first five months of 2007, McCain had received the most unfavorable media coverage of any of the major 2008 presidential candidates, with 12 percent of the stories having a favorable tone towards him, 48 percent having an unfavorable tone, and with the balance neutral. In terms of amount of coverage, McCain was the subject of 7 percent of all stories, second-most among Republicans and fourth-most overall. McCain's negative coverage mostly included pessimistic "horse race" stories that focused on his campaign's slippage in national polls and fundraising difficulty; it also included his support for the then-unpopular Iraq troop surge. McCain's campaign went through its near-total collapse soon after the window of this study; the press subsequently focused on a "McCain is dead" story line through the summer, which it was slow to change away from.
By the time the 2008 primary season began, McCain's media coverage had shifted and he was now viewed as a "comeback" story. In addition, McCain returned to his long-standing practice of granting almost unlimited media access to him on this bus; this as well as the notion that he engages in "straight talk" free of political calculation gave him a positive personal sentiment in the press. Reflecting this feeling, MSNBC's Joe Scarborough joked of the media, "I think every last one of them would move to Massachusetts and marry John McCain if they could." Measurements by the University of Navarra indicated that throughout January 2008, McCain's global media attention surged from being a distant third among Republican candidates to being the equal of Romney and Huckabee.
In July 2008, the McCain campaign shifted to a much more restrictive attitude toward the press, virtually ending the former time for open-ended questions. McCain's press conferences became infrequent and, as one reporter stated, "He no longer ventures to the press section of his campaign plane to talk to reporters."
Music use.
The campaign was criticized and in one case a lawsuit filed for its use of music during campaign events and in advertising. Pioneering rock-n-roll artist Chuck Berry publicly snubbed McCain's use of his song "Johnny B. Goode" on the campaign, which had been selected by McCain "mainly because it has the chorus "Go Johnny Go Go Go" in it." When Berry publicly stated his support for Obama in June, the McCain campaign began using Abba's "Take a Chance on Me" instead. In August 2008, singer Jackson Browne filed suit against the McCain Campaign, The Republican National Committee and the Ohio Republican Party for use of "Running on Empty" in a commercial stating that the use violates the Lanham Act by implying an endorsement by Browne. In October, the Foo Fighters asked the campaign to stop using "My Hero", stating that this use of the song "tarnished" the original intent. The campaign also drew criticism from Heart for its use of "Barracuda" to accompany Sarah Palin's appearance at the Republican National Convention, with the group saying "Sarah Palin's views and values in no way represent us as American women." Members of Van Halen objected to use of "Right Now", although former lead singer and co-writer of the song Sammy Hagar said he had no problem with the use: "Whether it was McCain who used the song or if Obama had chosen to use the song, with the current political climate, the lyrics still have the same meaning."
A McCain-Palin spokesperson responded saying that the campaign had properly licensed these songs giving them to permission to play them. The music has reportedly been used under blanket licensing, which does not require the artists' permission but still follows proper legal channels and includes royalty payments.
McCain had better success in country music, where award-winning and popular songwriter John Rich wrote the campaign song "Raisin' McCain" in August 2008. Rich had a penchant for producing songs with political overtones, although "The New York Times" called this a "far less imaginative slice of propaganda" than some of his other efforts. He performed it at the closing ceremony of the Republican National Convention and at campaign rallies.
In February 2009, a judge rejected motions made by the legal team for McCain and the Republican National Committee to dismiss the Browne lawsuit which charged possible copyright infringement, false endorsement and violation of Browne’s right of publicity. The case was settled out of court for an undisclosed sum in July 2009, with the McCain campaign, the Ohio Republican Party, and the Republican National Committee issuing a joint apology for using the song. Their statement declared that McCain himself had been unaware of the use and did not condone it.
Fundraising and finances.
After first-quarter fundraising totals were released in early April, totals showed McCain's $13.6 million lagging behind rivals in the race. He spent more than $8 million in campaign funds during the first quarter, leaving him with $5.2 million in the bank and $1.8 million in debts. McCain exceeded 51,000 individual donors, more than rivals Giuliani, with 28,356, and Romney, with 36,538. However, McCain was worried at the high "burn rate" of money used during the first quarter and retooled his entire financial operations after the reports came back.
McCain's second-quarter fundraising totals were worse, with intake falling to $11.2 million and expenses continuing such that only $2 million cash was on hand. McCain's aides said the campaign was considering taking public matching funds ?? --> There are some indications that although the campaign has $2 million cash on hand at the end of Q2, a 7-figure debt will make the monetary situation even more dire.
As of September 30, 2007, John McCain had raised $32,124,785 for his campaign for presidency. Private donors have given $30,183,761 toward his campaign, PACs have given $458,307, and $1,482,717 has come from other sources. 70% of the PAC contributions have come from business groups, 1% from labor groups, and the final 29% from ideological organizations. So far 95.6% of his finances have been disclosed, while 4.4% has not.
McCain was the first candidate to accept financing from the presidential election campaign fund checkoff.
During the campaign's summer 2007 financial woes, it used a list of donors as collateral in order to get approval on a bank loan. This raised the question of whether the campaign's privacy policy was violated by such a use. A McCain spokesperson said it did not, since all of the campaign's assets were pledged as collateral at the time, not just the donor list.
By December 2007, McCain was using 32 lobbyists as fundraisers, more than any other candidate.
Although McCain accepted public financing for the general election campaign, and the restrictions that go with it, his opponent did not, and McCain criticized Obama for becoming the first major party candidate in history to opt out of public financing.
The McCain campaign received US$7 million in contributions in a single day after announcing Palin as the presumptive vice-presidential nominee.
Nevertheless, down the stretch run of the general election campaign, McCain was outspent by Obama by a four-to-one margin. In the end, from September 1 to the end of the campaign, McCain spent directly the $84 million alloted to him by the public financing rules, while Obama, having opted out of that system, spent $315 million directly during the same period.
Endorsements.
McCain gained the endorsements of many high profile Republican figures and organizations, including President George W. Bush, Vice President Dick Cheney, former President George H. W. Bush, former First Lady Nancy Reagan, and the National Rifle Association.
An endorsement by Texas pastor John Hagee stirred controversy due to past remarks, which some alleged to be anti-Catholic and anti-Jewish. McCain initially sought and accepted Hagee's endorsement, but on April 20, 2008 he described accepting the endorsement as a mistake. He formally rejected the endorsement on May 22, 2008, following news reports of a sermon Hagee gave in the 1990s alleging that Adolf Hitler driving the Jewish people from Europe was "God's will" as it was part of a divine plan to gather Jews in the Holy Land. McCain condemned Hagee's sermon as "crazy and unacceptable".
McCain also received the support of Independent Democrat Joe Lieberman, who said, "I happen to think (McCain) is the best of all candidates to unite our country across political lines so we can begin to solve some of the problems people have."

</doc>
<doc id="9806796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806796" title="Wheatbelt">
Wheatbelt

Wheatbelt or wheat belt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9806798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806798" title="Paul Callow">
Paul Callow

Paul Douglas Callow is a Canadian serial rapist who was convicted of having raped several women in the Toronto area in the mid-1980s. Because of his method of attack - entering his victims' homes through balconies off the ground - and the fact that his identity was unknown, he was called the Balcony Rapist by the popular media.
Life in the 1980s.
After stalking his victims, Callow climbed onto their second- or third-story balconies and entered through broken windows or doors. Callow had already sexually attacked two women in the 1970s before he raped five women at knife-point during the Toronto attacks. Callow once confessed to a psychiatrist for being responsible for 26 rapes. His string of rapes -- in the Wellesley and Sherbourne area -- included the brutalization of a woman who became known as "Jane Doe". 
Jane Doe v. Board of Commissioners.
His fifth victim, using the pseudonym "Jane Doe", successfully sued the Toronto police for not having warned women in her neighbourhood about the four earlier rapes. She also claimed that the police were using her as bait to draw out the predator. The police took the position that if they had publicized the fact that a serial rapist was attacking women in the area, he would have simply committed his crimes in a different location, making his apprehension difficult. In fact, the Toronto police had threatened to charge Doe with mischief, because she put up posters in her neighbourhood warning about the Balcony Rapist. In a case filed as "Jane Doe v. Board of Commissioners of Police for the Municipality of Metropolitan Toronto", Doe won her case and on July 3, 1998, was awarded damages of $220,000 plus interest by the Ontario Court of Justice (General Division). She was subsequently named Woman of the Year by the Canadian women's magazine "Chatelaine" in 1999, and published the book "The Story of Jane Doe: A Book About Rape" in 2003.
Prison and later life.
Callow served the full length of his 20-year sentence in prison.
While in prison, Callow was accused by a prison employee of sexual assault. After this accusation, Callow refused to participate in any treatment programs.
On February 23, 2007, Callow, then 52 years old, was released from jail in British Columbia. He initially settled in Newton Town Centre in Surrey, British Columbia. Police did not release Callow's precise address. Following a protest in Surrey, Callow moved to New Westminster, British Columbia. On March 3, 2007 New Westminster had a rally of protest.
It was reported on March 7, 2007, that Callow lived in an emergency shelter in New Westminster, and the only help he receives is a 20-minute daily meeting with a third-year social-work student. Callow was reported as saying he is "worried about vigilantism".
When he was sentenced, Callow was not designated a dangerous offender. Concern about his release has led to a proposal by some elected officials from New Westminster for legislative change allowing convicts to be designated dangerous offenders after they have been sentenced, if they exhibit violent behaviour while in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="9806804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806804" title="Simpatico">
Simpatico

Simpatico may refer to:
Synonym:

</doc>
<doc id="9806826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806826" title="John Kuriyan">
John Kuriyan

John Kuriyan is Chancellor's Professor at the University of California Berkeley in the departments of Molecular and Cell Biology (MCB) and Chemistry. He is also a Faculty Scientist in Berkeley Lab's Physical Biosciences Division, a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator, and a member of the National Academy of Sciences. Kuriyan received his B.S. in chemistry from Juniata College in Pennsylvania, followed by his PhD at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology under Gregory Petsko and Martin Karplus. He did postdoctoral work for one year under Karplus at Harvard before becoming an assistant professor at the Rockefeller University.
Research.
Kuriyan's laboratory studies the structure and mechanism of enzymes and other proteins that transduce cellular signals and perform DNA replication. The laboratory primarily uses x-ray crystallography to determine 3-D protein structures as well as biochemical, biophysical, and computational techniques to uncover the mechanisms used by these proteins.
Awards.
In 1989, Kuriyan was named a Pew Scholar in the Biomedical Sciences, a program supporting promising young researchers in the areas of basic and clinical sciences relevant to human health advancements. Kuriyan was the recipient of the 2005 Loundsbery Award by the National Academy of Sciences, a recognition presented annually to a single scientific investigator, under the age of 45, who has made significant contributions to medicine or biology. Additional awards include the Cornelius Rhoads Memorial Award from the American Association for Cancer Research (1999), the Eli Lilly Award in Biological Chemistry of the American Chemical Society (1998), the Dupont-Merck Award of the Protein Society (1997), and the Schering-Plough Award of the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology (1994). In 2009 he received the ASBMB Merck award for his contributions to structural biology.

</doc>
<doc id="9806829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806829" title="Skyward (album)">
Skyward (album)

Skyward is the first full-length album released by the Finnish band Skyward on the 14 December 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9806848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806848" title="Francis Delafield">
Francis Delafield

Francis Delafield (August 3, 1841 – July 17, 1915) was an American physician, born in New York City. His father, Dr. Edward Delafield, was the son of the prominent John Delafield who had emigrated to America from London, England in 1783 carrying the provisional peace treaty between England and The United States. While his father Edward graduated Yale in 1812, Francis graduated at Yale (1860) and at the College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University (1863), and after further study abroad practiced medicine in New York. Francis was appointed to the staff of Bellevue Hospital (1874), and to the chair of pathology and practice of medicine in the College of Physicians and Surgeons (1875–82). 
Francis Delafield resided for many years at 5 West 50th Street in Manhattan, New York. In 1886, he became the first president of the Association of American Physicians.
Biography.
Francis Delafield was the son of Edward Delafield by his second marriage to Julia Floyd. He was fitted for college in private schools in New York City, and at Yale received a dissertation 
appointment in junior year and was a member of Phi Beta Kappa. In 1863, he graduated from the College of Physicians and Surgeons at Columbia, and then for some months continued his medical studies abroad — in Paris, Berlin and London. Upon his return to US country in 1865, he became surgeon in the New York eye and ear infirmary, and physician and pathologist to the Roosevelt Hospital (1871). He was the founder of the first pathological laboratory in US, and his writings upon pathological subjects were accepted as standard authorities. His first important literary work, "A Handbook of Post-Mortem Examination and Morbid Anatomy" (1872) was later rewritten and enlarged into "A Handbook of Pathological Anatomy and Histology" (1885) and became a textbook for medical colleges. In 1878, appeared his "Manual of Physical Diagnosis," and in 1895 "Diseases of the Kidneys". Another achievement was his classification of the group of diseases generally treated under pulmonary consumption. Probably his most important contribution to medicine was "Studies in Pathological Anatomy," published in 1882. Since 1868, when he became a lecturer on pathological anatomy in the College of Physicians and Surgeons, Delafield had been a member of the Faculty of Columbia University. In 1875, he was appointed adjunct professor of medicine under Professor Alonzo Clark, and upon the latter's retirement in 1882 was elected his successor, as professor of pathology and the practice of medicine, being made professor emeritus in 1901. For a number of years since 1874, he was attached to the staff of Bellevue Hospital, at first as a member of the house staff, later as attending physician, and finally as consulting physician. He had served also as pathologist and attending physician to Roosevelt Hospital and as surgeon to the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary. In 1890, he was honored with the degree of LL.D. from Yale, and, in 1904, Columbia conferred a similar degree upon him. He held membership in the New York County Medical Society, the New York Academy of Medicine, the Pathological Society, and the Association of American Physicians, becoming the first president of the latter organization in 1886.
Delafield died in Noroton, Connecticut while visiting his sister. For some time he had been in poor health, and a week before his death suffered an attack of apoplexy. He was buried in Grace Church Cemetery at Jamaica, Long Island.
Family.
On January 17, 1870 Delafield married Katherine Van Rensselaer, grand daughter of Dutch Patroon Stephen Van Rensselaer III. They had three daughters: Elizabeth "Bessie" Ray, Julia Floyd, Cornelia Van Rensselaer, and one son: Edward Henry Delafield (1880–1955). The son and uncle of Delafield graduated from Yale College.
Delafield Island.
Between 1859 and 1865, his father Dr. Edward Delafield, assembled a tract of land in Darien, Connecticut. After his parents died, in the summer of 1879, Francis Delafield inherited the entirety of the property in Darien then called "Delafield Farm". After the death of Francis, the property was looked after by his spinster sister Emma Harriot Delafield. When she died in 1921, the property then went to the only son of Francis: Edward Henry Delafield. After the 1929 stock market crash, Edward partitioned and parcelled off the land over the ensuing years. In an effort to sell land, the name was changed to "Delafield Wood" then "Delafield Estates" until Edward settled on the current name "Delafield Island". Edward Delafield had four daughters and lived on Delafield Island until his death in 1955.
Grandfather, John Delafield.
From London, Francis' grandfather (John Delafied) emigrated to New York City. The ship upon which he took passage bore letters of marque, and captured a French vessel. John Delafield volunteered in the action, and shared the prize money to the extent of £100. He landed in New York City in April 5, 1783, and found himself especially welcomed as the bearer of a manuscript copy of the text of the treaty of peace, which had been handed him at the moment of sailing by an official in the British service. The conditions of peace were known, but the text had not yet been made public in England; and, although the official copy had been forwarded, the "Vigilant" had outstripped the bearer of the government dispatches by some days. 
John Delafield was a founder and director of the Mutual insurance company, established on June 15, 1787, that being the first company organized to take risks against fire in the City of New York after the Revolution. On January 12, 1792, he was appointed director of the branch of the U. S. bank, and was afterward elected to the same office. He was one of forty gentlemen who subscribed $10,000 each, and founded (February 1, 1796) the United insurance company, also acting as a director, and serving as president for many years. His summer residence on the East River, opposite Blackwell's Island, known as" Sunswick," built in 1791, was one of the largest and best appointed private houses near New York. John Delafield had nine sons and four daughters. Two of his sons died young.
Francis Delafield Hospital.
In 1948, in recognition for his career in medicine, the Francis Delafield Hospital opened as a cancer research center for Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center.
The Delafield Commission.
Francis Delafield was the nephew of Major Richard Delafield. In 1855, Secretary of War Jefferson Davis dispatched Maj. Richard Delafield, Maj. Alfred Mordecai, and Capt. George B. McClellan to the battlefields of Crimea to observe the European military in action. American military commanders had studied European armies before, but the Delafield Commission was the most ambitious military observation mission up to that time and the first to observe an ongoing war. Major Delafield procured illustrations of Crimean weaponry that informed designs for the United States Civil War.
Attended William McKinley.
Francis Delafield was the primary physician who was consulted following the shooting of United States President William McKinley in September 1901. While Francis argued to use the X-Ray machine to photograph McKinley's organs and assess the damage, he met opposition from others unwilling to use the new technology. Some attribute this inaction to contributing to McKinley's ultimate demise.
Lineage.
Francis Delafield was of the family of Count de la Feld, which dates back to the darkest period of the Middle Ages (about the sixth century) and seated at the Chateaux of La Feld, in Alsace (extensive ruins still remain). Hubertus De La Feld from Alsace-Lorraine near Colmar, was the first of the family that emigrated to England. Because of his service in Hastings during the 1066 invasion of England, Hubertus De La Feld received large grants of land from William the Conqueror and settled near Halifax. In England, the family rose in stature when John Delafield distinguished himself in the imperial service against the Turks: having taken a standard from the enemy at the Battle of Zenta in Hungary was in 1697 created a Count of the Holy Roman Empire by Emperor Leopold I.

</doc>
<doc id="9806849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806849" title="FCU UNTAC">
FCU UNTAC

FCU – UNTAC, the Force Communications Unit UNTAC (United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia), was the Australian component of the UNTAC mission in Cambodia. 
United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia.
After Vietnam intervened in Cambodia in 1979 to overthrow the Khmer Rouge regime, Cambodia became embroiled in a four-sided civil war.
The four groups were the Vietnamese-installed government of the (SOC) which was supported by the Cambodian People's Armed Forces (CPAF); the communist Democratic Kampuchea (DK – commonly known as the Khmer Rouge) which is supported by the National Army of Democratic Kampuchea (NADK); and the two non communist factions, the Khmer People's National Liberation Front (KPNLF) which was supported by Khmer People's National Liberation Armed Forces (KPNLAF); and the United Front for an Independent, Neutral, Peaceful and Cooperative Cambodia (FUNCINPEC) which was supported by the National Army of Independent Cambodia (ANKI).
In August 1989, the UN proposed an observer mission to monitor the withdrawal of Vietnamese forces from Cambodia and supervise an internal peace process between the four factions. From 6–22 August 1989, two Australian officers were deployed to Thailand and Cambodia on the UN reconnaissance team planning the mission.
In late March 1992, UNTAC was established under the 1991 Paris Agreements to supervise a cease-fire and general election in Cambodia. Australian diplomacy during 1989–1991 assisted the successful conclusion of the Agreements.
United Nations Advance Mission in Cambodia.
In October 1991, prior to UNTAC being formally established in United Nations Security Council Resolution 717. On 10 November 1991 45 Australian Army personnel flew to Cambodia as part of Australias advanced party to UNAMIC. The advanced party established an Australian HQ and provided basic radio communications to the 4 military factions headquarters. Australia contributed a 65-strong communications unit to its precursor, the UN Advance Mission in Cambodia (UNAMIC). The Australians (under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Russell Stuart) were among the first UN troops in Cambodia, to provide communications support to UNAMIC which was tasked to set in motion the peace process and pave the way for the deployment of UNTAC. UNAMIC's mandate ended in March 1992 and was absorbed into UNTAC at its establishment in United Nations Security Council Resolution 745.
United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia.
On UNTACs establishment, the Australian Defence Force contingent increased to 502 personnel, comprising the 488 strong Force Communications Unit (FCU) and 14 staff on HQ UNTAC spread out across 60 locations throughout Cambodia. The FCU was originally based on the 2nd Signal Regiment (based in Watsonia, Melbourne), but reinforced from many other units, including 20 personnel each from the RAN and the RAAF. The FCU also included a further 40 New Zealand personnel. UNTAC's military component comprised some 16,000 personnel from 32 countries. The Force Commander of this operation was Australia's Lieutenant General J.M. Sanderson AC.
Since 1991 when the original Australian UNAMIC contingent provided the communications network between the four Cambodian factions' military headquarters and the UNAMIC headquarters, the task of the Australians mushroomed under its UNTAC mandate. To achieve those tasks, the FCU based its RHQ in Phnom Penh (Pteah Kangaroo), along with the headquarters of its administrative squadron and 1 Sig Sqn (Pteah Australii). 2 Sig Sqn was based in the northern provincial capital of Battambang. The FCU was spread across 56 locations throughout Cambodia and was the only unit to serve in Cambodia to see more action than any other UN unit. Other major FCU locations included Siem Reap, Kampong Som, Banteay Meanchey, Khu, Kampong Cham, Kampong Thom, Pailin and Sisophon.
From 11 May to 9 September 1992, a Movement Control Group (MCG) comprising seven RAN, 16 Army and seven RAAF personnel joined UNTAC. The MCG included a headquarters and nine three person teams, and coordinated the reception and movement of forces during UNTAC's main deployment phase. From 15 May to 19 July 1993, Australia contributed a further 115 troops and six S70A Blackhawk helicopters, with the deployment of a squadron from 5 Aviation Regiment and an infantry platoon protection party from the 2/4th Battalion, the Royal Australian Regiment.
Post UNTAC.
After the elections, UNTAC was closed on 15 November 1993 and replaced by the United Nations Military Liaison Team (UNMLT). UNMLT comprises 20 military observers and their task is to maintain close liaison with the Cambodian Government and report to the Secretary-General on matters affecting security in Cambodia and also assisting the Government in dealing with residual military matters related to the Paris Agreement. UNMLT was established for a single period of six months. Military observers are eligible to receive the UNTAC medal.
In 2014, the Force Communications Unit was awarded a Meritorious Unit Citation in the Australia Day honours list.

</doc>
<doc id="9806858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806858" title="Code generation">
Code generation

Code generation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9806860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806860" title="Peter Sumner">
Peter Sumner

Peter Sumner (born 29 January 1942) is an Australian actor, director, and writer. He was born Peter Sumner-Potts in Sydney, Australia.
His credits include parts in such films as ' and "Ned Kelly", as well as a starring role in television series "Spyforce" along with his portrayal of Bill Hayden in "The Dismissal". In an interview in 1978 for the Sir Joseph Banks high school newspaper, he revealed that he had an uncredited role off stage, controlling the Dianoga Monster (garbage compactor monster) in '. Sumner played Arnie in the first series of the British science fiction drama television series "Jeopardy" in 2002, filmed in Australia.
Sumner is a follower of Meher Baba and directed a TV documentary, "Baba's Birthday", shot in India, produced by Sensory Image, with music by Pete Townshend.The documentary follows Sumner's son, Luke Sumner, as he journeys to India in search of spiritual meaning.
Sumner was a high school teacher before he started acting. He is divorced from fellow actor Lynda Stoner. They have a son named Luke.

</doc>
<doc id="9806863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806863" title="The Heat Can Melt Your Brain">
The Heat Can Melt Your Brain

The Heat Can Melt Your Brain is an album by Viva Voce, released on September 14, 2004, on Minty Fresh.

</doc>
<doc id="9806865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806865" title="Joshua Livestro">
Joshua Livestro

Joshua Livestro (born 16 December 1970 in Amersfoort) is a Dutch columnist and political writer. He was a former assistant to EU commissioner Frits Bolkestein.
Livestro read political science at Leiden University and philosophy at the University of Cambridge. Livestro was active in the Edmund Burke Foundation, a conservative think tank. During his studies, Livestro was an active checkers player, and became national students' champion in 1994. He writes a column about foreign affairs for "De Telegraaf".
Livestro succeeded Ronald Plasterk as a columnist for the Sunday morning television talkshow "Buitenhof". Plasterk became an education and culture minister in the fourth Balkenende cabinet. The producers of "Buitenhof" fired Livestro after just four months, saying that his columns were subpar. Livestro said in a "Telegraaf" op-ed that he was fired for his "right-wing views," that the show routinely ignores alternate viewpoints and even censures columnists' views. He also called one of the broadcaster of "Buitenhof", the NPS, a "left-wing funnel," where a "a "DDR" mentality reigns." In wake of Livestro's firing, political parties D66 and VVD asked parliamentary questions to the culture minister, Ronald Plasterk, who incidentally was Livestro's predecessor at "Buitenhof". Plasterk answered that there was enough diversity in Dutch public television. Livestro later wrote a longer account his experiences at "Buitenhof" for Pajamas Media.
On 25 November 2010, the Dutch daily newspaper "NRC Handelsblad" published an article which names Livestro an advisor to Sarah Palin; Livestro confirmed the announcement by telephone from his home in Nottingham, England.

</doc>
<doc id="9806872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806872" title="Wayne Jones (darts player)">
Wayne Jones (darts player)

Wayne Alan Jones (born 24 April 1965 in Wolverhampton) is an English darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation tournaments. He uses the nickname The Wanderer for his matches.
Career.
He started his career in the British Darts Organisation in the late 1980s and reached the final of the British Open in 1990 (losing to Alan Warriner and the British Classic in 2000 (losing to Ritchie Davies) - but his best achievement was reaching the final of the prestigious Winmau World Masters in 1999 when Andy Fordham ended his hopes of a first major title.
He didn't make it to the Lakeside Country Club for the BDO World Championship until 2001, losing to Andy Fordham in the second round. He made it to the quarter-finals of the 2002 event by beating Tony Eccles and Ted Hankey but lost 1-5 to Martin Adams.
He then switched to the PDC and made his debut at their version of the World Championship in 2004. In 2006 he produced his best ever World Championship performance by reaching the semi-finals before losing to Peter Manley. In August 2010, he made his first ever televised final appearance (his Masters final appearance was untelevised) in the European Championships, losing to Phil Taylor. However this had guaranteed him a place in the Grand Slam of Darts in his home town of Wolverhampton in 2010 and 2011. At the 2010 tournament he produced quite a big upset in the quarter finals by beating Scotland's number one Gary Anderson, having trailed throughout the match, his never give up attitude earning him the last three legs to take victory 16-15 in a thriller. By reaching the semi finals of this competition where he lost to James Wade, it also guaranteed himself a place in the Grand Slam of darts for an extra year in 2012. He was beaten by James Wade in the semi finals.
In 2012 he reached the last 16 of the PDC World Championship for the first time since 2006. He comfortably beat Scott MacKenzie and Roland Scholten, before being whitewashed, 0–4, to defending champion Adrian Lewis. At the Dutch Darts Masters, Jones produced an upset by beating Phil Taylor 6–5 en route to the quarter-finals, before losing to Paul Nicholson in the semi-finals. After all 33 ProTour events of 2012 had been played, Jones was 32nd in the Order of Merit, gaining the final spot for the Players Championship Finals. He produced a big shock by whitewashing number one seed Dave Chisnall 6–0 in the first round, before bowing out of the tournament 7–10 to Peter Wright.
Jones lost in the first round of the 2013 World Championship to Dutchman Jerry Hendriks 3–0, after being narrowly edged out of each set by two legs to three. He was whitewashed 5–0 by James Wade in the second round of the UK Open. Jones reached his first semi-final on the Pro Tour in almost a year in September's eighth Players Championship but was beaten 6–1 by Ian White. He continued his form by reaching another semi later in the month at the German Darts Masters in a run which included wins over Michael van Gerwen and Gary Anderson, before Mervyn King beat him 6–4. His recent surge in form saw him qualify for the World Grand Prix, where he faced King again and this time beat him by two sets to nil. Jones won the first set of his next match against Dave Chisnall but lost 3–1. Jones was involved in a deciding leg in the first round of the Players Championship Finals and left 36 only for his opponent Brendan Dolan to take out 126 on the bull to defeat him 6–5.
Jones lost 3–2 to Kevin McDine in the first round of the 2014 World Championship as he missed a total of 26 darts at doubles during the match. He dropped out the top 32 on the Order of Merit afterwards as he was ranked number 33. Jones suffered a surprise 5–3 defeat to Jason Hogg in the second round of the UK Open.
Outside darts.
Wayne lists himself as a Wolves fan. He is a widower and has three daughters, Emma (age ), Katie (age ) and Joanne (age ).

</doc>
<doc id="9806892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806892" title="Taichi Saotome">
Taichi Saotome

His father is the head of the "gekidan sujaku" theatre troupe, and Saotome grew up within the troupe, performing primarily in "taishū engeki", a theatrical form related to kabuki, but less formalized. Identified as having a natural talent as an "onnagata" (female impersonator), he has been trained in that field, and performs in female roles onstage.
He has acted in two films by director Takeshi Kitano. In 2003, in "Zatoichi", he portrayed the child Seitaro who, when older, disguised himself as a geisha (played by Daigoro Tachibana). Though in a different troupe from Tachibana, the two have frequently practiced and performed together. Saotome was also in Kitano's 2005 film, "Takeshis"', in which he was credited as himself, playing a young female impersonator and dancer.
Saotome also plays young male roles, particularly those with a "bishōnen" aesthetic, i.e. graceful, beautiful young men. In 2005, he played the role of Mori Ranmaru in a National Museum event called "Sengoku Fantasy", and on New Year's 2007, he played a young Horibe Yasubee in the NHK New Year's "jidaigeki" play.
Though he has not appeared in many films, Saotome has a powerful fan following in the theatre, and his official fan club was established in 2006. He has said that he does not really understand his appeal, but is happy that people of all ages enjoy his performances. His appearance on the variety show "D no Gekijō" in late January 2007 was one of a number of his events which have generated an overwhelming fan response. It was arranged that he would reprise the same performance, a dance in a flower-decorated kimono, at the Taishōkan, soon afterwards. The performance was sold out the next day. Many of his fellow performers from "D no Gekijō" and other events are said to have become fans of his as well, and make time in their busy schedules to attend his performances.
Saotome has expressed a desire to play men's roles and to perform in more mainstream or traditional theatre, saying that he has never much cared for playing female roles.
Beginning in October 2010, Saotome will star in the stage production of the otome game, "Hakuouki". He has been cast as vice commander, Hijikata Toshizo, of the Shinsengumi.

</doc>
<doc id="9806896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806896" title="Isabel Parra">
Isabel Parra

Violeta Isabel Cereceda Parra (born 29 September 1939), better known as Isabel Parra, is a famous Chilean singer-songwriter and interpreter of Latin American musical folklore.
Parra was born in Chile in 1939 and began her career in music at the age of 13 when she made her first recording with her world-renowned mother, the folklorist Violeta Parra. She has since interpreted and recorded the songs of some of the most famous Latin American folk singers. After the 
September 11, 1973 Chilean coup d’etat she lived in exile in Argentina and France for many years. She returned to Chile when democracy returned to her country.
Parra has toured extensively during her career and was a distinctive figure in the Nueva Canción Chilena (New Chilean Song) movement. Isabel Parra is also the sister of the famous folk singer Ángel Parra and the niece of the famous poet Nicanor Parra.
External links.
The Chilean Folk Songstress (Australian Interview - October 6, 1999)

</doc>
<doc id="9806904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806904" title="Bufuka">
Bufuka

Bufuka Village lies on the eastern coast of Lake Bunyonyi, in Kitumba sub-county seven kilometres out of Kabale town, southwestern Uganda. It is a village of 350 people and has three islands under its jurisdiction.
Being the closest place to the town, the area got the first tourist hotel already in the 1960s. Today the building is a ruin but there are five other operating tourist sites at Bufuka. The trading centre called Rutindo is the site of the bi-weekly market.
The main part of the village is a peninsula where a Protestant church now lies. Bufuka Primary School was an outshoot of the church starting in 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="9806906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806906" title="Scott Casey">
Scott Casey

Scott Casey (born January 11, 1954) is a retired American professional wrestler who is probably best known for his stint in the World Wrestling Federation between 1987 and 1990. His brother, Steve, was also a wrestler who appeared in the National Wrestling Alliance in the late 1980s and for the Global Wrestling Federation in the early 1990s as 'Steve Dane'. Casey, originally from Amarillo, Texas, now resides in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Early career.
Scott Casey began his wrestling career in the 1970s and in his early career spent nine years in Joe Blanchard's Southwest Championship Wrestling promotion. On August 30, 1983 Casey defeated Adrian Adonis to win the Southwest Championship Wrestling World Heavyweight Championship. A month later, on September 11 he defeated Tully Blanchard to win the SWCW Southwest Heavyweight Championship. In September, Casey also held the SWCW Southwest Tag Team Championship with Buddy Mareno, replacing the 'injured' Bobby Jaggers.
After leaving SCW he went to World Class Championship Wrestling where he was managed by Sunshine. Him and Sunshine would also bring in The Great Kabuki in the feud with Jim Cornette and Midnight Express. And later Kabuki after he turned on Him and Sunshine. John Tatum and Missy Hyatt would also show up and work a program with Casey and Sunshine too. However he would leave WCCW in the middle of the program and Sunshine would keep the program going with other wrestlers involved.
World Wrestling Federation.
In 1987 Casey began wrestling for the World Wrestling Federation (now known as WWE). He appeared in single matches as a baby face on WWF TV shows as a pure jobber losing to the likes of The Honky Tonk Man, Greg Valentine, and the Iron Sheik. Casey would also wrestle the odd tag team match on WWF TV with other mid-opening card guys like SD Jones, Sam Houston and Lanny Poffo, to put over top heel teams like the Hart Foundation, the Islanders and Demolition. On the WWF house show events he scored most of his victories wrestling opening card matches against Steve Lombardi, Iron Mike Sharpe and the Red Rooster. His most high-profile appearance was at the 1988 Survivor Series where he teamed with Jake Roberts, Tito Santana, Ken Patera and Jim Duggan in a losing effort against André the Giant, Rick Rude, Mr. Perfect, Harley Race and Dino Bravo. Casey continued to wrestle for the World Wrestling Federation until he left in 1990.
Retirement.
Casey, after leaving the World Wrestling Federation, retired from active wrestling. Casey took jobs in car dealership and construction, and began working as a trainer for Nick Bockwinkel's UWF International wrestling promotion. Casey is credited as the trainer who broke Booker T into the business. Casey now works as a security guard at the Luxor hotel/casino in Las Vegas, a post he has held for over twelve years.
In 2006 Casey was honored by the Cauliflower Alley Club.
He was a great inspiration for the 2014 Shape EP 'Chromesthesia'.

</doc>
<doc id="9806909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806909" title="Hart wrestling family">
Hart wrestling family

The Hart wrestling family is a Canadian family with a significant history within professional wrestling. The patriarch of the family was wrestling legend, WWE Hall of Famer and Order of Canada recipient Stu Hart (1915–2003). An amateur and professional wrestling performer, promoter and trainer, Stu not only owned and operated his own wrestling promotion, Stampede Wrestling, but also trained some of the most well known and successful stars in the contemporary wrestling industry including Edge, Chris Jericho, and Chris Benoit. Two of his sons, Bret and Owen, also achieved fame and success in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE), with many of the WWF's biggest storylines in the mid-1990s being built around Bret and Owen and their brothers-in-law.
As of 2013 the only Hart actively working in WWE is Stu's granddaughter Natalie "Natalya" Neidhart, but Bret makes occasional guest appearances while WWE employs Dungeon graduates Tyson Kidd (also Neidhart's husband), and former world champions Chris Jericho, Christian and Mark Henry.
Family history.
The Hart family is one of the most well-known professional wrestling families in history. The patriarch of the family, Stu Hart was a professional wrestler and a trainer as well as the owner of Stampede Wrestling. Many of his children became professional wrestlers. He became involved with wrestling after retiring from his career with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. Stu began promoting wrestling in 1948 and operated Stampede Wrestling until selling it to Vince McMahon in 1984. In 1985, however, he decided to revive the promotion, which remained in operation until December 1989. It was brought back again in 1999 by Bruce and Ross Hart and remains active today. Stu Hart has been noted from training some of North America's most famous wrestlers, including André the Giant, the "British Bulldog" Davey Boy Smith, Dynamite Kid, Junkyard Dog, and dozens more in addition to his own sons.
Roddy Piper is a cousin of the Hart family
Bret Hart has won the most wrestling championships of anyone in the family. He won his first title belt in the World Wrestling Federation while teaming with brother-in-law Jim Neidhart (Ellie Hart's husband) to form The Hart Foundation tag team. They had a feud with the British Bulldogs (Diana Hart's husband Davey Boy Smith and Bret Hart's sister-in-law's husband Dynamite Kid, who were first cousins in real life). On January 26, 1987, Hart and Neidhart defeated the Bulldogs to win the WWF Tag Team Championship. After the Hart Foundation split up, Owen Hart began teaming with Neidhart as The New Foundation. Bret went on to have a successful career as a singles wrestler, holding the WWF Championship five times.
The family connection played a role in two major WWF storylines. Four of the Hart brothers (Bret, Owen, Keith, and Bruce) formed a team at Survivor Series 1993. Animosity began to build between Bret and Owen, and Owen turned on Bret at Royal Rumble 1994. This led to a feud between the two brothers; Neidhart later became involved on Owen's side, while Smith sided with Bret. The feud culminated with Owen costing Bret the WWF Championship. While Bret was defending the title against Bob Backlund at Survivor Series 1994, Owen tricked his mother Helen into throwing a towel into the ring to signify that Bret conceded defeat.
Several years later, the Hart Foundation was formed again, this time as a stable of anti-American wrestlers. Bret and Owen reconciled, and they were joined by Neidhart, Smith, and Brian Pillman (Pillman was not related but had trained with the Hart family and was a friend of the family). At the pay-per-view in Calgary on July 6, 1997, the Hart Foundation won a five-on-five match against Steve Austin, Ken Shamrock, Goldust, and The Legion of Doom (Hawk and Animal). Bret Hart left the WWF in 1997 after what has come to be known as the Montreal Screwjob, while Owen died as the result of a failed stunt during his ring entrance at the Over the Edge 1999 pay-per-view. Bret would eventually return to the renamed WWE in 2010 after settling his differences with the promotion.
Three of Stu and Helen Hart's grandchildren have begun careers in professional wrestling. Nattie Neidhart, daughter of Ellie and Jim, trained in Calgary and now wrestles for World Wrestling Entertainment (formerly the WWF) under the ring name Natalya. She was the first female from the Hart family to win Championship gold, when she won the Diva's Championship at Survivor Series 2010 Harry Smith, son of Diana and Davey Boy Smith, uses the name David Hart Smith and also wrestled for WWE. Teddy Hart, son of Georgia Hart and BJ Annis, has also competed in WWE but was released by the company.
Outside of wrestling.
Helen Smith Hart was the daughter of noted marathoner and sprinter Harry J. Smith, a serious contender for the 1912 Olympics before an injury took him out of competition, by his Greek wife, Elizabeth "Ellie" Poulis Smith 
BJ Annis, husband of Georgia Hart and father of Teddy Hart has operated BJ's Gym in Downtown East Village, Calgary since constructing it in 1971. In November 2011, his daughter Angie Annis staged an art exhibition at the gymnasium prior to the establishment closing its doors.
In December 2011, Jade Hart, the eldest child of Bret Hart and Julie Hart, launched a clothing line called Jade Hart Kimonos. Based out of Calgary the clothing line consists of hand made kimonos made from Canadian silks and other fabrics.
Family tree.
† = deceased
Note that when Bruce divorced from her ex-wife Andrea Redding, Bruce won the custody of his five children (Bruce Hart Jr., Brit Hart, Rhett Hart, Tory Hart and Lara Hart) from his ex-wife, he then married Rachel Overholt in January 2007 and had their first child later that year naming their son Davis Gene Hart, making his wife Rachel the stepmother of his five step-children who are Bruce Hart Jr., Brit Hart, Rhett Hart, Tory Hart and Lara Hart, it also makes their son Davis the half brother of his four half brothers and one half sister.
DVD.
"Hart & Soul: The Hart Family Anthology" is a documentary produced and released by WWE Home Video in collaboration with Hart family members. The DVD chronicles the lineage of the Hart family beginning with the biography of patriarch Stu Hart. It gives a brief accounting of the lives of all twelve Hart children as well as parents Stu and Helen growing up in Calgary. It describes the deaths of Stu, Helen, Dean, Matthew, Owen, Brian Pillman and Davey Boy Smith with recollections from their loved ones. The DVD concludes with a feature on the Hart Dynasty and their future in WWE.
The bonus discs feature matches from Stampede Wrestling and WWF/WWE as well as candid home footage and interviews from the Hart family.

</doc>
<doc id="9806920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806920" title="2007 BWF Super Series">
2007 BWF Super Series

The 2007 BWF Super Series is the inaugural season of the BWF Super Series. It was held from January 16 with Malaysia Open and end on December 2, 2007. It is expected to end on December 23, 2007 with Super Series Finals, however this mega prizes event was postponed due to an uncertain circumstance.
Schedule.
Venue and date for the Super Series Final still uncertain after Qatar failed to get enough sponsorship to support the event. It supposed to be held on January 2, to January 6, 2008, however once again it was delayed by Badminton World Federation to an uncertain date. The tournament was eventually canceled.
Results.
Performances by countries.
Tabulated below are the Super Series performances based on countries. Only countries who have won a title are listed:
Super Series Rankings.
After Hong Kong Open Super Series
Leader progress.
Tabulated below are the leader progress in Super Series ranking towards the Super Series Final in December:

</doc>
<doc id="9806932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806932" title="Life interest">
Life interest

A life interest (or life rent in Scotland) is some form of right, usually under a trust, which lasts only for the lifetime of the person benefiting from that right. A person with a life interest is known as a life tenant.
A life interest ends when the life tenant dies.
An "interest in possession trust" is the most common example of a "life interest trust". In a typical interest in possession trust, the life tenant receives all the income from the trust for the rest of his or her life. On the life tenant's death, the trust comes to an end, and the capital of the trust is paid to another person, known as the remainderman, as specified by the trust document.
One form of life interest is a life estate, an ownership interest in property which lasts for the life of the party to whom it has been granted. Unlike the beneficiary of a trust, the owner of a life estate in property has the right to actual possession of the property itself, and may use it as any other owner, subject only to a duty to avoid waste of the property value affecting parties with a future interest.

</doc>
<doc id="9806943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806943" title="St Bede's Catholic College">
St Bede's Catholic College

St Bede's Catholic College is a secondary school located in Lawrence Weston, Bristol, England. Since November 2011 it has been an Academy.
The school also received a rating of outstanding during an Ofsted inspection in 2007. 
St Bede's takes students from Weston-super-Mare, Clevedon, Nailsea, central Bristol, Bristol's outer suburbs, and most of South Gloucestershire.
It has a strong partnership with St Brendan's Sixth Form College in Brislington.
The school was awarded a green flag in the Eco School Awards in July 2004.
Improvements include ICT rooms built in 2004 and the lecture theatre in 2005. Also, more recently, a large block of specialist Art, Food and Design and Technology classrooms were built by Skanska in 2009.
As of 4 July 2012, St. Bede's has planning permission to build a Sixth Form building.
Academic achievement.
The school has improved its results year on year and achieved its best ever GCSE scores in 2010, the table below shows the percentage of pupils hitting the key measure of 5 A*-C including English and Mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="9806955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806955" title="District Council of Ceduna">
District Council of Ceduna

The District Council of Ceduna is a local government area located on the far west coast of the Eyre Peninsula in South Australia. The district has a diverse business and industry with an estimated 240,000 tourists passing through every year.
The township of Ceduna is the focal point of the district.
Industry and history.
The land in the district has long been used for agricultural purposes, in fact, between the 1850s and 1880s, much of the land was one large sheep station. Now most blocks are around and mostly farming cereal crops such as wheat, oats and barley; as well as livestock, particularly sheep. 
Port Thevenard has been an exporter of gypsum and salt, with up to 1.2 million tonnes of gypsum being exported per year.
Smoky Bay and Denial Bay have been growing oysters using aquaculture for over ten years now, with Denial and Smoky Bay now the second and third largest producing areas in the state respectively.
Tourism is also a large part of the districts economy, with Smoky Bay and Ceduna attracting the largest crowds. The area's attractions are largely to do with the marine environment, with fishing and whale watching popular.
Localities.
The town of Ceduna is the major town of the district with a number of smaller towns in the area including:
Other remote, less populated areas include:
Bonython, Carawa, Charra, Chinta, Goode, Kalanbi, Koonibba, Laura Bay, Maltee, Merghiny, Mudamuckla, Murat Bay, Nunjikompita, Petina, Pimbaacla, Puntabi, Uworra, Wallanippie and Wandana.
Facilities.
Ceduna contains all essential facilities including shopping centres, fuel stations, a hospital, an area school and a variety of accommodation. The smaller towns contain much less, with most having only a roadhouse and possibly a caravan park.
Recreational facilities include
Elected members.
Mayor: Allan Suter 
CEO: Trevor Smart 
Councillors: 
Council meets on the third Wednesday of every month at 4 pm.

</doc>
<doc id="9806958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806958" title="The Fixxers">
The Fixxers

The Fixxers is a hip hop supergroup formed in late 2006 by two Compton-based West Coast rap veterans DJ Quik and AMG.
Quik and AMG had worked together some years earlier when Quik (then known as DJ Quik) produced some records that AMG appeared on. When Quik was released from a prison sentence for parole violation, he decided to form the duo with long-time friend AMG. The group's name was chosen by AMG and Quik's manager Greedy Greg, and in their own words refers to their desire to "fix music" - "We're fixing music out here. We're interchanging our LA people. Right now. Where it was all dry before, we're giving them a breath of fresh air that's homegrown" - Quik. 
The group signed a singles deal with Interscope Records after their track "Can U Werk Wit Dat" received regular airplay on Los Angeles radio, the label going on to release it as a single. It was chosen as number 22 on "Vibe"'s "44 Best Songs of 2007". The single became a favorite on LA radio stations and was featured on the HBO TV show "Entourage". It also featured on several Billboard charts: #7 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart, #20 on the Hot Rap Tracks chart, #21 on the Rhythmic Top 40 chart, and #74 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart, The group's debut album, "Midnight Life", was supposed to be released in 2007, but never received a physical release; It was sold via the MySpace page of the Secret Music Group, with Quik claiming this was an unauthorized, unfinished version of the album, sold by a former business partner who had hacked Quik's MySpace to make the release look official.
The duo toured in 2007 as part of the "Ball 4 Real Streetball Tour".
Their 2008 album "Street Masterpiece" received some positive reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="9806962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806962" title="Triodion">
Triodion

The Triodion (; Slavonic: Постнаѧ Трїωдь, "Postnaya Triod"; , Albanian: "Triod/Triodi"), also called the Lenten Triodion (Τριῴδιον κατανυκτικόν, "Triodion katanyktikon"), is the liturgical book used by the Eastern Orthodox Church containing the propers for the fasting period preceding Easter and for the few weeks leading up to the fast.
The canons for weekday matins in the Triodion contain only three odes and so are known as "triodes" after which the Triodion takes its name. The period which the book covers extends from the Sunday of the Publican and Pharisee (the tenth week before Pascha (Easter): twenty-two days before the beginning of Great Lent), and concludes with the Midnight Office of Holy Saturday.
The Triodion contains the propers for:
In the edition of the Lenten Triodion used by the Old Believers and those who follow the Ruthenian recension, the contents of the Triodion end with the service of Lazarus Saturday and do not contain the services of Holy Week, which are to be found in the Pentecostarion.

</doc>
<doc id="9806980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9806980" title="Arthur Gore, 2nd Earl of Arran">
Arthur Gore, 2nd Earl of Arran

Arthur Saunders Gore, 2nd Earl of Arran KP, PC (Ire) (25 July 1734 – 8 October 1809) styled The Honourable Arthur Gore from 1758 to 1762 and Viscount Sudley from 1762 to 1773, was an Irish peer and politician.
Arran was the eldest son of Arthur Gore, 1st Earl of Arran, and Jane Saunders. He was elected to the Irish House of Commons for Donegal Borough in 1759, a seat he held until 1761 and again from 1768 to 1774 and also represented Wexford County between 1761 and 1768. In 1773 he succeeded his father as second Earl of Arran and entered the Irish House of Lords. Arran was also appointed High Sheriff of County Wexford in 1757 and High Sheriff of Mayo in 1765. He was admitted to the Irish Privy Council in 1771 and in 1783 he was invested as one of the original sixteen Knights of the Order of St Patrick.
Lord Arran married, firstly, the Hon. Catherine Annesley, daughter of William Annesley, 1st Viscount Glerawly, in 1760. They had two sons and four daughters. After Catherine's death in 1770 he married, secondly, Anne Knight, daughter of Reverend Boleyn Knight, in 1771. They had one son and two daughters. After Anne's death he married, thirdly, Elizabeth Underwood, daughter of Richard Underwood, in 1781. They had four sons and three daughters. His eldest daughter from his third marriage, Lady Cecilia, was the second wife of Prince Augustus Frederick, Duke of Sussex, and was created Duchess of Inverness in 1840. Lord Arran died in October 1809, aged 75, and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son Arthur. Lady Arran died in 1829.
Family.
Lieut.-Colonel the Hon. Charles Gore, son of the 2nd Earl of Arran, K.P., married Sarah Rachel Fraser (1824–1880), eldest daughter of the 'Hon. James Fraser, M.E.C. of Nova Scotia, and his wife, Rachel Otis, daughter of Benjamin DeWolfe, Esquire, of Windsor, N.S.. at Halifax, N.S., May I3th, 1824. The couple had three sons and two daughters. One of the daughters became Dowager Countess of Erroll. The other, Cecilia, became duchess of Inverness. V.A. Colonel Gore served with distinction under Wellington, and was present with him at Waterloo, where he had three horses shot under him. He was sent afterwards to Canada, where he was created successively a C.H., a K.H., and a G.C.B., and attained general's rank in 1863. He served as lieutenant-governor of Chelsea Hospital at his death, 4 September 1869. Queen Victoria gave Lady Gore the use of a suite of apartments at Hampton Court Palace, where she died, 17 October 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="9807002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807002" title="Mimi Kuzyk">
Mimi Kuzyk

Mimi Kuzyk (born February 21, 1952) is a Canadian actress, born in Winnipeg to Fred and Kay Kuzyk, and received her early education at the Immaculate Heart of Mary School. She danced with the Rusalka Ukrainian dance group in Winnipeg for 12 years and briefly studied jazz dance at the Royal Winnipeg Ballet School.
Her film debut was in the 1984 film, "He's Hired, She's Fired." Since then she has had roles in numerous films and television series. Mimi is most noted for playing Detective Patsy Mayo on "Hill Street Blues" from 1984 to 1986. She received a Genie Award nomination for her work in the 2001 Canadian drama "Lost and Delirious", and Gemini Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress. In 2001 she was selected to be the parade marshal for the Bloor West Village Ukrainian Festival in Toronto.
She has also appeared on: "Murder, She Wrote", "Quantum Leap", "Doogie Howser, M.D.", "The Chris Isaak Show", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "L.A. Law", "The Love Boat", "Remington Steele", "Second City TV","The Ray Bradbury Theater", "Instant Star", "Traders", "Blue Murder", "Total Recall 2070", "NCIS", "", and "The Outer Limits"."
As of 1996, she was married to Greek-born carpenter Manolin Kourtikakis and has a daughter Kaliopi.

</doc>
<doc id="9807042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807042" title="Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan">
Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan

The Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan (Association for the Empowerment of Workers and Peasants) is an Indian social movement and grassroots organisation best known for its successful struggle and demand for the Right to Information Act (RTI) which grew out of the demand for minimum wages for workers. It is one of the forefront civil rights movements in India, and can cite legislation of the RTI as its major achievement.
The MKSS began by attempting to understand root causes and reasons for the non-payment of wages to workers employed by the government on works under departments including the public works department. In the search for these reasons, the MKSS found that any information they asked for was denied to them. On April 6th 1996, the MKSS announced a strike in the town of Beawar in Ajmer, Rajasthan.
Jan Sunwai : Public Hearings.
One of the most important innovations of the MKSS been the method of Jan Sunwais or Public Hearings where detailed documents derived from official expenditure records were read aloud to the people of the villages who gathered. Jan Sunwais are organised independent of the government but government officials are invited to attend. In the form of a hearing, people are invited to give their testimonies which often reveal differences between official records and people's experiences. Before the existence of the RTI Act, it was very difficult to access official records and not many Jan Sunwais could be organised. 

</doc>
<doc id="9807070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807070" title="Domingo Ibáñez de Erquicia">
Domingo Ibáñez de Erquicia

Fr. Domingo Ibáñez de Erquicia (c. 1589 – August 13, 1633) was born in Régil, Guipúzcoa, Spain. In 1605, he was professed in the Dominican Order and in 1611, he arrived in the Philippines where he worked as missionary to Pangasinan and later as Professor of Theology at the Colegio de Santo Tomas.
In 1623, he departed for Japan when the persecution was most violent. During ten years he worked among the Christians, comforting them, reconciling the apostates, administering the sacraments in painfully difficult circumstances. Constantly sought by the authorities, and desiring martyrdom, he was captured on July 1633 and interned in the prison of Nagoya. Taken to Nagasaki, and after refusing to renounce his faith, he was placed in the torment of gallows and the pit on August 13, 1633 and died the next day.
Ibáñez was aided in his missionary efforts by Francis Shoyemon, a Japanese layman who later was received into the Order of Preachers as a Dominican Cooperator Brother. Shoyemon served as a catechist and translator, and when Ibáñez was imprisoned, Shoyemon was with him. It was while they were in prison that Ibáñez received Shoyemon into the Dominican Order as a cooperator brother. The two coworkers in the faith were put to death on the same day.
Cause of beatification and cannonization.
The "Positio Super Introductione Causae" or the cause of beatification was authored by respected historian, Fr. Fidel Villarroel, O.P., which led to his beatification during Pope John Paul II's papal visit to the Philippines. It was the first beatification ceremony to be held outside the Vatican in history.

</doc>
<doc id="9807073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807073" title="David Fowler">
David Fowler

David Fowler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9807080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807080" title="Serra High School (San Diego, California)">
Serra High School (San Diego, California)

Junipero Serra High School is a public high school situated in the community of Tierrasanta within the city of San Diego, California. It is nearly adjacent to Murphy Canyon, a large military housing community. It is a traditional school and part of the San Diego City Schools.
Smaller Learning Communities.
The attributes of High School Reform/Small Learning Communities include innovation, personalization and purposeful instruction driven by ongoing data collection and analysis. This system allows teachers to team and share common planning time for common students is one proven approach to this need.
Athletics.
Serra High School's athletics programs include:
In 2011-2012 season, the girls Basketball team won San Diego CIF by defeating West Hills High School. The Football team won the inaugural City League championship in the Fall of 2012.
Clubs.
Several clubs and activities interact in the school to construct a more diversified school.
Dress Code.
Serra students are expected to dress professionally, with respect for themselves and their classmates. Students are expected to exercise good judgment, safety, good taste and modesty regarding their dress and grooming. Any clothing considered to be disruptive to the educational process is inappropriate for school.
AP Classes & Testing.
In 2006-2007 students at this school took Advanced Placement (AP) exams in the following areas:
Serra High School Foundation.
The Serra Foundation is an energetic group of volunteers consisting of parents, alumni, school administrators, and other community members, who are dedicated to raising funds for Serra High School's academic and football programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9807099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807099" title="International Centre of Technology">
International Centre of Technology

International Centre of Technology (ICT) is a college located in the outskirts of Thika in the Central Province of Kenya. The college was established in January 2007 and was registered by Kenyan Ministry of Higher Education, Science and Technology in 2011.
Registration No. MOHEST/PC/1405/011
The college is accessible from Thika, Nairobi, and Matuu, about 8 km from Thika along Thika/Garissa highway in an area commonly known as Landless. It offers academic courses in Information Technology, Business, Community Development, Vocational Training, and Disaster Management.
ICT Schools and Departments
Courses
The college offers sponsorship program through Out of Afrika, a UK-registered charity and international non-governmental organization in Kenya to cater for bright students from disadvantaged backgrounds who would not normally have the chance to continue with further education due to financial restraints on the family. 
International Perspective
International Centre of Technology works in collaboration with several national and international institutions to provide students with local and overseas qualifications. Due to continued expenses and a growing focus on investment in modern facilities the college seeks to expand opportunities for academic, professional qualifications and vocational skills through scientific and technological fields.
International Centre of Technology is registered with the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology as well as externally recognized bodies, which include: ICM, ABE, ABMA, City and Guilds and KNEC.

</doc>
<doc id="9807104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807104" title="Ionuț Matei">
Ionuț Matei

Ionuț Matei (born 2 July 1984 in Bacău) is a Romanian football player, who is a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="9807110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807110" title="Scowl (disambiguation)">
Scowl (disambiguation)

Scowl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9807115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807115" title="Arthur Gore, 3rd Earl of Arran">
Arthur Gore, 3rd Earl of Arran

Arthur Saunders Gore, 3rd Earl of Arran (20 July 1761 – 20 January 1837), styled Viscount Sudley from 1773 to 1809, was an Irish peer and Tory Member of Parliament.
Arran was the eldest son of Arthur Saunders Gore, 2nd Earl of Arran, by his first wife the Hon. Catherine Annesley. In 1783, he was elected to the Irish House of Commons for Baltimore and Donegal Borough. He chose to sit for the first and represented the constituency until 1790. In 1800, he was returned for Donegal County until the Union with Great Britain took place at the end of the year. Subsequently he sat then for County Donegal in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom to 1806. In 1809 he succeeded his father as third Earl of Arran, but as this was an Irish peerage it did not entitle him to a seat in the House of Lords of the United Kingdom.
Lord Arran married Mary Tyrell, daughter of Sir John Tyrell, 5th Baronet, in 1787. They had no children. He died in January 1837, aged 75, and was succeeded in his titles by his nephew Philip.

</doc>
<doc id="9807123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807123" title="Corrie Stein">
Corrie Stein

Corrie Stein was a politician in the States of Jersey as Deputy for the Parish of Grouville and as Senator.
Biography.
Corrie Stein was born on 18 October 1940, in The Hague, the Netherlands. She was educated in the Netherlands.
She was elected to the States in the elections of 1981 as Deputy for the Parish of Grouville. She was one of the first women members in the States. As a Deputy, she fought against the flooding of Queen's Valley, and successfully prevented the development of 100 homes in a parish field.
She stood for and was elected as Senator in the elections of 1990, and topped the poll. As Senator, she held presidencies of various States Committees, including the Housing Committee and the Industrial Relations Committee, which put forward proposals on employment legislation.
She remained in the States as a Senator until 2002, when she failed to be re-elected in the Jersey general election of 2002.
She now lives in Dinard.

</doc>
<doc id="9807136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807136" title="Theophil Mitchell Prudden">
Theophil Mitchell Prudden

Theophil Mitchell Prudden (1849-1924) was an American pathologist, born at Middlebury, Connecticut. He graduated from the Sheffield Scientific School, Yale, in 1872 and received his M. D. from Yale School of Medicine in 1875. He became an assistant (1879) and was professor of pathology (1892-1909) in the College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University. In 1901 he was made a director of the Rockefeller Institute for medical research. His writings include: 

</doc>
<doc id="9807143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807143" title="Treaty of Vienna (1866)">
Treaty of Vienna (1866)

According to the Treaty of Vienna signed on 12 October 1866, the Austrian Empire ceded Venetia to the French Empire, which in turn would cede it to the Kingdom of Italy, «under the reservation of the "consent of the people duly consulted"». This represented the final division of the Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia, as Lombardy had been ceded to the Kingdom of Sardinia by the Treaty of Zurich in 1859.

</doc>
<doc id="9807152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807152" title="Secret of the Incas">
Secret of the Incas

Secret of the Incas is a 1954 adventure film starring Charlton Heston as adventurer Harry Steele, on the trail of an ancient Incan artifact.
Plot.
An Incan legend states that the Inca Empire was destroyed by the gods when a gold and jeweled starburst was stolen from the Temple of the Sun centuries ago, and that the ancient civilization will be reborn once the treasure is returned. Harry Steele (Charlton Heston), an adventurer, is seeking the artifact, as is his nemesis Edward 'Ed' Morgan (Thomas Mitchell), along with Elena Antonescu (Nicole Maurey), an Iron Curtain refugee.
Production.
"Secret of the Incas" was filmed by Paramount Pictures on location in Peru at Cuzco and Machu Picchu, the first time that a major Hollywood studio filmed at this archeological site. Five hundred native Indians were used as extras in the film. The film also featured the Peruvian singer Yma Sumac as Kori-Tica. The film caused a surge in tourism to Peru in 1954.
Influence on "Raiders of the Lost Ark".
The film is often cited by film buffs as a direct inspiration for the Indiana Jones franchise of films, with many of the scenes in "Secret of the Incas" bearing a striking resemblance in tone and structure to scenes in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". Throughout "Secret of the Incas", the main character, Harry Steele, can be seen wearing the "Indiana Jones" outfit: brown leather jacket, fedora, tan pants, an over-the-shoulder bag, and revolver. The character also sometimes wears a light beard, unusual for films of its time, and there is a tomb scene involving a revelatory shaft of light similar to the "Map Room" sequence in "Raiders".
"Raiders"' costume designer Deborah Nadoolman Landis noted that the inspiration for Indiana's costume was Charlton Heston's Harry Steele in "Secret of the Incas": "We did watch this film together as a crew several times, and I always thought it strange that the filmmakers did not credit it later as the inspiration for the series" and quipped that the film is "almost a shot for shot "Raiders of the Lost Ark"."
Other media.
On December 14, 1954, Charlton Heston and Nicole Maurey reprised their roles in a "Lux Radio Theater" version of "Secret of the Incas".

</doc>
<doc id="9807153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807153" title="Chris Phillips (athlete)">
Chris Phillips (athlete)

Christopher Phillips (born 24 July 1972 in Crossett, Arkansas) is a retired American athlete who specialized in the 110 metres hurdles.
At the 2003 World Championships, Phillips achieved a lifetime best of 13.26 seconds in the first round. He eventually reached the final, but was disqualified for modafinil doping. A month later, he finished fifth at the World Athletics Final.
Phillips competed collegiately for the track powerhouse University of Arkansas.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9807174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807174" title="Wayne Srhoj">
Wayne Srhoj

Wayne Srhoj (born 23 March 1982 in Mareeba) is an Australian footballer who plays for A-League club Melbourne Heart.
Club career.
Between summer of 2006 and February 2007, Srhoj and team-mate Abiodun Agunbiade did not play a single official game, as they claimed their contract with FC Naţional had run out at the end of the 2005/2006 season. After seven months of controversial court hearings and delays, the final decision favoured the players who then signed with the Timişoara based team FC Timişoara.
FC Timişoara released Srhoj from his contract at the end of the 2007-08 Season. On 4 September 2008 Srhoj signed with Perth for the second time in his career. 
On 13 April 2010 Melbourne Heart announced Srhoj would be joining the new franchise for 2010-11 season. He soon became an integral part of the new side, starting in 10 of their first 12 matches. He also picked up five yellow cards in this time, meaning he was suspended for one match.
International career.
Srhoj has represented Australia at U-17, U-20 and U-23 levels. He started in all of Australia's games at both the 1999 U-17 World Cup in New Zealand and the 2001 U-20 World Cup in Argentina. Srhoj featured in many of the Olyroos' lead up games for 2004 Olympics, including the Oceania region Olympic qualifying series and a lead up tour of Switzerland in June, but did not make the final 18 man squad for Athens.
Honours.
With Australia:
With Sydney Olympic:
With Perth Glory:

</doc>
<doc id="9807176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807176" title="Pagaruyung Palace">
Pagaruyung Palace

Pagaruyung Palace () is the "istana" (royal palace) of the former Pagaruyung Kingdom, located in Tanjung Emas subdistrict near Batusangkar town, Tanah Datar Regency, West Sumatra, Indonesia. It was built in the traditional Minangkabau Rumah Gadang vernacular architectural style, but had a number of atypical elements including three stories structure and larger dimension compares to common rumah gadang.
Although today there is no king or royal family resides in this palace, since the Pagaruyung Kingdom was disbanded in 1833, the palace still held in high esteem among Minangkabau people as the descendants of scattered Minang nobles ("bangsawan") still seeks their root and link to the former royal house of Pagaruyung. The palace has been destroyed by fire for several times, in 1804, 1966 and 2007. It has been rebuilt again and today function as museum and popular tourist attraction.
Achitecture.
The original Pagaruyung palace was built entirely from timber masonry, however the current building frame was built using modern concrete structure. Nevertheless the "Istano Basa Pagaruyung" was quite faithfully restored using traditional technique and materials adorned with 60 carvings that signify Minang philosophy and culture. The palace has three stories with 72 pillars and the typical Rumah gadang "gonjong" horn-like curved roof made from 26 tons of black "ijuk" aren palm fibers. The palace is also furnished with over 100 replicas of Minang antique furnitures and artifacts, aiming the palace to be revived as Minangkabau cultural center as well as tourism attraction in West Sumatra.
History.
The original Pagaruyung palace was built on Batu Patah Hill and was burned down during a riot in Padri War back in 1804. The palace was rebuilt again, but destroyed again in fire in 1966. The building was being rebuilt again in 1976 as the replica of the original Pagaruyung palace. The restoration of the palace marked with the erection of "tunggak tuo" (main columns) on 27 December 1976 by West Sumatra Governor Harun Zain. After the completion, the palace has become well-known to the public as a museum and tourist attraction. This building was not built on the original site, but moves south from the original site.
The palace was destroyed by fire on the evening of February 27, 2007 after the roof was struck by lightning. It was estimated only 15 percent of valuable artifacts survived the fire. Today the surviving artifacts were stored in "Balai Benda Purbakala Kabupaten Tanah Datar" (Archaeology Authority of Tanah Datar Regency). The "pusaka" or heirloom of Pagaruyung Kingdom was stored in Silinduang Bulan Palace, located about 2 kilometer from Pagaruyung Palace. Restoration of the building has taken six years and an estimated Rp 20 billion (US$1,71 million) to complete. The building was completed and inaugurated by Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono in October 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9807184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807184" title="Georgette Leblanc">
Georgette Leblanc

Georgette Leblanc (8 February 1869 Rouen, – 27 October 1941 Le Cannet, near Cannes) was a French operatic soprano, actress, author, and the sister of novelist Maurice Leblanc. She became particularly associated with the works of Jules Massenet and was an admired interpreter of the title role in Bizet's "Carmen". For many years Leblanc was the lover of Belgian playwright and writer Maurice Maeterlinck, and he wrote several parts for her within his stage plays. She portrayed the role of Ariane in "Ariane et Barbe-bleue", both in the original 1899 stage play by Maeterlinck and in the 1907 opera adaptation by Paul Dukas. Leblanc also appeared in a couple of French films, most notably "L'Inhumaine" in 1924. In the last few decades of her life she turned to writing, producing two commercially successful autobiographies and several children's books and travelogues.
Biography.
Georgette Leblanc was born into a cultured family that valued the arts of all forms and encouraged her to pursue music, acting, and writing. She initially worked for a short time as an actress on the Paris stage before studying music under Jules Massenet in that city. She made her professional opera debut at the Opéra-Comique on November 23, 1893 as Françoise in Alfred Bruneau's "L'attaque du moulin". Shortly thereafter she returned to that opera house to sing the title role in Bizet's "Carmen". In 1894 she joined the roster at the Théâtre de la Monnaie where she sang numerous parts for the next three seasons, including: Anita in "La Navarraise" and the title roles in both Massenet's "Thaïs" and "Carmen" once again.
In 1895, Leblanc met playwright Maurice Maeterlinck in Brussels with whom she began a 23 year romantic relationship. That same year the couple moved to the district of Passy in Paris, living together quite out in the open to the chagrin of both of their Catholic families. Leblanc had married a Spanish man a few years previously, and the Roman Catholic Church refused to give her a divorce from her unhappy marriage. The couple's home became a center for the artistic community with individuals like Octave Mirbeau, Jean Lorrain, and Paul Fort frequently being entertained at their house. The couple also owned a home in Normandy where they would go for the summers.
Beginning with "Aglavaine and Sélysette" in 1896, Leblanc began to appear in a number of Maeterlinck's plays, several of which included characters specifically written for or based on her. She also sang in a number of recitals and concerts in Paris that included German lieder by Franz Schubert and Robert Schumann that had been translated into French by Maeterlinck. She remained active in opera in Paris, notably appearing as Fanny in Massenet’s "Sapho" at the Opéra-Comique in 1897. She later recorded several arias from "Sapho" with the composer on the piano in 1903.
Beginning in August 1893, Maeterlinck collaborated with Claude Debussy on the opera "Pelléas et Mélisande", which was based on Maeterlinck's play of the same name. Leblanc was originally slated to perform the role of Mélisande in the opera's 1902 premiere, but she was replaced by Mary Garden. This angered Maeterlinck, who threatened legal action and physical violence against Debussy for ousting his lover from the part. She did, however, originate the title role in the world premiere of Paul Dukas's operatic adaptation of Maeterlinck's "Ariane et Barbe-bleue" in 1907, having already portrayed Ariane in the original stage play in 1899 in Paris.
In 1906, Leblanc and Maeterlinck moved to a villa in Grasse where their relationship began to experience difficulties. Maeterlinck became increasingly depressed and was eventually diagnosed with neurasthenia. He did however write several plays during this time, two of which, "Marie-Victoire" (1907) and "Mary Magdalene" (1910), had leading roles for Leblanc. In 1912-1913 Leblanc sang at both the Manhattan Opera House in New York and at the Opéra de Monte-Carlo. She also finally got to sing Mélisande in 1912 in its premiere in Boston with the Boston Opera Company, where she also acted the part in the play and recorded 4 songs with Columbia Records. In 1914 Leblanc and Maeterlinck left Grasse for a villa near Nice and the following year Leblanc portrayed the role of Lady Macbeth in a French film adaptation of William Shakespear's "Macbeth". The couple stayed together four more years, but the relationship ended in 1918 when it became clear that he was involved with another woman, the actress Renée Dahon.
After her relationship with Maeterlinck ended, Leblanc remained active on the stage within his plays throughout the 1920s, although her singing career was pretty much over. She had a number of romantic relationships with high profile individuals during the 1920s and 1930s. For a brief time she was involved with Greco-Armenian mystic G. I. Gurdjieff. She was also a close friend of fellow Gurdjieff student Margaret Anderson and some scholars speculate the two may have been lovers during the last fifteen years of Leblanc's life. She continued to be popular among the Parisian artistic social circles and was notably friends with Jean Cocteau and Marcel L'Herbier, in whose film "L'Inhumaine" (1924) she starred.
In 1930 Leblanc published "Souvenirs" (1895–1918), an account of her liaison with Maeterlinck. She also authored a further autobiography and several children's books and travelogues. She died at Cannes, Alpes-Maritimes in 1941 and was buried in the Notre Dame des Anges Cemetery beside Margaret Anderson.

</doc>
<doc id="9807206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807206" title="Michael Puleo">
Michael Puleo

Michael Puleo is an American dancer, currently ballet master at the Compagnia Virgilio Sieni Danza, Florence, and assistant choreographer at Compagnia del Teatro Nuovo, Turin, Italy. He received his dance training at the Richard Andros Theater Art Center, the New York Performing Arts High School, and the School of American Ballet, and danced with the New York City Ballet, where he performed in the premieres of George Balanchine's "Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme" and Jerome Robbins' "Eight Lines", as well as with the Armitage Ballet and at the Metropolitan Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="9807229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807229" title="Vivian Della Chiesa">
Vivian Della Chiesa

Vivian Della Chiesa (October 9, 1915 – January 6, 2009) was an American lyric soprano who achieved a high level of popularity in the United States singing on the radio during the 1940s and the early 1950s. She performed a wide variety of classical and popular works from opera to musical theatre, jazz, and popular songs. She sang on a number of radio programs during her career, including "The American Album of Familiar Music", "The American Melody Hour", and "The Standard Hour" among others. A particularly important triumph for her radio career was a 1943 radio concert of Brahms’s "Deutsches Requiem" with conductor Arturo Toscanini and the NBC Symphony Orchestra. In addition to her radio career, Della Chiesa performed actively on the opera stage, mostly at the Chicago City Opera Company and the Chicago Opera Company, during the 1930s and 1940s. In the 1950s, she became a successful nightclub singer, headlining at major clubs in Las Vegas, Reno, and in major venues in other cities throughout the United States. After her singing career ended she worked as a voice teacher and a fundraiser for charity.
Early life and education.
Della Chiesa was born into an Italian family in Chicago. Her mother, Dulia (Morelli) Della Chiesa, was an accomplished pianist, whose father had been a conductor in Italy., and who initiated Vivian's training in piano at an early age. Vivian Della Chiesa also studied singing and violin and was, by age 10, interested in opera. She also studied foreign languages, gymnastics and dancing. She attended the Roosevelt High School in East Chicago, Indiana, and the Chicago Musical College.
While in her teens Della Chiesa studied for three years with Marion Claire of the Chicago Opera Company. These lessons were financed by "a rich woman who was a philanthropist.". Studies began with Forrest Lamont, formerly a leading tenor of the Chicago Opera, in 1934, and continued until his death at the end of 1937.
Career.
In 1935, Ms. Della Chiesa entered and won a large contest sponsored by an affiliate of the CBS network. Her prize was a $100 a week contract to appear on thirteen weekly radio programs. These appearances led to an invitation from Paul Longone, the impresario of the Chicago Opera, to audition. Ms. Della Chiesa obtained an engagement with the company for three years. Her debut occurred on November 15, 1936 as Mimi in La Bohème. She also appeared with the company as Adina, (L’Elisir D’Amore), Micaela (Carmen), Marguerite (Faust) and Eudoxie (La Juive). In 1943 she twice sang under the baton of the composer Italo Montemezzi in his own works - L'Amore dei tre re (Fiora) and, on October 9, in the first performance of L’Incantesima (Griselda) with the NBC Symphony. She sang with the San Francisco Opera in 1944 (Falstaff - Alice; Faust - Marguerite) and in 1945 (Boris Godunov - Marina (in Italian with Ezio Pinza); Cavalleria Rusticana - Santuzza; Don Giovanni - Donna Elvira; La Bohème - Mimi). Vivian also appeared with the St. Louis Opera, the Cincinnati Opera Company and the Havana International Opera. She appeared with the New York City Opera in 1947 as Maddalena in Andrea Chenier.
Della Chiesa also appeared as a soloist with the Chicago Symphony and the Toronto Symphony Orchestra. Her appearances with the NBC Symphony Orchestra under Arturo Toscanini in 1943 were a high point in her career. Opera News considers her to be “best remembered for her 1943 radio concert of Brahms’s Ein Deutsches Requiem” in that series.
Radio was an important part of Della Chiesa’s career. An offer of sponsorship appeared early in the series of radio broadcasts resulting from the CBS contest of 1935. Throughout the 1940s and early 1950s she sang a mixture of popular and classical music on shows such as the Carnation Hour, the Magic Key, the Firestone Hour, Album of Familiar Music (Bayer Aspirin), American Melody Hour and Standard Hour. At one point “I was on CBS, NBC and Mutual at the same time,” she told Diane Ketcham. During the late 1960s, she spent a brief time as an afternoon television show hostess on Cincinnati's WLWT. Her career eventually made the transition into featured attraction at supper clubs such as the Empire Room at the Waldorf-Astoria (New York) and night clubs. “Vivienne Della Chiesa” is listed among celebrity performers at the Deauville, a Miami Beach hotel, in 1970. In retirement she was active in community musical affairs and taught voice.
Personal life.
Della Chiesa moved to Huntington, Long Island in the late 1950s, bringing her widowed mother with her. She shared her home with her widowed sister, niece and nephew for an extended period of time. She married three times. Her third husband, Alfred J. Ré, predeceased her.
Death.
She died on January 6, 2009 at a nursing home in Huntington, Long Island, New York. She is buried in the St. Patrick Cemetery in Huntington.
Partial discography.
LP.
Come Rain, Come Shine. 20th Century Fox Records TFM 3140
Legacy.
In Popular Culture.
Judy Garland mentioned Vivian della Chiesa by name in her Carnegie Hall concert of January 23, 1961, preserved in the Judy at Carnegie Hall album. She says, “I must tell you one more thing, about, in Paris again. I got to the intermission, and I changed my dress and got into my pants and in my slacks, and the zipper in the back wouldn’t stay zipped. And so, just before I went on, I put a great big safety pin, you know, so my act wouldn’t get too gay in the middle of it, and I strolled over to the piano at this point and sat down and the pin . . . came undone, and into my derrière. I’ve never sung so high and so fast in my . . . I sounded like Vivian, Vivian Della Chiesa.”

</doc>
<doc id="9807237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807237" title="Rfam">
Rfam

Rfam is a database containing information about non-coding RNA (ncRNA) families and other structured RNA elements. It is an annotated, open access database originally developed at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute in collaboration with Janelia Farm, and currently hosted at the European Bioinformatics Institute. Rfam is designed to be similar to the Pfam database for annotating protein families.
Unlike proteins, ncRNAs often have similar secondary structure without sharing much similarity in the primary sequence. Rfam divides ncRNAs into families based on evolution from a common ancestor. Producing multiple sequence alignments (MSA) of these families can provide insight into their structure and function, similar to the case of protein families. These MSAs become more useful with the addition of secondary structure information. Rfam researchers also contribute to Wikipedia's .
Uses.
The Rfam database can be used for a variety of functions. For each ncRNA family, the interface allows users to: view and download multiple sequence alignments; read annotation; and examine species distribution of family members. There are also links provided to literature references and other RNA databases.
Rfam also provides links to Wikipedia so that entries can be created or edited by users.
The interface at the Rfam website allows users to search ncRNAs by keyword, family name, or genome as well as to search by ncRNA sequence or EMBL accession number. [http://rfam.xfam.org] 
The database information is also available for download, installation and use using the INFERNAL software package. The INFERNAL package can also be used with Rfam to annotate sequences (including complete genomes) for homologues to known ncRNAs.
Methods.
In the database, the information of the secondary structure and the primary sequence, represented by the MSA, is combined in statistical models called profile stochastic context-free grammars (SCFGs), also known as covariance models. These are analogous to hidden Markov models used for protein family annotation in the Pfam database. Each family in the database is represented by two multiple sequence alignments in Stockholm format and a SCFG.
The first MSA is the "seed" alignment. It is a hand-curated alignment that contains representative members of the ncRNA family and is annotated with structural information. This seed alignment is used to create the SCFG, which is used with the Rfam software INFERNAL to identify additional family members and add them to the alignment. A family-specific threshold value is chosen to avoid false positives.
Performing Rfam searches using profile SCFG is very computationally expensive, and even for a small ncRNA family takes an unreasonable amount of time for a computer search. To reduce the search time, an initial BLAST search is used to reduce the search space to a manageable size.
The second MSA is the “full” alignment, and is created as a result of a search using the covariance model against the sequence database. All detected homologs are aligned to the model, giving the automatically produced full alignment.
History.
Version 1.0 of Rfam was launched in 2003 and contained 25 ncRNA families and annotated about 50 000 ncRNA genes. In 2005, version 6.1 was released and contained 379 families annotating over 280 000 genes. As of August 2012, the current version 11.0 contains 2208 RNA families.

</doc>
<doc id="9807249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807249" title="Sport in Abkhazia">
Sport in Abkhazia

Sport in Abkhazia plays an important cultural role.
Football.
Football was the most popular sport in Abkhazia during Soviet times. The main club of the republic, FC Dinamo Sukhumi, played mostly in the lower leagues of Soviet football. However, Abkhazia produced several football talents who played in the top Georgian team FC Dinamo Tbilisi and in other Soviet teams. Natives of Abkhazia Vitaly Daraselia, Nikita (Mkrtych) Simonian, Avtandil Gogoberidze, Niyazbey Dzyapshipa, Giorgi Gavasheli, Temuri Ketsbaia and Akhrik Tsveiba were among the most prominent footballers of the Soviet Union.
Dinamo Sukhumi achieved their best result in 1991 finishing in 10th place in the first league (second tier of Soviet football). They were the only Georgian team to participate in the Soviet football system in 1990-1991 as other Georgian teams left for political reasons before the 1990 season. Several players of the 1990-1991 Dinamo Sukhumi squad including Sergei Ovchinnikov and the Adzhindzhal brothers played later for Russian teams and achieved varying degrees of success, as did Oleg Dolmatov, Dinamo's coach in 1990-1991.
After Abkhazia broke away from Georgia, it organised its own amateur Abkhazian football league in 1994 which is not part of any international football union. The league consists of 9 teams: Nart (Sukhumi), Gagra, Kiaraz (Pitsunda), Samurzakan (Gali), Afon (New Athos), Ertsakhu (Ochamchire), Kudry (Gulripsh) and Abazg-AGU (Sukhumi). The Gagra football club was the 2006 champion. The Abkhazian team will probably participate in the Amateur League of the Southern Federal District (fourth tier of Russian football pyramid).
The Tbilisi-based FC Dinamo Sokhumi, composed chiefly of Georgian IDPs from Sukhumi, play in the Umaglesi Liga, the top division in Georgian football.
Other sports.
The majority of Abkhazia's population have Russian citizenship so Abkhazian sportsmen participate in international competitions as Russian citizens. They had their biggest successes in boxing (2005 European Champion David Arshba; 2006 Russian Championship prize-winner Aslan Akhba) and freestyle wrestling (2006 American Airlines Freestyle Wrestling Tournament winner Denis Tsargush]).
"Sukhum" basketball club plays in the Southern Division of the First League (fourth tier of the Russian basketball system).

</doc>
<doc id="9807273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807273" title="Japanese slipper">
Japanese slipper

A Japanese slipper is an IBA Official Cocktail made from Midori, Cointreau, and lemon juice. It was created in 1984 by Jean-Paul Bourguignon at Mietta's Restaurant in Melbourne. 
History.
The Japanese Slipper appears in literature as early as 
The bulletin: Issues 5617-5625 in 1988
"you might care for one of the other current favorites — a Toblerone, a Japanese Slipper or a Mind Eraser. ... Bailey's, grand marnier) or a Melon Bullet (Midori, Mainstay, cointreau, lemon juice)"
Preparation.
Place a cherry into a cocktail glass. Place crushed ice into cocktail shaker, add Midori, then the Cointreau and lemon juice. Shake well and strain into the chilled cocktail glass and serve. Garnish with a slice of honeydew melon.
A variation can be made by replacing the Cointreau with vodka.

</doc>
<doc id="9807277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807277" title="Taoist Tai Chi Society">
Taoist Tai Chi Society

The International Taoist Tai Chi Society (國際道家太極拳社) is an umbrella organization for the governance of its member associations around the world, which are dedicated to the teaching of Taoist Tai Chi. 
As of 2007, the organization had 40,000 members, including 15,000 in Canada, 
and was present in 26 countries.
Since 2010 the Society refers to Taoist Tai Chi as "Taoist Tai Chi internal arts of health".
Society aims and objectives.
The International Taoist Tai Chi Society has four stated aims and objectives:
History.
The Taoist Tai Chi Society was founded by Moy Lin-shin (梅連羨 méi lián xiàn). He arrived in Toronto, Canada in 1970 and started teaching Tai Chi and related internal arts.
The primary style Moy taught was a T'ai chi ch'uan (太極拳 tàijí quán) form. He also taught a Lok Hup Ba Fa (六合八法拳 liù hé bā fǎ quán) form. Moy modified the orthodox Yang-style tai chi chuan form that he knew, in order to maximize the health benefits obtainable from the form. Over the years Moy trained many of his students to become instructors/teachers of this art of health. 
On a 42-hectare rural property near Orangeville, Ontario, the Society has built its residential Health Recovery Centre and Quiet Cultivation Centre, where members from around the world can gather and train together. The Quiet Cultivation Centre includes a large temple of Chinese-inspired design dedicated to Confucian, Buddhist and Taoist teachings, which was opened on 2007-09-08 with the participation of some 2500 members. The construction was funded entirely by donations.
Instruction.
Classes are taught by volunteer instructors accredited by the Society. In order to become a volunteer instructor one has to express the desire to do so, and be able to show the elements of the form to new students.
A teacher of Taoist Tai Chi is encouraged to live by what Moy called "Eight Heavenly Virtues":
These principles are rooted in traditional Chinese Confucian ethics. Much of the corporate model is likewise reflected in Confucianism. The society also has influences of the Buddhist philosophy of non attachment generally, but compassion specifically as part of the aims and objectives of the society.
Moy's stated goal for Taoist Tai Chi was to help people regain their health and to provide a method for cultivation of the whole body and mind. Moy encouraged his students to engage with both traditional Eastern perspectives on health and energetic development (for example the three Taoist treasures of "jing", "chi" and "shen") as well as modern Western medical perspectives.
As a Taoist meditative practice of 'dual cultivation of mind and body', Moy also considered that Taoist Tai Chi arts of health would lead practitioners towards "taming the heart" i.e. developing an attitude of calm and compassion when dealing with stress and the activities of daily life. In the Taoist tradition such a training path is referred to as “cultivating both inner nature and life" ("xing ming shuang xiu"). A healthy body is considered to be one where the internal organs are interacting in a balanced and harmonious manner. Negative emotions, cravings and selfish desires can disturb this harmony.
Corporate information.
In order to coordinate the initiatives that Moy Lin-shin undertook, together with the increasing number of people that he trained over time, and their activities, a formal organization was necessary. In the early seventies the organization was called the "Toronto Tai Chi Association". In 1982 it was renamed and incorporated as the "Taoist Tai Chi Society of Canada".
After expansion into the United States, and later into Europe, New Zealand and Australia the "International Taoist Tai Chi Society" was formally incorporated in 1995.
Member associations are incorporated as non-profit organizations in their own countries and many are also registered as charitable organizations. For example, the "Taoist Tai Chi Society of Canada" is registered as a charitable organization in Canada.
and the "Taoist Tai Chi Society of the USA" is a 501(c)(3) non-profit, charitable organization in the United States.
Since the death of Moy Lin-shin in 1998 the Taoist Tai Chi Society of Canada and the Fung Loy Kok Institute of Taoism (道教蓬萊閣 or Fung Loy Pavilion Taoism) continue to operate as separate charitable organizations within Canada, under the umbrella of the International Taoist Tai Chi Society. As of 2012 the corporate structure has changed with the Fung Loy Kok Institute of Taoism as the central organisation internationally. The international centre at Orangeville is also the property of the Fung Loy Kok Institute of Taoism (道教蓬萊閣) and Taoist Tai Chi and other practices as demonstrated by Moy Lin-Shin come under the Fung Loy Kok umbrella.
Fung Loy Kok Taoist Tai Chi (蓬萊閣道家太極拳) is becoming more frequently used as a term within the society to be able to familiarise members with the merger.

</doc>
<doc id="9807282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807282" title="Abiodun Agunbiade">
Abiodun Agunbiade

Abiodun Agunbiade (born January 2, 1983) is a Nigerian former football player. He was a pacey midfielder that usually played on the right wing.
Between summer of 2006 and February 2007, Abiodun and team-mate Wayne Srhoj didn't play a single official game, as they claimed their contract with FC Naţional had run out at the end of the 2005/2006 season. After seven months of controversial court hearings and delays, the final decision favoured the players who then signed with the Timişoara based team.

</doc>
<doc id="9807291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807291" title="Yasam">
Yasam

The Yasam () is the Israel Police Special Patrol Unit ( "Yehidat Siyur Meyuhedet"), a riot police unit dedicated to continuous security, riot and crowd control and other special operations.
The Yasam were heavily involved in the Israeli disengagement of August 2005 and Amona evacuation, and have been under widespread criticism for these and other operations.
Officers are often recruited from IDF and Border Police special forces, having all served in combat units of one kind or another. Yasam officers wear grey trousers and jackets with a black cap embossed with their unit's insignia.
In Jerusalem Yasam officers are often seen patrolling Jaffa Street (the city's main thoroughfare) on motorbikes which acts as a deterrent against terrorist attacks. They are, however, more often than not involved in breaking up late-night fights outside bars. They have also guarded the Women of the Wall from violent Charedi protestors at the Kotel, and performed counter-riot duties against Palestinians in East Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="9807293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807293" title="These Three Remain">
These Three Remain

These Three Remain is a 2005 historical Romance novel by Pamela Aidan. It is the third and final novel in the "Fitzwilliam Darcy, Gentleman" trilogy, a series of novels examining Jane Austen's "Pride and Prejudice" from the perspective of Fitzwilliam Darcy, the central male character of that novel.
Plot.
Following his experiences at Norwycke Castle, Fitzwilliam Darcy accompanies his cousin, Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam, to Rosings Park, the home of Lady Catherine de Bourgh, their aunt. The prospect of spending time with his pompous, self-impressed aunt (and her unsubtle desire for him to marry her daughter, Anne de Bourgh, a shy and sickly girl who, unknown to her mother, secretly writes poetry) is not the only thing troubling Darcy's mind; driven to distraction with his unwilling desire for Elizabeth Bennet, Darcy has finally decided to forget her once and for all. He discards the one keepsake he has to remind him of Elizabeth: a few embroidery threads tied together to make a bookmark. Unfortunately for Darcy, Elizabeth is also in the area visiting her cousin, the pompous clergyman Mr Collins and his new wife (and her close friend) Charlotte, who are frequent visitors to Lady Catherine. Darcy is therefore thrown daily into Elizabeth's company, and finds himself unable to further resist her charms.
Driven to distraction by his feelings for Elizabeth - and his jealousy over the developing friendship between Elizabeth and Colonel Fitzwilliam - Darcy finally accepts the strength of his love for her and, after weighing the consideration of her lowly social standing and its possible effect on his future status, determines to propose marriage to her. Much to Darcy's shock and anger, however, his proposal is rejected; not only is Elizabeth greatly insulted by Darcy's pompous, high-handed manner of proposal, but she has also heard from Colonel Fitzwilliam of Darcy's role in persuading his friend Charles Bingley to break his ties with Jane Bennet, Elizabeth's sister, who is in love with Bingley. Furthermore, she has been poisoned towards him by slanderous lies spread by Darcy's nemesis, George Wickham, and is convinced that Darcy is "the last man in the world whom could ever be prevailed upon to marry".
Heartbroken by Elizabeth's refusal and stunned by the depth of her dislike towards him, Darcy resolves to put the matter behind him and leaves Rosings, but not before writing Elizabeth a letter explaining the true history between himself, Wickham, and his sister Georgiana, and attempting to justify his actions regarding Bingley and Jane Bennet. Darcy has been shattered by her rejection of him, however, and upon his return to London begins acting in an increasingly uncharacteristic and erratic fashion towards his friends and Georgiana, culminating in his acceptance of an invitation to a party held by Lady Sylvanie Monmouth, who attempted to seduce him at Norwycke Castle. She holds Darcy responsible for the death of her mother during those events. He is rescued from calamity by his good friend Lord Dyfed Brougham, a seemingly foppish aristocrat who in actually is a government agent. He is investigating Sylvanie, who has links to Irish revolutionaries and intends to drug Darcy and then blackmail him into funding their operations. No longer trusting his own judgement, Darcy proceeds to get drunk in a nearby tavern before confessing the entire matter and his relationship with Elizabeth to Brougham, who sympathizes with him whilst still criticising his arrogant manner towards her.
The next morning, a hungover moment of clarity leads to Darcy realizing the truth of Brougham's criticisms, and he is mortified to realize his own arrogant conduct towards both Elizabeth and Bingley's relationship with Jane Bennet. He realizes that his previous ideas of what makes a good gentleman have been misguided and have merely led him into a cold, disdainful state of mind and being towards others; despite being resigned to having lost her, Darcy nonetheless resolves to change his ways and to make himself into the type of gentleman that Elizabeth would have regard for. Confessing the matter to Georgiana, he resolves to follow her example and improve his faults.
His belief that he has lost Elizabeth forever is soon upturned, however. Riding ahead of the rest of his party (including Bingley and his sister) on a return to his estate of Pemberley, he is astonished to find himself once more in the company of Elizabeth, who is on a tour of Derbyshire with her aunt and uncle, the Gardiners. They have visited the property under the belief that he was away from the grounds. His behaviour towards her is much warmer than their last meeting, but still guarded; eager to show that he has taken her criticisms of his character on board and is mending his ways, Darcy makes a sincere effort to make her and her relatives feel comfortable and welcome. He soon finds that he genuinely likes Mr and Mrs Gardiner, and is delighted when, upon introducing Georgiana to Elizabeth, the two women take an instant liking to each other.
Just as Darcy believes their relationship is thawing, however, Elizabeth receives news from home that her younger sister, Lydia, has eloped with none other than George Wickham, who is fleeing gambling debts accumulated with the other officers in his militia unit. Grieved at Elizabeth's pain at this potentially ruinous turn of events, and determined to help in any possible way, Darcy returns to London and, unknown to either the Bennets or the Gardiners, uses Dyfed Brougham's contacts in the London demimonde to quickly find Wickham and Lydia. After failing to persuade Lydia to leave Wickham, Darcy proceeds to blackmail and bribe Wickham into marrying her, assuring Wickham's future good conduct by buying his many debts. This carries the implicit threat that Darcy will send Wickham to debtors' prison if he misbehaves. Darcy also purchases for him a commission in an obscure army regiment whose home barracks are in Newcastle upon Tyne, over two hundred miles from Lydia's family. Wickham is forced to agree, and after Darcy has approached the Gardiners with this plan (on the condition that his own role in the affair be kept secret), Wickham and Lydia are married.
Soon after, Bingley decides to return to his estate at Netherfield, to which he invites Darcy; upon seeing Jane Bennet and Bingley reunited, Darcy guiltily confesses his role in keeping the two separate. Bingley is angry, but quickly forgives Darcy; after straightening out the misunderstanding, Bingley and Jane are soon engaged. After hearing a false report that Elizabeth Bennet and Darcy are also to be married, an outraged Lady Catherine arrives at Darcy's London home having attempted to bully Elizabeth into promising to never enter into an engagement with Darcy, which Elizabeth refused. Darcy is elated when he realizes that Elizabeth's feelings towards him might have changed, and he returns to Netherfield. Once again, Darcy proposes to Elizabeth; this time she happily accepts, and the two are married. Elizabeth's first wedding gift to him consists of a few brightly coloured embroidery threads tied together, replacing the makeshift bookmark he had taken as a keepsake.
Relationship to "Pride and Prejudice".
"These Three Remain" quite closely follows the plot of the last chapters of Austen's novel, primarily because Elizabeth Bennet is once again in the picture. Unique to this book are its vivid glimpses of Regency London's high society, underworld, and political scene. Some compelling characters are new creations (Lady Monmouth and Lord Brougham, for example), while others (like Colonel Fitzwilliam and Anne de Bourgh) are given much more color and depth.
References to historical people, places and events.
The author chose to set the novels in the trilogy in a definite historical time, namely late 1811 to late 1812. Letters between characters are dated appropriately. Contemporary events are referenced, and in some cases have a significant effect on the plot.
At Lady Sylvanie's house Darcy is questioned by a man whom Lady Sylvanie addresses as "Bellingham", and who is a fervent supporter of the cause of Irish independence from Britain. Later in the novel Dy Brougham is unable to directly help Darcy locate Wickham as he is involved in the investigation of the assassination of Spencer Perceval, the then Prime Minister. The actual event involved a man named John Bellingham. However the real-life Bellingham was carrying out a grudge that had nothing to do with Ireland.
There are also references to the War of 1812 where the United States of America attacked Canada, provoking a British response that included an attack on the US capital. One character mentions that Darcy is trading with the US even though the two countries are at war. Dy Brougham re-appears late in the novel having been on a secret mission to America.

</doc>
<doc id="9807305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807305" title="Kamikaze (cocktail)">
Kamikaze (cocktail)

The Kamikaze is made of equal parts vodka, triple sec and lime juice. According to the International Bartenders Association, it is served straight up in a cocktail glass. Garnish is typically a wedge or twist of lime.
Naming.
"Kamikaze" () is a Japanese word literally meaning "divine wind".
Variations.
Dozens of variations exist in online databases today.

</doc>
<doc id="9807315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807315" title="Bunker Roy">
Bunker Roy

Sanjit 'Bunker' Roy is an Indian social activist and educator who founded the Barefoot College. He was selected as one of Time 100's 100 most influential personalities in 2010 for his work in educating illiterate and semi literate rural Indians.
Early life.
He attended The Doon School from 1956 to 1962, and St. Stephen's College, Delhi from 1962 to 1967.
Roy was the National Runner Up in squash in 1964, and participated in three world squash championships representing India.
In 1970, he married Aruna Roy.
Barefoot College.
Bunker is a founder of what is now called Barefoot College. After conducting a survey of water supplies in 100 drought prone areas, Roy established the Social Work and Research Centre in 1972. Its mission soon changed from a focus on water and irrigation to empowerment and sustainability. The programs focused on siting water pumps near villages and training the local population to maintain them without dependence on outside mechanics, providing training as paramedics for local medical treatment, and on solar power to decrease dependence and time spent on kerosene lighting.
He was recognized in 2010 in Time for the programs of the college which have trained more than 3 million people in skills including solar engineers, teachers, midwives, weavers, architects and doctors.
Other work.
Roy was appointed by Rajiv Gandhi to the government's Planning Commission he recommended that legislation be created that would apply a "code of conduct" for non-governmental organizations. He also proposed that a national council be created that would recommend "legitimate" organizations to the government and monitor their activities. Both of these recommendations were "fiercely" opposed as mechanisms that could be used to promote patronage of favored groups and quell organizations that were not supportive of a particular government or party.
In 1983, he was the plaintiff in "Roy v State of Rajasthan" in which the Supreme Court which struck down an emergency policy which had allowed women famine relief workers to be paid less than male workers.
Roy has spoken at the TED conference, in which he talks about how the Barefoot College "helps rural communities becomes self-sufficient." 
Awards.
Roy has received: 

</doc>
<doc id="9807323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807323" title="Paperu">
Paperu

Paperu, Indonesia, is a village on the island of Saparua, which is a part of the Ambon island group in the Maluku Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="9807326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807326" title="Ridge Canipe">
Ridge Canipe

Ridge Canipe (born July 13, 1994) is an American actor. Ridge is best known for his roles in "Walk the Line" (in which he played Johnny Cash as a boy), the thriller "Baby Blues" in 2008 and the 2005 version of "Bad News Bears". He also co-starred in the 231st presentation of the Hallmark Hall of Fame production "Pictures of Hollis Woods" which aired on CBS in December 2007. He helped "Walk the Line" castmate and friend Hailey Anne Nelson, write and issue a vegan cookbook for children by PETA.
He has also appeared in a couple of episodes of "Desperate Housewives", as Danny Farrell, the paper boy of Wisteria Lane. Other appearances in television shows include guest roles in "Angel", "Cold Case", "" and "Drake & Josh". He has also appeared as young Dean Winchester in the CW TV series "Supernatural".

</doc>
<doc id="9807330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807330" title="Patrick Regnault">
Patrick Regnault

Patrick Regnault (born March 31, 1974 in Villers-sur-Meuse) is a retired French football goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="9807357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807357" title="John McEwen (athlete)">
John McEwen (athlete)

John McEwen (born 5 March 1974 in California) is a retired American hammer thrower, who initially won a bronze medal at the 2003 Pan American Games. He later was disqualified due to a doping offence.
He finished sixth at the 2002 IAAF World Cup. At the 2003 American championships he tested positive for the banned substance tetrahydrogestrinone, and was disqualified from his second place.
His personal best throw was 74.73 metres, achieved in April 2003 at the Mt SAC Relays in Walnut.
McEwen was successful playing Football for North Medford High School in Oregon. He went on to play for the College of the Redwoods in Eureka, California and then to Morningside College in Iowa. John and his wife Denise currently live in Ohio with their two small children. John is a firefighter.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9807360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807360" title="P visa">
P visa

A P visa is a type of temporary employment visa of the United States, granted to alien athletes, artists, and entertainers, and their spouses and children. The term "P" refers to (a)(15)(P), Section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act.
P visa classifications are as follows:
A sports team can file petition for its foreign athlete and for a P-1 visa to be granted to the team it must have achieved "international recognition" in the sport. An athlete who will come to the United States to compete in individual events rather than as a team must show that he or she is internationally recognized. United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) has defined "international recognition" as ""having a high level of achievement in a field evidenced by a degree of skill and recognition substantially above that ordinarily encountered, to the extent that such achievement is renowned, leading, or well-known in more than one country."" The event the athlete is coming to the United States to participate in must have a distinguished reputation and must require the participation of athletes and teams of international recognition. The definition is similar to that of O-1B "extraordinary ability," but somewhat more stringent. The reputation of the group, not the individual achievements of its members nor the acclaim of a particular production, is paramount.
Entertainers must be part of an entertainment group to obtain a P-1 visa. Individual artists cannot usually obtain a P-1 visa, except when joining the rest of their foreign entertainment group already in the United States. Like athletes, entertainers must be "internationally recognized" as outstanding in their area to be granted P visas, and have a sustained period of achievement no less than one year. Additionally, a minimum for 75 percent of the group's individual members must have a substantial relationship to the group, generally satisfied by at least one year of membership. 
To establish "international recognition," a petitioner may rely either on documentation of a major, one-time achievement by the group, such as the nomination for, or receipt of, a significant international award or prize, or at least three of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9807363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807363" title="Léo Apotheker">
Léo Apotheker

Léo Apotheker (born September 18, 1953, in Aachen) is a German business executive. He served briefly as the chief executive officer of Hewlett-Packard from November 2010 until his firing in September 2011. He also served as co-chief executive officer of SAP from April 2008 until he resigned in February 2010 following a decision by that company to not renew his contract.
During his tenure as chief executive at HP, the company lost more than $30 billion in market capitalization after a series of strategic missteps by the company, leading to his resignation. At SAP, which he joined in 1988 and where he spent more than twenty years, he played an instrumental role in developing and implementing a number of significant changes.
Apotheker currently sits on the board of Schneider Electric SA, Steria, and PlaNet Finance - a non-profit organization. He previously served on the Board of Directors of GT Nexus. Apotheker is fluent in five languages—German, Dutch, French, English and Hebrew.
Early life and education.
Apotheker's parents were Polish Jews who fled to the Russo-Chinese border after the Nazis invaded Poland at the outbreak of World War II. After the war, they settled in Aachen, Germany, where Léo Apotheker was born on September 18, 1953. He later moved to Antwerp, Belgium.
By his own account, he organized a student strike in high school, and had two of his teeth knocked out by a policeman on horseback in the melee that followed. At the age of 18 he moved to Israel where he studied economics at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.
Career.
Early career and SAP: 1988–2010.
Prior to joining SAP in 1988, Apotheker held several financial and operations positions at European companies.
After joining SAP, he held positions of increasing responsibility; and in 1995 was promoted to CEO and founder of SAP France and SAP Belgium. Later in 1997, he became the president of SAP's South West Europe region; and by 1999, president of SAP EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) sales region.
He joined the SAP AG executive board in 2002, and served as the president of global customer solutions and operations from 2002 to 2007. He was appointed deputy CEO in 2007; and promoted to co-CEO of the company in April 2008 to ensure a smooth handover from his predecessor, Henning Kagermann, when the latter's contract with the company expired. The succession plan was communicated in the business media early in 2008, including "Forbes" magazine. The transition received praise as an example of SAP's corporate culture, "a seemingly contradictory mix of internal consensus and competition".
Apotheker's appointment to lead SAP was the second occasion, after 1997 Ron Sommer's appointment as CEO of Deutsche Telekom, that a large German company was run by a Jewish executive whose parents escaped the Holocaust. “If SAP had a pre-war history, I would never have joined the company,” he told "The Economist".
Apotheker took an early opportunity to set out his vision for the IT industry, and explained enterprise software in layman's terms (likening it to the human nervous system), in an interview with prominent American journalist Charlie Rose. He also articulated SAP's commitment to sustainability.
On February 7, 2010, the SAP supervisory board reached an agreement with Apotheker not to extend his contract as a member of the SAP executive board. With this decision, he stepped down as CEO and resigned from SAP.
Hewlett-Packard: 2010–2011.
On September 30, 2010, the Board of Directors of Hewlett-Packard announced the election of Apotheker as the company's Chief Executive Officer and President, effective November 1. He succeeded Cathie Lesjak, who served as the company's interim CEO since August 6, following the abrupt departure of former CEO Mark Hurd. Hurd had been forced to resign after an internal investigation into a sexual harassment claim (that found him not guilty) uncovered expense-account irregularities.
During Apotheker's tenure at HP the stock dropped about 40%. It dropped nearly 25% on 19 August 2011, after HP announced a number of seemingly abrupt strategic decisions: to discontinue its webOS device business (mobile phones and tablet computers), to begin planning to divest its personal computer division, and to acquire British software firm Autonomy for a significant premium. Over the months following Apotheker's departure, HP eventually spun-off the remaining webOS assets into a new subsidiary, Gram; backtracked on any plans to spin-off its personal computer division; and wrote-down almost $9 billion related to the Autonomy acquisition, which it indicated was due to a lack of due diligence during the acquisition process under Apotheker.
On September 22, 2011, the HP Board of Directors replaced Apotheker as chief executive, effective immediately, with fellow board member and former eBay chief Meg Whitman. Though Apotheker served barely ten months, he received over $13 million in compensation: a severance payment of $7.2 million, shares worth $3.56 million, and a performance bonus of $2.4 million, although the company lost more than $30 billion in market capitalization during his tenure.
After HP: 2011 to present.
After HP, Apotheker returned to Paris. He, along with some private equity firms in Silicon Valley, are considering to invest in mature and distressed companies. In March 2012, he appeared on a conference call, hosted by Nomura Securities analyst Rick Sherlund.
On June 1, 2012, he was appointed as an independent director to board of the Paris based information technology services provider, Steria.
He currently sits on the supervisory boards of Schneider Electric SA, Steria, and GT Nexus. He is also a board member of PlaNet Finance - a non-profit organization.
In December 2012 he was appointed Chairman of the board at KMD, a Danish information technology service provider.
Personal life.
Léo Apotheker is married to a Hebrew-speaking Belgian.

</doc>
<doc id="9807374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807374" title="Orgasm (cocktail)">
Orgasm (cocktail)

The Orgasm is a cocktail that can be served either on the rocks or layered and drunk as a shooter.
There are many versions of this popular mixed drink. "Bartending 101" gives one version as equal parts Amaretto, Kahlúa and Baileys Irish Cream. One version is "made on your B.A.C.K.", meaning it is made with Baileys, Amaretto, half and half (cream) and Kahlúa, with each ingredient having one part. Another variation contains 1/3 oz. each of Vodka, Amaretto, Triple Sec and White Creme de Cacao, and 1 oz. of light cream. This variation of the recipe is sometimes known as a "Screaming Orgasm".
Since 2011, the cocktail is no longer part of the "official IBA cocktails" of the International Bartenders Association (IBA).
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="9807383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807383" title="Peter Omoduemuke">
Peter Omoduemuke

Peter Oghenebrorhien Omodumeuke (born October 23, 1983 in Lagos) is a Nigerian football who plays as a midfielder for Than Quảng Ninh FC in V.League 1.
After playing many years in Italy with clubs such as U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912, U.S. Massese 1919 and Vigevano Calcio, he arrived to Serbia in 2004 and after an unsuccessful spell with FK Partizan he signed with FK Obilić with whom he will play in the last edition of the First League of Serbia and Montenegro. That season the club ended being relegated, and after playing the first half of the 2006-07 second league season, he moved to FCU Politehnica Timişoara in the winter break. Since then he has been playing in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="9807391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807391" title="Trafford College">
Trafford College

History.
Trafford College is a further education college in Trafford, Greater Manchester, England. It was formed with the merger of North Trafford College and South Trafford College in 2007. Since then over £50M has been invested in the College's facilities. At its most recent Ofsted College inspection in 2009 Trafford College was graded as "outstanding" in five areas. Sir Bill Moorcroft was appointed principal of the newly merged Trafford College in September 2007. He was awarded a knighthood in the Queen’s Birthday Honours in July 2008, recognised for his services to local and national further education.
Campuses and facilities.
Trafford College has three campuses: Altrincham, Centre for Science & Technology (Talbot Road) and the Manchester Music Base.
Altringham campus with its £25M new build offers A Levels and a range of vocational courses in Business & Accountancy, Childcare, Creative Arts & Media, Foundation Learning, Hairdressing, Beauty & Spa Therapies, Health & Social care, Hospitality, IT & Computing, Sport & Uniformed Services, and Tourism and Aviation. Facilities include the Strive Fitness Suite, Enhance Salon & Spa and Aspire Restaurant.
The Centre for Science & Technology at Talbot Road opposite Lancashire County Cricket Club has recently had £15M invested in its facilities. It offers a range of vocational courses in Electrical Installation, Electronics, Engineering, Engineering Services for Buildings, Foundation Learning, Gas, Motor Vehicle, Plumbing, Science and A Levels in Applied Science, Biology, Chemistry, English Language, Maths, Physics and Psychology.
Manchester Music Base is located in Manchester's Northern Quarter and specialises in performing and producing popular music. The £1.5M facility has professional recording studios, rehearsal spaces and editing suites.
A Levels.
Trafford College offers A Levels in: Applied Science, Art & Design (Fine Art), Biology, Business Studies, Chemistry, Communications & Culture, English Language, English Literature, Film Studies, French, Geography, Government & Politics, History, Law, Mathematics, Media Studies, Physics, Psychology, Sociology and Spanish.
Vocational qualifications.
Trafford College offers a wide range of vocational qualifications in: Business & Accountancy, Childcare, Creative Arts & Media, Engineering & Electrical Electronics, Engineering Services for Buildings, Foundation Learning, Gas, Plumbing & Electrical, Hairdressing, Beauty & Spa Therapies, Health & Social Care, Hospitality, IT & Computing, Motor Vehicle, Music, Science, Sport & Uniformed Services, Tourism & Aviation.
Apprenticeships.
In addition to A Levels and vocational provision, Trafford College also offers a range of apprenticeships where learners combine work and study whilst being paid a wage. Apprenticeships available include: Accountancy, Barbering, Beauty Therapy, Business Administration, Childcare, Customer Services, Electrical Installation, Engineering, Gas, Hairdressing, Hospitality Supervision, Instructing Exercise & Fitness, IT, Laboratory Technician, Management, Motor Vehicles, Nail Services, Pharmacy, Plumbing, Process Technology, Professional Cookery, Supply Chain, Supporting Teaching & Learning.
National Skills Academies at Trafford College.
Trafford College has 5 National Skills Academies for excellence in training in: Retail, Hospitality, Environmental Technologies, Sport & Active Leisure and Financial Services.
Career Academies UK.
Trafford College offers Career Academies in the following areas: Business & Enterprise, STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Maths), Finance & Law and ICTY & Digital. Career Academies programmes last for two years and work with major companies to develop students employability skills, contacts and experience for a career in their chosen field. The programme includes a 6-week paid internship, a business mentor from industry, networking opportunities with local businesses and other Career Academy students, masterclasses, key speakers and Academy trips, including an annual trip to London. The programme is available to BTEC and A Level students in certain subjects. Over 85% of students on the Career Academy programme nationally progress to university.
Beacon status.
Trafford College holds Beacon status, placing it in the top 10% of colleges nationally. Beacon Status is awarded by the LSIS, Learning and Skills Improvement Service, on the basis of their student results.
Business training.
Trafford College offers a range of training for businesses.
Adult learning.
Trafford College offer a range of professional qualifications, short leisure courses, Community Learning courses that are delivered in venues across Trafford, and Looking for Work programmes to support people in moving back into employment.
HE provision.
Working in conjunction with partner universities and employers, Trafford College offers Access to Higher Education courses, a range of full-time and part-time courses from Foundation Degrees to HNC/Ds and a number of Professional Courses.
Notable alumni.
References

</doc>
<doc id="9807393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807393" title="Anna Järphammar">
Anna Järphammar

Anna Ulrika Järphammar (born January 13, 1968) is a Swedish model, actress and TV host. She was initially made famous when she modeled for the furniture and home products giant IKEA in the mid-1990s (with exposed buttocks).
After presenting game shows and other entertainment shows on TV3 she starred as a leading character, "Mikaela Malm", in the soap opera "Vita lögner". In 2005 she became anchor for TV3 and its short news program ""Update"" (through 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9807396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807396" title="David Ducourtioux">
David Ducourtioux

David Ducourtioux (born 11 April 1978 in Limoges) is a French football defender who is currently playing for Ligue 2 side Gazélec Ajaccio.

</doc>
<doc id="9807401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807401" title="Street-level characters of The Wire">
Street-level characters of The Wire

Street-level characters comprise a large part of the cast on the fictional HBO drama series "The Wire". Characters in this section range from homeless drug addicts up to drug king-pins in charge of entire criminal empires.
West Side.
Avon Barksdale.
Avon Barksdale was the head of the Barksdale organization in season one. He comes from the projects, lives in the projects and plans to stay in the projects. For most of season 1 he is the target of a homicide detective 'Jimmy McNulty' who seems to be the only authoritative figure aware of his presence or his empire that spans the most sought after territory in Baltimore for drug dealers. Avon is uniformly feared by all other drug dealing criminal organisations in Baltimore due to his ferocity but due to his 'West Side' mentality is no threat to 'East Side' gangs. Together with his closest friend Stringer, Avon and their enforcers hold a monopoly on the drug trade in West Baltimore through intimidation and murder.
Russell "Stringer" Bell.
Stringer was Avon Barksdale's second-in-command, closest friend, advisor and the main strategist behind coordinating their street dealing organization which he does as the main contact for all business, while he attends a business college in relation to his aspiration as a clean businessman. Together, they operate out of a strip club which is a front for money laundering owned and licensed under a clean member of their gang. Stringer is portrayed as more humble and quiet than Avon but is every bit as ruthless as his friend. He has aspirations to eventually leave the streets and drug life as a whole behind him despite his close and long relationship with Avon. In the third season Bell is killed by Omar and Brother Mouzone in his own commercial building that was in development at the time.
D'Angelo Barksdale.
D'Angelo Barksdale was Avon's nephew and a lieutenant in his drug dealing organization. He was mainly responsible for leading the corner boys in their street dealings and coordinating their earnings and performance. He was the main connection between the upper levels of the crew and the street kids that were selling the product. He struggles with the morality behind his trade and came close to informing on the crew because of it, only relenting because of loyalty to family ties his mother reminded him of before signing. He took the sentence and went to prison where he was killed by a hitman sent by Stringer Bell in season 2.
Bodie.
Bodie was a dealer who came of age working for Avon Barksdale. After the Barksdale organization dissolves, he is briefly independent (supplied by the New Day Co-Op) until Marlo forces him to join his crew. He is shot by O Dog after being seen having a conversation with McNulty, because Marlo suspects he may be a snitch.
Poot Carr.
Poot is a loyal drug dealer for the Barksdale organization, who serves brief prison time for his crimes. By the end of the series he is working at a shoe store attempting to distance himself from the game after growing tired of it and reeling from the loss of many friends.
Marlo Stanfield.
Stanfield is a rising gang leader who gets into a turf war with the Barksdale Organization, becoming the key West Baltimore drug kingpin following Stringer Bell's death and Avon Barksdale's arrest. Stanfield is played by Jamie Hector.
Chris Partlow.
Partlow is Marlo Stanfield's second-in-command and best friend in his drug dealing operation. He is played by Gbenga Akinnagbe.
Monk Metcalf.
Monk is a lieutenant in the Stanfield organization, and the third most recognized leader of the Stanfield Organization.
Felicia "Snoop" Pearson.
Snoop is a chief enforcer in the Stanfield Organization, she is a mid-way gangster and she is always seen with Chris Partlow.
Fruit.
Fruit is a prominent crew chief of one of Marlo Stanfield's drug dealing crews, and works closely with Jamal and Justin. Fruit is identifiable by his ever-present Kangol hat, and is the chief for one of West Baltimore's most prominent street corners. He is first seen negotiating with Dennis "Cutty" Wise over how to distribute a package of dope; he seems to be fair, but he later rips Cutty off, saying the package was taken by the police. Cutty protests, but Fruit pulls a gun on him and forces Cutty to withdraw. Later in the season, his crew's territory is encroached upon by Bodie Broadus and his crew, which sparks the turf war with the Barksdale organization. Fruit is pressured by Marlo to force the Barksdale Organization away, and Fruit responds by gathering his muscle and beating most of the crew into submission with baseball bats. Cutty, now working for the Barksdale organization, takes part in the subsequent retaliation strike against Fruit's corner. Slim Charles kills one of Fruit's dealers, but Fruit escapes death because Cutty is unable to bring himself to kill again.
In "Boys of Summer", the season four premiere, Fruit is seen leaving an afterhours nightspot with a woman, Patrice. As he is walking through the parking lot, he is killed by a single gun shot to the head by Lex, the father of Patrice's child. Lex shows little regret for his actions, only replying with "Sup Patrice?" Fruit's death causes Marlo to order an immediate retaliation hit on his killer, Lex.
East Side.
"Proposition Joe" Stewart.
Joseph "Proposition Joe" Stewart is an Eastside drug kingpin who supplies much of Baltimore through his direct connection to The Greek's smuggling organization. He is murdered and replaced as leader of New Day Co-op by Marlo Stanfield.
Calvin "Cheese" Wagstaff.
Cheese is the favorite nephew of Proposition Joe and a crew chief in his Eastside drug crew. He is murdered by Slim Charles. Originally, his first name was listed as "Melvin" on the official HBO site, but it was later changed to "Calvin". The character is played by rapper Method Man.
Frog.
Frog is a white street-level dealer whose allegiances are never made clear, though from the photo on the crime board in Season 2 he is shown with Petey Dixon. He is seen early in season two distributing a package for Ziggy Sobotka (and stealing from him in the process), and later negotiates with Nick Sobotka to distribute another. During the early stages of season two's investigation, he sells heroin to Thomas "Herc" Hauk and is photographed by Kima Greggs and Ellis Carver. He can also be seen for a split second in the series finale during the closing montage.
Ziggy Sobotka.
Ziggy is Frank's son, an impulsive and often reckless young checker, loosely based on Pinkie Bannion, a real life docker in the Baltimore area, at the docks with a desire to prove himself and a respected father to live up to.
"White" Mike McArdle.
White Mike is a mid-level South Baltimore drug dealer from Curtis Bay with his own territory. He supplied Ziggy Sobotka with packages of narcotics to distribute but their relationship soured when Ziggy failed to make adequate profit from the package. He is one of several characters in The Wire who are fond of strawberry soda. McArdle was supplied by The Greek's smuggling operation and was arrested as part of an investigation into that operation. He was quick to turn against his suppliers and gave up all the information he had.
McNulty's last name was originally McArdle, according to a draft of the pilot script. Brook Yeaton is also an on set dresser for the show.
Fat Face Rick.
Ricardo "Fat Face Rick" Hendrix is a drug kingpin from Baltimore's Veronica Avenue, on the East Side. He is typically seen smoking (sometimes a cigar, sometimes a cigarette), and is among the first to join the New Day Co-Op. He is a dissenting voice in the Co-Op for Stringer Bell when Avon Barksdale is warring with Marlo Stanfield. Rick and Phil Boy assist Proposition Joe when he gives Bell the ultimatum, to either end the war with Stanfield or lose access to the high-quality heroin. Later, he is the first to bring up the idea that West Sider Marlo Stanfield should work with the Co-Op against the encroachment from New York dealers. In season four, episode 11 ("A New Day"), Omar and Renaldo are spying on the New-Day Co-Op and briefly discuss a time when they robbed Fat Face Rick, who "fell down on his knees, wept like a little baby." At the end of the fourth season, Rick leads the quorum confronting Joe, after Omar has stolen the shipment.
In the fifth season Rick's full name is revealed as Ricardo Hendrix when "The Baltimore Sun" runs a story exposing a corrupt property deal. Rick owns a strip club named Desperado and the council wants to relocate him to redevelop the land. However, they are offering to pay Hendrix more than his club is worth and to sell him better council owned property elsewhere so that he will net a million dollars for moving. The paper exposes a history of campaign donations from Rick and people using the address of his club including several to city council president Nerese Campbell who is sponsoring the property deal.
Hendrix continues his involvement with the Co-Op and brags in a meeting about his property deal with his friend Hungry Man - drawing the ire of Stanfield.
After Stanfield's arrest and sale of the connection to the Greeks, Hendrix, along with Slim Charles, is seen, in the series finale, meeting with Spiros Vondas and discussing the new business arrangement for importing the drugs into Baltimore
Hungry Man.
Nathaniel "Hungry Man" Manns is an older East Side drug kingpin and charter member of the New Day Co-Op. He is at the meeting to discuss encouraging Marlo Stanfield to join the Co-Op to combat the incursion of New York drug dealers into eastern Baltimore. Hungry Man believes that Stanfield is hiding bodies by putting several into individual coffins through a funeral home front until he is corrected by Slim Charles. He is part of the quorum that confronts "Proposition Joe" Stewart following Omar Little's robbery of the Co-Op.
In the fifth season, Baltimore County territory is divided among Eastside kingpins to compensate for territory lost in the gentrification of east Baltimore. Hungry Man is one of the people to benefit from the arrangement. He tells Marlo Stanfield that he is out of line for encouraging Prop Joe to delegate control of the territory to his subordinates. Later Hungry Man airs a grievance with Prop Joe's nephew Cheese because Cheese has been encroaching upon the territory assigned to Hungry Man. Cheese is furious, but Prop Joe promises that Cheese will respect the agreed boundaries. Stanfield observes Cheese storming out of the meeting, and later has his enforcers Chris Partlow and Snoop kidnap Hungry Man and deliver him to Cheese as a gift to encourage Cheese to betray Prop Joe. When Hungry Man's body surfaces, the implication is that Cheese has killed him.
Ghost.
Ghost is an East side drug kingpin and Co-Op member. He is part of the quorum that confronts "Proposition Joe" Stewart following Omar Little's robbery of the Co-Op. In the fifth season Ghost receives Baltimore County territory to compensate for territory lost in the gentrification of East Baltimore. Ghost continues to attend Co-Op meetings throughout the fifth season.
George "Double G" Glekas.
George Alexander Glekas (Greek: Γιώργος Αλέξανδρος Γλεκας; February 18, 1960 - 2003) runs a warehouse and appliance store for The Greek under the name Pyramid Industries and acts as the organization's fence. Glekas often gets advice from Spiros "Vondas" Vondopoulos on important deals. The retail store he owns was used as a front to move their stolen goods from the docks.
Prior to appearing in the series Glekas had been charged with fencing stolen goods in San Diego, but the case was dropped for lack of evidence. Glekas was indicted in the smuggling investigation but was not arrested because he was shot and killed by Ziggy Sobotka in a dispute over payment for a stolen car smuggling deal. Ziggy confesses to the murder and was shown serving time for the crime.
Others.
Bubbles.
Bubbles is a heroin addict with a vast knowledge of the streets of Baltimore. He becomes an informant after a friend whom he introduced to the drug lifestyle gets badly beaten when using false money upon Bubbles' advice. Bubbles volunteers information and creatively points out key figures to the police in exchange for small amounts of cash and him and his friend escaping prosecution for a drug-related crime. Bubbles also befriends Kima, and despite their different situations, there is a level of mutual respect and empathy.
Brother Mouzone.
Brother Mouzone, meaning "judicious" in Arabic, is a drug enforcer and hitman from New York City. "The Brother" does not fit the usual picture of drug-trade "muscle", always wearing a suit, bowtie, and glasses, speaking politely and precisely. He is also quite erudite, reading magazines such as "Harper's", "The Atlantic", "The New Republic", and "The Nation". His dress, along with an extremely proper and pious persona is a manner typically associated with the Nation of Islam, more particularly its paramilitary wing, the Fruit of Islam, although it is never explicitly stated that he belongs to either organization. On first encountering Mouzone, the street dealer Cheese mocked his formal style of dress by remarking that he must either be in "the Nation", or he still lets his mother pick out his clothes. He reveals himself as a Muslim by mouthing "Allahu akbar" repeatedly after Omar shoots him and he believes he is about to die. However, he is also depicted drinking alcohol, which is forbidden in the Islamic religion. He is always accompanied by his "man" Lamar, who runs errands for Mouzone.
Avon Barksdale hires him to protect the weakened Barksdale operation from Proposition Joe's dealers, who are working the Barksdale towers as part of a secret agreement between Stringer Bell and Proposition Joe. Mouzone confronts and promptly shoots Cheese Wagstaff with rat shot. He then informs Cheese that the next bullet in the chamber is a copper-jacketed hollow point bullet of his own design. Cheese and his dealers flee. To maintain his alliance with Proposition Joe, Stringer dupes Omar Little into believing that Mouzone is responsible for the brutal murder of Omar's boyfriend Brandon. After Omar shoots Mouzone the two speak, leading Omar to realize that he has been tricked: Mouzone is a ruthlessly efficient assassin who favors execution-style murder, thus carving up Brandon and torturing him to death was not in Mouzone's style. Instead, Omar calls an ambulance for Mouzone and departs. While recovering in hospital Mouzone informs Stringer that their agreement is "absolved", and later returns to New York.
In season three, Mouzone returns to Baltimore. He locates Omar's boyfriend Dante after seeking advice from Baltimore local Vinson. Mouzone beats Dante until he reveals Omar's whereabouts. Rather than exact vengeance on Omar for shooting him, he suggests that they find and kill Stringer Bell. Avon, whose relationship with Stringer has become strained after Stringer revealed that he was responsible for D'Angelo Barksdale's death, reluctantly gives Mouzone a time and a place to find Stringer after Mouzone threatens his connection to New York and his supply of drugs. Omar and Mouzone plan an ambush and kill Stringer together. Before returning to New York, Mouzone releases Dante and gives Omar his weapon to dispose of.
The Deacon.
The Deacon is a West Side church figure who is involved in many community projects. He also has many contacts within the city’s academic population. He is a friend of teacher Grace Sampson and helps her ex-boyfriend Dennis "Cutty" Wise when he is released after a long prison sentence. Initially he tries to encourage Cutty to enroll in a GED program, but Cutty is not interested in this idea. The deacon then helps Cutty to open a community boxing gym. He puts Cutty in touch with State Delegate Odell Watkins through the politically influential Reverend Frank Reid to help with obtaining the necessary permits for the gym. He also helps Cutty to get a paying job working as a school custodian at Edward Tilghman Middle, where Grace teaches the eighth grade.
The Deacon is also friends with Howard "Bunny" Colvin. When Colvin was Western District police commander the Deacon often served as his conscience. Colvin started three drug tolerant zones in his district and the deacon was dismayed at the poor conditions addicts faced in these areas and convinced Colvin to involve public health academics in providing services for the addicts now he had gathered them into an easy to reach area. Colvin was forced to retire because of his actions and the deacon found him a new job working with a sociologist in studying the prevention of repeat violent offender behavior.
In his youth Melvin Williams, the actor who plays the Deacon, was a real-life drug kingpin who was arrested by series writer Ed Burns in 1984 when the latter was a Baltimore city police officer. Creator David Simon was responsible for covering the arrest for "The Baltimore Sun" at the time. Williams received a 34-year sentence for his crimes and much of the evidence against him came from a wiretap investigation like the one featured in the first season of the show.
Dee-Dee.
Dee-Dee is a drug addict. In Season Three she shows up in the Hamsterdam area buying an eight-ball of cocaine from a car. A year later she is living in West Baltimore and working as a prostitute. Fifteen months later again she is seen at a narcotics anonymous meeting.
She is played by Genevieve Hudson-Price, the daughter of author Richard Price, who writes for the show.
Hucklebuck.
Hucklebuck is a drug addict and friend to Bubbles and Johnny. He often assists them on their "capers" to make money for drugs. He is a part of Johnny's copper house robbery scam in season 1. Hucklebuck continues to live on the street when Bubbles is in recovery in season 5.
Lamar.
Lamar is the assistant and inept bodyguard of New York mercenary Brother Mouzone. He has accompanied Mouzone on both his visits to Baltimore. On their first trip they worked at the Franklin Terrace high rises for Avon Barksdale – guarding his territory against East Side drug dealers. Lamar failed to protect his charge against Omar Little on this trip. He was distracted by a dog and knocked unconscious by Omar while guarding a motel room door. His failure allowed Omar to enter the room and shoot Brother Mouzone.
Brother Mouzone recovered and returned to Baltimore for revenge. He had Lamar seek out Omar in various gay bars, having learned that he was homosexual. Lamar resented the task and his visceral homophobia made him confrontational with those he came across while searching for Omar. Eventually Lamar was approached by Omar’s boyfriend Dante allowing Mouzone to capture him and find Omar.
DeAndre McCullough, the actor who plays Lamar, was profiled in David Simon and Edward Burns's book and television miniseries "The Corner". McCullough was found dead on August 1, 2012, in the Woodlawn section of Baltimore County.
Raylene Lee.
Raylene Lee is Michael Lee and Aaron "Bug" Manigault's mother. She is a drug addict.
Devar Manigault.
Devar Manigault is Raylene Lee's domestic partner, father to her younger son Aaron "Bug" Manigault. Fans frequently refer to him as the stepfather of Raylene's older son Michael Lee, though he never actually married her. Devar is feared by Michael and it is implied that Michael suffered sexual abuse by Devar. Shortly after Devar is released from prison he is savagely beaten to death by Chris Partlow at Michael's behest. Because Chris leaves DNA at the crime scene, he is ultimately arrested for this murder.
Squeak.
Squeak is the girlfriend of Bernard, a low level member of the Barksdale organization. Bernard was responsible for supplying the organization with disposable mobile phones and was told to buy no more than two phones at any one outlet and provide receipts for his purchases. Squeak's nagging convinced Bernard to start breaking these rules.
Squeak was an old acquaintance of Bubbles and their association allowed the police to use her as an inroad to the Barksdale organization. Bubbles put Squeak and Bernard in touch with Lester Freamon who was a posing as a conman who could provide them with phones at lower price. With Squeak's encouragement, Bernard accepted Freamon's offer and began buying solely from him on the condition that he provide him with receipts. Freamon gave Bernard pre-wiretapped phones that eventually brought down the Barksdale organization. When the investigation was closed with the arrest of Avon Barksdale Bernard and Squeak were also brought in. Bernard joked that he could not wait to go to jail to get away from Squeak.
Sherrod.
Sherrod is a young homeless boy who is befriended by Bubbles. He has been living on the streets since his mother succumbed to drug addiction. He last regularly attended school in the fifth grade at Steuart Hill elementary, though Bubbles tried to get him to go back at some point between the third and fourth seasons. As the fourth season starts, Bubbles is selling small items from a shopping cart to get by, and is trying to train Sherrod to run his own business. Sherrod's math skills are lacking, and Bubbles insists that he return to school. Bubbles visits Edward Tilghman middle school with Sherrod and convinces the Assistant Principal, Marcia Donnelly, to take him in. Sherrod only attends class once, when Bubbles forces him to, cutting class instead to go on the corner and deal drugs for "Jojo". He tries to fake doing homework by bringing books from school back to the squat he shares with Bubbles. When Bubbles finds Sherrod dealing on a school day, he tries to talk to him and is attacked by an addict who needs money. Bubbles then tells Sherrod that he cannot stay with him any more unless he returns to school.
Sherrod continues to deal drugs and is involved in an assault on Namond Brice when they vie for territory. He also becomes a drug addict. Eventually, he returns to Bubbles, saying he wants to get away but he owes Jojo money. Bubbles offers Sherrod the chance to return home and says he will help with the debt. Bubbles, however, had previously prepared a lethal "hot shot" of narcotics he intended to use to kill another addict who had repeatedly harassed and traumatized Bubbles. Sherrod finds the vial Bubbles has prepared and takes it himself, dying soon afterwards.
Walon.
Walon is an HIV-positive recovering drug addict. He first appears in season one when Bubbles and Johnny see him speaking at a Narcotics Anonymous meeting. Bubbles is moved by the strength Walon conveys in his speech. They see Walon again in the projects trying to get his nephew to give up drugs. Bubbles' conversations with Walon help him realise that he wants to get clean. When he makes a serious attempt, Walon gives him advice on keeping clean, which Bubbles is unable to stick with. Years later, when Bubbles is locked in a medical rehab facility, Walon visits him to again help him with his sobriety and grief. In season five he acts as Bubbles' sponsor, pushing him to be more open about his struggles and the death of Sherrod.
Walon is played by singer/songwriter and recovering heroin addict Steve Earle. Earle also performs the theme song for Season 5, and his track "I Feel Alright" is featured in the montage at the end of Season 2.
Johnny Weeks.
In season one Johnny is Bubbles' best friend and a drug addict with notoriously bad luck. He is naive and enthusiastic for "the game", allowing Bubbles to play the role of teacher. In the pilot episode he is badly beaten by Bodie Broadus, Poot Carr and Wallace after trying to pass counterfeit money to D'Angelo Barksdale's operation. This spurs Bubbles to become a police informant but Johnny disapproves and takes no part in it except when arrested by police.
While in the hospital for that beating, Johnny discovers he is HIV positive; he also undergoes a colostomy operation. Unlike Bubbles he shows no interest in giving up his addiction and continues thievery and various other scams with Bubbles, despite carrying a colostomy bag. In the season three finale he dies from an overdose and his body is discovered in a vacant house in the "Hamsterdam" free zone that Major Colvin had set up.
Johnny is based on a young white homeless addict that David Simon met while researching "The Corner". This man would follow Simon's subject, drug addict Gary McCullough, around.
Dennis "Cutty" Wise.
After getting out of prison he joins back up with the Barksdale crew as muscle, but cannot complete a task he was assigned. Instead, he leaves the criminal world and starts up a boxing center in an attempt to reach out to local street youths. He is later wounded trying to talk Michael Lee out of a life of crime. He reappears in Season 5 to briefly train Dukie as well as to give him advice on how to deal with people that give him trouble.

</doc>
<doc id="9807402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807402" title="Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning">
Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning

The Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning (ASAIHL) is a non-governmental organization founded in 1956 to assist higher learning institutions in strengthening themselves through a mutual self-help and to achieve international distinction in teaching, research and public service.
The Association exists to foster the development of the institutions themselves, the cultivation of a sense of regional identity and interdependence and liaison with other regional and international organizations concerned with research and teaching. ASAIHL serves as:

</doc>
<doc id="9807407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807407" title="Marcin Smoliński">
Marcin Smoliński

Marcin Smoliński (born April 5, 1985 in Warsaw) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) who currently plays for Olimpia Grudziądz.
Career.
Club.
When he came to Legia, he was hailed as the "new Kowalczyk", because of his personality and former place of living. However his talent didn't develop to match Kowalczyk's. He spent autumn 2006 on loan with Odra Wodzisław. 
In February 2009, he was loaned to ŁKS Łódź on half year deal.
In July 2010, he joined ŁKS Łódź on one year contract.
International.
He was a part of Poland national under-21 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9807413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807413" title="Iris Le Feuvre">
Iris Le Feuvre

Iris Le Feuvre (née Renouf), M.B.E. was a Jersey politician in the States of Jersey, who is still active in community work in Jersey.
Biography.
Iris Medora Le Feuvre was born in the Parish of Saint Martin, Jersey.
She was educated at St Peter Elementary School, and then at the States Intermediate School. 
During the German Occupation of Jersey (1940-1945), her family hid a Russian prisoner of war, and fed and sheltered him for the duration [http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/familyhistory/get_started/wdytya_s1_celeb_gallery_05.shtml].
She was employed as a book keeper between 1945 to 1948, when she met and married Eric G. Le Feuvre, a St Lawrence farmer.
A committed Methodist, she helped with the inception of the Communicare project.
States of Jersey.
She was elected Deputy for the Parish of St Lawrence from 1978 to 1981, and 1984 to 1999 was Connétable of St. Lawrence. She was the first woman to be elected Connétable.
During this time she was President of the Education Committee, and oversaw the replacement of the decaying d'Hautree School with the building of Haute Vallée School.
Retirement.
She retired from the States in 1999, but remained active in community work.
In 2002, she received an M.B.E. for services to the community in Jersey In 2003, she headed a group producing a report on Jersey's ageing population [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3197525.stm. In the same year, she also headed the Co-ordinating Committee for the Eradication of Poverty in Jersey, which noted that 2,000 young people were living in cramped and inappropriate accommodation [http://www.thisisjersey.com/code/showarchive.pl?ArticleID=6242003July&year=2003] 
In 2005, she was the fifth person voted by Islanders to be the subject of the Jersey Heritage Trust's portrait of a Jersey citizen [http://www.thisisjersey.com/code/showarchive.pl?ArticleID=2616April2005&year=2005a].
In 2006, she supported the appeal by Save Jersey's Heritage to save Plémont headland for development, stating that "As Islanders our coastline defines us and as its custodians it is our duty to protect it for those yet to come."[http://www.savejerseysheritage.org/downloads/plemontform.pdf]
In 2007, she was dismissed from her chairmanship of the Jersey Child Protection Committee by Senator Stuart Syvret, the Minister for Health and Social Services at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="9807430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807430" title="School system of The Wire">
School system of The Wire

The school system of "The Wire" is a fictional education system in the city of Baltimore depicted in the HBO drama series "The Wire". The fourth season of the show introduced an examination of the Baltimore city school system and many new characters including pupils, staff and education board employees.
Administration.
Howard "Bunny" Colvin.
Colvin was a thirty-year veteran of the Baltimore Police Department and a district commander before his radical policies caused his forced retirement. He moved into working with potential repeat violent offenders in the school system.
Marcia Donnelly.
Marcia Donnelly is the Assistant Principal of Edward J. Tilghman Middle School. She is a disciplinary, no-nonsense person whom the students have learned to obey. A veteran administrator, Mrs. Donnelly has become used to the chaotic environment of the school, but she often feels frustrated with the difficulty of keeping order among the children and retaining teachers from year to year. Donnelly is world-weary to the point where she sees an in-school stabbing victim being HIV-negative as a silver lining. She performs sweeps of the school grounds looking for concealed weapons on a regular basis.
Donnelly employs Dennis "Cutty" Wise — ostensibly as a custodian — to perform the duties of a truant officer. By forcing truants to attend one day in September and another in October, the school secures more funding. Cutty eventually returns to her to resign the post because he expected to be doing something more rewarding. She works with Howard "Bunny" Colvin in setting up an initiative to separate students into two groups to improve discipline. She urges Colvin to protect Principal Withers from the consequences of dividing the students, because he has gone out on a limb to support the initiative. She selects the students for the program with input from her colleague Grace Sampson. 
Donnelly meets with Bubbles and allows his young assistant Sherrod to enroll in the school. She insists that Sherrod is socially promoted to the eighth grade because of his age. She tells Bubbles that he cannot be allowed to return to the last grade he attended because of the difficulties it would present regarding classroom discipline and funding. She is supportive of impoverished student Duquan "Dukie" Weems and sends clothes home for him via his classmate Crystal Judkins.
Donnelly convinces eighth grade student Randy Wagstaff to become an informant against other students by threatening to call his foster mother when he is caught with a fake hall pass. When Randy is later involved as a lookout in a possible rape on school grounds Donnelly is forced to suspend him. He tells her that he knows about a murder to try and convince her not to call his foster mother and Donnelly is forced to hand him over to the police department.
Donnelly has a relationship based on mutual respect with the Principal, Claudell Withers. He allows her to handle the operational aspects of running the school while he deals more with external interests like the education board and the parents. Donnelly tries to protect the school from being taken over by the state by focusing on improving performance in state assessments. She insists on her teachers sticking to core subjects and is against deviations from the curriculum. She tries to guide trainee teacher Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski into following this strategy.
Miss Duquette.
Miss Duquette is a Doctoral student who assists Dr. Parenti and Bunny Colvin in teaching the "corner kids" special class. A social sciences and psychology student, she uses several psychological techniques to get the children to describe themselves and how they feel about their roles in life. As a rookie teacher from an educated and non-Baltimore City raised background, she is initially disrespected by many of the students especially the classes' two female students Chandra and Zenobia but she eventually manages to manipulate the children into articulating their problems and talk about how or why they should improve themselves. When school officials decide to pull the plug on the program, she assists Colvin and Parenti in protesting the program's end claiming that the students have actually made progress in the class as human beings. The program is nonetheless shutdown.
David Parenti.
Dr. David Parenti is a professor of sociology at the University of Maryland with a special interest in repeat violent offenders. He receives a grant from the university for a pilot study aimed at reducing this behavior. He plans to target 18-21 year olds as this is the age group when the behavior is most commonly exhibited.
He is known to the West Baltimore church deacon who puts him in touch with retired police officer Howard "Bunny" Colvin. Parenti is interested in meeting Colvin because he is well known around campus for his last action in the police department – a program of drug tolerant zones that significantly reduced crime in his district. Colvin takes a salaried position to assist Parenti with his study. Colvin wants Parenti to target younger age groups by showing him that violent behavior is entrenched in 18-21 year olds. A visit to Colvin's old district and introduction to an 18-year-old criminal, who tries to assault Parenti for taking notes, convinces Parenti.
Colvin and Parenti decide to focus on eighth grade middle school children and approach the Edward Tilghman middle school with their program. The principal, Claudell Withers, agrees to let them separate children with behavioral difficulties into their own class where they can be targeted and studied. Parenti also gets approval from the education department on Baltimore’s North Avenue on the condition that his program does not make any headlines. 
With the assistance of eighth grade head teacher Grace Sampson and assistant principal Marcia Donnelly he selects a class of ten students. Colvin refers to their target group as "corner kids". They hire a class teacher and assistant to deal with the students. Parenti is fasciniated by the behavior exhibited by his students. When the program is eventually terminated, Colvin's frustration is in stark contrast to Parenti's excitement about the attention the research will receive from academics.
Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski.
Prez is an ex-detective who showed great aptitude for surveillance and wiretap cases but struggled to maintain his composure in the field. He has embarked on a new career as a middle school math teacher.
Grace Sampson.
Sampson is a senior middle school English teacher and is the head teacher for the eighth grade at the Edward Tilghman Middle School. She plays a matriarchal role in the school as many of the students view her as a disciplinary motherly type (all the students act correctly when she approaches them). Grace has son named Allen, after the boy's father. She had a relationship with Dennis "Cutty" Wise before he was sentenced to a long prison term. When he was released from prison he tracked Grace down and learned where she was working. She avoids reconnecting with Cutty but offers him help in the form of putting him in touch with her church deacon to help him find work. Cutty visits Grace again when he has established a boxing gym for local kids. She rebuffs his advances again and tells him that she is proud of him. Grace's sister Queenie is a drug addict and is envious of the way her sister has taken control of her life.
Grace is feared and respected by her students who know her as Mrs. Sampson. She is able to subdue a classroom quickly and commands the attention of children easily. As head of the eighth grade she encourages her teachers to use simple consistent rules in the classroom to make it easy for the students to comply. She is supportive of new teacher Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski and helps him with discipline problems in his classes when she can. When a student named Chiquan is attacked by a classmate wielding a boxcutter in Pryzbylewski's class it is Grace who steps in and slaps the violent student to disarm her. She comforts the injured girl and asks a responsible student, Crystal Judkins, to phone for an ambulance.
Grace works with Howard "Bunny" Colvin to establish separate classes for two groups of eighth graders that he terms "corner kids" and "stoop kids". By separating the problem "corner kids" from classes he hopes that he can address their specific needs and give the other students more time to learn. Grace helps him to identify children who might be considered "corner kids". She suggests Namond Brice. She works alongside Assistant Principal Marcia Donnelly to select another nine students for the class.
Grace sees Cutty once more when he is working as a custodian bringing truanting children into the school. This time both of them are content to leave their relationship in the past.
Actress Dravon James portrays both Grace and her sister Queenie.
Claudell Withers.
Withers is the principal of Edward Tilghman Middle School and has held the post for eleven years. He is regarded as something of a renegade. He entrusts much of the operation of the school to Assistant Principal Marcia Donnelly. Withers goes out on a limb to allow Dr. David Parenti and Howard "Bunny" Colvin to launch a controversial pilot study at his school. Withers holds the education department’s administrators in low regard and refers to their headquarters on North Avenue as the "Puzzle Palace".
Students.
Namond Brice.
Namond Brice is a tough-talking eighth-grade student who struggles to follow in the footsteps of his father, Wee-Bey.
Aaron "Bug" Manigault.
Bug is Michael Lee's younger half-brother. Michael shows concern in taking care of Bug; he helps Bug with schoolwork and has Dukie look after Bug. When Michael gets in trouble with the Stanfield Organization, he leaves Bug with his Aunt in Howard County.
Zenobia Dawson.
Zenobia is a student at Edward Tilghman middle school who often disrupts classes, in particular she is disruptive in Mr. Prezbo’s math class. She is one of the children selected for the special class by Assistant Principal Marcia Donnelly. By the end of the season Zenobia is one of the three students that makes the most progress through the "corner boys" class. When she returns to her regular class she is attentive and doesn't cause any disturbances.
Donut.
Donut (given name "Tyrell", as evidenced in the season four finale, "Final Grades") is a student at Edward Tilghman Middle School, and was in 6th grade during season 4. He is interested in cars and is an accomplished, compulsive auto thief. He is friends with Namond Brice, Michael Lee and Randy Wagstaff. He brings Sergeant Ellis Carver's attention to the group when he is spotted in a stolen Cadillac Escalade. Carver warns the boys that if he ties them to any further auto thefts he will organize alleyway beatings for each of them. Donut remains defiant or perhaps is simply unable to keep quiet with a car in the vicinity, quietly remarking that Carver has a nice car as he walks away. He carries a homemade slim jim that he keeps in his sock. On request, Donut breaks into math teacher Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski's car when he locks his keys in it, leaving Prez grateful but rather worried about having a kid at school who is evidently able to break into cars. When Randy is unexpectedly tasked with distributing Carcetti campaign literature on the day of the primary election, Donut steals an SUV to make the job go faster. Once Donut learns that Randy has already been paid upfront, he asks for his share of the "walk-around" money and leaves. 
Donut works with Namond and their even younger friend Kenard selling drugs around their school hours. Donut's carjacking abilities however get him into trouble with corrupt patrolman Walker who breaks his fingers. Donut is a reckless driver, often speeding, ignoring traffic signs, and occasionally wrecking the cars he steals. In the final scene of the season four finale, as Namond is on the Colvins' porch getting ready for school, Donut drives by in a stolen SUV with the stereo blasting. Donut and Namond share a nod and then Donut speeds away, through a stop sign at the end of the corner, nearly running into another honking driver while Namond is left smiling at the spectacle.
Crystal Judkins.
Crystal is a keen student at Edward Tilghman middle school and often helps her teachers outside of school. She works with assistant principal Marcia Donnelly over the summer to prepare the school for the new year. She delivers clothes to her impoverished peer Duquan "Dukie" Weems on Donnelly’s behalf. She is in Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski's math class with Dukie and advises Prez about Dukie's home circumstances. When a girl is wounded in a fight in Prez's classroom Mrs. Sampson sends Crystal to the office to call an ambulance.
Michael Lee.
Michael Lee is a soft spoken eighth-grade student who has adult responsibilities.
Albert Stokes.
Albert is a small, yet boisterous eighth grade student at Edward Tilghman middle school who often uses profane language and disrupts classes. He is one of the children selected for the special class by Assistant Principal Marcia Donnelly. He shows some improvement in the special class under Howard "Bunny" Colvin. It is revealed that his mother dies on the couch of their home and no one comes for days to get her.
Darnell Tyson.
Darnell is a student at Edward Tilghman middle school who has a drinking problem and often disrupts classes. He is one of the children selected for the special class by Assistant Principal Marcia Donnelly. Darnell is another one of the three students that show real progress through the special class.
Randy Wagstaff.
Randy Wagstaff is an enterprising eighth-grade student who is dependent on social services.
Duquan "Dukie" Weems.
Duquan "Dukie" Weems is an eighth-grade student who lives in abject poverty.
Karim Williams.
Karim is a student at Edward Tilghman middle school who hopes to become an NBA basketball player and sports an afro. He is in Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski’s math class with his former friends Randy Wagstaff and Namond Brice.

</doc>
<doc id="9807431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807431" title="Beggar My Neighbour (TV series)">
Beggar My Neighbour (TV series)

Beggar My Neighbour was a black-and-white British sitcom starring Reg Varney, Peter Jones, June Whitfield, Pat Coombs and (later) Desmond Walter-Ellis. It was broadcast from 1966 to 1968 and was written by Ken Hoare and Mike Sharland.
Plot.
Rose Garvey, and her husband Gerald, live next door to her sister Lana Butt, and her husband Harry, in Larkworthy Road in Muswell Hill in North London. Gerald is an underpaid junior executive, while Harry is a well-paid fitter. The slightly snobbish Gerald makes sure that he and Rose keep up a pretence of them doing well even though they are not. Meanwhile, the Butt's relative wealth encourages Lana put on airs and graces, but Harry remains down to earth.
Episodes.
Only seven episodes of the original run of 23 have survived: episode two from the first series and all six episodes from series two.

</doc>
<doc id="9807435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807435" title="Billy Arjan Singh">
Billy Arjan Singh

Kunwar "Billy" Arjan Singh (15 August 1917 – 1 January 2010) was an Indian hunter turned conservationist and author. He was the first who tried to reintroduce tigers and leopards from captivity into the wild.
Billy Arjan Singh died peacefully at his original farmhouse "Jasbir Nagar" on 1 January 2010.
Early life.
Kunwar "Billy" Arjan Singh was born in Gorakhpur on 15 August 1917 as the second son of Kunwar Jasbir Singh, CIE (1887–1942), a member of the royal Ahluwalia dynasty of Kapurthala. His grandfather was Raja Harnam Singh, Raja Maharaj Singh was his uncle, Rajkumari Amrit Kaur was his aunt and his elder brother was Air Vice-Marshal Kunwar Jaswant Singh, PVSM (1915–1963) In 1940, Singh was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the British Indian Army and was posted to the south of Iraq. Upon his return to India he purchased a farm in the remote district of Lakhimpur Kheri and built himself a home – named in honour of his father – Jasbir Nagar. He settled down to a life of farming and hunting. Nearly ten years later, he also acquired an estate on the borders of the forestry reserve at Dudhwa. This came to be known as Tiger Haven and it is there that he lived for most of the rest of his life.
Hunter turned conservationist.
Singh described how in his youth he had been an insatiable hunter. However, one day having shot a young leopard in the lights of his vehicle, he dramatically changed his view of hunting, feeling nothing but revulsion for killing and vowing that from then on he would pursue the cause of conservation. His first major project was to save a herd of barasingha in the neighbouring Sathiana range of the forestry reserve at Dudhwa.
In 1976, he was awarded the World Wildlife Fund's Gold Medal, the WWF's premier award, for his conservation work. He was also largely responsible for persuading the then Prime Minister Mrs Indira Gandhi to transform Dudhwa into a national park.
Singh's work with wildlife is best known for his reintroduction of both leopards and tiger into the wild. He started by bringing up an orphaned male leopard cub, which he called Prince. Prince was successfully reintroduced to the wild in March 1973. To provide Prince with a mate he subsequently raised two female leopards cubs, Harriet and Juliette. While Juliette died because of poisoning, probably by local farmers; Harriet survived, eventually mated with Prince and delivered cubs. With Mrs. Gandhi's backing, Singh then brought a tigress cub – christened Tara – from an English zoo and reintroduced her successfully into the wild. This extraordinary experiment was well documented in his subsequent books as also in a film made by Anglia Survival. Tara successfully produced a litter of cubs. While some accused Singh of introducing Siberian tiger genes, he himself had little regard for such criticism, believing that it would have enhanced the local gene pool.
Re-introduction of tigers.
In July 1976, Billy Arjan Singh acquired a hand-reared female tiger cub named "Tara" from Twycross Zoo in the United Kingdom, and reintroduced her to the wild in the Dudhwa National Park with the permission of India's then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
In the 1990s, some tigers were observed in the protected area, which had a Siberian tiger phenotype of a large head, pale pelage, white complexion, and wide stripes, and were therefore suspected to be Bengal-Siberian tiger hybrids. Billy Arjan Singh sent hair samples of tigers from the area to the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology in Hyderabad where the samples were analysed using mitochondrial sequence analysis. Results revealed that the tigers in question had a Bengal tiger mitochondrial haplotype indicating that their mother was a Bengal tiger. Skin, hair and blood samples from 71 tigers collected in various Indian zoos, in the National Museum in Kolkata and including the two hair samples from Dudhwa National Park were prepared for microsatellite analysis that revealed that two tigers had alleles in two loci that were contributed by Bengal and Siberian tiger subspecies. However, samples of two hybrid specimens constituted a too small base to conclusively presume that "Tara" was the source of the Siberian tiger genes.
Awards.
For his contributions to conservation, Arjan Singh was widely honoured. He received the Padma Shri in 1995, one of India's highest civilian national awards. In 1996, he was awarded the "World Wildlife Gold Medal", and obtained the Order of the Golden Ark in 1997.
In 2004, Arjan Singh received the Getty Award, administered by the World Wildlife Fund, for his innovative contribution to conservation and for creating public awareness. In 2006, he received the "Yash Bharati award" and the Padma Bhushan two months later.
He also received the "Lifetime Award for Tiger Conservation".
Legacy.
To ensure that his work in conservation continued, Singh established the Tiger Haven Society in 1992. The Society's aims include preserving Tiger Haven and sponsoring research into wildlife.

</doc>
<doc id="9807462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807462" title="Rich Jones (musician)">
Rich Jones (musician)

Rich Jones is an English guitarist born in Coventry in 1973. He has since lived and played music in Toronto, Vancouver, and Los Angeles before settling in London, England.
He was a founder member and principal songwriter of Canadian punks The Black Halos from 1993–2001 and has since played in bands such as U.S punk–rockers Amen and British punkabilly outfit The Yo-Yos. In addition he has toured and recorded with Alec Empire from Atari Teenage Riot, Canadian singer-songwriter Neil Leyton, and The Dogs D'Amour, as well as doing artwork for Killing Joke and Amen. He also appears as a guest guitarist on the Therapy? album "Shameless". He currently lives in London where he has played and recorded with Wildhearts frontman Ginger, The Loyalties with ex Yo-Yo Tom Spencer and Sorry and the Sinatras, with Scott Sorry (ex-Amen). In 2012 he produced a record for the band 'Radio Dead Ones' from Berlin, Germany. In the summer of 2013, Jones stood in for former Backyard Babies guitarist Dregen in Michael Monroe's band for a series of live dates that ran until December of that year. In March 2014 it was announced that he would join Michael Monroe's band as a full-time member.

</doc>
<doc id="9807472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807472" title="Troides vandepolli">
Troides vandepolli

The van de Poll’s Birdwing ("Troides vandepolli") is a montane birdwing butterfly occurring on Java and Sumatra. It is endemic for Indonesia and is protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES).
The species was named for Neervoort Jacob R. H. van de Poll.
Description.
Male: The fore wings are ground colour black. The veins are lightly bordered by white colour. The underside of the fore wings is dark-brown. The veins are bordered by white colour. The hind wings of are black. There is a large golden-yellow area in the discal and postdiscal part. The veins are black and they cleave the golden area.
The underside is similar to the upperside. At the inner edge there is a yellowish spot.
The abdomen is brown, the underside is yellow and black. Head and thorax are black. The nape has a red hair-coat.
Female: "Troides vandepolli" is sexually dimorphic. The female is larger than the male. The gruand colour of the female is brown. The veins are bordered by white colour. There is a yellow area with dark veins on the hind wings only and a chain of black spots in the yellow area. The underside is similar to the upperside.
Taxonomy.
There are three subspecies, the nominate, "honrathiana" Martin, 1892 (montane plateau of Sumatra) and "parrottei" Deslisle, 1989 (S. Sumatra; Mt Dempo). They are named for Eduard Honrath and R.E.Parrott.
Ecozone.
Indomalaya ecozone (Sundaland)
Related species.
"Troides vandepolli" is a member of the "Troides haliphron" species group. The members of this clade are:
References.
Other literature at "Troides"

</doc>
<doc id="9807480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807480" title="Characters from the docks of The Wire">
Characters from the docks of The Wire

The fictional HBO drama series "The Wire" focused largely on the Baltimore docks in its second season, introducing many new characters to the cast. Characters from the docks of The Wire include the working Stevedores and their families as well as the criminal organization that controls smuggling through the Baltimore docks.
Sobotka family.
The Sobotka family is a Polish American Baltimore family. The head of the family is Frank, a treasurer for the local union. The Sobotkas are hated by Southeastern District commander Stanislaus Valchek who has a long-standing feud with Frank.
Frank Sobotka.
Frank Sobotka was a respected longshoremen's local union leader who became involved with an organized crime smuggling operation in order to finance a political campaign to sustain the docks.
Joan Sobotka.
Joan is Louis' wife and the two live with their grown son, Nick. Joan bemoans her family's drinking habits and tries to encourage Nick to get as much work as possible at the port. She refuses to make breakfast for him if he is not up in time for work. Nick often has his girlfriend Aimee to stay but hides her visits from his parents. Joan is aghast when the police serve warrants and search her home looking for Nick and find drugs and cash.
Louis Sobotka.
Louis is Frank Sobotka's elder brother and Nick's father. Louis was forced to retire early from his trade as a shipwright. He spends his days hypothetically gambling on horses (he never places any money on his bets) and drinking at Delores' bar. He refuses to get involved in the family's smuggling operation. When a warrant is put on Nick for his drug involvement Louis convinces him to turn himself in.
Nick Sobotka.
Louis and Joan's son and Frank's nephew, Nick is a well-liked young Stevedore with extensive family connections to the Baltimore port and links to the criminal underworld.
Ziggy Sobotka.
Ziggy is Frank's son, an impulsive and often reckless young checker, loosely based on Pinkie Bannion, a real life docker in the Baltimore area, at the docks with a desire to prove himself and a respected father to live up to.
Dock workers.
The dock workers are all members of the Baltimore Union of the International Brotherhood of Stevedores. They are also hated by Southeastern District commander Stan Valchek who views them as nothing more than dishonorable thieves stealing anything that comes into the port.
Nat Coxson.
Nat is a bald-headed African-American stevedore who is a union president and is dubious of Frank Sobotka's political maneuvering. Nat is a firm believer that the unions should focus on repairing the disused grain pier before it is bought by property developers. He opposes Frank's efforts to have the canal dredged as he believes that this is a goal beyond their reach. Nat is concerned about Frank's surge in income and spending on campaign contributions and hiring a lobbyist. He questions Frank about the source of the funds and when Frank refuses to answer Nat cautions him about the risks of showing so much money.
Nat is an advocate for Ott in the forthcoming union election. He expects Frank to stand down to let Ott take his place as the unions have an arrangement that Polish and African American leaders will alternate. Frank asks Nat to allow him to continue for a second term to try to achieve his political goals and Nat is dubious. When Frank is murdered, Nat is horrified along with the other Stevedores. Nat's worst fears are ultimately realized when the grain pier is converted into condominiums.
Vernon "Ott" Motley.
Moustached older African-American stevedore often seen drinking in Delores' bar. Ott was arrested on a DWI charge as part of Major Valchek's vendetta against the union. He was released on bail later the same day. Frank's response was to have Horseface steal a surveillance van from Valchek's district parking lot; Ott helped to load the van into a container to be shipped around the country.
Ott was set to take over from Frank as treasurer when the next election came around, per the Stevedores' arrangement that the position swap between a Polish and African-American after each term. Ott was supported by his friend Nat Coxson, president of another local union. Ott realized that Frank planned to run again and was angry that he was not honoring the agreement. When Frank was murdered, Ott withdrew his candidacy as a show of unity against the federal government's attempt to break up the union.
Little Big Roy.
Little Big Roy is a large, balding, Polish crew chief from Nat Coxson's IBS longshoremen's union. He is often seen drinking in Delores' bar with other union members. Frank Sobotka borrowed Little Big Roy's union card in order to work a ship to clear his head after he was arrested. When Frank's body was pulled out of the docks Little Big Roy was there to watch with the other devastated Stevedores. As well as that, he is well known for being very protective of his Union Card and is extremely cautious about who he gives it to.
Thomas "Horseface" Pakusa.
Checker from Frank Sobotka's union who assists him in moving contraband through the port. Horse was responsible for stealing Valchek's surveillance van in the union's feud with the police major. Horse was arrested and put on trial along with Eton Ben-Eleazer following the details investigation of smuggling through the Baltimore docks. The outcome of his trial is not shown, though Nick Sobotka testified that Horseface knew nothing of the smuggling.
Johnny "Fifty" Spamanto.
Johnny "Fifty" is a young checker from Frank Sobotka's union. Spamanto is Caucasian and wears a long beard. He received his nickname for drinking fifty-three beers on his 25th birthday and is often seen drinking in Delores' bar. Spamanto assists Nick and Ziggy in stealing from the docks for The Greek. He refuses to get involved in the drug trade with Nick and Ziggy. Spamanto was indicted by a grand jury as part of the investigation in to smuggling at the docks but gave very little information and escaped uncharged. Johnny Fifty briefly resurfaces in Season 5 as a homeless man, demonstrating how far the union has fallen: in previous years, Spamanto regularly found work in the tower, but is now evidently getting very few hours and as a result is hurting financially.
Big Roy.
Big Roy is a ponytailed white stevedore who is much smaller than his colleague Little Big Roy. Big Roy was part of the crowd of Stevedores that witnessed their murdered union leader Frank Sobotka being pulled from the docks.
Chess.
Chess is a large, senior, African-American stevedore who is often seen drinking at Delores' bar. He questions Frank Sobotka about the source of his political capital at a union meeting.
La La.
Bald African-American stevedore from Frank Sobotka's union. La La has little seniority amongst union men and therefore struggles to find work. When Frank got into a feud with Southeastern police district commander Major Valchek, La La was arrested on a DWI stop when leaving Delores' bar along with several other union members. He is a friend of Nick Sobotka and accompanied him to try to talk a drug dealer called "Cheese" into giving back his friend and Nick's cousin Ziggy's car.
Maui.
Maui is a checker from Frank Sobotka's union who had a relationship with Officer Beadie Russell. Beadie reconnected with Maui to get information about smuggling from the docks; he refused to inform on his fellow union men but told her to check the port's computer system for information. Maui dislikes Ziggy Sobotka, playing various tricks on him, culminating with Maui humiliating Ziggy by forcing him on top of a container and stranding him there.
The Greeks.
The Greeks are an international smuggling and organized crime organization with several Eastern European members in Baltimore operating out of a rundown cafe.
Others.
Aimee.
Aimee is Nick Sobotka's girlfriend and the mother of his daughter, Ashley. Aimee could not stay overnight at Nick's home because he still lived with his parents. Aimee hopes to get a place for her young family to share and encourages Nick to go house hunting with her despite his lack of income from his dock work. She is shocked when she discovers a bundle of cash in his basement room, but he explains it by telling her that it comes from a new warehouse manager position. Aimee was at Nick's home when the police raided it and found a stash of heroin. She accepted his misdeeds and went into protective custody with him; the two finally sharing a home for a night.
Delores.
Delores is the owner of the bar frequented by the Stevedores. She has a great respect for union leader Frank Sobotka and holds cash to be handed to workers in his union who are struggling for money on his behalf. She has an uneasy friendship with Ziggy Sobotka because he is constantly exposing his genitalia in her bar.
Bruce DiBiago.
DiBiago is Frank Sobotka's lobbyist with heavy political contacts. His great-grandfather was a knife sharpener in Baltimore. His eldest son, Jason, attends Princeton University.

</doc>
<doc id="9807483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807483" title="Live from Toronto (The Who album)">
Live from Toronto (The Who album)

Live from Toronto is a double live album by The Who recorded during the last concert of the It's Hard Tour at the Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, 17 December 1982. These performances were originally broadcast live on cable TV and FM radio across the U.S. and Canada. It was later released in the early 1980s on VHS video tape. 
This 2006 edition of the concert was also released as a DVD. The video on the DVD is essentially the same version broadcast live with some editing and video effects added in post production. 
Three songs performed at this concert are not included on the album or the DVD: "Behind Blue Eyes", "Dr. Jimmy" and "Cry If You Want". However, the performance of "Cry If You Want" from this show was included on the 1997 remastered version of the "It's Hard" CD. 
Track listing.
All songs written by Pete Townshend except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9807487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807487" title="John Licina">
John Licina

John Licina (born August 6, 1976) is a French footballer, who plays for US Valdoie.
Career.
Licina played for FC Sochaux before moving to Scotland with Dundee United. Licina moved to Belfort then spent three years with SR Delémont before leaving at the end of the 2006-07 season. Licina returned in December 2007 and vowed to stay until at least the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="9807494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807494" title="Institute of Customer Service">
Institute of Customer Service

The Institute of Customer Service is the professional body for customer service which seeks to lead customer service performance and professionalism. It offers membership to individual customer service professionals and organisations. Nearly 7,000 individuals and over 300 organisations are members. 
The Institute runs National Customer Service Week in the first full week of October each year. 
The Institute: 

</doc>
<doc id="9807512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807512" title="Stone, Brick, Glass, Wood, Wire">
Stone, Brick, Glass, Wood, Wire

Stone, Brick, Glass, Wood, Wire (Graphic Scores 1986–96) is a double live album by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It comprises a series of graphic scores Frith composed in 1992 "for any number of players". It was performed live by Frith, Ikue Mori, Zeena Parkins and the International Occasional Ensemble at five concerts in Canada (October 1992), Italy (May 1992), Belgium (May 1994), Netherlands (October 1994) and Germany (October 1995). Frith also conducted and directed the performances.
Background.
The graphic scores used for the performances were a set of photographs taken by Frith of a variety of inanimate objects, including stone pavings, brick walls, windows, stacks of logs and high-tension wires. Each photograph had instructions explaining to the musicians how to interpret the patterns in the image. For example, "Skylight IV" was a photograph of skylights in a large building and was annotated as follows:
Frith chose the pictures for the patterns and repetitions they contained. Breaks in the patterns (for example, paint smudges, leaves on sand) guided soloists and defined instrumental groupings. Generally time was read from left to right and pitch vertically. Under the direction of Frith, with wide latitude given to each individual musician's interpretation of the proceedings, the resulting music was a form of structured improvisation. Dave Lynch of "Allmusic" wrote: "At its best, structured improvisation can provide a guiding context that enhances, rather than limits, the impact of the improvisations themselves. Such is the case with Stone, Brick, Glass, Wood, Wire, some of the best photographs you ever heard."

</doc>
<doc id="9807517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807517" title="1983 Formula Atlantic season">
1983 Formula Atlantic season

The 1983 Formula Mondial North American Cup season was contested over 9 rounds. In this one-make engine formula all cars had to utilize Ford BDD engines. 57 different drivers competed in 8 different chassis.
Final points standings.
Driver.
For every race the points were awarded: 30 points to the winner, 24 for runner up, 19 for third place, 15 for fourth place, 12 for fifth place, 10 for sixth place, 9 seventh place, winding down to 1 point for 15th place. No additional points were awarded. All results count.
Note:
Race 4 and 9 not all points were awarded (not enough competitors).

</doc>
<doc id="9807535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807535" title="Grégory Wimbée">
Grégory Wimbée

Grégory Wimbée (born 19 August 1971) is a French retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He appeared in 282 Ligue 1 games during 11 seasons, representing in the competition Nancy, Lille, Metz, Grenoble and Valenciennes . Over a 19-year professional career, he added 297 matches in Ligue 2.
Football career.
Wimbée was born in Essey-lès-Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle. After graduating from AS Nancy's youth system and serving a loan to Ligue 2 side OFC Charleville, he became an undisputed starter for the former, helping it achieve promotion to Ligue 1. On 28 November 1996, in his first top flight season, he scored a last-minute goal from a corner, in a 1–1 home draw against RC Lens, becoming the first goalkeeper to have scored in the competition's history.
After an unassuming year with AS Cannes, Wimbée moved to Lille OSC, helping it to another promotion and into the 2001–02 UEFA Champions League, the first-ever participation in the competition for the Nord-Pas de Calais club. During six seasons, he was an automatic first-choice.
After two seasons and a further 67 first division matches with FC Metz, Wimbée joined Grenoble Foot 38 in 2006, playing 36 games in 2007–08 as the campaign again ended in promotion and the team returned to the first division after a 45-year absence.
On 24 August 2009 Wimbée, aged 38, signed a one-year contract with fellow league side Valenciennes FC. During the season, as the club finished exactly in tenth position, he played only once, in a 1–3 home loss against FC Toulouse on 16 January 2010, renewing his link in July for one more year.
After no additional league appearances, Wimbée retired from professional football in June 2011, two months shy of his 40th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="9807538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807538" title="Pale chanting goshawk">
Pale chanting goshawk

The (southern) pale chanting goshawk ("Melierax canorus") is a bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. 
This hawk breeds in southern Africa. It is a resident species of dry, open semi-desert with 75 cm or less annual rainfall. It is commonly seen perched on roadside telephone poles.
This species is 56–65 cm long. The adult has grey upperparts with a white rump. The central tail feathers are black tipped with white, and the outer feathers are barred grey and white. The head and upper breast are pale grey; the rest of the underparts are finely barred in dark grey and white. Its eyes are red, the bill is mostly red, and it has long red legs. It is paler than the grey-rumped dark chanting goshawk, "Melierax metabates".
In flight, the adult has black primary flight feathers, very pale grey (white from a distance) secondaries, and grey forewings. The wingspan is about 105 cm.
Immatures have brown upperparts, with a white rump and black bars on the tail. From below, the flight feathers and tail are white with black barring, the throat is dark-streaked white, and the rest of the underparts are rufous.
The pale chanting goshawk eats a variety of vertebrate prey, mainly lizards, but also small mammals and birds, and large insects. It often walks on the ground.
This is generally a rather quiet bird, but during the breeding season the male makes a series of tuneful whistling calls "kleeuu, kleeuu-ku-ku-ku" from a tree-top perch.
Normally a female mates with a single male, but in "broken veld" vegetation, a female and two males may form a polyandrous trio.
The relatively small stick nest is built in an acacia at a height of 3 to 10 m. The female lays and incubates one or two pale bluish or greenish white, unmarked eggs. Only one chick is normally reared from a nest of two. The breeding cycle begins in midwinter and takes over 115 days. The young after leaving the nest may be found near it for some months and in the following year may even display in the same area. Some pairs and especially trios raise a second brood, starting about 24 days after the first brood fledges.

</doc>
<doc id="9807547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807547" title="Philip Gore, 4th Earl of Arran">
Philip Gore, 4th Earl of Arran

Philip Yorke Gore, 4th Earl of Arran KP (23 November 1801 – 25 June 1884), known as Philip Gore until 1837, was an Anglo-Irish peer and diplomat.
Born at Dublin Castle, Arran was the eldest son of Colonel the Hon. William John Gore, second son of Arthur Gore, 2nd Earl of Arran, and his wife Caroline, daughter of Sir Thomas Hales, 4th Baronet.
In 1820 Gore was sent as attaché to the British embassy in Stockholm, was transferred to Paris in 1825 and to Lisbon a year later. There he was promoted to secretary of legation in 1828 and to Chargé d'Affaires in 1832. He succeeded his uncle Arthur as earl in 1837 and was made a Knight of the Order of St Patrick in 1841.
Lord Arran married Elizabeth Marianne Napier, second daughter of Sir William Francis Patrick Napier, in 1838. They had two sons and three daughters. He died in June 1884, aged 82, and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son Arthur. Lady Arran died in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="9807555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807555" title="Margit Fischer">
Margit Fischer

Margit Fischer (née Binder) (born 28 July 1943 in Stockholm, Sweden) is the First Lady of Austria and the wife of Heinz Fischer, the federal president of Austria.
Her parents, Otto and Anna Binder, were social democrats and Jews and had to emigrate to Sweden during the Nazi regime. Mrs Fischer speaks Swedish fluently. In 1949, her family returned to Austria. She attended grammar school in Vienna and started to study arts at the University of Vienna. In 1968, she married Heinz Fischer, a social democratic politician. In 2004, her husband was elected federal president and she became first lady of Austria. The couple has two children: Philip (born 1972) and Lisa (born 1975).

</doc>
<doc id="9807571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807571" title="Joachim Wilhelm von Brawe">
Joachim Wilhelm von Brawe

Joachim Wilhelm von Brawe (4 February 1738 – 7 April 1758) was a German poet from Weißenfels.
Biography.
From 1755 to 1758, Brawe studied law at the University of Leipzig. Having successfully contended, in his 18th year, for a dramatic prize, he felt animated to persevere, particularly under the encouragement of Lessing and Weiße, and produced his tragedy of "Brutus," which proved very successful. He was cut off by the small-pox, in the twentieth year of his age. He died in Dresden while paying a visit to his father.

</doc>
<doc id="9807581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807581" title="John Strange (Canadian politician)">
John Strange (Canadian politician)

John Strange (September 2, 1788 – October 14, 1840) was a merchant and political figure in Upper Canada.
He was born in East Kilbride, Scotland in 1788 and emigrated with several siblings around 1805. He served during the War of 1812 as a volunteer in the Canadian Militia, being a Lieutenant of the first Regiment of the Royal Lanarkshire Light Infantry Militia. He was present at the Battle of Lundy’s Lane and at Fort Erie. At the close of the war, John settled in Kingston and became Major in the First Regiment of the Frontenac Militia. In 1818, he married Mary McGill in Albany, New York (sister of his brother Maxwell's wife Elizabeth). John built a limestone house in Kingston between 1824 and 1826 that served as the family home at the site of what is now 55 Barrack Street in Kingston. There is a historic plaque on the site. He was named a justice of the peace for the Midland District in 1834. In the same year, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada for Frontenac County. He died at Caledonia Springs in 1840. He was originally buried in the Upper Burial Grounds (now McBurney Park in Kingston Ontario), and his remains later relocated to Cataraqui Cemetery. His headstone is laid flat in the ground but still legible. 
Father of five, of whom only two survived to adulthood. His son Maxwell served as a conservative in the Ontario legislative assembly 1867-1871. Another son, Orlando, was Mayor of Kingston in 1860. He also raised his brother Maxwell's four children, who were orphaned in Albany in 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="9807586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807586" title="Masatomi Kimura">
Masatomi Kimura

, was an admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography.
Although born into the Kondō family of Shizuoka city Shizuoka Prefecture, Kimura was adopted by a family in Tottori city, Tottori prefecture soon after birth, and considered Tottori his official residence. He was a graduate of the 41st class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, but was a mediocre student, placing 107 out of 118 cadets.
Kimura served his Midshipman duty on the "Asama", making a cruise to Honolulu and to the west coast of the United States. Commissioned as a midshipman on December 9, 1913, he transferred to "Yakumo" on his return in 1914. After he was commissioned as an Ensign on December 1, he was assigned to the battleship "Sagami" and "Suwo". After completing required coursework in torpedo warfare and naval artillery, he was posted to the South Pacific in the closing stages of World War I. On his return to Japan in 1918, he was posted to the "Mikasa".
After his promotion to Lieutenant in 1920, he commanded numerous torpedo boats and minesweepers. In 1926, after he was promoted to Lieutenant Commander, he was given command of the destroyer "Maki". He subsequently captained "Asanagi", "Oite", "Hagi", "Hokaze", "Katata", "Atami", "Asagiri", Destroyer Group 16, Destroyer Group 21, Destroyer Group 8, auxiliary seaplane tender "Kagu Maru", auxiliary oiler "Shiretoko", and cruisers "Jintsu" and "Suzuya". He was promoted to Commander in 1932 and to Captain in 1937.
He was captain of "Suzuya" during the attack on Pearl Harbor. He later assisted in the rescue of the crew of the "Mikuma" after that cruiser had been hit and sunk by American bombers during the Battle of Midway. On 1 November 1942, Kimura was promoted to Rear Admiral. He subsequently served in a number of staff positions, and was also commander of Desron3, with "Shirayuki", "Shikinami", "Uranami", "Tokitsukaze", "Yukikaze", "Asashio", "Arashio", and "Asagumo". He was assigned to escort eight transports with 6000 soldiers of the IJA 51st division and 400 marines from Rabaul to Lae, New Guinea. In the Battle of the Bismarck Sea on 3–4 March 1943, US Navy and RAAF bombers inflicted severe damage on the Japanese convoy, sinking all of the transports and four destroyers. Admiral Kimura was wounded by machine gun fire in the shoulder and stomach, and his flagship, "Shirayuki", was among the four destroyers sunk during the engagement. He, and most of his crew, were rescued by "Shikinami".
After recovering from his injuries, Kimura was assigned to cover the withdrawal of Japanese troops from Kiska Island in the Aleutians. When poor weather threatened the withdrawal operations, Kimura disobeyed orders and remained on station until the last man was recovered. Afterward, in 1944, he was assigned to escort reinforcements to Leyte Island and Mindoro Island in the Philippines. On 1 April 1945, Kimura became commandant of the Anti-submarine Warfare School, and the Hofu Naval Communications School. He was promoted to Vice Admiral on 1 November 1945, a few days before he entered the reserves on 10 November.
Kimura had a postwar career in the salt industry, and died of stomach cancer in 1960, aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="9807589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807589" title="Eastern chanting goshawk">
Eastern chanting goshawk

The eastern (pale) chanting goshawk or Somali chanting goshawk ("Melierax poliopterus") is a bird of prey of East Africa.
Taxonomy.
This species is intermediate between the smaller dark chanting goshawk (widespread to the west and south) and the pale chanting goshawk (southern Africa) in colour, size, and leg length, but not in range. It has often been considered a subspecies of the latter, but because of this disparity between geography and characters, it is now considered a separate species, as agreed by many authorities.
Description.
This species averages 49 to 55 cm long, with a wingspan of 96 to 110 cm and a tail length of 20 to 25 cm. Males average 85% of the size of females. Like the other chanting goshawks, it resembles an accipiter but the tail is shorter and graduated (the feathers increase in length from the edges to the center), and the wings are broader.
Adults have grey head, neck, breast, and upperparts, except for the white or lightly barred uppertail coverts. The belly has narrow grey and white bars and the undertail coverts are white. The belly and wing linings are white, the secondaries are light grey, and the primaries are dark, giving an impression from below of a white bird with grey head and dark wingtips. The tail is blackish above and white below with grey bars. The cere is yellow, and the legs are orange-red. Juveniles are dull brown above with a pale stripe over the eye. They have white underparts with brown streaks on the throat and breast, brown bars on the belly coverts, and faint or no barring on the undertail coverts. The tail is brown with widely spaced darker brown bars. The rump is white, partially barred or unmarked. They are indistinguishable from some juvenile dark chanting goshawks except for the less barred undertail coverts and rump. Also, the legs are slightly longer at all ages than the dark chanting goshawk's.
Distribution and habitat.
It occurs in semidesert, dry bush, and wooded grassland below 2000 m in southern Ethiopia, Djibouti, western Somalia, eastern Kenya, northeastern Tanzania, and adjacent Uganda.
Behaviour.
The eastern chanting goshawk is usually seen alone. It often perches on the tops of trees and utility poles. Its wingbeats are shallow and "straight-arm". It holds its wings flat, or sometimes in a V, when it glides.
Its calls are "a melodious piping "whee-pee-pee-pee", and a long high-pitched "kleee-yeu"", slightly lower-pitched than those of the dark chanting goshawk, or ""peeu-peeu-peeu-pee-pee-pee-pee..."" in the nesting season, the source of its name.

</doc>
<doc id="9807603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807603" title="Cry Wolf (A-ha song)">
Cry Wolf (A-ha song)

"Cry Wolf" is a song by Norwegian band A-ha. It was the second single from their 1986 "Scoundrel Days" album.
The lyrics "Night I left the city I dreamt of a Wolf..." are credited to Lauren Savoy whom Pål later married.
It was the most successful single from the "Scoundrel Days" album in the U.S., where it peaked at #14 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play charts and went to #50 on the Hot 100. While it would be their last entry on that chart, the band would continue to have major pop hits from each album release throughout the rest of the world through to 2010. The single went Top 40 nearly everywhere else it was released, including Top 5 chartings in the UK, Poland and Ireland, going to #2 in Norway and to the top spot in Japan. It was certified a Silver single in the UK on 1 January 1987.
Tracklisting.
7"
12"
Music by Magne Furuholmen
Words by Pål Waaktaar & Magne Furuholmen
Produced by Alan Tarney
Engineered by Gerry Kitchingham
Mixed by John Hudson & Alan Tarney
Drums by Øyestein Jevanord
Music video.
Director: Steve Barron
This song was released as the second single from "Scoundrel Days". 
The theme of the video was taken from the story of the boy who cried wolf, which was also the inspiration for the song. 
Paul: "'Cry Wolf' has my first decent word-picture: ‘He came from where the winds are cold and truth is seen through key-holes…' Otherwise lots of bass, riffs and pure youthful force… Not so much substance, perhaps". 
"Cry Wolf" was filmed in Couches, Burgundy, France. 

</doc>
<doc id="9807604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807604" title="Volgorechensk">
Volgorechensk

Volgorechensk () is a town in Kostroma Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volga River, south of Kostroma, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1964 as a settlement for the employees of Kostroma State District Power Plant. It was granted town status in 1994.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is, together with two rural localities, incorporated as the town of oblast significance of Volgorechensk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of oblast significance of Volgorechensk is incorporated as Volgorechensk Urban Okrug.

</doc>
<doc id="9807606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807606" title="Tauno Marttinen">
Tauno Marttinen

Tauno Marttinen (27 September 1912 – 18 July 2008) was a Finnish composer of contemporary classical music.
Born in Helsinki, Marttinen studied in Viipuri and Helsinki. His earliest works are mainly late romantic. His output includes ten symphonies, several concertos, operas and chamber music, among others. In 1965, Marttinen was awarded a Pro Finlandia medal.
Marttinen was named a professor by the president Urho Kekkonen in 1972. A long-time resident of Hämeenlinna, the composer spent his last years in Turenki.
The only worldwide Foundation "Tauno Marttisen Kunniaksi" (Foundation in honouring Tauno Marttinen) is situated in The Netherlands, with Leeuwarden as residence.

</doc>
<doc id="9807609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807609" title="Political positions of Mike Gravel">
Political positions of Mike Gravel

Mike Gravel is a former United States Senator who previously sought nomination from the Democratic Party and Libertarian Party for the office of President of the United States of America during the United States presidential election of 2008.
Economic policy.
Taxation.
Senator Gravel supports the FairTax proposal that calls for eliminating the Internal Revenue Service and the income tax and replacing it with a progressive national sales tax of between tax inclusive 19 and 23 percent on newly manufactured items and services. As compensation for necessities, such as food, there would be a “prebate” to untax households up to the poverty level. He calculates that an average family of three that lives below the poverty level would receive an additional $3,000 a year.
National health care.
In his campaign pronouncements Senator Gravel has identified medicine and medical technology costs as 'one of the leading causes of bankruptcies'. He is an advocate for a 'universal healthcare system that provides equal medical services to all citizens, paid for by a retail sales tax (a portion of the Progressive Fair tax).' Citizens would pay nothing for health benefits.
He proposes a National Health Care Voucher plan. Using vouchers paid for by the government, patients would be free to choose their own doctor.
Social security.
Senator Gravel has recorded his call for Congress to 'stop raiding the Social Security Trust Fund'. He proposes identifying the interests of individual beneficiaries so they can leave their surplus funds to their heirs.
Veterans affairs.
Senator Gravel proposes to index veteran health care entitlements to take full account of increases in the costs of care and medicine. He has said that he would make permanent the 100 percent disability ratings of those diagnosed as suffering from Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
He has pledged that he would fully fund and resource the Veterans Administration. Gravel would ensure that veterans receive full and unambiguous funding for their most important needs, including aforementioned treatment for post traumatic stress disorder.
Energy, environment and climate change.
Senator Gravel has advocated that carbon energy should be taxed to provide the funding for a global effort to bring together the world's scientific and engineering communities to develop energy alternatives to significantly reduce the world’s energy dependence on carbon.
Gravel believes that global climate change is a matter of national security and survivability of the planet. He supports swift action to reduce America's carbon footprint in the world by initiating legislation to tax carbon at the source and cap carbon emissions. He would also initiate a massive scientific effort, integrating the world's scientific and engineering community, to end energy dependence on oil and integrate the world's scientific community in this task.
Net Neutrality.
Gravel supports a free and open Internet with unlimited access to all sites regardless of content. He supports legislation and regulation that keeps citizens in control of their internet usage and promotes free speech.
Foreign policy.
International relations.
The Senator's October 2006 speech to the New Hampshire Institute of Politics entitled "Stepping Back From Imperialism: Redirecting American Foreign Policy", revealed his analysis of pressing domestic and foreign policy issues and the policies he would address if elected President. Prominent within that was his categorical expression of the desire to effect the immediate termination of United States military involvement in Iraq and the withdrawal of all remaining US military personnel from that country.
His remarks could otherwise be encapsulated as follows:
'The reality is, the United States is No. 1 only in weaponry, consumer spending, government and personal debt, in the number of people we have in prison and... in delusion.'
'The preeminent threat in the affairs of nations is nuclear proliferation. Sanctions (against nuclear states) do not work... are in most cases... immoral.'
'Take our troops out of Iraq immediately, and move aggressively toward a diplomatic solution bringing the United Nations, the European and Asian communities, and regional players... into a process to help end the civil war in Iraq and establish stability in the region.'
'The US (with allies, regional powers and the UN)... must sponsor direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority, "including Hamas"... with the goal of a two-state solution.. which would involve guaranteethe demilitarized borders of both parties, guarantee[ing Israel's right to survive... and making a commitment to the Palestinians to raise their economic standards to that of Israel.'
His specific foreign policy related proposals and initiatives are:
He is highly critical of the President and Bush Administration's public characterization of nations such as Iran, Syria, North Korea, Cuba, and Libya as members of an 'axis of evil'.
He has stated his firm opposition to the prospect of military confrontation with Iran.
Torture.
Senator Gravel has called upon Congress to pass legislation to outlaw the practice of torture against detainees of the Government and military. His 1 March 2007 media release states:“The Constitution is very clear that prisoners of war are the responsibility of the Congress. The Bush administration has unlawfully taken that power without Constitutional justification. The Congress has been derelict in its duty to see that enemy combatants are treated humanely within the guidelines of the Geneva Conventions, and has been equally neglectful in its response to the President’s unlawful use of torture.”
He has pledged that, if elected President, he would 'vanquish' the Military Commissions Act of 2006, by which the writ of habeas corpus has been suspended for aliens designated "unlawful combatants" and which he also claims to found authorization for CIA torture practices in overseas detention facilities.
9/11 Truth Movement.
In June 2008 Gravel spoke in support of an organization running a petition drive to get on the 2008 General Election ballot in New York City a referendum to create a Citizens' Commission with subpoena power to re-investigate the September 11, 2001 attacks. He said that President George W. Bush, Vice President Dick Cheney and former Central Intelligence Agency Director George Tenet and others should be subpoenaed.
Social policy.
LGBT issues.
In his February 2007 address to the Democratic National Committee Winter Conference, Gravel referred to the prospect of same-sex marriage in the following terms:"Since the Second World War, various political leaders have fostered fear in the American people - fear of communism, fear of terrorism, fear of immigrants, fear of people based on race and religion, "fears of gays and lesbians in love who just want to get married". Fear of people who are just different. It is fear that allows our political leaders to manipulate us all and to distort our national priorities."
Gravel's media release of 26 February 2007 explicitly stated his support of the full range of gay civil rights including same-sex marriage recognition, opposition to Don't ask, don't tell policy, extension of the scope and effect of hate crimes legislation to cover hate violence against gays and lesbians, and the removal of all other remaining legal discrimination against LGBT people.
Drug policy.
Senator Gravel has stated that drug abuse should be treated as a medical problem rather than a criminal matter.
In an interview with the Iowa Independent, Gravel was asked what his policy would be on cocaine and methamphetamine. He responded, "We need to legalize the regulation of drugs. The drug problem is a public health problem. It’s not a criminal problem. We make it a criminal problem because we treat people like criminals. You take a drug addict, you throw him in jail, you leave him there, and he learns the criminal trade so that when he gets out you have recidivism." He disparages the appropriateness of prosecuting what has been termed the 'war on drugs' and instead favors the decriminalization of minor drug offenses and increasing the availability and visibility of substance abuse treatment and prevention in prisons and in the free community.
He advocates legalizing marijuana so that it can be sold in stores next to alcohol. He also advocates eliminating mandatory minimum sentencing laws, particularly as they may apply to nonviolent drug offenders.
Prisons.
His campaign website notes the comparatively sizeable prison population and high rate of incarcerations in the United States. He disparages the appropriateness of prosecuting what has been termed the 'war on drugs' and instead favors the decriminalization of minor drug offenses and increasing the availability and visibility of substance abuse treatment and prevention in prisons and in the free community. He advocates the wider use of specialist drug courts through which addict offenders may be committed to supervised substance abuse treatment rather than punitive incarceration.
Stem cell research.
Senator Gravel in principle does not object to the use of embryonic stem cells for medical research purposes.
Abortion.
He is avowedly pro-choice on the issue of abortion and women's reproductive rights. In response to the April 2007 United States Supreme Court opinion in Gonzales v. Carhart affirming the legality of the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 2003, he issued the following statement to that end:
"I am opposed to today's ruling or any ruling that places restrictions on reproductive freedom. Today's decision authorizes federal intervention to prohibit a procedure that the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists has found at times to be medically necessary. Any decision on abortion should remain between a woman and her doctor. There is no room for interference from politicians and judges."
Online gambling.
Senator Gravel opposes any legislation that limits public access to participate in online gaming.
Campaign finance.
At the February 2007 Democratic Presidential Candidates Forum he has said that he is in favor of some degree of public financial assistance to the campaigns of Presidential candidates.
Immigration and NAFTA.
In remarks at the Carson City, Nevada, Democratic Presidential Candidates Forum of February 2007, Senator Gravel has said that he disfavors wholesale or widespread deportation of illegal immigrants found residing in the United States.
The campaign website declares that he favors a guest worker program and 'setting up naturalization procedures that would fairly bring existing illegal immigrants into legal status'.
He has described the North American Free Trade Agreement as 'a disaster for the working class of both the U.S .and Mexico' which 'has led to a wave of immigrant workers looking for work in the US job market'. His position statement speaks in favor of 'major structural changes... to NAFTA... reforming unfair trade policies'.
Capital punishment.
He declared himself an opponent of the death penalty in his book "Citizen Power", published in 1972.
Constitutional policy.
The National Initiative.
Senator Gravel proposes an Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and an accompanying Federal Law to bring about a means of citizen-initiated national lawmaking "in addition" to the existing means of lawmaking through the institutions of representative government (i.e., Congress and the President).
The 'Democracy Amendment' would:
1) amend the Constitution asserting the legislative powers of the people,
2) outlaw the use of monies not from natural persons in initiative elections,
3) create an Electoral Trust and define the role of its trustees,
4) legitimize national elections to vote on the enactment of federal laws arising from citizen-initiated legislative proposals ('national initiatives').
The 'Democracy Act' as a federal law would:1) set out deliberative legislative procedures to be used for initiative lawmaking by citizens,
2) define the powers of the Electoral Trust that administers the legislative procedures on behalf of citizenry,
3) define the electoral threshold that must be reached for 'national initiatives' to become law.
The authority for effecting such a constitutional reform, is proposed to derive from Article VII of the US Constitution.
Stance on impeachment.
The Senator approved the release of a statement on 13 February 2007 outlining his view that 'impeachment (of President Bush)... is, in this case, insufficient' and that he 'supports a congressional inquiry into whether or not (the President) has overstepped his authority and broken the law'.
Gun control.
His Presidential campaign website states that Senator Gravel 'fully supports the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution'. It also states that he advocates a licensing program whereby a potential gun owner must be licensed as well as properly trained with a firearm before s/he may own one.

</doc>
<doc id="9807620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807620" title="Software patents and free software">
Software patents and free software

Opposition to software patents is widespread in the free software community. In response, various mechanisms have been tried to defuse the perceived problem.
Positions from the community.
Community leaders such as Richard Stallman, Alan Cox, Bruce Perens, and Linus Torvalds and companies such as Red Hat, and MySQL, and community groups such as FSFE, IFSO, all believe that patents cause problems for free software.
Patent licensing.
Leading open-source figures and companies
Benefits of free software.
US patent attorney Dan Ravicher argues that free software's distributed development model which leads to fewer concentrations of wealth, plus free software's public benefit create economic and legal protections.
Problems for free software.
Free software projects cannot agree to patent licences that include any kind of per-copy fee. No matter how low the fee is, there is no way for a free software distributor to know how many copies are being made. Also, adding any requirements to pay or to notify someone each time a copy is made would make the software no longer free software.
A patent licence that is royalty-free, or provides a one-time worldwide payment is acceptable. Version 2 of the GNU General Public License does not allow software to be distributed if that software requires a patent licence that does not ""permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you"".
The 2004 OSRM study.
In 2004, Open Source Risk Management commissioned a patent study, carried out by Dan Ravicher. For this study, Ravicher performed patent searches to estimate the patent-risk of the Linux kernel:
In conclusion, he found that no court-validated software patent is
infringed by the Linux kernel. However, Ravicher also found 283 issued but
not yet court-validated software patents that, if upheld as valid by the
courts, could potentially be used to support patent claims against Linux.
Techniques for opposing patents.
Patent retaliation.
"Patent retaliation" clauses are included in several free software licences. The goal of these clauses is to create a penalty so as to discourage the licensee (the user/recipient of the software) from suing the licensor (the provider/author of the software) for patent infringement by terminating the licence upon the initiation of such a lawsuit.
The Free Software Foundation included a narrow patent retaliation clause in drafts 1 and 2 of version 3 of the GPL, however, this clause was removed in draft 3 as its enforceability and effectiveness was decided to be too dubious to be worth the added complexity.
Examples of broader clauses are those of the Apache License and the Mozilla Public License.
Patent pools.
In 2005, IBM, Novell, Philips, Red Hat, and Sony founded the Open Invention Network (OIN). OIN is a company that acquires patents and offers them royalty free "to any company, institution or individual that agrees not to assert its patents against the Linux operating system or certain Linux-related applications".
Novell donated the valuable Commerce One web services patents to OIN. These potentially threaten anyone who uses web services. OIN's founders intend for these patents to encourage others to join, and to discourage legal threats against Linux and Linux-related applications. Along with several other projects, Mono is listed as a covered project.
Lobbying for legislative change.
Movements have formed to lobby against the existence and enforceability of software patents. The earliest was the League for Programming Freedom in the USA. Probably the most successful was the anti-software-patent campaign in Europe that resulted in the rejection by the European Parliament of the Proposed directive on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions which, the free software community argues, would have made software patents enforceable in the European Union. A fledgling movement also exists in South Africa.
Promises from patent holders.
Some software companies who hold significant patent portfolios have made non-aggression pledges to the free software community. These have varied in scope and have received a variety of responses. IBM, Sun, and Nokia are three examples. These have been described by Richard Stallman as "significant", "not really anything", and "next to nothing", respectively.
Microsoft has pledged not to assert any claims against open source developers which CEO Steve Ballmer called "an important step and significant change in how we share information about our products and technologies." This pledge has been accepted with some skepticism.
Infringement claims.
Microsoft has claimed that free software such as OpenOffice.org and the Linux kernel violate 235 Microsoft patents and said that it will seek licence fees, but has so far failed to disclose which patents they may violate. However, the 2009 lawsuit against TomTom involved the use of Microsoft's patents for long filenames on FAT filesystems, the code for which is in the Linux kernel, not in any TomTom-developed software.
In January 2008, Trend Micro accused Barracuda Networks of patent infringement for distribution of the ClamAV anti-virus software.
Microsoft's patent deals.
In November 2006, a highly controversial agreement was made between Novell and Microsoft that included patent licensing. This led to much criticism of Novell by the free software community.
In June 2007, Xandros announced a similar deal.
On June 13, 2007, a deal was reached between Microsoft and Linspire. In return, Linspire would change its default search engine from Google to Live search.
Ubuntu founder and director Mark Shuttleworth has said that Ubuntu will not be making any such deal, as have Red Hat. These have been joined by a weaker statement from Mandriva that ""we don’t believe it is necessary for us to get protection from Microsoft"".
On October 2007, IP Innovation LLC, a company specialized in patent-protection, filed a suit for patent infringement against Red Hat and Novell. However, IP Innovation LLC is a subsidiary of a company classified by some as a patent troll, and commentators suspect a strong connection between this company and Microsoft. In 2010, IP Innovation lost the suit.
In December 2007, Microsoft granted the Samba project access to certain proprietary documents and must maintain a list of related patents for a one-time fee of 10,000 Euros. Microsoft was required to make this information available to competitors as part of the European Commission March 24, 2004 Decision pertaining to antitrust violations.

</doc>
<doc id="9807622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807622" title="Sonata Milušauskaitė">
Sonata Milušauskaitė

Sonata Milušauskaitė (born 31 August 1973 in Prienai, Kaunas) is a Lithuanian race walker.

</doc>
<doc id="9807626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807626" title="Katherine DeMille">
Katherine DeMille

Katherine DeMille (June 29, 1911 – April 27, 1995) was a Canadian-born American film actress.
She was born Katherine Paula Lester in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. She was orphaned as a child by the death of her father, an officer in the Canadian Army who died in World War I combat and the loss of her mother to tuberculosis in 1920. When she was nine years old, she was found in an orphanage and legally adopted by film director Cecil B. DeMille and his wife Constance. She first appeared as an uncredited "Zeppelin Reveler" in "Madame Satan" (1930), and made thirty film appearances until retiring in 1956.
Personal life.
DeMille married actor Anthony Quinn on October 3, 1937. They had five children: Christopher (1939-1941), Christina (born December 1, 1941), Catalina (born November 21, 1942), Duncan (born August 4, 1945), and Valentina (born December 26, 1952). Their first child, Christopher, was found drowned in the lily pond of W.C. Fields at age two.
DeMille accepted the 1953 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor on behalf of her husband, who was not present at the ceremony. They divorced in 1965 due to his extramarital relationships. 
Death.
Katherine DeMille died of Alzheimer's disease in Tucson, Arizona in 1995, at age 83. The disposition of her remains is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9807629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807629" title="1984 Danish 1st Division">
1984 Danish 1st Division

The 1984 Danish 1st Division season was the 39th season of the Danish 1st Division league championship, governed by the Danish Football Association. It constituted the 71st edition of the Danish football championship, and saw Vejle Boldklub win their fifth championship title.
The Danish champions qualified for the European Cup 1985-86 qualification, whilst the second placed team qualified for the qualification round of the UEFA Cup 1985-86. The three lowest placed teams of the tournament was directly relegated to the Danish 2nd Division for the following season. Likewise, the Danish 2nd Division champions and two first runners-up were promoted to the 1st Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9807634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807634" title="Xu Aihui">
Xu Aihui

Xu Aihui (born 25 April 1978 in Heilongjiang) is a Chinese race walker.
She finished thirteenth at the 2003 World Championships and eleventh at the 2004 World Race Walking Cup, the latter in a personal best time of 1:29:30 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="9807644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807644" title="Chernushka, Chernushinsky District, Perm Krai">
Chernushka, Chernushinsky District, Perm Krai

Chernushka () is a town and the administrative center of Chernushinsky District of Perm Krai, Russia, located in the south of the krai on the Bystry Tanyp River, which is south of Perm. Population: 
History.
Chernushka was first mentioned in 1858 as a village with four households that had existed since 1854. In 1869, the number of households increased to thirty-five.
The construction of the Kazan–Yekaterinburg railway during 1913–1920 played an important role in the development of the village. A settlement for the railway builders, which shared the same name, was established near the village. During the Civil War, the area of what is now Chernushinsky District saw heavy fighting along the railway and in the settlement itself.
In 1925, the administrative center of the district was transferred from Ryabki to Chernushka because Ryabky was too far from the railway. Consequently, the district itself was renamed Chernushinsky. However, the district's administration did not move to Chernushka until 1930.
The following years saw an increase of industrial construction. After World War II, Chernushka was granted work settlement status. The discovery of oil boosted Chernushka's development, as several oil plants were built in 1958. In 1966, Chernushka was granted town status.
Economy.
The town's economy is based on oil extraction and refining industry, the production of construction materials, and the food industry. It is a major transportation hub in southern Perm Krai.

</doc>
<doc id="9807646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807646" title="Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 2007">
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 2007

This is a list of the 108 members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 2007. All members elected at the assembly elections, held on 7 March 2007 are listed.
Composition of the Assembly.
Government coalition parties denoted with bullets (•)

</doc>
<doc id="9807649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807649" title="Kiyoto Kagawa">
Kiyoto Kagawa

, was a rear admiral in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography.
Kagawa was born in Hiroshima. He graduated from the 46th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, ranked 53rd out of 124 cadets. He served as midshipman on the cruiser , and as ensign on the cruiser and destroyers and . After his promotion to lieutenant, and tours of duty aboard the battleship and cruiser , Kagawa attended advanced navigational training courses at the Naval War College (Japan). On graduation and after promotion to lieutenant commander in 1930, he was assigned as chief navigator on a number of ships, including the cruisers and , and battleship "Fusō". He received his first command — the destroyer — on 16 November 1936. He then was captain of the destroyer and executive officer of the cruiser .
Kagawa was promoted to captain on 15 October 1941, and after a series of staff positions, was appointed commander of the 31st Destroyer Group (Desdiv 31) on 12 February 1943. Kagawa's group consisted of the destroyers (flagship), , , and . During the Battle of Cape St. George on 26 November 1943, "Onami" was sunk and Kagawa was killed in action. He was posthumously promoted to rear admiral.

</doc>
<doc id="9807657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807657" title="Pagale Vennela">
Pagale Vennela

Pagale Vennela is an 2007 Telugu movie that is directed by C.V.Reddi. Siva Balaji plays the lead role. The film released on 26 January 2007.
Music.
Music composed by Vandemataram Srinivas.

</doc>
<doc id="9807663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807663" title="Arthur Gore, 5th Earl of Arran">
Arthur Gore, 5th Earl of Arran

Arthur Saunders Gore, 5th Earl of Arran KP (6 January 1839 – 14 March 1901), known as Viscount Sudley from 1839 to 1884, was an Anglo-Irish peer and diplomat.
Early life.
Arran was the eldest son of Philip Yorke Gore, 4th Earl of Arran, and Elizabeth Marianne Napier, daughter of General Sir William Francis Patrick Napier, KCB. He was educated at Eton College, and subsequently entered the diplomatic service.
Diplomatic an public career.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Donegal in 1863.He was an Attaché at the British embassies in Hanover, Stuttgart, Lisbon and Paris as well as a Special Commissioner for Income Tax from 1865 to 1881 and a Commissioner of Customs from 1883 to 1884. In 1884 he succeeded his father as fifth Earl of Arran but as this was an Irish peerage it did not entitle him to a seat in the House of Lords. However, later the same year he was created Baron Sudley, of Castle Gore in the County of Mayo, in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, which gave him an automatic seat in the upper chamber of Parliament. He later served as Lord Lieutenant of County Mayo from 1889 to 1901 and was made a Knight of the Order of St Patrick in 1898.
Family.
Lord Arran married, firstly in 1865, Honourable Edith Elizabeth Henrietta Jocelyn (1845-1871), daughter of Robert Jocelyn, Viscount Jocelyn. They had one son and three daughters, before she died early in 1870. Among the children were:
Twenty years after his first wife´s death, Lord Arran re-married, in 1889, Winifred Ellen Reilly, daughter of John Reilly, and widow of the Hon. John Montagu Stopford. She was formerly a Lady-in-waiting to Princess Christian of Schleswig-Holstein. They had one daughter:
Lord Arran died in March 1901, aged 62, and was succeeded in his titles by his only son Arthur. Lady Arran died in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="9807679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807679" title="Happy Ever After (UK TV series)">
Happy Ever After (UK TV series)

Happy Ever After is a British sitcom starring Terry Scott and June Whitfield. It aired from 1974 to 1979 and was written by John T. Chapman, Eric Merriman, Christopher Bond, John Kane and Jon Watkins. After "Happy Ever After" ended Scott and Whitfield starred in "Terry and June" from 1979 to 1987, a sitcom that was much the same as "Happy Ever After", minus Aunt Lucy, with Terry and June`s surname changed from "Fletcher" to "Medford", and the characters shifted to Purley.
Plot.
Terry and June Fletcher are a middle-aged, middle-class couple who find themselves alone when their grown-up children, daughters Susan and Debbie, leave home. However, they are not alone for long as Aunt Lucy comes to live with them, along with her talking mynah bird. Terry frequently hits upon an idea, which due to his foolhardy and obsessive manner he then continues with whatever the consequences, while June remains patient and tolerant.

</doc>
<doc id="9807682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807682" title="Asarel Medet">
Asarel Medet

Asarel Medet () is an enormous copper extracting and processing factory located at 11 km to the northwest of the town of Panagyurishte in the Pazardzhik Province, Bulgaria. It consists of two main factories: Medet which operates from 1964 and Asarel which began operation in 1989. The number of employees has been greatly reduced since the 1990s from over 5,000 to 2,500.
It extracts over 10,5 million tons of copper ore every year and produces copper concentrate which is sold to the copper refineries at Pirdop. The ore also contains molybdenum, nickel, gold, silver. During the past several years some €40,000,000 have been invested in environmentally friendly technologies in order to preserve the nature of Sredna Gora in the area relatively untouched.

</doc>
<doc id="9807685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807685" title="Osa, Perm Krai">
Osa, Perm Krai

Osa () is a town and the administrative center of Osinsky District of Perm Krai, Russia, located on the left bank of the Kama River near its confluence with the Tulva, southwest of Perm. Population: 
History.
It was founded in 1591 (according to other sources—in 1596) as the "sloboda" of Novonikolskaya () and later became a fortress. In a 1623 document, the settlement is referred to as the "sloboda" of Osinskaya Nikolskaya (), in 1678—as the "sloboda" of Osinskaya (), in 1732—as the village ("selo") of Osa. It was granted town status in 1739. An important stage in development of town is a discovery of oil fields near Osa in 1960. Oil extraction started in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="9807687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807687" title="Et Dieu créa... Laflaque">
Et Dieu créa... Laflaque

Et Dieu créa... Laflaque is a satirical show on Quebec television that comments on current events by the favour of the show's main character, Gérard D. Laflaque, a stereotypical, family father and an announcer. Created by the cartoonist Serge Chapleau, he is broadcast on a weekly basis since 2004 by Télévision de Radio-Canada. There are currently seven seasons. Its title translates to "and God created...Laflaque" in English.
Description.
"Et Dieu créa... Laflaque" is a program that takes a stand on current affairs via its main character, typical family man and cheeky news anchor Gérard D. Laflaque. The brainchild of Montreal-based political cartoonist Serge Chapleau, the program has aired weekly since 2004 on Radio-Canada.
Concept.
Gérard D. Laflaque made his television debut in the early 1980s as a latex puppet. Nowadays, like the show’s other characters, he is created using CGI animation. His name was inspired by former minister and acting leader of the Quebec Liberal Party Gérard D. Levesque. The program follows two storylines. The first involves Laflaque’s family life with his wife Georgette, his son Marcel and his Asian girlfriend Laurence (a recent addition to the cast), his insufferable father Pépère (another recent addition), his dog Tarzan, and his next-door neighbour, a gay inventor named Edmond. A caricature of reporter Louise Cousineau recently joined the cast as a recurring character who owns a corner store. As part of the second storyline, we watch Laflaque pick apart the news of the day with no holds barred on a current affairs show accompanied by his cameramen Roger and Henri (recently replaced by a man who is part of numerous religions), his producer Paulo, the lovely Sarah-Laurie Joly, and the puppet Ti-Bas (another new arrival). Another recent arrival is a caricature of intellectual Denise Bombardier.
Laflaque regularly welcomes all kinds of guests, mostly caricatures of politicians including Paul Martin, Jean Charest, Stephen Harper, Gilles Duceppe, Jacques Parizeau, André Boisclair, George W. Bush, Guy Bertrand, Mario Dumont, Pauline Marois, Stéphane Dion, Michael Ignatieff, Jack Layton, Nicolas Sarkozy, Régis Labeaume and Denis Coderre. Christopher Hall made regular appearances to deliver reports and ask ridiculous questions to people in the streets, but stopped appearing since the season 3 for an unexplained reason.
Sometimes Segments unrelated to the news will appear in the "current affairs" part of the show, such as a cooking segment, the 'Petit Laflaque Illustre' which explains an everyday object in a ridiculous way, and 'Stade Trek' a Star Trek parody featuring the former political leaders cruising around the galaxy in Montreal's Olympic Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9807693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807693" title="Svetlana Tolstaya">
Svetlana Tolstaya

Svetlana Nikolayevna Tolstaya-Akimzhanova (; born 9 August 1971) is a Kazakh race walker. She was born in Almaty.

</doc>
<doc id="9807707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807707" title="Joachim Westphal (of Hamburg)">
Joachim Westphal (of Hamburg)

Joachim Westphal (born at Hamburg 1510 or at the beginning of 1511; died there 16 January 1574) was a German "Gnesio-Lutheran" theologian. From 1571 to 1574 he served as Superintendent of Hamburg (per pro already since 1562), presiding as spiritual leader over the Lutheran state church of the city-state.
He was educated in the school of the parish of St. Nicolai in his native city, then in Lüneburg, and entered the University of Wittenberg, where he became the pupil of Melanchthon and Luther. In 1532, on the recommendation of Melanchthon, he was appointed teacher at the Johanneum in his native city. In 1534 he returned to the University of Wittenberg, and in the following year removed with the university to Jena. After his return to Wittenberg in 1537 he lectured on philology. In 1541 he became preacher of the church of St. Catharine in Hamburg; then acting superintendent in 1562, and was elected Superintendent of Hamburg in 1571.
He is best known for his participation in the theological controversies of his time. He took part in that on the descent into hell, also in the discussion concerning the Leipzig Interim and in that over the Adiaphora. More important was that over the Lord's Supper. In 1552 he published "Farrago confusanearum et inter se dissidentium opinionum de coena Domini, ex Sacramentariorum libris congesta", a warning against those who deny the presence of Christ in the Lord's Supper. He points out to the adherents of Luther the alarming progress which the sacramentarians had made and tries to prove the falsity of their doctrine by its diversity. In 1553 he issued "Recta fides de coena Domini", an exegetical discussion of 1 Cor. 11 and the Words of Institution; in 1555 "Collectanea sententiarum D. Aurelii Augustini de coena Domini" and "Fides Cyrilli episcopi Alexandriae de praesentia corporis et sanguinis Christi".
Calvin answered in January 1555, with his "Defensio sanae et orthodoxae doctrinae de sacramentis". Thus there was opened a controversy which involved on the side of the Reformed Lasco, Bullinger, Ochino, Valerandus Polanus, Beza, and Bibliander; on the side of the Lutherans Timann, Paul von Eitzen, Schnepff, E. Alberus, Gallus, Flacius, Judex, Brenz, and Andreä. Westphal replied to Calvin in "Adversus cuiusdam sacramentarii falsam criminationem iusta defensio, in qua et eucharistiae causa agitur" (1555), to which Calvin answered in "Secunda defensio piae et orthodoxae de sacramentis fidei" (1556), which was an attempt to draw to his side the Philippists of Saxony and Lower Germany.
Other works of Westphal occasioned by this controversy are: "Epistola Joachimi Westphali, qua breviter respondet ad convicia J. Calvini" (1556); "Confessio fidei de eucharistiae sacramento, in qua ministri ecclesiarum Saxoniae...astruunt corporis et sanguinis D. n. J. Christi praesentiam in coena sancta, et de libro Calvini ipsis dedicato respondent" (Magdeburg, 1557); "Justa defensio adversus insignia mendacia J. a Lasco, quae in epistola ad Poloniae regem contra Saxonicas ecclesias sparsit" (1557); "Apologetica scripta Johannis Westphali, quibus et sanam doctrinam de eucharistia defendit et foedissimas calumnias sacramentariorum diluit" (1558); "Confutatio aliquot enormium mendaciorum Johannis Calvini" (1558); "Apologia confessionis de Coena Domini" (1558). This book contains a chapter "De adoratione Christi in Eucharistia", where he defends elevation and use of bell during consecration.

</doc>
<doc id="9807713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807713" title="Aadhi Lakshmi">
Aadhi Lakshmi

Aadhi Lakshmi is an 2006 Telugu movie that is directed by Y.Suresh. Srikanth and Vadde Naveen plays the lead role. The film released on 8 December 2006.
Music.
Music composed by Chakri.

</doc>
<doc id="9807715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807715" title="NBA territorial pick">
NBA territorial pick

A territorial pick was a type of special draft choice used in the Basketball Association of America (BAA) draft in 1949 and in the National Basketball Association (NBA) draft after 1950, the year in which the BAA was renamed the NBA. In the draft, NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players. Territorial picks were eliminated when the draft system was revamped in 1966.
In the first 20 years of the BAA/NBA, the league was still trying to gain the support of fans who lived in or near the team's home market. To achieve this, the league introduced the territorial pick rule to help teams acquire popular players from colleges in their area who would presumably have strong local support. Before the draft, a team could forfeit its first-round draft pick and then select any player from within a 50-mile radius of its home arena. Although the territorial picks were selected before the draft, these picks were not factored into the overall selection count of the draft; therefore, the first non-territorial pick of the draft was considered the first overall pick.
Of the 23 territorial picks, 11 players have been inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Tom Heinsohn, Wilt Chamberlain, Oscar Robertson and Jerry Lucas are the only four territorial picks who won the Rookie of the Year Award. Chamberlain also won the Most Valuable Player Award in his rookie season. He went on to win the Most Valuable Player Award three more times in his career. Oscar Robertson is the only other territorial pick who has won the Most Valuable Player Award; he won it in the 1963–64 season. The Philadelphia Warriors had the most territorial picks, having selected six who attended a total of five colleges. The University of Cincinnati had the most players taken as a territorial pick; three Cincinnati players were selected using this method by the Cincinnati Royals. The 1965 NBA draft, the last draft in which the rule remained in effect, had the most territorial picks in a single draft with three. The 1953 draft also had three territorial picks. No territorial pick was selected in the 1954, 1957 and 1961 drafts.

</doc>
<doc id="9807722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807722" title="Péter Palotás">
Péter Palotás

Péter Palotás (27 June 1929 – 17 May 1967), also referred to as Péter Poteleczky and Palotás Péter, was a Hungarian footballer who played as a forward for MTK Hungária FC and Hungary. During the 1950s he was a fringe member of the legendary team known as the "Mighty Magyars" and played alongside the likes of Ferenc Puskás, Zoltán Czibor, Sándor Kocsis, Nándor Hidegkuti and József Bozsik. Palotás was an early pioneer of the "deep lying centre-forward" role and in 1955 he scored the first ever hat-trick in a European Cup game. In 1959 he was forced to retire as a player due to a heart condition. The same condition led to his premature death on 17 May 1967.
Club career.
Palotás spent all his playing career at MTK Hungária FC. However during this time, the club changed their name several times. In 1949, when Hungary became a communist state, MTK were taken over by the secret police, the ÁVH and subsequently the club became known as "Textiles SE". They then became "Bástya SE", then "Vörös Lobogó SE" and then finally back to MTK. Despite this turmoil, the 1950s proved a successful era for club and it was while at MTK that Palotás, together with Nándor Hidegkuti and coach Márton Bukovi, pioneered the "deep lying centre-forward" position. With a team that also included Mihály Lantos and József Zakariás, MTK and Palotás won three Hungarian League titles, a Hungarian Cup and a Mitropa Cup. In 1955, as "Vörös Lobogó SE", they also played in the first ever European Cup. On 7 September 1955 at the "Népstadion", Palotás scored a hat-trick as they beat RSC Anderlecht 6-3 in the first leg of the first round. This was the first ever hat-trick scored in a European Cup game. He scored again in the second-leg as "Vörös Lobogó SE" won 4-1. During the quarter-finals against Stade Reims he scored a further two goals as they lost 8-6 on aggregate and he finished the competition with a total of six goals scored.
National team.
Between 1950 and 1956, Palotás won 24 caps and scored 18 goals for Hungary. He scored twice on his debut on 24 September 1950 in a 12-0 win against Albania. In 1952 Palotás scored four goals as he helped Hungary become Olympic Champions. This included two in a 3-0 win against Italy on 21 July. He also played in the final against Yugoslavia on 2 August 1952. On 17 May 1953, he helped Hungary clinch the Central European International Cup when he played in a 3-0 win against Italy at the "Stadio Olimpico".
Although teammates at MTK, Palotás and Nándor Hidegkuti were rivals for a place in the national side. By 1953 Hidegkuti had established himself as the first choice "deep lying centre-forward" for Hungary and as a result Palotás missed out on the two prestige friendlies against England. He travelled to England for the first game but remained on the bench. Despite this setback he continued to play regularly for Hungary until 1956. During the 1954 FIFA World Cup he scored twice in the group stage 9-0 win against South Korea and also played in the semi-final against Uruguay. On 19 May 1955 he scored a hat-trick against Finland before playing his last game for Hungary on 9 June 1956 against Portugal.
Honours.
"Player"
Hungary
MTK/Textiles/Bástya/Vörös Lobogó

</doc>
<doc id="9807723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807723" title="Portuguese Rapid Reaction Brigade">
Portuguese Rapid Reaction Brigade

The "Brigada de Reacção Rápida" (Rapid Reaction Brigade), is a unit of the Portuguese Army which was known as "BAI - Brigada Aerotransportada Independente" (Independent Airborne Brigade) until 2006. Its different units are highly trained Airborne Light Infantry and Special Forces capable of responding to threats in any part of continental Portugal or any other Portuguese overseas territory with quick deployment by air, sea or land (with the support of the Air Force and/or the Navy when required). This brigade is the most requested by the Portuguese Government to fulfill international assignments due to its experience and multi-role capability.
Economic crisis forced the Portuguese Government to make budget cuts in the Armed Forces, and in June 2012 it was announced that the Portuguese Army was no longer going to receive the 10 NH-90 transport helicopters that would incorporate the "Unidade de Aviação Ligeira do Exército" (Army Light Aviation Unit). Thus, the Rapid Reaction Brigade still maintains its dependency for aerial transportation purposes from the Air Force. 
History.
In 1993, the "Corpo de Tropas Aerotransportadas" (Airborne Troops Corps), which was part of the Portuguese Air Force was disbanded and the Portuguese airborne forces were transferred to the Army. A new brigade was then created, the Independent Airborne Brigade (BAI) which included all airborne-capable forces in it. The Army also transferred to this brigade some heavier weapons like howitzers, thus giving the unit increased firepower, as well as creating an operational command named "Comando de Tropas Aerotransportadas" (Airborne Troops Command).
The Comandos Regiment was disbanded and the Comandos that had the Parachute Course were transferred to the new brigade. For more than 10 years the BAI kept serving the country in international missions, sending Paratroopers to several locations in Europe and East-Timor. In 2002 the Comandos were reactivated as an independent unit and were separated from the Paratroopers.
In 2006, a reorganization in the Portuguese Army occurred, renaming the brigade as "Brigada de Reacção Rápida" (Rapid Reaction Brigade) and adding special forces to it. These units were the Comandos and the Rangers, increasing the brigade size with two Comando companies and the Special Operations Forces but losing the 3rd Paratrooper Infantry Battalion (disbanded). Also this reformation had its costs since the 105mm howitzers were transferred to the Portuguese Intervention Brigade (thus losing its airborne capability) and the Airborne Troops Command was disbanded, putting the unit under the orders of the "Comando Operacional de Forças Terrestres" (Land Forces Operational Command) losing its autonomy from the rest of the Army.
Organization.
Paratroopers.
The Paratroopers are the heaviest troops on the brigade acting as airborne light infantry, used for conventional conflicts, with emphasis on airborne assaults. Paratrooper battalions contain units with heavy weapons and light vehicles for quick assaults and raids. Paratroopers are instructed at the Parachute Troops School, in Tancos, central Portugal. 
Special Operations Forces.
The Special Operations Forces are generally the first to arrive and the last to leave the operational area. They are the most autonomous unit of the brigade, able to infiltrate deep behind enemy lines. Not as heavily armed as the Commandos nor the Paratroopers, its units rely on stealth to complete their objectives. Since it is airborne-qualified it can be deployed by air, sea or land.
Special Operators are instructed at the Special Operations Troops Centre in Lamego, northern Portugal.
Comandos.
The Comandos are an elite light infantry unit capable of conducting several special operations missions, although they are mainly a rapid reaction force. They can be deployed by air, sea or land.
Commandos are instructed at the Commando Troops Center, in Serra da Carregueira, near the capital Lisbon.
International assignments.
Independent Airborne Brigade missions.
As the ancestor of the Rapid Reaction Brigade, the Independent Airborne Brigade made several missions to several different countries mainly in peacekeeping operations. Paratrooper Battalions were sent to Bosnia, East-Timor and Kosovo.
Afghanistan.
After the creation of the brigade, the unit was sent to Afghanistan. An entire Commando company was sent to the area (western provinces), suffering the first KIA of the Portuguese Armed Forces since the end of the Portuguese Colonial War, during a daytime patrol. The KIA Comando was 1st Sergeant Roma Pereira, mortally hit when an IED detonated his Humvee.
The Comandos were replaced by a company of Paratroopers who suffered no casualties while performing the mission. This company was yet again replaced by a second company of Comandos.
Bosnia.
In the beginning of 2007, the Portuguese Defense Minister decided to end the mission in Bosnia due to the lack of need of a military presence in the area. All units from the Rapid Reaction Brigade and from the Portuguese Mechanized Brigade present in the region withdrew.

</doc>
<doc id="9807726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807726" title="The Maximum Black EP">
The Maximum Black EP

The Maximum Black EP is an 11 track album by The Mooney Suzuki. It contains the 6 songs from the original EP and 5 unreleased bonus tracks. Some copies of the album come with a free sticker.

</doc>
<doc id="9807735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807735" title="Tyringe">
Tyringe

Tyringe is a locality situated in Hässleholm Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 4,658 inhabitants in 2010.
Administratively the place was made a municipal community ("municipalsamhälle") within the rural municipalities of Finja and Västra Torup in 1928. In Sweden, the term "municipalsamhälle" was previously used for certain localities, functioning as a "submunicipality" with certain regulations granted by the king and also in effect for towns. The local government reform of 1952 created "Tyringe Municipality" out of five former entities. The last four (among them Tyringe) of the once 240 "municipalsamhällen" were dissolved in 1971. The municipality was amalgamated with Hässleholm Municipality in 1974.
Tyringe was mentioned in writing (with exactly the same spelling as today) in 1530. The name has not been fully interpreted. 
By the 17th century, a more organized village center emerged around the village inn. It grew to an urban area after the inception of the railway between Hässleholm and Helsingborg in 1875, and at the turn of the 20th century, it became known as a popular vacation spa town for vacationers arriving to receive mineral cure treatments at the mineral spring. A sanatorium and several hotels and inns were built during this era, including the upscale Tyringe Kurhotell built in 1904.
In 1923, various metalworking industries were established in Tyringe, resulting in a population increase.
Tyringe Church was built in 1925. The architecture includes typical Scanian crow-step gables, and is modeled on Gumlösa Church, which was built in 1191. Since 2006, Tyringe church is no longer open to the public except for mass and various services; it is locked after having been burgled in March 2006, at which time the church's silver chalice, paten and chandeliers, among other things, were stolen. Since the 1990s, Scania has experienced a steady rise in crime. This has affected even smaller urban areas like Tyringe. 
Tyringe has two schools, the Tyre School and the Vedhygge School. The Tyre School accommodates pupils from the surrounding villages, including Röke, Finja, Matteröd and other smaller villages.
Sport & Leisure:
Tyr Hov sports centre is known throughout the country for the various training camps that are conducted there. 
Tyr Hov has the following amenities:
Ice Rink 
25m Swimming Pool including water flume, child’s play pool and outside play pool for summer use
Bowling Hall 
Sports Hall
Outdoor sports ground – Grass & gravel football pitches, and Athletics track
Jogging track – 1800m illuminated, 5K, 7K & 10K woodland routes, Also used for skiing in the winter

</doc>
<doc id="9807738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807738" title="The Miracle of Forgiveness">
The Miracle of Forgiveness

The Miracle of Forgiveness is a book written by Spencer W. Kimball while he was a member of Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He later became the church's president.
Originally published in 1969, the book discusses the issues of repentance and forgiveness through Jesus Christ in LDS theology. It is primarily written for an LDS audience. It is notable for its unusual bluntness about a range of activities that it brands as sinful, including:
Murder, adultery, theft, cursing, unholiness in masters, disobedience in servants, unfaithfulness, improvidence, hatred of God, disobedience to husbands, lack of natural affection, high-mindedness, flattery, lustfulness, infidelity, indiscretion, backbiting, whispering, lack of truth, striking, brawling, quarrelsomeness, unthankfulness, inhospitality, deceitfulness, irreverence, boasting, arrogance, pride, double-tongued talk, profanity, slander, corruptness, thievery, embezzlement, despoiling, covenant-breaking, incontinence, filthiness, ignobleness, filthy communications, impurity, foolishness, slothfulness, impatience, lack of understanding, unmercifulness, idolatry, blasphemy, denial of the Holy Ghost, Sabbath breaking, envy, jealousy, malice, maligning, vengefulness, implacability, bitterness, clamor, spite, defiling, reviling, evil speaking, provoking, greediness for filthy lucre, disobedience to parents, anger, hate, covetousness, bearing false witness, inventing evil things, fleshliness, heresy, presumptuousness, abomination, insatiable appetite, instability, ignorance, self-will, speaking evil of dignitaries, becoming a stumbling block; and in our modern language, masturbation, petting, fornication, adultery, homosexuality; and every sex perversion, every hidden and secret sin and all unholy and impure practices.
Kimball defines repentance as the perfect, successful abandonment of sin, through the following actions:
"Trying is not sufficient. Nor is repentance complete when one merely tries to abandon sin," Kimball writes. The objective of repentance, he writes, is to obtain "perfection" as a prerequisite for achieving "immortality and eternal life. ... This progress toward eternal life is a matter of achieving perfection. Living all the commandments guarantees total forgiveness of sins and assures one of exaltation through that perfection which comes by complying with the formula the Lord gave us. ... Being perfect means to triumph over sin."
Reputation in Mormonism.
According to Kimball's son, Edward, "he book filled a need, as evidenced by the printing of half a million copies in English and sixteen other languages between its publication in 1969 and his death in 1985 ... By 1998 the total in all languages was roughly estimated at 1.6 million copies."
This book has received numerous accolades from LDS Church authorities. Ezra Taft Benson, who succeeded Kimball as president of the church, urged all church members "to read and reread President Spencer W. Kimball's book." More recently, LDS Church apostle Richard G. Scott called it a "masterly work."
Although Mormon missionaries used to be encouraged to read the book, it is no longer part of the "approved missionary library."

</doc>
<doc id="9807753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807753" title="Snooker season 1996/1997">
Snooker season 1996/1997

The snooker season 1996/1997 was a series of snooker tournaments played during the years 1996 and 1997. The following table outlines the results of the finals for ranking events and the invitational events.
__TOC__
Official rankings.
The top 16 of the world rankings, these players automatically played in the final rounds of the world ranking events and were invited for the Masters.

</doc>
<doc id="9807755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807755" title="STB – ACS (International) Jakarta">
STB – ACS (International) Jakarta

STB – ACS (International) Jakarta (ACS (International) Jakarta) is a Methodist school in Jakarta, Indonesia and is currently the newest of the Anglo-Chinese Schools (ACS). It was started in 1996 as Sekolah Tiara Bangsa (STB) and entered into a partnership with ACS in 2002 and was formally invited to become an overseas unit of ACS. Like its counterpart, ACS (International) Singapore, ACS (International) Jakarta also offers the International Baccalaureate programme. The decision to unite with ACS coincided with the school's move from its old campus in Cibubur to Cilangkap.
The school is co-educational and currently has over 800 students in 4 sections:
The current executive principal is Mr Ng Eng Chin (from Jan 2008).
Programmes.
At the current moment (2014), the school takes in boys and girls from nursery to grade 12 (3 – 18 years old). Students sit for the Cambridge Primary Checkpoint Test at the end of Grade 6, the Cambridge International General Certificate of Secondary Education at the end of grade 10 and the International Baccalaureate Diploma at the end of grade 12.
Facilities.
The school has
All facilities (except the sports ones) are fully air-conditioned.
Co-curricular activities.
As an ACS school, ACS (International) Jakarta believes in an all-round education and aside from the educational programmes, also has a wide range of co-curricular activities.
Among others, the school offers as co-curricular activities:
Principals.
As Sekolah Tiara Bangsa
As STB-ACS (International) Jakarta

</doc>
<doc id="9807763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807763" title="Scott Paterson">
Scott Paterson

Scott Paterson (born 13 May 1972 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a defender for a number of British clubs. He is assistant manager at Partick Thistle.
Career.
A product of the Scottish Highland Football League, Paterson began his professional career with his local Senior Club, Cove Rangers F.C. of the Scottish Highland Football League before winning a £15,000 move to Graeme Souness's Liverpool in March 1992. After two full seasons at Anfield, Paterson spent four years with Bristol City, before embarking on a series of moves around Britain which saw him spend no more than a season at any one club, and which included a short stint between Carlisle United and Plymouth Argyle, back in the Highland Football League with Huntly FC, where his older brother was centre half at the time. Between 2001 and 2003, Paterson managed 68 league games for Partick Thistle, which won a move to Dundee United. Although his length of time at Tannadice was similar, Paterson was injured in his second match for the club and spent almost his entire time injured, appearing briefly in the final match of the 2004–05 season. Further short spells in Scotland followed, before Paterson returned to his first, and home town 
club, Cove Rangers F. C. who play just outside the City of Aberdeen, and back in the Highland Football League at the start of 2006–07. Paterson went on to be a youth coach at Aberdeen before linking up with former Dundee United colleague Gary Bollan at Livingston in September 2009.
On 30 January 2013 he was appointed interim assistant manager, alongside Alan Archibald, at Partick Thistle.

</doc>
<doc id="9807770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807770" title="Philippine municipal elections, 1895">
Philippine municipal elections, 1895

The first Philippine municipal elections were in 1895. 
In 1893, the Maura Law was passed to reorganize town governments with the aim of making them more effective and autonomous. The law changed the title of chief executive of the town from "gobernadorcillo" to "capitan municipal" effective 1895. Municipal elections were held for municipal posts throughout the Philippine Archipelago on January 1, 1895. 
Famous lawyers and doctors including the rich and the wealthy, political families were elected. Emilio Aguinaldo was elected as "capitan municipal" in his town of Kawit, Cavite.

</doc>
<doc id="9807774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807774" title="Building Design Partnership">
Building Design Partnership

BDP, formerly known as Building Design Partnership, is a firm of architects and engineers employing over 800 staff in the UK and internationally.
History.
Foundation.
The firm was founded in 1961 by George Grenfell-Baines with architects Bill White and John Wilkinson, quantity surveyor Arnold Towler and eight associate partners: Brian & Derek Cobb, Keith Ingham, Peter Renninson, David Rock, Lorrie Rossant, N Keith Scott and Sid Tasker. The associates were made full equity partners in 1964. Grenfell-Baines was the first chairman.
BDP was the end result of a series of experiments in profit sharing and multidisciplinary working begun by Grenfell-Baines in 1941 with the Grenfell Baines Group. A 1962 policy statement committed BDP to “the principle of equal status for all professions”. The firm expanded rapidly over the following decades and had 30 partners and 700 staff by the time of Grenfell-Baines’s retirement in 1974.
BDP’s principal offices, inherited from Grenfell Baines & Hargreaves, were in London, Manchester and Preston. By 1970, there were branch offices in Belfast, Glasgow and Guildford plus international offices in Memphis, Rome and Johannesburg.
Limited Company.
BDP ceased to be a partnership in 1997 and is now a limited company.

</doc>
<doc id="9807782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807782" title="Princess Elisabeth of Savoy">
Princess Elisabeth of Savoy

Elisabeth of Savoy (Maria Francesca Elisabetta Carlotta Giuseppina; 13 April 1800 – 25 December 1856) was a Princess of Savoy and the aunt and mother-in-law of Vittorio Emanuele II, the first king of a united Italy.
Family.
Maria Francesca Elisabetta Carlotta Giuseppina was born in Paris to Charles Emmanuel, Prince of Carignano (1770–1800), and Maria Cristina of Saxony (1770–1851), herself granddaughter of Augustus III of Poland. She had an elder brother, Charles Albert, future King of Sardinia.
Marriage and children.
On 28 May 1820 she was married in Prague to Archduke Rainer of Austria, Viceroy of the Kingdom of Lombardy-Venetia.
With Rainer she had eight children: 
Elisabeth died in Bolzano on Christmas Day, 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="9807783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807783" title="Yuan Yufang">
Yuan Yufang

Yuan Yufang (born 1 February 1976 in Beijing, PR China) is a Malaysian race walker.

</doc>
<doc id="9807784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807784" title="Bristol Odin">
Bristol Odin

The Bristol Odin is a ramjet engine originally developed by Bristol Siddeley Engines, later taken over by Rolls-Royce. Odin was specifically designed to power the Sea Dart missile. Unlike the earlier Thor ramjet powering the Bristol Bloodhound missile, Odin is an integral part of the Sea Dart airframe. A biconic intake at the front of the missile transfers air, via a transfer duct, to the ramjet combustor, which is located towards the rear of the missile. Thrust is provided by the combustion products exiting the engine at high velocity, via a fixed area ratio convergent-divergent nozzle. The only significant moving part in the engine is the turbopump. This extracts 'ram' air in the transfer duct to drive an air-turbine, which is connected to the fuel pump. The air exiting the turbine is dumped overboard.

</doc>
<doc id="9807791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807791" title="Afterfeast">
Afterfeast

An Afterfeast is a period of celebration attached to one of the Great Feasts celebrated by the Orthodox Christian and Eastern Catholic Churches (somewhat analogous to what in the West would be called an Octave). 
The celebration of the Great Feasts of the church year are extended for a number of days, depending upon the particular Feast. Each day of an Afterfeast will have particular hymns assigned to it, continuing the theme of the Feast being celebrated. At each of the divine services during an Afterfeast, the troparion and kontakion of the feast are read or chanted. The canon of the feast will usually be chanted on every day of the Afterfeast (if two canons were chanted on the day of the feast, they will be alternated on the days of the afterfeast). Some of the Great Feasts of the Lord will have a special canon composed of only three odes, called a "Triode", which will be chanted at Compline on each day of the Afterfeast. 
Most of these Great Feasts also have a day or more of preparation called a Forefeast (those Feasts that are on the moveable Paschal Cycle do not have Forefeasts). Forefeasts and Afterfeasts will affect the structure of the services during the Canonical Hours.
The last day of an Afterfeast is called the Apodosis ("leave-taking", lit. "giving-back") of the Feast. On the Apodosis, most of the hymns that were chanted on the first day of the Feast are repeated. On the Apodosis of Feasts of the Theotokos, the Epistle and Gospel from the day of the Feast are repeated again at the Divine Liturgy.
The Forefeasts and Afterfeasts break down as follows:
Four of these Afterfeasts have a special commemoration on the day following the Feast, called a Synaxis. In this context, a Synaxis commemorates a saint who is intimately bound up with the Feast being celebrated. The four Synaxes are:
Other Great Feasts that have Afterfeasts (although no Forefeasts) are: 
Each of these three has only 1 day of Afterfeast, and no Apodosis. These are not counted among the Twelve Great Feasts (i.e., Great Feasts of the Lord or Theotokos).
Even though the Patronal Feast of a parish church or monastery is treated as a Great Feast, it has no Forefeast or Afterfeast.
The Feast of the Procession of the Cross (August 1), though it is not counted as a Great Feast, has one day of Forefeast, and no Afterfeast.

</doc>
<doc id="9807792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807792" title="List of women's presses">
List of women's presses

This is a list of publishers dedicated either wholly or to a significant degree to publishing material written for, by, or about women. Many of them started during the "second wave" of feminism. The focus of this list is not on publishers which market to women, but on publishers who have a stated commitment to publishing feminist and other women's studies texts.
List of women's presses, with city, state or country location, and the year of their founding.

</doc>
<doc id="9807796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807796" title="Margot Klestil-Löffler">
Margot Klestil-Löffler

Margot Klestil-Löffler (born 4 March 1954) is an Austrian diplomat and the widow of Thomas Klestil, the former federal president of Austria. Her parents, Karl Löffler and Gerda Löffler, were farmers.
Margot Löffler was born in Dobersberg, Lower Austria. After her diplomatic career in Moscow and Bangkok, she joined Thomas Klestil's office, who was by that time general secretary in the Austrian ministry of foreign affairs. When Thomas Klestil ran for the presidency in 1992, she was managing his election campaign.
During his first term of office, it became public that they had a love affair. Thomas Klestil divorced his first wife Edith and married Margot Löffler on 23 December 1998. She became the country's first lady, but continued her job in the foreign ministry, which led to the strange situation that she was ranking higher than her former boss, foreign minister Benita Ferrero-Waldner, on state visits or other official occasions.
When Thomas Klestil died in office on 6 July 2004, both his wives attended the funeral service held in St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna. The Roman Catholic Archbishop of Vienna, Cardinal Christoph Schönborn, brusqued Klestil's second wife by welcoming Edith first.
After her husband's death on 6 July 2004, she was appointed Austrian ambassador to the Czech Republic. Since December 2009, she has been Austrian ambassador to the Russian Federation.
Klestil-Löffler made headlines during the 2014 Sochi winter games when she tried to take a family of Puppies from America's silver medalist Gus Kenworthy. 
Mrs Klestil-Löffler speaks German, English, French, Russian and Czech.

</doc>
<doc id="9807797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807797" title="Strähl">
Strähl

Strähl is a 2004 Swiss film directed by Manuel Flurin Hendry. The plot takes place in Zürich, at the notorious Langstrasse.
Plot.
Lonesome and medicament addict narcotics detective Herbert Strähl (Roeland Wiesnekker), who hardly can handle his own life, wants to clean up the Langstrasse area. Strähl often watches Berisha (Adem Kicai), the head of a drug trafficking ring, leaving his limousine and entering a dubious building, but he isn’t able to arrest him, due to the lacking of an evidence (Berisha never touches the drugs by himself).
Strähl, who hides his depression and craving for love behind rage, clamor and stimulant drugs, has arguments with his chief Brunner (Max Rüdlinger) and with his co-workers, e.g. with Ruedi Lautenschlager (Mike Müller), who is rather dull and often visits brothels. When Beat (Raphael Clamer), a former member of the Seepolizei (Police unit on lake), joins the team, Strähl thinks, the new blood was too calm and not tough enough.
During a house search, a junkie named René Wehrli (Manuel Löwensberg) falls out of the window. Strähl gets suspended from police service. Moreover, René and his girlfiriend Carol “Caro” Hertig (Johanna Bantzer) blackmail Strähl for smart money. The drug addict couple buys a lot of articles in a kiosk, and Strähl has to pay for them (René also fills out a “Toto”-ticket (sports betting) there, and Strähl positively influences him doing it). Despite that, René doesn’t want to take back his inculpatory statement – René demands a huge amount of heroin from Strähl.
Strähl catches the dealer Beko (Nderim Hajrullahu), who is related to Berisha’s drug mafia, and presses him to cooperate. Beko shows a lot of hidden drugs to Strähl. Strähl uses a part of the drug depot's heroine to satisfy René. René, Caro and Strähl drive to the police station, where René wants to deny his statements to Strähl, while the others wait in the car. René stays in for a long time, and Strähl gets curious about what happened in the building. He goes in, too – and finds René dead in the restrooms.
Strähl and Caro smoke drugs on a foil at Strähl’s. Suddenly, the police enter the flat and find the heroin. The delinquents are escorted away in a car, but Strähl manages to open Caro’s door to let her escape (Her plastic-handcuffs can be cut off later).
Before René entered the police station he had given a roll of Smarties to Caro. It contained a 120'000 CHF winning “Toto”-ticket. Caro, on the run, now wants to encash the ticket as fast as possible. But the kiosk-woman isn’t allowed to pay out such a high amount of cash (the ticket has to be sent in). So Caro asks Beko, if he knew someone, who could exchange the ticket against cash within an hour. The mafia agrees (They offer 80’000 CHF) and the parties meet at a small park. The situation escalates and Caro throws a handgrenade (that René once took from a dead junkie). The grenade doesn’t go off.
Finally Strähl succeeds in arresting Berisha, thanks to a hint by new blood Beat – hiding a serious amount of confiscated drugs in Berisha’s trunk.

</doc>
<doc id="9807798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807798" title="Princess of Carignano">
Princess of Carignano

The Princess of Carignano was a woman married to the Prince of Carignano of the House of Savoy. The list ends with Charles Albert, in 1831, after he became King of Sardinia. But the Queens of Sardinia and later Italy used the title "Princess of Carignano" as part of their full title which included a lot of other titles.
The fief of Carignano had belonged to the Savoys since 1418, and the fact that it was part of Piedmont, only twenty km. south of Turin, meant that it could be a "princedom" for Thomas in name only, being endowed neither with independence nor revenues of substance. Instead of receiving a significant patrimony, Thomas was wed in 1625 to Marie de Bourbon, sister and co-heiress of Louis de Bourbon, comte de Soissons, who would be killed in 1641 while fomenting rebellion against Cardinal Richelieu.
Princess of Carignano.
"de jure".
As noted, the Principality was bought by Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon; as such the title was born by his Modenese wife; at his death to passed to his daughter by inheritance. The title was confiscated off Marie Adélaïde during the French Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="9807799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807799" title="Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura">
Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura

Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura (義経千本桜), or Yoshitsune and the Thousand Cherry Trees, is a Japanese play, one of the three most popular and famous in the Kabuki repertoire. Originally written in 1747 for the jōruri puppet theater by Takeda Izumo II, Miyoshi Shōraku and Namiki Senryū I, it was adapted to kabuki the following year.
Adapted to Kabuki, the play premiered in that mode in January 1748, in the city of Ise, in Mie Prefecture. Kataoka Nizaemon IV and Yamamoto Koheiji were two of the actors in this performance, playing Ginpei and Tadanobu/Genkurō respectively. The premiere in Edo was held at the Nakamura-za in May the same year, and in Osaka at the Naka no Shibai just a few months later in August.
The play is derived from the "sekai" of the "Heike Monogatari", a classical epic which details the rise and fall of the Taira clan of samurai. The latter portions describe the eventual defeat of the Taira in the Genpei War (1180–85), at the hands of the Minamoto clan, led by Minamoto no Yoshitsune, the title character of this play.
"Yoshitsune" takes place a few years after the end of the Genpei War. Minamoto no Yoshitsune, the famous general, is being pursued by agents of his brother, Minamoto no Yoritomo, who has recently established himself as Shogun. Yoshitsune travels with his mistress Shizuka and loyal retainer Benkei in search of three Taira generals who escaped justice at the end of the war, and who he believes may pose a threat to the shogunate. This aspect of the plot is the primary departure from both history and from the epic. In reality, the three generals Taira no Koremori, Taira no Tomomori, and Taira no Noritsune, along with the young Emperor Antoku and his nursemaid who feature in the play, all perished in the war, most of them sacrificing themselves in the battle of Dan-no-ura.
Plot.
The fullest version of "Yoshitsune" consists of fifteen scenes in five acts. Though this was originally intended to be performed across the better part of a day, modes of performance have changed, and the full version would today take twice that long, due to the style and speed of current forms of acting.
For this reason and others, Kabuki plays are almost never performed in their entirety today, and "Yoshitsune" is no exception. The fullest standard version of any play is called "tōshi kyōgen", which in the case of "Yoshitsune" consists of nine of the full fifteen scenes. However, again as is the case with most plays, individual scenes or elements of "Yoshitsune" may be performed alone as part of a day's program of other such bits and pieces. The first, second, and fourth scenes of Act One are the most rarely performed today.
The fundamental structure of the play is very much in keeping with that of Japanese traditional drama forms as a whole. The philosophy of "jo-ha-kyu" is employed throughout, as actions, scenes, acts, and the play as a whole begin slow ("jo"), then get faster ("ha"), and end quickly ("kyu"). Also, "Yoshitsune" follows the traditional five-act structure and the themes traditionally associated with particular acts. Act One begins calmly and auspiciously, including scenes at the Imperial Palace. Act Two features combat. Act Three is something of a "sewamono" insertion into the "jidaimono" tale, turning away from the affairs of warriors and politics to focus on the lives of commoners. Act Four is a "michiyuki" journey, metaphorically associated with a journey through hell. Act Five wraps up the plot quickly and returns to themes of auspiciousness.
The following plot summary is based on the full fifteen-scene version.
Act One.
The play opens at the Imperial Palace, where Yoshitsune and his faithful retainer, the warrior monk Benkei meet with Fujiwara no Tomokata, a court minister. They discuss the consequences of the battle of Yashima, and the fact that the bodies of several members of the Taira clan, who were supposed to have died in the battle, have not been found.
Tomokata also presents Yoshitsune with a drum, called "Hatsune", supposedly used several hundred years earlier by the Emperor Kammu, and thus a precious, rare, and powerful object. The minister describes the symbolism of this imperial gift, explaining that the two drumheads represent Yoshitsune and his brother Yoritomo. The Emperor orders that Yoshitsune strike at his brother, as he would strike the head of the drum.
The following scene introduces Wakaba no Naishi, wife of Taira no Koremori, and her young son Rokudai. The pair are explained to be in hiding in a monastic hermitage near the town of Saga, and enter along with a nun who has been sheltering them in her home. A man comes to the house and is soon revealed to be Kokingo Takesato, a Taira retainer. He explains, to their surprise, that Koremori still lives, and that he has come to escort the pair to be reunited with him. Another man then arrives, this one an agent of the Court, seeking the wanted Naishi and Rokudai. Kokingo, in his disguise as a wandering hat seller, along with the nun, attempts to discourage him and turn him away; though the Imperial agent sees through the ruse, Kokingo strikes the man with a wooden pole and makes his escape, along with his two wards.
Scene three takes place at Yoshitsune's mansion in the capital, where his mistress, Shizuka dances for Yoshitsune's wife Kyō no Kimi and his closest retainers. She expresses her apologies on behalf of Benkei, who made some uncouth and inappropriate remarks to the Imperial agents at the presentation of the drum. Though Benkei is portrayed as cool, collected, eloquent, and quite clever in other plays, in this one he is loud, obnoxious, and violent, leaping to action without thinking. A guard enters and informs the group of an impending attack upon the mansion by forces belonging to Yoritomo, and Benkei immediately leaps to face them, but is held back by Shizuka.
Yoshitsune discusses with Kawagoe Tarō Shigeyori, advisor to his brother Yoritomo, the circumstances surrounding the falling-out which has occurred between him and the shogun. He explains that he reported to his brother that several Taira generals, actually still at large, had been killed, in order to help ensure peace and stability for the new shogunate; he also explains that though he has received the Emperor's drum, he has not struck it, and has thus symbolically not acknowledged any intention to attack his brother. This situation resolved, Kawagoe announces that he will call off the attack on Yoshitsune's mansion, but before he is able to do so, the impetuous Benkei has already leapt into action and killed one of the shogunal commanders.
The act ends with Benkei's realization that Yoshitsune and Shizuka have fled. He presumes they have gone to Yoshino, and chases after them.
Act Two.
Act two opens at the Fushimi Inari Shrine, where Benkei catches up to Yoshitsune, Shizuka, and the four retainers. The group has fled the capital, seeking to escape retribution for Benkei's careless attack. The monk apologizes, and is forgiven by his lord, at the suggestion of Shizuka. However, Benkei then offers that since their journey will be long and dangerous, a lady such as her should not be subjected to such things and should be escorted back to the capital. She refuses, and in order to prevent her following them, or killing herself in grief, they tie her to a tree, along with the drum Hatsune, and leave her.
She is found by agents of the shogun, who cuts her free and tries to drag her away. Yoshitsune's retainer Tadanobu suddenly shows up and rescues her, in a flamboyant and vigorous swordfight. He is then commended by his lord, who bestows upon him his own (Yoshitsune's) suit of armor, and his name, Genkurō. The group then continue on their journey, leaving Tadanobu to escort Shizuka back to the capital.
The second scene takes place at the Tokaiya, a home near Daimotsu Bay where the commoner merchant Ginpei runs a shipping business, living with his wife Oryū and daughter Oyasu. Yoshitsune's party has made their lodgings here while they wait for good weather to continue their journey by boat. While talking to Oryū, Benkei steps over the sleeping Oyasu as he makes his way from the room; just at that moment, accompanied by dramatic drumming, he feels a pain in his leg.
Shortly after Benkei leaves, Sagami Gorō, a retainer of the shogunate, sent here to seek out and attack Yoshitsune, arrives. Not knowing that Yoshitsune is in that very home, Sagami demands of Oryū that he be provided a boat in order to pursue his quarry. She replies that their only boat is already promised to their other guests, and a small scuffle occurs between the two as the warrior accuses the woman of harboring Taira fugitives and seeks to enter the room where Yoshitsune and his retainers remain. Just then, the merchant Ginpei makes his first entrance, carrying an anchor over his shoulder, a strong symbolic reference to his true identity as the fugitive general Taira no Tomomori. He argues briefly with Sagami, and throws the warrior out of his house.
Ginpei is then introduced to his guests, who were taken in by Oryū while he was out, and immediately recognizes Yoshitsune. Introducing himself briefly, and expounding on his identity as a boatman and merchant, he then suggests that they set sail, despite the weather. As Yoshitsune and his retainers dress and prepare for the journey, Ginpei has an aside in which he dramatically reveals himself to the audience as the Taira general Tomomori.
Tomomori declares to the audience the story of faking his own death at Dan-no-ura and escaping with the young Emperor Antoku and his wet nurse Tsubone, living for the last several years as Ginpei, his daughter Oyasu and wife Oryū. He explains to Tsubone that he intends to kill Yoshitsune while out at sea, the rain and dark of night obscuring the battle. He heads out to the boat, as Tsubone and the Emperor change clothes, removing their disguises.
The battle is not seen on stage, but reflected through narration, the reactions of Tsubone, as she watches from the shore, and the report of Sagami Gorō, the shogunal officer who is revealed to have actually been in Tomomori's service. After some time, the clash is perceived to have ended with Tomomori's death. Tsubone takes the Emperor to the seashore, and prepares to have them both drown, sacrificing themselves. But they are pulled back by Yoshitsune as he returns to the shore, and assured of their safety; he has no intentions of capturing or killing the Emperor of Japan. Tomomori, not killed, returns just a few moments after Yoshitsune, and is appalled that his schemes have fallen apart so quickly and easily.
Tsubone kills herself, seeing that she cannot serve Tomomori any longer, and the general, recognizing the futility of his schemes, his failure to slay his enemies, and the doom wrought upon his entire clan by the evil actions of his father Taira no Kiyomori, throws himself into the sea, tied to an anchor.
Act Three.
Act Three opens as Wakaba no Naishi, her retainer Kokingo and son Rokudai pause at a tea shop along their journey to find her husband, Taira no Koremori. They sit down to rest, and a young man in traveling clothes, by the name of Gonta, joins them soon afterwards. He talks to them briefly, helps them get nuts from the tree, and then leaves, taking Kokingo's travelling pack instead of his own. Kokingo notices a few moments later, and Gonta returns, apologizing for his mistake. The two go through the contents of the baskets, to make sure the other hasn't stolen anything, but Gonta then claims that there's twenty "ryō" missing from his basket.
Gonta, attempting to swindle the samurai, accuses him of being a thief, and a battle very nearly breaks out. Though aggressive with words, he is no match for the samurai in a fight, and hides behind a bench while Kokingo only grows more angry and brandishes his sword. Naishi attempts to calm him down, but Gonta only eggs him on until, finally, the samurai pays him twenty "ryō" and leaves, along with Naishi and Rokudai.
Gonta is thus left alone with Kosen, the proprietess of the teahouse, who it turns out is his wife. She scolds him for being a swindler and a gambler; in his response, he explains his life story. The son of Yazaemon of the Tsurube sushi shop, he became a swindler, thief and gambler in order to support himself and his love for Kosen. Disowned and kicked out of his house, he struggled to earn money to buy Kosen out of indenture. Though he describes his intent to rob his mother that night, he is talked out of it by Kosen, and they return home.
The next scene focuses on Kokingo, Rokudai and Naishi, pursued by Imperial officers. Already wounded, Kokingo fights off one of the officers, Inokuma Dainoshin, and then sinks to the ground, exhausted. As Naishi weeps over him, he claims he cannot go on, and implores Naishi and her son to forget about him, and to continue on to see Koremori. He promises to follow them after he regains his strength. The pair leave him then, and exit, continuing on their journey. The warrior then dies, just as a group of townsmen, including the sushi shop owner Yazaemon, come upon him. After saying a prayer for the dead, Yazaemon cuts off Kokingo's head and takes it with him, returning home.
Yazaemon's sushi shop is the setting for the third scene, which opens with his daughter Osato and his wife preparing and selling sushi to visitors while they talk. A young man named Yasuke has been living with them for some time, and is due to be married to Osato as soon as Yazaemon returns. Yasuke enters with some sushi tubs, and talks briefly with the two women as they work, before they are interrupted by the arrival of Gonta, Osato's brother.
Gonta explains to his mother that he is leaving for good, to turn himself around and make something of his life, but asks for some money, claiming that he was robbed on the road on his way there. She places several silver "kanme" coins in a sushi tub for him and sends him off. Just then, Yazaemon returns; fearing that he should learn that his wife stole from the shop to give to Gonta, they hide the sushi tub among the others. Yazaemon then comes in, calls out for his family, and hides the head of Kokingo, wrapped in his cloak, in one of the other tubs.
Meeting up with Yasuke, Yazaemon then reveals to the audience Yasuke's identity as the general Taira no Koremori, father of Rokudai and husband of Naishi, who he came across in Kumano and took into his home. He explains to Koremori that he just came across Kajiwara no Kagetoki, an agent of the shogunate, who suspected him of harboring the general, and that for his safety he might flee the area.
As Osato and Yasuke (Koremori) lie on their wedding bed, preparing to consummate their relationship, he confesses to her not his true identity, but that he has a wife and child in another province, and asks that she release him from his pledge to marry her. By coincidence, the wandering Wakaba no Naishi then arrives at that same house, seeking lodging for the night. Koremori glances outside, realizes who they are, and welcomes them in. He attempts to explain his infidelity to his wife, his romance with Osato coming from a desire to repay Yazaemon for taking him in; Osato overhears, and bursts into sobs. She welcomes Rokudai and Naishi into her home, offering them the seats of honor, and explains her side of the story, asking for forgiveness from Naishi. She fell in love with this gentle man, she explains, whom her father brought home, not knowing that he was secretly a noble. Upset at Koremori's duplicity and at his leaving her, she weeps and is comforted by Naishi.
Word comes of the arrival of shogunal officers, and Koremori, his wife and child exit. Gonta arrives, then, declaring to Osato that he intends to turn over the three to the authorities in exchange for a reward. His sister begs him not to, and he grabs the sushi tub with the silver coins and flees after the three. 
Soldiers then appear, along with Kajiwara, and surround Yazaemon. They accuse him of lying to them, and harboring Koremori; but thinking quickly, he tells them that he's already had a change of heart and killed Koremori himself. He brings the men inside, and reaches for the sushi tub with Kokingo's head in it, but is stopped by his wife, who is thinking of the money she stole from him to give to Gonta. A shout is heard from outside, as Gonta returns with a woman and child, tied up and being dragged behind him. He explains to the soldiers that he has captured Rokudai and Naishi, and shows them the tub containing Kokingo's head, claiming it to be Koremori's. Kajiwara offers to spare Yazaemon's life in exchange for this deed, but Gonta, hoping to gain from this himself, declares that he wants monetary compensation; Kajiwara therefore gives him his cloak, which previously belonged to Yoritomo, and which would be symbolic of the reward owed him by the government.
As Kajiwara leads the prisoners away, Yazaemon finds the opportunity to viciously stab his son, bitter at Gonta's betrayal. Yazaemon curses his son as he aggravates the wound, but as he dies, Gonta explains to his father that his deceptions were for good intentions all along. He claims that he intended to give the silver to Koremori for traveling expenses. Knowing that his father intended to play off Kokingo's head as Koremori's, and knowing that the head was no longer in the house, he returned in order to rescue his father's plan, and his family therefore. He then reveals that the woman and child turned over were not Naishi and Rokudai but his own wife and child, Kosen and Zenta, who willingly and voluntarily sacrificed themselves to save the nobles.
Koremori, Naishi, and Rokudai then return, alive and safe, disguised as tea merchants. Koremori finds a poem on Yoritomo's cloak which indicates that something is inside it; cutting it open, he finds a Buddhist monk's robe. Seemingly, Kajiwara intended all along to spare Koremori, and granted him in this indirect way a disguise with which to safely escape.
Koremori cuts off his topknot, becomes a lay monk, and separates himself from both his families for the final time. Yazaemon offers to accompany Rokudai and Naishi, and Osato stays with her mother, loyally maintaining the home and the shop in her father's absence.
The act ends with Gonta's death, one of the most famous examples in Japanese traditional drama of the interference of the affairs of nobles and samurai into the lives of common people, and the death and destruction it brings.
Act Four.
The fourth act begins with a "michiyuki" dance scene, which follows Shizuka as she seeks to catch up with Yoshitsune and his party. The journey is narrated by an offstage narrator, in the bunraku style, and there is very little dialogue.
As she travels through the countryside, Shizuka decides to play the Hatsune Drum, in order to entice birds to follow her, not knowing the magical or metaphorical significance of the drum. As soon as she does so, a white fox emerges, romps across the stage and then disappears behind a low hill, from which emerges Tadanobu.
Placing the drum atop Yoshitsune's armor, granted Tadanobu in the second act, the two dance, their gestures and motions mimicking the actions of the narration. The narration indicates their desire to follow Yoshitsune to Yoshino, and then drifts into a retelling of the events of the battle of Dan-no-ura, ending with the pair's arrival at a Buddhist temple, the Zaō Hall in Yoshino.
After a very brief scene showing the pair's arrival, attention is shifted to Kawatsura Hōgen, head of the temple, who discusses with his fellow monks what stance they should take towards Yoshitsune. Several of the monks here are known to be enemies of Yoshitsune, and a letter has just arrived from the capital asking them to hunt him down. The monks discuss, and even those normally hostile to Yoshitsune decide that as monks it is their duty to aid people in need. Hōgen, however, even after admitting that he thinks Yoshitsune blameless, fires an arrow at a distant peak, smaller than its neighboring peak, and thus representing the younger brother (Yoshitsune). Thus he declares his stance alongside the shogunate, for the safety of the temple.
Hōgen encourages his monks to do what they think is right: to welcome Yoshitsune in and grant him asylum if he should arrive and request it. But he also assures them that he intends to kill the warrior should they do so. The monks interpret their master's words to mean that he is already harboring Yoshitsune, and that he intended to throw them off and prevent their interference; they decide to find and attack the warrior that night.
Hōgen returns to his mansion, where he is indeed harboring Yoshitsune, and declares to his wife that he has turned against his guest, and intends to stand with the shogunate. Yoshitsune speaks briefly with Hōgen, thanking him for his hospitality and aid, and is then informed that his retainer, Satō Tadanobu has arrived and wishes to speak with him. Tadanobu is asked by his lord about his stewardship of Shizuka and replies, confused, that he has been in his home province with his ailing mother since the end of the war, and has not seen Shizuka. Two of Yoshitsune's other retainers appear, pointing swords at Tadanobu and demanding an explanation when the temple's gatekeeper announces that Satō Tadanobu has arrived with Lady Shizuka.
Shizuka is reunited with her lord, but the Tadanobu who had been escorting her seems to vanish. The first Tadanobu explains to Shizuka that he has not been escorting her and has not seen her in some time; the other retainers confirm that this second Tadanobu is nowhere to be found in the building. She then notices that this Tadanobu is wearing somewhat different clothing, and comes upon the idea of beating the Hatsune Drum to summon her escort. She explains that the drum always attracted her escort, and made him behave strangely. The scene ends as she bangs the drum, and Tadanobu is taken away by Yoshitsune's retainers.
The final scene thus begins with Shizuka beating the drum, and a fox rushes into the room, becoming Tadanobu, who bows before her. Shizuka then suddenly pulls a sword and slashes at Tadanobu, who dodges the attack. Mesmerized by the drum, Tadanobu still manages to avoid continued attacks as Shizuka demands that he reveal his identity.
He then tells his story, revealing in the process that he is a kitsune, a fox spirit. The drum was made hundreds of years earlier from the skins of his parents, powerful kitsune whose magic was employed to bring rain. A costume quick-change transforms Tadanobu into his kitsune form, who explains that though he has lived a very long time and gained magical powers, he has been unable to ever care for his parents. Failing to fulfill acts of filial piety prevents him from gaining respect or status among the kitsune, and so for centuries he has sought out this drum. He was unable to get at the drum when it was kept in the imperial palace, he explains, since the palace is guarded against spirits by many gods (kami), but once it was removed from the palace and given to Yoshitsune, he saw his chance.
Shizuka and Yoshitsune speak to the fox for a time, and decide to grant him the drum. Thus released, he exits in grand style. Originally this would have been done through a particular style of dance called "kitsune roppo" (fox six-steps) along the "hanamichi" (the pathway that cuts through the audience from stage to the rear of the theatre). However, more recently it has become the practice, encouraged by Ichikawa Ennosuke III who often plays the fox Genkurō to exit by flying out over the audience, in a technique known as "chūnori" (riding the sky).
The real Tadanobu then offers to take his lord's place in facing the doom that awaits him at the hands of the monks. The kitsune's magic hampers the monk's schemes, and Kakuhan, the one monk who most strongly opposed the samurai lord, is revealed to be Taira no Noritsune, the third surviving Taira general, in disguise. Noritsune and Yoshitsune clash swords several times before Emperor Antoku appears from the next room. Noritsune, of course, bows low to his Emperor, and both explain how they survived their supposed deaths at the battle of Yashima, and came to be at this monastery. Noritsune then begins weeping, announcing his failure to his clan and to his Emperor.
Hōgen and two of Yoshitsune's retainers come in with bloody blades and holding the severed heads of the other monks who followed Noritsune. They seek to fight, but their hearts are calmed by the fox's magic, and Noritsune announces that he shall once again become Yokawa no Kakuhan, a loyal servant to the Emperor.
Act Five.
As is quite standard for Japanese traditional dramas, the final act is short, swift, and serves to wrap up any major loose plot threads. Here, it opens on a mountaintop, with Tadanobu, dressed as Yoshitsune, calling out a challenge to those who side with Yoritomo and the shogunate.
A number of warriors come at him, and he cuts them down. Noritsune then appears, as the monk Kakuhan, who claims to have foregone all his old grudges, and his warrior ways. Tadanobu declares his true identity to his foe, and the two clash in a complex choreographed fight scene. Finally, Noritsune pins his opponent to the ground, but a second Tadanobu rushes in and stabs the Taira general, the body below him disappearing and leaving only a suit of armor. Yoshitsune explains that they saw through Noritsune's promises of peace, and the fox Genkurō aided them in subduing him.
Kawagoe, an agent of the shogunate, then appears, along with Fujiwara no Tomokata, who he has tied up. He reveals that the Imperial order which came with the drum, ordering Yoshitsune to oppose his brother, along with that to exterminate the Taira clan, came not from the Emperor, but from the machinations of Tomokata. Hearing this, Noritsune kills the defenseless Tomokata, and then turns to Yoshitsune, challenging his foe to kill him. Yoshitsune states that Noritsune died long ago, that he has since become Kakuhan, and that it is to Tadanobu to kill him.
The play thus ends with the last of Yoshitsune's foes slain, and a return to the peace and auspiciousness with which the play began.

</doc>
<doc id="9807806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807806" title="Hoole railway station">
Hoole railway station

Hoole railway station was on the West Lancashire Railway in England. It was in the civil parish of Little Hoole about a mile from the village of Much Hoole.

</doc>
<doc id="9807828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807828" title="Rotor (mathematics)">
Rotor (mathematics)

A rotor is an object in geometric algebra that rotates any blade or general multivector about the origin. They are normally motivated by considering an even number of reflections, which generate rotations (see also the Cartan–Dieudonné theorem). 
Generation using reflections.
General formulation.
Reflections along a vector in geometric algebra may be represented as (minus) sandwiching a multivector "M" between a non-null vector "v" perpendicular to the hyperplane of reflection and that vector's inverse "v"−1:
and are of even grade. Under a rotation generated by the rotor "R", a general multivector "M" will transform double-sidedly as 
Restricted alternative formulation.
For a Euclidean space, it may be convenient to consider an alternative formulation, and some authors define the operation of reflection as (minus) the sandwiching of a "unit" (i.e. normalized) multivector:
forming rotors that are automatically normalised:
The derived rotor action is then expressed as a sandwich product with the reverse:
For a reflection for which the associated vector squares to a negative scalar, as may be the case with a pseudo-Euclidean space, such a vector can only be normalized up to the sign of its square, and additional bookkeeping of the sign of the application the rotor becomes necessary. The formulation in terms of the sandwich product with the inverse as above suffers no such shortcoming.
Rotations of multivectors and spinors.
However, though as multivectors rotors also transform double-sidedly, rotors can be combined and form a group, and so multiple rotors compose single-sidedly. The alternative formulation above is not self-normalizing and motivates the definition of spinor in geometric algebra as an object that transforms single-sidedly – i.e. spinors may be regarded as non-normalised rotors in which the reverse rather than the inverse is used in the sandwich product.
Homogeneous representation algebras.
In homogeneous representation algebras such as conformal geometric algebra, a rotor in the representation space corresponds to a rotation about an arbitrary point, a translation or possibly another transformation in the base space.

</doc>
<doc id="9807831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807831" title="Liver failure">
Liver failure

Liver failure is the inability of the liver to perform its normal synthetic and metabolic function as part of normal physiology. Two forms are recognised, acute and chronic.
Acute.
Acute liver failure is defined as "the rapid development of hepatocellular dysfunction, specifically coagulopathy and mental status changes (encephalopathy) in a patient without known prior liver disease".:1557
The diagnosis of acute liver failure is based on physical exam, laboratory findings, patient history, and past medical history to establish mental status changes, coagulopathy, rapidity of onset, and absence of known prior liver disease respectively.:1557
The exact definition of "rapid" is somewhat questionable, and different sub-divisions exist which are based on the time from onset of first hepatic symptoms to onset of encephalopathy. One scheme defines "acute hepatic failure" as the development of encephalopathy within 26 weeks of the onset of any hepatic symptoms. This is sub-divided into "fulminant hepatic failure", which requires onset of encephalopathy within 8 weeks, and "subfulminant", which describes onset of encephalopathy after 8 weeks but before 26 weeks. Another scheme defines "hyperacute" as onset within 7 days, "acute" as onset between 7 and 28 days, and "subacute" as onset between 28 days and 24 weeks.:1557
Chronic.
Chronic liver failure usually occurs in the context of cirrhosis, itself potentially the result of many possible causes, such as excessive alcohol intake, hepatitis B or C, autoimmune, hereditary and metabolic causes (such as iron or copper overload, Steatohepatitis or non-alcoholic fatty liver disease).

</doc>
<doc id="9807856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807856" title="Woodall, South Yorkshire">
Woodall, South Yorkshire

Woodall is a small hamlet in the civil parish of Harthill with Woodall situated in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham, South Yorkshire England. In the 2001 government census the parish as a whole had 1,909 inhabitants.
History.
A once tiny settlement consisting of but a few farms and barn buildings, over the 20th and 21st centuries the hamlet grew substantially and consequently is now a quiet residential area popular with commuters to the nearby town of Rotherham and the city of Sheffield. The growth was in part due to the opening of Kiveton Park coal pit in 1864, the slag heap of which can still clearly be seen to the North-East of the hamlet. The hamlet consists of two lanes, Dowcarr to the South and Walseker to the North, straddling the link road from High Moor, Killamarsh, to Harthill called Woodall Lane (occasionally Killamarsh Lane).
Amenities.
The hamlet has no amenities such as shops or pubs, instead inhabitants rely on the village of Harthill approximately one mile away, which has two pubs, a church, a junior school and a shopping precinct. Woodall does have several popular walks nearby including several through the local wood, Norwood, towards the village of Killamarsh and around the several ponds within the wood itself. With the village situated on a slight ridge the inhabitants also enjoy fantastic views over Sheffield (c.10–15 miles away) and to the hills of the Peak District beyond.
Woodall services.
Woodall is perhaps most famous for its motorway service area on the M1 motorway (Woodall services) and the hamlet itself is less than one mile from the carriageway.
Justin Wilson, the former Formula 1 and now ChampCar driver, comes from Woodall. It was allegedly hit by a V-2 rocket (most likely heading towards the steel factories of Sheffield) in the Second World War. A crater can be seen on a nearby hill, however reports are sketchy at best and must be viewed with some degree of scepticism.

</doc>
<doc id="9807862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807862" title="Fito Cabrales">
Fito Cabrales

Adolfo "Fito" Cabrales Mato (; October 6, 1966) is a Spanish songwriter, singer and guitarist.
Biography.
Adolfo "Fito" Cabrales, was born on 6 October 1966 in the Zabala neighbourhood in Bilbao, and spent part of his childhood and adolescence in Laredo, Cantabria, and Málaga. In his youth he worked as a barman in the brothel his father owned. In these early periods of his musical career he admits to having consumed drugs, although now he declares himself "clean".
In 1989 Fito joined Iñaki "Uoho" Antón, Juantxu "Mongol" Olano and Jesús "Maguila" García, raised also in Fito's neighborhood, and formed the group Platero y Tú. They recorded their first album in 1991, "Voy a acabar borracho" ("I will end up drunk"). During the 90s, Platero made a name in the Spanish rock scene, and formed links to other important artists such as La Polla Records (Evaristo has a collaboration in the song "Juliette"), Rosendo Mercado ("Sin solución") and, most prominently, the group Extremoduro, with whom they made a joint tour in 1996.
In 1998, and in parallel to Platero y Tú, the group Fito & Fitipaldis is formed, with the aim of publishing the songs that do not fit in the Platero repertoire. At first both groups coexisted without problems, but after Platero y Tú dissolved in 2001, Fito worked exclusively in his new group, obtaining an even greater success.
Fito is remarkable both in style and personality. He is thin and short (about 1.64 m and 50 kg), usually wears long sideboards and a shaven scalp. He is nearly always seen wearing a flat cap, which he used to give away after concerts (when he was with Platero y Tú.)
He currently lives in the town of Guernica, Biscay.
Influences.
Despite the differences between the Platero y Tú rock & roll, and the blues, soul and jazz mix of Fito & Fitipaldis, Fito has always sung of personal stories, often revolving around night-life, bars, drugs and women.
He refers to his time working in a brothel and other run-down areas of Bilbao in some of his songs: in the Platero y Tú album "Muy deficiente", there is a song devoted to the Cantalojas bridge, and a "girl of the Cortes" (a prostitute in the neighborhood by that name.)

</doc>
<doc id="9807892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807892" title="Donald Edmond Pelotte">
Donald Edmond Pelotte

Donald E. Pelotte SSS (April 13, 1945 – January 7, 2010) was the third Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Gallup, New Mexico. He was the first person of Native American descent to become a Catholic bishop in the United States; Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput, O.F.M. Cap., is the only active American diocesan bishop of Native American descent. He is also the only known Roman Catholic bishop to have ordained his own twin brother. Bishop Pelotte ordianed Father Dana F. Pelotte, SSS, to the priesthood, on September 4, 1999 in their childhood parish of Waterville, Maine.
Education.
Pelotte was born on April 13, 1945, in Waterville, Maine, to Norris Albert Pelotte and Margaret Yvonne LaBrie Pelotte. His father was a member of the Abenaki First Nations tribe and his mother was of French-Canadian (Québécois) descent. Donald and his twin brother Dana were the youngest of five brothers. He studied at Eymard Seminary in Hyde Park, New York during his high school years. He did his college studies John Carroll University in Cleveland, Ohio and later completed doctoral studies at Fordham University. His doctoral dissertation was entitled: "John Courtney Murray, Theologian in Conflict: Roman Catholicism and the American Experience". This was later published in book form by Paulist Press. 
At age 33, he became the Provincial Superior of the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament and was the youngest major superior of a religious community of men in the United States at the time. On February 24, 1986, he was named Coadjutor Bishop of Gallup and was consecrated on May 6, 1986. Upon the retirement of Jerome J. Hastrich, then Bishop of Gallup on March 31, 1990, Pelotte became the Third Bishop of Gallup. From 1986 to 2008, Pelotte also served as the Episcopal moderator of the Tekakwitha Conference, an association of Native American and First Nation Catholics.
Later life.
Bishop Pelotte was seriously injured in his Gallup home on July 23, 2007. His injuries included a traumatic brain injury. According to chancery officials and a police report, Pelotte insisted his injuries resulted from a fall down his home staircase; however, his aide speculated that he "looked like he'd been beat up" and that his injuries were more consistent with a brutal assault rather than with a fall down a carpeted stairwell.
On January 3, 2008, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Thomas J. Olmsted, Bishop of Phoenix, as apostolic administrator "sede plena" of the diocese of Gallup, and granted Pelotte a one year leave of absence to continue his recovery.
On April 30, 2008 Pope Benedict XVI accepted the resignation from the pastoral government of the Diocese of Gallup, presented by Pelotte, SSS, in accordance with canon 401 § 2 of the Code of Canon Law. Bishop Olmsted continued to govern the diocese as Apostolic Administrator until James S. Wall was appointed bishop of Gallup and took canonical possession of the Diocese on 23 April 2009.
On Monday, July 8, 2008, KRQE News 13 in Albuquerque and the Gallup Independent newspaper released the results of their investigation of the Pelotte case. Pictures that had not been previously released to the public suggested that the bishop suffered severe blows to the head and back. The station speculated that the injuries did not indicate a fall, but rather a possible beating. The police investigation was closed, though, having never been recalled. 
Pelotte was hospitalized in critical condition, with his relatives at his side, on December 30, 2009. He died on January 7, 2010. The Funeral Mass for Bishop Pelotte was held on Thursday, January 14, 2010, at the Sacred Heart Cathedral in Gallup. Per his wishes, he was buried in the crypt of the Cathedral. 

</doc>
<doc id="9807915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807915" title="Percy John Daniell">
Percy John Daniell

Percy John Daniell (9 January 1889 – 25 May 1946) was a pure and applied mathematician. In a series of papers published between 1918 and 1928, he developed and expanded a generalized theory of integration and differentiation, which is today known as the Daniell integral. In the setting of integration, he also worked on results that lead to the Daniell-Kolmogorov extension theorem in the theory of stochastic processes, independently of Andrey Kolmogorov. 
Daniell was born in Valparaiso, Chile. His family returned to England in 1895. Daniell attended King Edward's School, Birmingham and proceeded to Cambridge (where he was the last Senior Wrangler in 1909). At this time Daniell was an applied mathematician/theoretical physicist. For a year he lectured at the University of Liverpool and then he was appointed to the new Rice Institute in Houston, Texas. The Rice Institute had him spend a year at the University of Göttingen studying with Max Born and David Hilbert. Daniell was at Rice from 1914 to 1923 when he returned to England to a chair at the University of Sheffield. During World War II Daniell advised the British Ministry of Supply. The strain of work during the war took a heavy toll on his health. He died on 25 May 1946, after having collapsed at his home a few weeks earlier.
External links.
Aldrich, J. (2007) "But you have to remember P.J.Daniell of Sheffield" Electronic Journ@l for History of Probability and Statistics December 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9807919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807919" title="Breton mythology">
Breton mythology

Breton mythology is the mythology or corpus of explanatory and herioc tales originating in Brittany, now in France. Bretons were a subset of Celtic people that adopted Christianity. Celtic tradition predominates their mythology:

</doc>
<doc id="9807944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807944" title="The History of England from the Accession of James the Second">
The History of England from the Accession of James the Second

The History of England from the Accession of James the Second (1848) is the full title of the five-volume work by Lord Macaulay (1800–1859) more generally known as The History of England. It covers the 17-year period from 1685 to 1702, encompassing the reign of James II, the Glorious Revolution, the coregency of William and Mary, and up to William III's death.
Macaulay's approach to writing the "History" was innovative for his period. He consciously fused the picturesque, dramatic style of classical historians such as Thucydides and Tacitus with the learned and factual approach of his 18th century precursors such as Hume, following the plan laid out in his own earlier "Essay on History" (1828).
Reputation.
The "History" is famous for its brilliant ringing prose and for its confident, sometimes dogmatic, emphasis on a progressive model of British history. According to this view, England threw off superstition, autocracy and confusion to create a balanced constitution and a forward-looking culture combined with freedom of belief and expression. This model of human progress has been called the Whig interpretation of history.
Macaulay's approach has been criticised by later historians for its one-sidedness and its complacency. Karl Marx referred to him as a "systematic falsifier of history". His tendency to see history as a drama led him to treat figures whose views he opposed as if they were villains, while his approved characters were presented as heroes. Macaulay goes to considerable length, for example, to absolve his hero King William III of any responsibility for the Glencoe massacre (1692).

</doc>
<doc id="9807977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807977" title="Harper Simon">
Harper Simon

Harper James Simon (born September 7, 1972) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and producer. His music has appeared on several albums and in film and television shows. He is the son of musician Paul Simon and his first wife, Peggy Harper. In 2010 he released his critically lauded self-titled solo album, which Rolling Stone called "a gorgeous collection of vintage-sounding country-folk tunes." In its review of the album, American Songwriter called Harper "a real star in the making."
As a solo artist, Simon has appeared as a musical guest on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Late Night with David Letterman", "Jimmy Kimmel Live", "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon", NPR's "Morning Edition", NPR'S "World Cafe" and the French variety show "Taratata". He has been featured in the magazines "Purple", "Paper", "Mojo", "Uncut", "Clash" and "Rolling Stone" and was on the cover of the French music magazine "Les Inrockuptibles". 
"Division Street", Simon's second solo album, was released March 2013.
Early life.
Simon grew up in New York City. He made small appearances in film and television shows growing up including "Sesame Street" where he sang "Bingo" with his father for a segment that demonstrated how to record an album. Many of Paul Simon's lyrics include references to Simon, most notably "St. Judy's Comet", "Slip Slidin' Away" and "Graceland." His mother Peggy is the "silver girl" referred to in the song "Bridge Over Troubled Water." The film "One Trick Pony" is loosely based on the relationships between Paul, Peggy and Harper. 
After high school, Simon moved to Boston to study at the Berklee College of Music.
Early career.
In the 1990s Simon played the club circuit in New York as a solo artist with both acoustic and electric ensembles. He sometimes made appearances singing traditional folk and country songs with singer Jenni Muldaur and Robert Quine, guitarist for Richard Hell and the Voidoids. During this period, sessions were recorded with producer Don Fleming and Murph, drummer from the band Dinosaur, Jr. These tracks were never released. Simon contributed music to two films by Abel Ferrara, New Rose Hotel and The Blackout, and also played guitar on Carl Perkins's last album "Go Cat Go", produced by Bob Johnston and recorded at Sun Studios in Memphis, Tennessee. He made cameo appearances in New Rose Hotel as well as in Bringing Out The Dead directed by Martin Scorsese.
In 2000 Simon moved to London, where he played guitar and wrote for English cult band Menlo Park. Despite playing many sold-out shows and garnering considerable press, they disbanded before the release of an LP.
Simon has performed as a guitarist in Yoko Ono's Plastic Ono Band on many occasions, including headlining festivals such as ArthurFest in Los Angeles and All Tomorrow's Parties in the UK. He was also a featured guest at three Yoko Ono shows in 2010—at The Brooklyn Academy of Music, L.A.'s Orpheum Theater and San Francisco's Fox Theater—where he shared the bill with Iggy Pop, RZA, Thurston Moore, Kim Gordon, Eric Clapton and Perry Farrell, among others.
He played guitar on Sean Lennon's album "Friendly Fire" and appeared in the film by the same name. He accompanied Lennon on the road opening for Rufus Wainwright and the Strokes and played the Summer Sonic festival in Japan.
In 2006, Simon performed with tabla prodigy Suphala in Kabul, Afghanistan. He played on her album "Blueprint" and also performed at the Quantum Shift Benefit Concert to benefit the victims of the 2005 Kashmir earthquake.
He played guitar on the Daniel Merriweather album "Love & War", produced by Mark Ronson. The album went to #2 on the UK charts.
Simon performed as part of Blackout Sabbath, a concert curated by Rufus Wainwright, alongside Beth Orton, Martha Wainwright and Joan As Police Woman. He also performed as part of a Joe Boyd-produced tribute to Nick Drake that was broadcast on the BBC. Others on the bill included Stuart Murdoch from Belle and Sebastian, Blur's Graham Coxon and Vashti Bunyon. 
Simon performed in the band Lavender Diamond for two shows at the Wiltern Theater in Los Angeles. Simon has regularly performed at the venue Largo in Los Angeles, including two residencies at the venue, and has performed frequently with Largo regulars Jon Brion, Gillian Welch and David Rawlings and Benmont Tench (Brion and Tench appear on Division Street).
Solo albums.
Simon's self-titled debut album appeared in 2010. It was produced by Simon and veteran producer Bob Johnston, known for his work with Bob Dylan, Leonard Cohen and Johnny Cash. The album featured many legendary session players including members of the original "Nashville A-Team" Charlie McCoy and Hargus "Pig" Robbins, as well as "Memphis Boys" Gene Chrisman and Mike Leech (known for their work with Elvis Presley and Aretha Franklin). Lloyd Green, pedal steel player with George Jones and The Byrds was also heavily featured. Other musicians featured on the album include Marc Ribot, Steve Nieve from Elvis Costello's Attractions, Yuka Honda from Cibo Matto, Eleni Mandell, Petra Haden and Russell Simins, drummer for the band Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. It included songs co-written with Inara George, Lloyd Green and Booker Prize-winning novelist and poet Ben Okri.
In 2010, Simon performed as a musical guest on the Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, Jimmy Kimmel Live and Late Night with David Letterman. He also performed on the French variety show Taratata.
Simon played many festivals to support the release of his solo album, including Bonnaroo, SXSW, Port Elliot, the Great Escape, the Cambridge Folk Festival, the Festival Au Désert in Mali (where he also played with Tinariwen) and the Belladrum Festival. He also toured with Isobel Campbell and Mark Lanegan, and opened for acts such as Kris Kristofferson, Marianne Faithfull, Fleet Foxes and Brian Wilson.
The video for Simon's song "Berkeley Girl" (directed by Benjamin Kutsko) featured actress Jena Malone.
In 2012, Simon performed at the Jerry Garcia 70th birthday tribute along with Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Cass McCombs and members of Vampire Weekend and Ryan Adams Cardinals. He also performed at Petty Fest at the El Rey Theater, a benefit for victims of Hurricane Sandy, alongside members of the Strokes and the Black Keys, and played on French artist Soko's album I Thought I Was an Alien. Also in 2012, Simon sang on Steve Nieve's duets album ToGetHer and sang on Country Joe MacDonald's album Time Flies By.
Simon's second solo album, Division Street, will be released on March 25, 2013 on Tulsi Records/PIAS. It was produced by Simon and Tom Rothrock, best known for his work with Elliott Smith and Beck. It features drummer Pete Thomas from Elvis Costello's Attractions, Nikolai Fraiture from the Strokes, Bright Eyes' Nate Walcott and Mikael Jorgensen from the band Wilco, among others.
The cover for Simon's first solo album was designed by artist Tracey Emin. A video directed by Emin for a song from Division Street will appear on MOCAtv in March 2013. An interview between Simon and Tracey Emin will appear in the February 2013 issue of the magazine Purple.
Two videos directed by George Salisbury, known for his work with The Flaming Lips, are due out in 2013.
Music in film and television.
Songs from Simon's first album were featured in the Golden Globe-winning HBO show Girls as well as ABC shows Private Practice and The Neighbors. Songs from the album were also featured in the film Peace, Love and Misunderstanding directed by Oscar-winner Bruce Beresford.

</doc>
<doc id="9807980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807980" title="2007 Iditarod">
2007 Iditarod

The ceremonial start of the 35th annual Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race across the U.S. state of Alaska began amidst the crowds of Anchorage at 10 am (AKST) on March 3, 2007, and the start of the competitive race, or "restart", began at 2 pm the next day in Willow. The race followed the southern route for 1,151 mi (1,852 km) across the Alaska Range, through the sparsely inhabited Interior, along the Yukon River, and then up the coast of the Bering Sea to the city of Nome. 
Eighty two competitors started the race. Denali, Alaska musher Jeff King returned to defend his 2006 win, and the 2005 Iditarod winner Norwegian Robert Sørlie returned after skipping the 2006 event. Both were strong favorites to win. Other contenders included 4 time winners Martin Buser and Doug Swingley. However, the race was won by Lance Mackey in 9 days, 5:08:41, with an average speed of .
Route.
March 3: Ceremonial start in Anchorage.
Ceremonial start at Anchorage: The mushers departed Anchorage on March 3, 2007. One of the largest crowds ever watched as 82 teams composed of a musher and twelve dogs pulling a dogsled, left the starting chute at the corner of Fourth and D Streets, and followed the 11 mi (18 km) route through the urban center to Campbell Air Strip. The mushers were accompanied on the sled by "Idita-riders", the high bidders in a pre-race auction.
Campbell Airstrip: After the mushers arrive at Campbell Airstrip, the dogs are transported by vehicle to the "restart" location at Willow.
March 4: Restart at Willow.
Restart at Willow: The mushers departed the Community of Willow two minutes apart, in Bib order. The first musher (Perry Solmonson, Bib 2) left on March 4 at 2:00 pm AKST, and the last (Jeremy Keller, bib 820) left 2 hr 42 min later at 4:42 pm. The teams were increased to 16 dogs each. No additional dogs could be added, but they could be left behind at any of the checkpoints along the route. 
Yentna: Ramy Brooks (bib 5) departed Yentna in first place on March 4 at 5:20 pm. the remainder of the top 5 were Jim Lanier, Zack Steer, Cim Smyth, and Paul Gebhardt
Skwentna: Aaron Burmeister who started in 47th position departed Skwentna in first place, on March 4 at 9:44 pm. The remainder of the top 5 were Robert Sorlie, Jason Barron, Rick Swenson, and three-time Yukon Quest champion Lance Mackey.
March 5: Alaska Range.
Finger Lake: Four-time Iditarod winner and course record holder Martin Buser departed Finger Lake in first place, on March 5 at 4:35 am AKST. The remainder of the top 5 were Zack Steer, Jim Lanier, Cim Smyth, and Sebastian Schnuele. The field dropped to 79 teams after Butch Austin, Frank Sihler, and Jeff Holt scratched from the race.
Rainy Pass: Cim Smyth departed Rainy Pass at 10:05 AM AKST in first place. The remainder of the top five were Lance Mackey, Aliy Zirkle, Tim Osmar, and Ramey Smith. 
Poor trail and weather conditions caused eleven teams to scratch from the race. Doug Swingley and Dee Dee Jonrowe scratched on March 5. Lachlan Clark, Richard Cummins, Melanie Gould, Richard Hum, and Jacques Philip scratched on March 6. Tom Roig, Dan Huttunen, Perry Solmonson, and Scott White scratched on March 7. There were 68 teams remaining in the race.
Rohn: Jason Barron departed the checkpoint at the Rohn roadhouse at 8:47 PM AKST in first place. The remainder of the top five were Cim Smyth, Lance Mackey, Zack Steer, and Martin Buser.
The field dropped to 66 teams when G.B. Jones and Deborah Molburg Bicknell scratched from the race on March 9.
March 6: Alaskan Interior.
Nikolai: Lance Mackey arrived in Nikolai in first place at 8:10 am AKST on March 6. He was followed by Paul Gebhardt (11:05 am), Zack Steer (11:48 am), Aliy Zirkle (11:48 am), and Jason Barron (12:34 pm). 
Martin Buser departed the checkpoint in first place at 1:43 pm after only stopping for three minutes. He was followed by Lance Mackey (3:33 pm), Zack Steer (5:02 pm), Jeff King (5:12 pm), and Jason Barron (5:37 pm)
The field dropped to 65 teams when Ben Stamm scratched on March 8.
McGrath: Martin Buser arrived in McGrath at 6:47 pm and claimed the PenAir Spirit of Alaska award for being first to McGrath. He was followed by Lance Mackey (8:22 pm), Zack Steer (9:50 pm), Jeff King (10:46 pm), and Jason Barron (11:22 pm). Mackey departed McGrath fifteen minutes later at 8:37 pm in first place. He was followed by Zack Steer (10:01 pm), Jeff King (10:55 pm), Jason Barron (11:25), and Paul Gebhardt (11:34 pm) 
The field dropped to 64 teams when Dave Tresino scratched in McGrath on March 9.
March 7.
Takotna: Lance Mackey arrived in Takotna at 10:52 pm AKST on March 6 in first place. He was followed by Zack Steer (12:05 am, March 7), Jeff King (1:14 am), Jason Barron (1:38 am), and Paul Gebhardt (1:52 am). Zack Steer left Takotna 4 minutes later at 12:09 am in first place. He was followed by Jeff King (1:27 am), Martin Buser (2:21 am), Lance Mackey (04:14 am), and Paul Gebhardt (8:13 am).
Ophir: Zack Steer arrived in Ophir at 2:47 am in first place. He was followed by Jeff King at 4:05 am, Martin Buser at 4:33 am, Lance Mackey at 6:50 am, and Paul Gebhardt at 10:17 am. The rest of the top 10 arrived within 9 hours and 11 minutes of the leader. Lance Mackey left Ophir in first place at same time he arrived at 6:50 am. He was followed by Paul Gebhardt at 10:24 am, Mitch Seavey at 12:45 pm, Ed Iten at 12:46, and Cim Smyth at 2:50 pm 
March 8: Halfway.
Iditarod: Lance Mackey arrived in the ghost town of Iditarod in first place at 12:11 am. He won the GCI Dorothy Page Halfway Award and $4,000 in placer gold nuggets. He was followed by Paul Gebhardt at 12:17 am, Ed Iten at 6:22 am, Mitch Seavey at 6:24 am, and Tollef Monson at 8:00 am. The rest of the top ten arrived within 7 hours and 22 minutes of Mackey's time. The top twenty arrived within 28 hours and 32 minutes of Mackey's time
Zack Steer departed Iditarod at 9:28 pm in first place after staying for only 10 minutes. He was followed by Martin Buser at 10:48 pm, Jeff King at 12:21 am on March 9, Lance Mackey at 2:31 am, and Paul Gebhardt at 2:44 am. The rest of the top ten departed within 11 hours and 42 minutes of Steer's time
The field dropped to 63 teams when Linwood Fielder scratched from the race on March 9.
March 9: Yukon River.
Shageluk: Martin Buser arrived in Shageluk in first place at 06:55 am and departed thirteen minutes later at 07:08 am. Jeff King arrived in Shageluk at 08:35 am and departed three minutes later at 08:38 am. An hour and half later, Lance Mackey arrived at 10:02 am and departs three minutes later at 10:05 am. Eight minutes later, Paul Gebhardt arrived at 11:13 am and departed at 11:15 am
Anvik: Martin Buser arrived in Anvik on the Yukon River at 10:45 am in first place and was awarded the First Musher to the Yukon Award which consists of a seven course meal and $3,500 in cash. He was followed by Jeff King, Lance Mackey, Paul Gebhardt and Ramy Brooks at 12:00 pm, 1:22 pm, 1:28 pm and 5:05 pm respectively. 
Martin Buser departed Anvik in first after taking his mandatory eight-hour layover at 6:45 pm. Heff departed Anvik in second after his eight-hour layover at 8:00 pm. Zack Steer departed Anvik in third after staying three minutes at 8:18 pm. Lance Mackey and Paul Gebhardt departed Anvik after taking their eight-hour layover at 9:22 pm and 9:28 pm.
Grayling: Martin Buser, Jeff King, Zack Steer, Lance Mackey, and Paul Gebhardt arrived in Grayling at 9:04 pm, 10:22 pm, 10:47 pm, 11:51 pm, and 12:01 am (March 10) respectively.
Martin Buser, Jeff King, Lance Mackey, Paul Gebhardt, and Ramy Brooks departed Grayling at 9:06 pm, 10:32 pm, 11:56 pm, and 3:42 am (March 10). Zack Steer departed in sixth place at 4:47 am on March 10.
March 10.
Eagle Island: Martin Buser and Jeff King arrived in Eagle Island at 6:30 am AKST and 7:50 am respectively. An hour and a half later, Paul Gebhardt and Lance Mackey arrived one minute apart at 9:34 am and 9:35 am. Zack Steer arrived 3 hours and 9 minutes later at 12:44 pm
Jeff King left Eagle Island at 12:55 pm and was followed by Martin Buser at 1:00 pm. Lance Mackey and Paul departed Eagle Island two minutes apart at 3:43 pm and 3:45 pm. Ken Anderson departed at 8:35 am Zack Steer took his 8-hour layover and departed at 8:44 pm in sixth position.
Kaltag: Jeff King arrived in Kaltag at 9:23 pm in first place. Martin Buser arrived 52 minutes later at 10:15 pm. Lance Mackey and Paul Gebhardt arrived one minute apart at 12:05 am and 12:06. Ken Anderson arrived at 5:36 am AKDT. Zack Steer arrived at 5:48 am.
Jeff King departed Kaltag at 4:46 am in first place. Martin Buser departed 13 minutes later at 4:59 am. Paul Gebhardt and Lance Mackey departed six minutes apart at 6:23 and 6:28 am. Zack Steer departed 4 hours and 18 hours later at 10:46 pm.
March 11: Bering Sea.
Unalakleet: Jeff King arrived in the village of Unalakleet in first place at 3:35 pm. He was awarded the Wells Fargo "Gold Coast" Award and $2,500 in gold for being first to Norton Sound. Lance Mackey arrived 45 minutes later at 4:20 pm with Martin Buser and Paul Gebhardt arriving within 7 minutes behind him. Zack Steer arrived four hours and 31 minutes later at 8:58 pm.
Gebhardt was the first to depart the checkpoint at 9:00 pm. Mackey departed nineteen minutes later at 9:19 pm. Buser and King departed within two minutes of each other at 9:43 pm and 9:45 pm, respectively. Steer departed the checkpoint at 2:16 am on March 12.
March 12.
Shaktoolik:
Koyuk:
Elim:
March 13: Dash to the Finish.
White Mountain: Lance Mackey arrived in White Mountain first place at 1:46 am AKDT. Paul Gebhardt arrived 2 hours and 38 minutes later at 4:16 am. Martin Buser arrived 5 hours and 29 minutes later at 9:45 am. Zack Steer arrived 20 minutes later at 10:05 am. Jeff King arrived 1 hour and 28 minutes later at 11:33 am.
Mackey, Gebhart, Buser, Steer, and King departed White Mountain after serving their mandatory 8-hour layovers at 9:46 am, 12:16 pm, 5:45 pm, 6:05 pm, and 7:33 pm respectively.
Safety: Mackey arrives in Safety in 4:49 pm AKDT in first and departed five minutes later at 4:54 pm. Gebhardt arrived in second place at 7:08 pm and departed four minutes later at 7:11 pm. On March 14, Steer and Buser arrived two minutes apart at 12:36 and 12:38 pm respectively. Steer departed at 12:37 am and Buser departed at 12:41 am. Two hours later, Jeff King arrived at 2:38 am and departed four minutes later at 2:42 pm.
Nome: Mackey arrived under the burled arch in Nome in first place at 8:08:41 pm with a time of 9 days, 5 hours, 8 minutes, and 41 seconds. He is awarded $69,000 and a brand new Dodge pick-up truck. He was the first musher to win the Yukon Quest and the Iditarod in the same year. Gebhardt finished second two hours and 28 minutes later at 10:28:12 pm with a time of 9 days, 7 hours, 28 minutes, and 12 seconds. Steer finished third five hours and 48 minutes later at 03:46:07 with a time of 9 days, 12 hours, 46 minutes, and 7 seconds. Buser finished fourth 21 minutes after Steer at 04:07:04 with a time of 9 days, 13 hours, 7 minutes, and 4 seconds. King finished fifth two hours later at 06:05:17 am with a time of 9 days, 15 hours, 5 minutes, and 17 seconds.
Scratches.
Twenty-three mushers have scratched from the race:
Awards.
"Note: All monetary values are in United States Dollars"
Ramy Brooks incident.
Witnesses said they saw Ramy Brooks punch and kick some of his dogs and hit them with a ski pole when they refused to leave a checkpoint during a March 15, 2007 stage in Golovin, Alaska, less than from the finish in Nome, Alaska. Brooks denies the more serious allegations, but acknowledged "spanking" the dogs in his team with a trail marking lathe. One of Brooks‘ dogs died the day after the incident, but a necropsy could not determine why the dog died and race officials said there was no evidence that Brooks was to blame. On March 17, 2007, the judges voted unanimously to disqualify Brooks from the 2007 Iditarod.
Shane Goosen who has taken part in the Iditarod three times, told the Iditarod board that during the Tustumena 200 Sled Dog Race in January 2007 five people said they saw Brooks kick, hit and drag his dogs and that "There is no doubt in my mind that he beat his dogs" and "It took three days to disqualify this guy, there went the credibility of the Iditarod right there — it's gone", said Goosen. Bud Smyth, a former race marshal and Iditarod musher, criticized race officials, saying the Iditarod officials were slow to interview and tape record witnesses. Musher Perry Solmonson stated "It is just a sad situation, I hope as a board you will have some integrity and do what is necessary for the dogs."
Chas St. George, the Director of Public Relations, stated "If you are, by Alaska state statute,
convicted of animal abuse or cruelty, then you are not allowed to enter this race."
Iditarod Trail Committee President, Richard Burmeister announced on April 26, 2007, that the ongoing independent investigation being conducted by the Anchorage, Alaska law firm of Davis Wright Tremaine is not yet complete. Race officials are hoping the report will be ready for the board of directors meeting on April 26, 2007. Stan Hooley said it is unlikely the board will make an immediate decision on consequences ranging from doing nothing to a lifetime ban.
On May 18, 2007, the Iditarod Trail Committee Board of Directors announced that they had suspended Ramy Brooks for abusing his sled dogs. The suspension is for the 2008 and 2009 races, and following that Brooks would be on probation for 3 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9807991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9807991" title="Texas State Railroad">
Texas State Railroad

The Texas State Railroad is a historic 25-mile railroad between Rusk and Palestine, Texas. Founded in 1881 by the state of Texas to haul freight, regular service on the line was ended in 1921. The state leased the line to private companies until 1969 then turned it over to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department in 1972. In 2007, the railroad was transferred to the Texas State Railroad Authority and is privately operated as a living history museum. 
History.
The start of the railroad dates back to 1881. Its original purpose was to bring in raw materials for a prison iron foundry and to take the finished product out. The railroad grew and eventually expanded to freight and passenger service, but it was not profitable. Regular train service by the state ceased in 1921, and the line was leased to various railroad companies until 1969. 
In 1972, the Texas Legislature turned the railroad over to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department to be used as a state park. However, by 2006, the train cost the state of Texas $1 million per year more to maintain and to operate than the revenue from the park generated. Because of budget concerns, the Eightieth Texas Legislature (2007) passed Senate Bill 1659 which allowed for the creation of an operating authority for the train with the power to lease the train to a private operator. On September 1, 2007, the train was transferred to the Texas State Railroad Authority and leased for operation by American Heritage Railway, which also operates the Durango & Silverton Narrow Gauge Railroad in Colorado and the Great Smoky Mountains Railroad in North Carolina. A leading supporter of keeping the railroad operational is Texas State Representative Byron Cook of Corsicana.
The railway is a park that allows visitors to ride trains pulled by diesel and steam locomotives between the park's Victorian-style depots and through the forests of East Texas. The railway is also occasionally leased for film and television productions, including episodes of NBC's "Revolution".
Motive power.
The Texas State Railroad operates a number of steam and diesel locomotives, from ranging from 1901 to 1953:
Other locomotives on static display:

</doc>
<doc id="9808002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808002" title="Harpies and Quines">
Harpies and Quines

Harpies and Quines was a feminist magazine founded by seven women living and working in Scotland including the journalist and broadcaster Lesley Riddoch and published in Scotland between 1992 and 1994. The founder women were two community workers, two journalists, an illustrator, a film editor and a graphic artist, a film and television art director. It was launched on a wave of enthusiasm, goodwill, donations and unpaid efforts of a great number of women. 
It was unsuccessfully sued by "Harpers and Queen" who objected to the name and didn't get the joke. "Harpers and Queen" managed to give the small independent magazine the kind of front-page UK-wide publicity it could not have afforded to pay for. Several sets of circumstances led to the directors of "Harpies and Quines" declaring voluntary insolvency in 1994 after publishing 16 (18?) issues.

</doc>
<doc id="9808018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808018" title="Michaela Fukačová">
Michaela Fukačová

Michaela Fukačová is a Czech cellist. She took up the cello at fourteen winning the Beethoven Cello Competition only two years later.Among her many top prizes is the prestigious Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow. She studied at the Brno Conservatory, the Music Academy in Prague, the Royal Danish Academy of Music in Copenhagen, and with André Navarra, Paul Tortelier and Mstislav Rostropovich. 
International prizes and awards:

</doc>
<doc id="9808049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808049" title="Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao general election, 1990">
Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao general election, 1990

General elections are held for the first time in the newly created Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao for the Regional Governor and Vice-Governor were held on February 12, 1990.
The Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao region was first created on August 1, 1989 through Republic Act No. 6734 otherwise known as the Organic Act in pursuance with a constitutional mandate to provide for an autonomous area in Muslim Mindanao. A plebiscite was held in the provinces of Basilan, Cotabato, Davao del Sur, Lanao del Norte, Lanao del Sur, Maguindanao, Palawan, South Cotabato, Sultan Kudarat, Sulu, Tawi-Tawi, Zamboanga del Norte and Zamboanga del Sur; and in the cities of Cotabato, Dapitan, Dipolog, General Santos, Iligan, Marawi, Pagadian, Puerto Princesa and Zamboanga to determine if the residents would want to be part of the ARMM. Of the areas where the plebiscites were held only Lanao del Sur, Maguindanao, Sulu and Tawi-Tawi voted favorably for inclusion in the new autonomous region. 

</doc>
<doc id="9808050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808050" title="2000 Asian Athletics Championships">
2000 Asian Athletics Championships

The 13th Asian Athletics Championships were held in Jakarta, Indonesia in late August 2000. 

</doc>
<doc id="9808083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808083" title="Combustibility">
Combustibility

Combustibility is a measure of how easily a substance will set on fire, through fire or combustion. This is an important property to consider when a substance is used for construction or is being stored. It is also important in processes that produce combustible substances as a by-product. Special precautions are usually required for substances that are easily combustible. These measures may include installation of fire sprinklers or storage remote from possible sources of ignition.
Substances with low combustibility may be selected for construction where the fire risk needs to be reduced.Like apartment buildings, houses,offices and so on. If combustible resources are used there is greater chance of fire accidents and deaths. Fire resistant substances are preferred for building materials and furnishings.
Code Definitions.
For an Authority Having Jurisdiction, combustibility is defined by the local code. In the National Building Code of Canada, it is defined as follows:
Fire testing.
Various countries have tests for determining noncombustibility of materials. Most involve the heating of a specified quantity of the test specimen for a set duration. Usually, the material cannot support combustion and must not undergo a certain loss of mass. As a rule of thumb, concrete, steel, ceramics, in other words inorganic substances pass these tests, which permits them to be mentioned in building codes as being suitable and sometimes even mandated for use in certain applications. In Canada, for instance, firewalls must be made of concrete.
Relevance in construction.
In building construction, buildings are typically divided into combustible and noncombustible ones. The code provisions and safety measures that must be taken into account in the design and construction of a building depend to a significant extent upon whether the structure is made from noncombustible elements, such as concrete, brick and structural steel, or a combustible element such as wood. Combustible structures have more stringent limits on maximum building height and area.
Combustible dust.
A number of industrial processes produce combustible dust as a by-product. The most common being wood dust. Combustible dust has been defined as: "a solid material composed of distinct particles or pieces, regardless of size, shape, or chemical composition, which presents a fire or deflagration hazard when suspended in air or some other oxidizing medium over a range of concentrations." In addition to wood, combustible dusts include metals, especially magnesium, titanium and aluminum, as well as other carbon-based dusts. There are at least a 140 known substances that produce combustible dust. While the particles in a combustible dusts may be of any size, normally they have a diameter of less than 420 µm. , the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration has yet to adopt a comprehensive set of rules on combustible dust.
When suspended in air (or any oxidizing environment), the fine particles of combustible dust present a potential for explosions. Accumulated dust, even when not suspended in air, remains a fire hazard. The National Fire Protection Association (U.S.) specifically addresses the prevention of fires and dust explosions in agricultural and food products facilities in NFPA Code section 61, and other industries in NFPA Code sections 651–664. Collectors designed to reduce airborne dust account for more than 40 percent of all dust explosions. Other important processes are grinding and pulverizing, transporting powders, filing silos and containers (which produces powder), and the mixing and blending of powders.
Investigation of 200 dust explosions and fires, between 1980 to 2005, indicated "approximately 100 fatalities and 600 injuries." In January 2003, a polyethylene powder explosion and fire at the West Pharmaceutical Services plant in Kinston, North Carolina resulted in the deaths of six workers and injuries to 38 others. In February 2008 an explosion of sugar dust rocked the Imperial Sugar Company's plant at Port Wentworth, Georgia, resulting in thirteen deaths.
Related matters.
The flammability article describes further the subcategorisations of combustible matters. Here, further fire tests are involved in quantifying the degree of flammability or combustibility.
The chemistry underlying the fire testing and resulting code classifications.
The degree of flammability or combustibility depends largely upon the chemical composition of the subject material, as well as the ratio of mass versus surface area. As an example, paper is made from wood. A piece of paper catches on fire quite easily, whereas a heavy oak desk is much harder to ignite, although the wood fibre is the same in each substance, be it a piece of paper or a wooden board. Also, Antoine Lavoisier's law of conservation of mass, states that matter can be neither created nor destroyed, only altered. Therefore, the combustion or burning of a substance causes a chemical change, but does not decrease the mass of the original matter. The mass of the remains (ash, water, carbon dioxide, and other gases) is the same as it was prior to the burning of the matter. Whatever is not left behind in ashes and remains, literally went up in smoke, but it all went somewhere and the atoms of which the substance consisted before the fire still exist after the fire, even though they may be present in other phases and molecules.

</doc>
<doc id="9808095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808095" title="Wilhelm Stäglich">
Wilhelm Stäglich

Wilhelm Stäglich (11 November 1916 – 5 April 2006) was a World War II army officer, later a financial judge in Hamburg, and a prominent Holocaust denier.
In 1974 a disciplinary hearing was enacted against Stäglich, then a financial judge, owing to his membership of the far-right NPD party and his incessant publications in far-right magazines; the result was a forced early retirement with a reduced pension for five years.
In 1979 the Tübingen-based Grabert published Stäglich's book "Der Auschwitz-Mythos - Legende oder Wirklichkeit" ("The Auschwitz Myth - Legend or Reality"), in which he denied the existence of gas chambers in the Nazi concentration camps and death camps, and claimed that all documents relating to the Holocaust were forgeries. As early as 1980 this book was seized nationwide on the order of the state court of Stuttgart, and in 1982 it was placed on a list of materials that may not be distributed to young readers, following a decision by Germany's Federal Department for Media Harmful to Young Persons. The decision to confiscate the book was upheld by the Federal Court of Justice in 1983. Following this, the University of Göttingen enacted proceedings against Stäglich in order to formally disaccredit the doctoral degree he had earned there in 1951.
Eckhard Jesse, a German political scientist and authority on radical politics, has defended the publication of the book "The Auschwitz Myth". Stäglich, he says, was stripped of his doctoral title because it was deemed to be undeserved, following a law dating from 1939. Jesse: ""Even those who see his work as anti-Semitic – and here comes the warning – must question these decisions for two reasons. Firstly it is patronising to the public, who are assumed to lack judgement, hardly evidence of liberality; second, the far-right sees the decision as an affirmation, and outsiders might also believe, that there 'must be something' to Stäglich's arguments. You get the impression an example is being made Stäglich.""
Stäglich appeared together with Jürgen Rieger as a speaker at a far-right event commemorating the Holocaust denier Thies Christophersen, who died in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9808102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808102" title="2006–07 All Hong Kong Schools Jing Ying Football Tournament">
2006–07 All Hong Kong Schools Jing Ying Football Tournament

All Hong Kong Schools Jing Ying Football Tournament 2006–07 is the 2006-07 season of All Hong Kong Schools Jing Ying Football Tournament. The tournament started on 25 February 2007 and ended on 18 March 2007.
YCH Tung Chi Ying Memorial Secondary School beat West Island School by 7-1 in the final and captured the title for the third consecutive time.
Qualified Teams.
"The qualifications are based on Grade A results only"
"Seeded teams are indicated by * sign. They receive a bye for the first round"
West Island School* ("Champhion of Division 1 ")
La Salle College* ("1st Runner-up of Division 1")
Chong Gene Hang College* ("2nd Runner-up of Division 1")
Chinese International School* ("3rd Runner-up of Division 1")
Sing Yin Secondary School ("Champion of Division 2")
St. Louis School ("1st Runner-up of Division 2")
Chan Sui Ki (La Salle) College ("2nd Runner-up of Division 2")
St. Paul's College ("3rd Runner-up of Division 2")
Hong Kong International School ("Champion of Division 3 (Hong Kong)")
SKH Leung Kwai Yee Secondary School ("Champion of Division 3 (Kowloon One)")
SKH Holy Trinity Church Secondary School ("Champion of Division 3 (Kowloon Two)")
YCH Lan Chi Pat Memorial Secondary School ("Champion of Division 3 (Kowloon Three)")
Tai Po & North District
Buddhist Chi Hong Chi Lam Memorial College* ("District Champion")
New Territories Heung Yee Kuk Tai Po District Secondary School ("District 1st Runner-up")
Shatin & Sai Kung
YCH Tung Chi Ying Memorial Secondary School* ("District Champion of Division 1")
Jockey Club Ti-I College ("District 1st Runner-up of Division 1")
Yuen Long
Beacon College* ("District Champion")
Yuen Long Lutheran Secondary School ("District 1st Runner-up")
Tuen Mun
Lui Cheung Kwong Lutheran College ("Division Champion")
Tuen Mun Government Secondary School ("District 1st Runner-up")
Tsuen Wan & Islands
PLK Mrs. Ma Kam Ming - Cheung Fook Sien College ("Division Champion")
St. Francis Xavier's School, Tsuen Wan ("District 1st Runner-up")
Kwai Tsing 
Cotton Spinners Association Secondary School* ("District Champion of Division 1")
Ju Ching Chu Secondary School ("District 1st Runner-up of Division 1")
Bracket.
"Chong Gene Hang College beat Chan Sui Ki (La Salle) College by 3-0 in the third-place playoff."
Top Scorer.
"Players with 1 goal are not listed here." 

</doc>
<doc id="9808105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808105" title="Kristie Lu Stout">
Kristie Lu Stout

Kristie Lu Stout (, born December 7, 1974) is a Chinese American journalist and news anchor for CNN International. She hosts the daily news show "News Stream", which emphasizes news being connected with technology.
Early life and education.
Stout was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to a Chinese American father and a Han Chinese mother; as a result, she was reared in a partially Chinese-speaking household. Her mother was born in Taiwan to parents from Guizhou.
Stout grew up in Saratoga, California and graduated from Lynbrook High School in San Jose, California, where she was a founding member of the Lynbrook Speech and Debate Club, and worked as a model in her teens. She studied journalism as an undergraduate at Stanford University, writing for "The Stanford Daily" and KZSU. In the early 1990s, she traveled to China in order to learn Standard Chinese at Tsinghua University, freelance for the "South China Morning Post", and worked at Sohu. In 1996, she started working as an editorial intern at "Wired", and before 1997 she graduated with a master's degree in media studies from Stanford.
Career.
In 2000, a senior producer for CNN invited Stout to work as a "television and dotcom reporter" after listening to her give a speech about the internet in China at the Foreign Correspondents' Club, Hong Kong. Starting from 2001, she hosted the daily "World Report" which earned her a 2006 Asian Television Award as Best News Presenter or Anchor when it was still called "CNN Today". She occasionally also hosts the talk show "Talk Asia". She previously hosted CNN's technology program "Spark", their daily "Tech Watch" segment, and the monthly program "Global Office".
Personal life.
Stout lives in Hong Kong with her daughter named Arabella.

</doc>
<doc id="9808127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808127" title="Teófilo Cruz">
Teófilo Cruz

"For the boxer nicknamed Teo Cruz, see: Carlos Cruz"
Teófilo Cruz Downs (January 8, 1942 – August 30, 2005) was a Puerto Rican professional basketball player. Cruz has played in the NCAA, and the National Superior Basketball League of Puerto Rico with Santurce Crabbers, Guaynabo Mets, Canovanas Indians, Río Piedras Cardinals, and Mayagüez Tainos. Cruz has played internationally in Spain with Picadero Damm. Cruz was a member of the Puerto Rican National Basketball Team and represented Puerto Rico in five Olympic Games from 1960 to 1976. On March 1, 2007 he was selected to the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Cruz was the first basketballer to compete at five Olympics. This was matched twenty years later by Brazilian Oscar Schmidt in 1996 and by American Teresa Edwards and Australian Andrew Gaze in 2000.
Cruz played for 25 seasons in the Baloncesto Superior Nacional (BSN) of Puerto Rico and was the Most Valuable Player 4 times. He was also selected the defensive player of the year a record five times. He played with the Santurce Crabbers, Guaynabo Mets, Canovanas Indians, Río Piedras, and Mayagüez Tainos. Teo also led the league in points per game twice and was the first player ever to reach 9,000 points in the BSN (9535 points to be exact). Teo was the starting center of the Puerto Rican National basketball team in the times when Puerto Rico and Brazil were the two dominant teams in the Americas outside the United States. Teo is one of four Puerto Rican basketball players to have carried the nation's flag for the opening ceremonies of the Olympics. Teo did this in 1976 during the Montreal Olympics; the others were Carlos Arroyo (Athens 2004), Jose "Tonin" Casillas (Rome 1960), and Jaime Frontera (Mexico 1968). After Teo's death on August 31, 2005, they decided to name the sports complex in San Juan in his honor. And before a game against Venezuela, a moment of Silence was held in memory of Teofilo Cruz. He died on August 30, 2005 of a brain hemorrhage.
Career stats.
During his career in the National Superior Basketball league, Cruz scored 9,512 points with an average of 16.3 points per game. He captured 4,672 rebounds with an average of 8.0 rebounds per game. He also had 605 assists during his twenty-five-year career.

</doc>
<doc id="9808147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808147" title="Niven's constant">
Niven's constant

In number theory, Niven's constant, named after Ivan Niven, is the largest exponent appearing in the prime factorization of any natural number "n" "on average". More precisely, if we define "H"(1) = 1 and "H"("n") = the largest exponent appearing in the unique prime factorization of a natural number "n" > 1, then Niven's constant is given by
where ζ("k") is the value of the Riemann zeta function at the point "k" (Niven, 1969).
In the same paper Niven also proved that
where "h"(1) = 1, "h"("n") = the smallest exponent appearing in the unique prime factorization of each natural number "n" > 1, "o" is little o notation, and the constant "c" is given by
and consequently that

</doc>
<doc id="9808177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808177" title="Panieli Poru waterfalls">
Panieli Poru waterfalls

Panieli Poru is a tourist spot in the Ernakulam region of Kerala, India caused by a natural bottleneck in the flow of the Periyar River due to rock formations.
The river, which is shallow and wide until just before the rock formations, is forced to flow through some narrow crevices in the large rocks and to flow over shallower rocks, which increases its momentum and creates a great deal of turbulence. Nevertheless, this turbulence will not be visible on the surface.
Although not a popular waterfall destination in the exact sense of the word, water and rocks together make for a picturesque scene at Panieli Poru, a little-known spot on the eastern tracts of Ernakulam district. Situated along the Malayattoor forest tracts, 20 km from Perumbavoor, the place casts an enchanting spell that mesmerises the visitor. The Periyar gushes along the rocky terrain here.The rivulets of the Periyar, having separated upstream, join hands at the spot and continue the onward journey. The flowing water makes a symphony along with the chirping of the birds in the nearby forest. It is indeed an alluring locale for those who have a love for natures splendour.

</doc>
<doc id="9808182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808182" title="Terry and Julian">
Terry and Julian

Terry and Julian is a British sitcom that aired on Channel 4 in 1992. Starring Julian Clary, it was written by Clary, Paul Merton and John Henderson. The title is a spoof the title of the long-running BBC sitcom "Terry and June", whose star June Whitfield made a guest appearance in one episode of "Terry and Julian".
Plot.
Terry, an average, heterosexual man, advertises for a lodger for his flat in Streatham and Julian, a flamboyant gay Channel 4 celebrity moves in. Julian soon disrupts Terry's mundane life, turns the flat into something similar to an 18th-century Turkish boudoir and disrupts Terry's relationship with his girlfriend, policewoman Rene. 
Unusually for a sitcom, "Terry and Julian" breaks the "fourth wall" by recognising the studio audience and viewers, and employs use of audience participation.

</doc>
<doc id="9808184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808184" title="Steinerud (station)">
Steinerud (station)

Steinerud is a station on the lower part of Holmenkoll Line (line 1) of the Oslo T-bane system. It is located between Frøen and Vinderen at an altitude of 75.6 metres above sea level. The station had 244 passengers daily in 2004.
The station was built in 1900, two years after the line was opened. It opened as Diakonhjemmet, and was located on Stasjonsveien, where the road intersected with Lille Borgenveien and Sverrestien, and built to serve the near-by hospital Diakonhjemmet. Beside the station was the road Slemdalsveien that crossed the line. Of safety reasons, the crossing was closed, and after that Frøen Station became a more convenient stop for people going to the hospital. As a consequence, the station changed its name in 1936, though not without local protests: few knew that the hospital had been built on the farm named Steinerud, while linguistic conservatives wanted the station to be named Stenerud.

</doc>
<doc id="9808186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808186" title="Jan Baptist Zangrius">
Jan Baptist Zangrius

Jan Baptist Zangrius (? - 1606 in Leuven) was an Flemish engraver, publisher, typographer and bookseller.
His name is mostly spelled as Johannes Baptista Zangrius, but is also known as de Sanger, de Zangre, Zangre, and Zangré.
Biographical Data.
He was active in Leuven between 1595 and 1606 and by all probability he was a relative of the publishers and typographists Petrus (1559-1623) and Philippus Zangrius (1585-1610).
In 1601, Zangrius engraved the portraits of Infante Isabella, her husband archduke Albrecht Habsburg, governor of the Low Countries, and Justus Lipsius. These engravings were also part of his 1602 (or 1605) work titled "Album Amicorum" containing 67 engravings, namely 46 womanly costumes and armorial cartouches, 9 small and 11 bigger armorial engravings.
It is one of the earliest examples of heraldic pavilions (by all probability after Jean-Jacques Boissard). The small armorial shields are empty. The womanly costumes were engraved after the tables of Julius Goltzius, to be found in the following title: Jean Jacques Boissard, "Habitvs Variarvm Orbis gentium. Habitz de Nations estra:Trachten mancherley Voelcker des Erdskreysz", Cum Priuilegio Caesaro, Cum Priuilegio Regio, 1581 [Mechelen, Caspar Rutz
Zangrius in Heraldry.
According to some authors, Zangrius developed the earliest hatching system in heraldry, identical with the present day hatching method, seen on his armorial chart of Brabant. (Jean Baptiste Zangre, "Representation de l'Ancienne et Souveraine Duche de Brabant, ses Villes, Dignitez et Dependences, Comme Lothier, Limborghe et Pays de Outre Meuse", Louvain, 1600. Measures: 49 x 56.3 cm). Though manufactured by Arnold van Rincvelt, it is better known as the armorial chart of Zangrius. The original chart is held by the Helmond Castle-Townhall.
The armorial chart of Zangrius was first published in the 81st volume (1964) of the De Nederlandsche Leeuw by F. J. van Ettro. He maintains that the present-day hatching system was invented by Zangrius. The historical background for the coming into existence of the armorial chart was the 6 March 1598 edict of the Spanish king Philip II who detached the Low Countries in his testament from Spain and gave independence to the Netherlands on the occasion of the marriage of his daughter Infante Isabella to archduke Albrecht Habsburg who served as the governor of the province since 1596. The princely consorts marched across Brussels ceremoniously on 5 September 1599. As Albrecht Habsburg died in 1621 without heirs, the country returned to the Spanish crown, as was stated in the treaty. (For another engraving from 1623, portraying Albrecht‘s funeral procession, see the picture taken from Jacob Franquart.) Albrecht‘s proclamation of the sovereignty was illustrated by numerous armorial charts published by several cities and noblemen of the Low Countries, and the armorial chart of Zangrius held in the Helmond Castle-Townhall is one of them.
F. J. van Ettro maintained: "Particularly noteworthy about this chart is, that the metals gold and silver, and the colours red, blue, green and black, are rendered according to the same system of hatching by means of dots and stripes, as is being used to this day in modern heraldry". (op. cit. p. 211)
However, the hatching systems of Silvester Petra Sancta (1638) and Marcus Vulson de la Colombière (1639), respectively differ from the method developed by Zangrius in the way of hatching of the colour Sable. Thus, it almost seems evident that Petra Sancta or de la Colombière modeled their systems after Zangrius‘ hatching table.
Zangrius inscribed into the oval escutcheon of his hatching table both the heraldic and standard French language appellations of the given tinctures as follows – Or, Argent, Geulle and Rouge (gules), Azur and Bleu (azure), Sinople and Verd [Vert (vert). The hatching used by him for these tinctures is identical with contemporary hatching methods. The only difference in Zangrius’ system was the hatching of the colour sable (Sable and Noir by Zangrius), i.e. crossing of vertical and diagonal lines from the heraldic left to right instead of the present day's crossing of vertical and horizontal lines.
Works.
"Albvm Amicorvm Habitibvs Mvliervm OmnivNatoinv[m Evropae, tvm Tabvlis as Scvtis Vacvis in aes Incisis Adonatvm, Vt quisque et sÿmbola et insignia sua gentilitia in ÿs depingi commode curare possit"; Lovanii Apud Ioannem Baptistam Zangrium. Anno 1599
Published Engravings.
"Hollstein‘s Dutch & Flemish Etchings, Engravings and Woodcuts 1450-1700". Volume LVIII, I. Wyngaerden to Anthony van Zylvelt. Compided by Jeroen de Scheemaker, Edited by D. De Hoop Scheffer. Sound & Vision Publishers Rotterdam 2001, in co-operation with the Rijksprentenkabinet, Rijksmuseum Amsterdam. pp. 40-64.

</doc>
<doc id="9808199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808199" title="Fabulous Trobadors">
Fabulous Trobadors

Fabulous Trobadors are a band from Toulouse, France, founded in 1987. They have developed their own distinctive style based on Occitan folk music and the rhythms of northeastern Brazil.
Claude Sicre writes the lyrics and raps, while Ange B (real name Jean-Marc Enjalbert) raps and acts as a human beatbox, producing a wide range of sounds (beats, scratches, trumpet, guitar etc.) solely with his mouth.
Their first album, "Èra pas de faire" (In English, "We shouldn't have done it"), was released on Massilia Sound System's Roker Promocion label. Originally the lyrics to their songs were in the Occitan language, but they have since reached a wider audience with French-language lyrics.
They are noted for their political engagement, denouncing politicians such as Toulouse mayor Dominique Baudis, and particularly for their humour, wordplay, and constant puns. A major feature of their concerts is improvisation in the form of rap battles, verbal duels between the two rappers with each trying to outdo the other. These "joutes verbales" or "duels de tchaches", as the band calls them, are inspired by the "tenson" of Occitan troubadours. The auditorium also forms part of the show, with numerous folk dances taking place.
The Fabulous Trobadors engage in their songs with the defence of cultural (notably Occitan) identity, decentralisation, and the fight against economic neoliberalism. Together with other artists they have promoted the idea of the Linha Imaginòt, an imaginary line linking like-minded people, towns and villages, "a symbol of a movement towards greater cultural democracy".

</doc>
<doc id="9808211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808211" title="Jan Kees de Jager">
Jan Kees de Jager

Jan Cornelis "Jan Kees" de Jager (born February 10, 1969) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as State Secretary for Finance from February 22, 2007 until February 23, 2010 in the Cabinet Balkenende IV. De Jager became Minister of Finance following the resignation of Wouter Bos and served for the remaining parliamentary periode of the Cabinet Balkenende IV. De Jager remained as Minister of Finance following the formation of the Cabinet Rutte I after the Dutch general election of 2010, after he served a short term as a Member of the House of Representatives from June 17, 2010 until October 14, 2010. After the fall of the Cabinet Rutte I, De Jager was succeed as Minister of Finance on November 5, 2012 and returned to the businessworld.
Biography.
Early life.
De Jager studied at the Nyenrode Business University where he received his Bachelor of Business Administration degree in 1990. Subsequently, he studied at the Erasmus University Rotterdam where he obtained an Master of Science degree in Economic sociology and Business economics in 1994. He also obtained an Master of Laws degree at the same university in 1996.
In 1992, while still at university, De Jager founded Information technology company "Spectra Vision". All business activities were handed over to "ISM eCompany (Innovative Solutions in Media)" in 1997, the company of which De Jager was CEO until his appointment to the cabinet on 22 February 2010.
Besides his work as managing partner of the Rotterdam internet ISM eCompany (which he co-founded in 1992), De Jager is socially involved in different activities. He was a member of the executive board of the Christian Democratic Appeal and organizations of various social and economic issues. For his contribution to the success of the company he worked and his efforts in various ICT and innovative ancillary, De Jager received the ICT Personality 2006 Award of interbranch ICT ~ Office.
Politics.
State Secretary for Finance.
De Jager was State Secretary for Finance in the Cabinet Balkenende IV from 22 February 2007 to 23 February 2010. His portfolio was Fiscal Affairs.
De Jager took part in the 2008 G-20 Washington summit on financial crisis in Washington on 15 and 16 November 2008. De Jager would actually participate as acting Minister of Finance in the program of the Finance ministers. After consultation with the White House was decided that De Jager (currently the highest representative of the government in Washington) could participate in the summit as head of government. De Jager advocated by the Dutch contribution to the need to improve monitoring in a more prominent role of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.
Minister of Finance.
On 23 February 2010 following the resignation of Wouter Bos, and with him all the Labour Party members from the Cabinet Balkenende IV, De Jager became Minister of Finance. He worked on the 2011 budget and on 14 October 2010 De Jager remain as minister in the First Rutte cabinet; with Frans Weekers as State Secretary. On 26 February 2012 former Minister of Finance Onno Ruding, told in the program Eva Jinek on Sunday to have regular contact with De Jager on specific topics.
Personal.
In 2011, De Jager said that he is in a relationship with a man.

</doc>
<doc id="9808214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808214" title="Flammability">
Flammability

Flammability is how easily something will burn or ignite, causing fire or combustion. The degree of difficulty required to cause the combustion of a substance is quantified through fire testing. Internationally, a variety of test protocols exist to quantify flammability. The ratings achieved are used in building codes, insurance requirements, fire codes and other regulations governing the use of building materials as well as the storage and handling of highly flammable substances inside and outside of structures and in surface and air transportation. For instance, changing an occupancy by altering the flammability of the contents requires the owner of a building to apply for a building permit to make sure that the overall fire protection design basis of the facility can take the change into account.
Testing.
A fire test can be conducted to determine the degree of flammability. Test standards used to make this determination but are not limited to the following:
Categorization of building materials.
Materials can be tested for the degree of flammability and combustibility in accordance with the German DIN 4102. DIN 4102, as well as its British cousin BS 476 include for testing of passive fire protection systems, as well as some of its constituent materials.
The following are the categories in order of degree of combustibility as well as flammability:
A more recent norm is the European EN 13501-1 - Fire classification of construction products and building elements - which roughly replaces A2 with A2/B, B1 with C, B2 with D/E and B3 with F.
B3 or F rated materials may not be used in building unless combined with another material which reduces the flammability of those materials.
Important characteristics.
Flash point.
A material's flash point is a metric of how easy it is to ignite the vapor of the material as it evaporates into the atmosphere. A lower flash point indicates higher flammability. Materials with flash points below are regulated in the United States by OSHA as potential workplace hazards.
Examples of flammable substances.
Flammable substances include, but are not limited to:
Classification of flammability.
The US Government uses the Hazardous Materials Identification System (HMIS) standard for flammability ratings, as do many US regulatory agencies, and also the US National Fire Protection Association (NFPA).
The ratings are as follows:
Codes.
Flammability.
For existing buildings, fire codes focus on maintaining the occupancies as originally intended. In other words, if a portion of a building were designed as an apartment, one could not suddenly load it with flammable liquids and turn it into a gas storage facility, because the fire load and smoke development in that one apartment would be so immense as to overtax the active fire protection as well as the passive fire protection means for the building. The handling and use of flammable substances inside a building is subject to the local fire code, which is ordinarily enforced by the local fire prevention officer.
Flammable vs. inflammable.
"Flammable" and "inflammable" both mean "capable of burning". The word "inflammable" came from the Latin "inflammāre" = "to set fire to," where the prefix "in-" means "in" as in "indoctrinate", rather than "not" as in "invisible" and "ineligible". Nonetheless, "inflammable" is often erroneously thought to mean "non-flammable". This safety hazard has been avoided by the use of "flammable" on warning labels referring to physical combustibility. In the United States the word inflammable has been largely abandoned in common, scientific, industrial, and written language. Antonyms of flammable/inflammable are "non-flammable", "non-inflammable", "incombustible", "non-combustible", or simply "not flammable".

</doc>
<doc id="9808242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808242" title="Hejazi turban">
Hejazi turban

The Hejazi turban (also amamah or emamah عمامة) is a turban of the traditional uniform in the region of Hejaz (Makkah, Medina, Jeddah, Taif, and Yunbu). The ancient Arabic proverb "Turbans are Arabs' crowns" (Arabic: العمائم تيجان العرب) was originally coined based on the Hejazi uniform.
Versions.
The most well-known version is the orange two-wrap turban, also called the Ghabbana (Arabic: غبانة). The Ghabbana is commonly worn by artisans (people of professions), craftsmen, and the common people in the old districts such as 'Awlad 'al-Hara and the Ummdah. 
Another Hejazi turban is the white-colored one, worn by the Ulama'a and Imams of the holy mosques, scholars and merchants. Nowadays, the orange turbans are more common for folkloric purposes, or as a representation of the Arabic Hejazi cultural dress.

</doc>
<doc id="9808244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808244" title="Haapamäki railway station">
Haapamäki railway station

Haapamäki railway station (abbrev. Hpk, ) is a junction station in the village of Haapamäki, in Keuruu, Finland. Construction on the railway line from Tampere to Seinäjoki via Haapamäki was finished in 1882. When the railway line to Jyväskylä was built, Haapamäki became a junction station. The fourth line to branch off from Haapamäki was the Pori line, which was built in the 1930s.
This line saw heavy traffic until the 1970s, since all trains heading for Ostrobothnia and Jyväskylä went through Haapamäki. The number of trains heading for Ostrobothnia via Haapamäki dropped off in 1971 as a result of the line from Tampere to Seinäjoki via Parkano being built. The number dropped even further once the Pori line was closed.
Construction.
Haapamäki railway station was built over a two-year period, from 1880 to 1882. At the same time, construction was being started on a rail line between Tampere and Vaasa. Originally, the area around the station was sparsely populated wilderness, but a village quickly sprung up around the station. Beautiful log buildings were built for the stationmaster, the railway guard and other railway personnel. At the same time, some of the people building the station settled down permanently in the village and built themselves houses. The railway enticed merchants to the town as it offered them a substantial shipping advantage. By the time trains started rolling through the village in 1882, a village with several dozen houses had sprung up around the station. Haapamäki never saw any major industry roll into town, as there were no rapids nearby that could be used to generate energy; nor were there any major waterways nearby that could be used for transporting timber to the station.
Early stages.
Until the end of the 1800s, Haapamäki railway station's development was quite modest; this was, above all, due to the inability of the merchants to use the railway to their advantage and the municipality's reluctance to develop the station village, which was located far from downtown Keuruu. No wholesale trade ever developed as all the merchants focussed their efforts on retail sales, which proved not to be very profitable in such a small village. In that sense, Haapamäki was geographically in a favorable place for wholesaling as it would have been easy to competitively ship goods to Virrat and Ruovesi in the west and Jyväskylä in the east. The development of the station fell mainly on the shoulders of the Finland's State Railways, as the municipality refused to do anything. A fear of the village center fading away and the station village developing into the new business center was behind the municipality's decision. Furthermore, the majority of Haapamäki's inhabitants were not originally from Keuruu, which perhaps also caused the original residents to be jealous and resentful.
Becoming a junction station.
In spite of everything, the area around the station grew faster than downtown Keuruu did. State Railways continually built new housing for its growing staff. As Haapamäki became a junction station, the yard was expanded and a locomotive depot and water tower were built. The track connecting the Ostrobothnian line with the Savo line had already been planned for a long time, but quarrelling about the line pushed back construction. Russia's Ministry of War felt that this line was strategically important and demanded action to be quickly taken to get it built. Haapamäki became a junction station in 1897 when the line to Jyväskylä was established. Downtown Keuruu was along the new line and a station was built there because of it. The new station was christened Keuruu railway station and so the station in Haapamäki, which had been called Keuruu railway station until that point in time, was renamed Haapamäki railway station.
Haapamäki railway station's transformation into a junction station was a major turning point in the development of the station. The number of the State Railways staff at Haapamäki rose to 200. An enormous staff was required to deal with traffic, rolling stock, and the tracks themselves around the clock. Traffic was run from the station, which had several clerks and other workers working there. In addition to the engineer and conductor, trains had a lot of other staff on them, as well. The central storehouse for wood used as fuel for the steam locomotives was located in Haapamäki; this provided work for many locals. The wood was hauled to the station's wood yard by sledge from the surrounding forests and some were even shipped from nearby stations by train. Chopping the wood and loading it into the tender required a large workforce. One load of wood was enough for a train to reach the next loading point after Haapamäki, which were Seinäjoki, Jyväskylä, or Tampere in this case. The water tower supplied water for the engines to use to create steam and the depot was used for more demanding maintenance. Workers were required year-round to keep the track in shape. In winter, snow was removed from the tracks and in the summertime, the sleepers were changed and workers ensured that the track was sound enough for trains to run on it.
The livelihood of the State Railways staff was stable, which encouraged an ever increasing number of professionals in other sectors to move to Haapamäki. The village continued to grow despite the fact that it had no industry to speak of and business was not very profitable. One of the major barriers to developing business was the free tickets that railway workers received and that they used to go to town to do business and shop.
A significant step in the development of Haapamäki railway station was the construction of the Haapamäki–Pori line in the beginning of the 1930s. Due to increased traffic, additional tracks were built on the west side of the railway yard. At the same time, the level crossing north of the station was removed and a flyover was built for the road. Thanks to the Pori line, it was possible for trains to head in four different directions from Haapamäki, which was rare in Finland at that point in time. Thus the number of staff grew and more construction was needed. The depot was enlarged and the wood yard expanded. The Finnish State Railway had a four-story brick building built near the station with 24 apartments for railroad workers. At the same time, a large number of single-family houses were built around the station and 40 single-family houses were built in the Kumpulampi section of the village. Thanks to the new line, the station rose in the ranks, which also affected the increases in the wages that staff received.
Soon after the Pori line was built, plans were laid to build a line between Haapamäki and Saarijärvi. The Finnish Defence Forces and Members of Parliament from Central Finland stood behind the project because they felt that it was important and it would shorten the trip south of the Haapamäki-Jyväskylä line by 100 km, which would also make it possible to reach Tampere via Haapamäki without having to go through Jyväskylä first. The project was pushed by MP Taavi Vilhula and the proposal was quickly passed in Parliament. The line was marked out in the terrain at the end of the 1930s with one of the most important stations along the way being Multia, which was where MP Vilhula was from. The eruption of World War II, however, caused construction on the line to stop and the severe war reparations that Finland had to pay put a damper on further construction for a long time even once the war was over. The decision to build the line was finally shelved when plans to build a direct line between Jyväskylä and Jämsä were launched.
Buildings.
The first station building was built at the beginning of the 1880s and it started to be used for that purpose in 1882 when trains started running between Tampere and Vaasa. The building was located on the west end of the railway yard. When Haapamäki became a junction station after the christening of the line to Jyväskylä, a new station building was built on the east end of the yard. The old station was turned into a house for the stationmaster. An expansive park was next to it; this park was called Gröndahl's Park after the stationmaster at the time. When the railway yard was expanded to accommodate the line to Pori in 1937, the park was razed and the old station building dismantled. It is said that Gröndahl sent 2,000 plant species and varieties to the Botanic Garden of the University of Helsinki.
Haapamäki's new station building was completed in 1897. It was designed by Bruno Granholm and represents the Romantic Nationalist style. Separate waiting rooms were built for second and third class passengers. A restaurant occupied one end of the building and both passengers and locals dine there. Up until the beginning of the 1900s, passenger trains stopped in Haapamäki for approximately 30 minutes so passengers could refresh themselves in the restaurant.
Due to growing demand, the Finland's State Railways had a separate station restaurant built north of the station building proper in the 1940s. The new two-storey restaurant building had a dining area and a kitchen downstairs and staff rooms upstairs. The 1940s were good for the restaurant, as there were still relatively few cars and as the Karelian evacuees traveled a lot. The restaurant's popularity fell off sharply, however, mainly due to an ever increasing number of people traveling in private cars, which in turn meant that fewer people took the train. Also, schedules were tightened in order to remain competitive with car travel, allowing less time for a relaxed meal. The restaurant saw its business drop even farther once beer could freely be sold in coffee shops. In addition, the restaurant being open at night due to train traffic meant that the great majority of customers were drinking alcohol, which, in turn, made the experience less enjoyable and finally ended up being the reason for the restaurant closing down.
Stationmasters.
The following individuals have served as stationmasters at Haapamäki railway station:
The title for stationmasters at Haapamäki railway station has been "head of the traffic area" since 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="9808245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808245" title="Goídel Glas">
Goídel Glas

According to an Irish and Scottish medieval tradition, Goídel Glas (Latinised as Gathelus) is the creator of the Goidelic languages and the eponymous ancestor of the Gaels.
The tradition can be traced to the 11th-century Lebor Gabála Érenn. A Scottish variant is due to John of Fordun (d. 1384).
Lebor Gabála Érenn.
The narrative in the Lebor Gabála Érenn is a fictional account of the origin of the Gaels as the descendants of the Scythian prince Fénius Farsaid, one of seventy-two chieftains who built the Tower of Babel. Goídel Glas was the son of Nel (son of Fénius) and Scota (daughter of a Pharaoh of Egypt). Goídel Glas is credited with the creation of Gaelic (proto-Irish language) from the original seventy-two languages that arose at the time of the confusion of tongues. His descendants, the Gaels, undergo a series of trials and tribulations that are clearly modelled on those of the Israelites in the Old Testament. They flourish in Egypt at the time of Moses and leave during the Exodus; they wander the world for 440 years before eventually settling in the Iberian Peninsula. There, Goídel's descendant Breogán founds a city called Brigantia, and builds a tower from the top of which his son Íth glimpses Ireland. Brigantia refers to Corunna in Galicia (which was then known as Brigantium) and Breogán's tower is likely based on the Tower of Hercules (which was built at Corunna by the Romans).
An interesting anecdote in the LGE tells how Gaidel Glas, son of Nel (Keating: Niul), was cured of a serpent's sting when Moses made fervent prayer and touched his rod upon the lad's wound. An inserted verse in an earlier passage says of Gaidel: "green were his arms and his vesture". O'Clery's redaction of the Lebor Gabála adds that the snake bite left a green ring on the boy, from which he earned his nickname of Gaidel Glas (meaning "Green"). Keating also repeats this quoting a glossarial verse, although he prefaces it with an alternate derivation of the nickname from the word for lock ()
John of Fordun.
A Scottish version of the tale of Goídel Glas and Scota was recorded by John of Fordun. This is apparently not based on the main Irish "Lebor Gabála" account. Fordun refers to multiple sources, and his version is taken to be an attempt to synthesise these multiple accounts into a single history.
In Fordun's version, Gaythelos, as he calls Goídel Glas, is the son of "a certain king of the countries of Greece, Neolus, or Heolaus, by name", who was exiled to Egypt and took service with the Pharaoh, marrying Pharaoh's daughter Scota. Various accounts of how Gaythelos came to be expelled from Egypt—by a revolt following the death of Pharaoh and his army in the Red Sea, pursuing Moses, or in terror from the Plagues of Egypt, or after an invasion by Ethiopians—are given, but the upshot is that Gaythelos and Scota are exiled together with Greek and Egyptian nobles, and they settle in Hispania after wandering for many years. In the Iberian Peninsula they settle in the land's northwest corner, at a place called Brigancia (the city of A Coruña, that the Romans knew as "Brigantium").

</doc>
<doc id="9808247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808247" title="Vita lögner">
Vita lögner

Vita lögner (White lies) is a Swedish soap opera that aired on TV3, (1997-2002). The plot focused on the social life of the hospital staff and families in the fictional town of Strömsvik.
"Vita lögner" was TV3's first big soap opera hit after Kanal5 bought "Vänner och fiender" from them in 1997.
Many big stars in Sweden have done roles in the show, among them Alexander Skarsgård, Petra Hultgren, Anna Järphammar and Maud Adams. Charlotte Perrelli (then Nilsson) had a bigger role as Milla Svensson during 1997-1998.
It was after Kanal5 bought the rights to "Vänner och fiender" and TV3 saw what a huge success the show was for the channel that they decided to produce "Vita lögner" to compete over the same time slot.
DVD.
Scanbox has suggested that the series will be released on DVD. When the original material, however, was found to be of poor technical quality, the proposal had been put on hold until further notice. Later Scanbox chose not to issue the series.

</doc>
<doc id="9808254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808254" title="John Robins (rugby player)">
John Robins (rugby player)

John Robins (17 May 1926 – 21 February 2007), was an international rugby union player who attained 11 caps for Wales between 1950 and 1953. A prop, he toured New Zealand and Australia with the British and Irish Lions in 1950 and became the first Lions coach, on the 1966 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand.
Robins was born in Cardiff. He was educated at Llandaff Cathedral School and Wellington School. He joined the Royal Navy and served in World War II. He played for England in two wartime Services Internationals. He trained as a teacher at Loughborough and returned there as a lecturer before taking up the post of Director of Physical Education and Recreation at Sheffield University and subsequently the same position at University College, Cardiff.

</doc>
<doc id="9808257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808257" title="National Youth Service">
National Youth Service

In the 21st century, an increasing number of young people are enrolling in civilian or non-military national services, generally referred to as National Youth Services. Civilian national services have been instituted for varying reasons, such as to foster national unity; to make conscription more equitable; to provide young people with experience, perhaps to improve their employability; to achieve certain social objectives, such as helping poor people or the environment; or to allow students to fund their education. Civilian national services have been formed in over 30 countries. Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="9808261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808261" title="Matt Pegg">
Matt Pegg

Matt Pegg (born Matthew Pegg, 27 March 1971 ) is an English musician and bass guitarist.
Pegg is the son of Fairport Convention and Jethro Tull bass guitar player Dave Pegg. He is an experienced bass guitarist in his own right and has been known to stand in for his father on Jethro Tull tours. He has recorded with Francis Dunnery, Ian Brown and Chris Difford.
Pegg began his professional career in 1989, aged 16, with the band Blinder who played in a contemporary progressive rock style. Blinder played two very successful support slots with the band It Bites, which brought Pegg to the attention of future employer Francis Dunnery. (The other members of Blinder would later form the band Headswim - who signed to Polydor Records - and BlackCar.)
Pegg appeared on Dunnery's "Man" album in 2001, and toured with him on his "Hometown" tour (as well as appearing on the "Hometown (Live)" album of the following year).
Since 1993 Pegg has been a member of the group Procol Harum; touring with them regularly and appearing on their "The Well's on Fire" album and "Live at the Union Chapel" DVD. He is currently touring with folk-rock group "The Gathering".

</doc>
<doc id="9808263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9808263" title="Sokół (rapper)">
Sokół (rapper)

Sokół (), real name Wojciech Sosnowski () is an MC born in Warsaw, Poland 11 March 1977. Founder of ZIP Skład (Ziomki I Przyjaciele) and WWO (W Witrynach Odbicia, W Wyjątkowych Okolicznościach), together with DJ Deszczu Strugi, and Jędker. He recorded four albums with WWO (in the years 2000 - 2005, two of them sold gold), three albums with Pono as Sokol feat. Pono (in the years 2007 - 2009, one gold) and one album with his girlfriend partner Marysia Starosta (2011). He lives in Poland, but lived in Latvia and Georgia for two years. Estimated of his textes and thoroughgoing rap. Founder and co-owner of Prosto Label and Prosto Wear.

</doc>
