<doc id="9754504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754504" title="Meta-power">
Meta-power

Meta-Power is a concept of having control not simply of individuals, but of the social structures themselves. The idea has stemmed from work by sociologists such as Tom R. Burns and Peter Hall, the economist Thomas Baumgartner, as well as by political scientists such as James Rosenau and Stephen D. Krasner. Its study often uses the language of game theory since at some level, having meta-power over a group of people means that one can control the form of the game, thereby controlling the outcome.
Background.
Power and social control are typically conceptualized and investigated in terms of interpersonal or intergroup relationships in which one actor tries to get another to do something, usually against the latter's will. That is, power is on the level of interaction or relationships involving “situated contests between opposing actors”. The object of power is more or less direct behavioral control. Such an approach to the study of power captures only a part of the power activities of groups, organizations, and states.
A large, and historically more important part involves attempts to structure or re-structure the social and cultural matrix within which power activities are played out; such structuring may involve the manipulation of institutional arrangements, norms, and values. A given institutional or socio-cultural structure may be viewed as the macroscopic resultant of the application of structural or meta-power to determine permissible or acceptable activities and relationships of individuals and groups to one another and to resources or forms of property.
Conceptualization.
Since the mid-1970s there emerged a substantial body of work on meta-power or relational and structural control, that is control over social relationships and social structure, the structuring of interaction situations and conditions, for instance the opportunity structures of the actors, their payoff structures and incentive systems, and their orientations, beliefs, and norms vis a vis one another.
Although structural types of control have specific behavioral consequences and may be used as a means of behavioral control, the purpose of its exercise is generally the long-term structuring of institutional arrangements, key social processes and their outcomes: the individual and collective activities of those whose social relationships are structured. Structural control is used by social groups to ensure the effective functioning of a social system and/or to promote or stabilize their advantages or dominance over others. Among other things, it may be used to encourage cooperative social organization on the one hand, or to produce competition or conflict between actors on the other, and generally, to increase power in relation to others. 
There are at least three bases of structural control with respect to such systems: control of action opportunities, control of differential payoffs or outcomes of interaction, and control of cultural orientations and ideology. That is, conditions of social action and interaction are structured with the result that certain social relationships and institutional arrangements are established and maintained.
In investigations of the exercise of meta-power, one is also interested in differences among actors in resources, skills, strategies, and so forth, but the main focus is on capacities to mobilize power resources to manipulate the matrix of rules or "the rules of the game," other conditions of interaction, and the distribution of resources as well as normative and ideological orientations. Meta-power entails the capacity to shape and set the limits of lower order power. Clearly, although an actor B may have social power within an interaction situation or "game" (e.g., greater ability than others to select a preferred outcome or to realize his will over the opposition of others within that social structural context (e.g., Dahl, Weber), he or she may or may not have power to structure social relationships, to alter the "type of game" the actors play, the rules and institutions and related conditions governing interactions or exchanges among the actors involved.
The Case of Capitalist Systems.
When one speaks of power in connection with capitalism, one typically thinks of the powers of the capitalists and their diverse lieutenants. But capitalist systems are characterized by structural forms of power, the exercise of meta-power and various forms of relational control. These systems operate to change the world, not only in material terms (production systems, products, infrastructures as well as depletion of resources, pollution of the environment, alteration of ecological systems) but in social and psychological terms (changing people’s levels of resources, their welfare; changing communities, occupations, lifestyles, cultural perspectives). Capitalist systems impact then not only on individuals, but communities, resource bases, and ecological systems. These are extraordinary powers shaping and reshaping human lives and destinies.
The multiple powers of capitalism is based on a complex of institutions, which are historical constructions of human agents: property regimes, production and distribution systems, managerial and accounting systems, finance and banking, etc. For Max Weber, possession of property and the lack of property are the basic characteristics of all class situations, but capitalism is more than property regimes, it involves enterprises with their management and control systems, the organization of markets, financial complexes, banks, etc. These entail powers and dis-powers; classes, capitalist owners (whether individuals or collectives), top managers, expert advisors; supervisors, foremen, workers, excluded and marginalized groups – as in the case of any institutional arrangement. There is systematic organized bias distinguishing classes of people in terms of possession of or access to powers in capitalist systems. And those lacking the means or access to the control functions of capitalism – or to the countervailing powers, for example, political—are subject to it. 
The powers of capitalism not only impact on our lives in myriad ways but transform us, operating as an “external, in many ways invisible force” to which most of us are subject. Of course, there are also capitalist agents, what Marx and Engels referred to as the bourgeoisie (Karl Marx and Frederick Engels, The Communist Manifesto, 1848). Leading members of the bourgeoisie are powerful, but are nevertheless constrained to act in particular ways. They are driven by the pursuit of profit and competition, and they rapidly develop and improve instruments of production. “Through developing facilitated means of communication, they “draw all, even the most barbarian, nations into civilization. The cheap prices of commodities are the heavy artillery with which it bourgeoisie forces the barbarians' intensely obstinate hatred of foreigners to capitulate. It compels all nations, on pain of extinction, to adopt the bourgeois mode of production; it compels them to introduce what it calls civilization into their midst, i.e., to become bourgeois themselves. In one word, it creates a world after its own image.”
Basic Types.
The operation of meta-power on a systemic level, for example, capitalism as a complex of meta-power, can be distinguished from that of particular agents, the bourgeoisie, for instance their positional structuring powers:
Structural meta-power.
Structural meta-power shapes and constrains the social conditions of social agents, their interactions, their opportunities, and limitations. For instance, institutions and institutional arrangements such as those of capitalism and the state entail organizational bias, that shapes opportunities, that provides careers, status, income, limited power over others as well as constrains certain activities and developments. Rules, procedures, and programs generate patterns of social activities, effects, and developments. Institutional selection may operate, for instance, to change the frequency of certain activity patterns or to alter the distribution of resources (concentration, and centralization, e.g. through ratchet effects), to determine the parameters of power, the forms and types of games actors play. A system like capitalism entails generative processes of meta-power (based on accumulative processes which provide the resource base (material, knowledge, social, political) combined with knowledge development to set in motion new economic and socio-technical developments. Major socio-technical systems, once established, operate as legislative bodies shaping and reshaping human conditions.
Agential meta-power.
Agential meta-power is where some agents shape particular structural conditions and institutional arrangements for other actors: to establish a constitution; to carry out substantial reforms, to restructure an industry, to transform social relationships and interaction opportunities and potentialities. The state launches projects, protects workers vis-à-vis their employers, supports (or blocks) the development of nuclear power, and outlaws certain chemicals, and, in general, regulates societal interactions with the environment. 
Among the processes and developments in which meta-power researchers are interested, some involve powerful agents, for instance capitalist leaders, using their positions of structural power to mobilize resources in order to develop new systems of production, new products, new institutional arrangements, for example in the shaping of economic globalization. The initiatives may also come from state agencies, for example, to establish an infrastructure (airport, highway system, water system, electricity networks) or a regulatory agency; or, the initiative may come from a dominant political leader or party with a mandate (possibly presumed) to reform or transform social conditions. One or more agents is involved in mobilizing power resources for the purposes of launching a project(s), program(s), and institutional innovations. Such projects may be anticipated – or are experienced – by other agents as having positive and/or negative impacts, or possibly mixed consequences along with negative. Opposition may emerge and try to block or modify the project(s). This is part of the dialectics of meta-power and social change, as analyzed and illustrated in a number of works of dating back to the mid-1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="9754505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754505" title="Tintypes">
Tintypes

Tintypes is a musical revue conceived by Mary Kyte with Mel Marvin and Gary Pearle.
With its time frame set between the turn of the 20th century and the onset of World War I, this chamber piece with a cast of five provides a musical history lesson focusing on an exciting and tumultuous period in American history. During this time, the country's population doubled, expanded by increased immigration that changed the cultural and ethnic makeup of the nation. The transcontinental railroad and Carnegie Hall were built, electricity and the telephone were introduced to homes, cowboy Theodore Roosevelt became President of the United States, automobiles joined horse-drawn carriages on city streets, and children worked in factories for twenty-five cents a day.
"Tintypes" opens with a quintessential immigrant, a mime eventually introduced to a variety of characters, including hopeful strivers and dream-filled achievers among the common folk and politician William Jennings Bryan, radical Emma Goldman, inventors Thomas Edison and Henry Ford, and glamorous entertainer Anna Held among the famous.
The score, featuring works by George M. Cohan, John Philip Sousa, Joseph E. Howard, Scott Joplin, and Victor Herbert, among others, is a blend of the patriotic songs, romantic tunes, and ragtime popular during the era.
The revue originally was produced by the Arena Stage in Washington, D.C.. An off-Broadway production opened on April 17, 1980 at the York Theatre, where it ran for 137 performances.
After eleven previews, the Broadway production, directed by Pearle and choreographed by Kyte, opened on October 23, 1980 at the John Golden Theatre, where it ran for 93 performances. The cast was Lynne Thigpen, Jerry Zaks, Trey Wilson, Carolyn Mignini, and Mary Catherine Wright.
An original cast recording was released by DRG.

</doc>
<doc id="9754515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754515" title="Saturn Devouring His Son">
Saturn Devouring His Son

Saturn Devouring His Son is the name given to a painting by Spanish artist Francisco Goya. According to the traditional interpretation, it depicts the Greek myth of the Titan Cronus (in the title Romanised to Saturn), who, fearing that he would be overthrown by one of his children, ate each one upon their birth. The work is one of the 14 "Black Paintings" that Goya painted directly onto the walls of his house sometime between 1819 and 1823. It was transferred to canvas after Goya's death and has since been held in the Museo del Prado in Madrid.
Background.
In 1819, Goya purchased a house on the banks of Manzanares near Madrid called "Quinta del Sordo" ("Villa of the Deaf Man"). It was a two-story house which was named after a previous occupant who had been deaf, although the name was fitting for Goya too, who had been left deaf after contracting a fever in 1792. Between 1819 and 1823, when he left the house to move to Bordeaux, Goya produced a series of 14 works, which he painted with oils directly onto the walls of the house. At the age of 73, and having survived two life-threatening illnesses, Goya was likely to have been concerned with his own mortality, and was increasingly embittered by the civil strife occurring in Spain. Although he initially decorated the rooms of the house with more inspiring images, in time he overpainted them all with the intense haunting pictures known today as the "Black Paintings". Uncommissioned and never meant for public display, these pictures reflect his darkening mood with some intense scenes of malevolence and conflict.
"Saturn Devouring His Son", a disturbing portrait of the titan Saturn consuming one of his children, was one of six works with which Goya decorated the dining room. According to Roman myth (inspired by the original Greek myth), it had been foretold that one of the sons of Saturn would overthrow him, just as he had overthrown his father, Caelus. To prevent this, Saturn ate his children moments after each was born. His wife Ops eventually hid his sixth son, Jupiter, on the island of Crete, deceiving Saturn by offering a stone wrapped in swaddling in his place. Jupiter eventually supplanted his father just as the prophecy had predicted.
Goya never named the works he produced at "Quinta del Sordo"; the names were assigned by others after his death, and this painting is also known as just "Saturn", "Saturn Devouring One of His Sons", "Saturn Devouring his Children" or by the Spanish names "Saturno devorando a su hijo" or "Saturno devorando a un hijo".
Painting.
Goya depicts Saturn feasting upon one of his sons. His child's head and part of the left arm has already been consumed. The right arm has probably been eaten too, though it could be folded in front of the body and held in place by Saturn's thumbs. The titan is on the point of taking another bite from the left arm; as he looms from the darkness, his mouth gapes and his eyes bulge whitely. The only other brightness in the picture comes from the white flesh, the red blood of the corpse, the white knuckles of Saturn as he digs his fingers into the back of the body. There is evidence that the picture may have originally portrayed the titan with a partially erect penis, but, if ever present, this addition was lost due to the deterioration of the mural over time or during the transfer to canvas; in the picture today the area around his groin is indistinct. It may even have been overpainted deliberately before the picture was put on public display.
Various interpretations of the meaning of the picture have been offered: the conflict between youth and old age, time as the devourer of all things, the wrath of God and an allegory of the situation in Spain, where the fatherland consumed its own children in wars and revolution. There have been explanations rooted in Goya's relationships with his own son, Xavier, the only of his six children to survive to adulthood, or with his live-in housekeeper and possible mistress, Leocadia Weiss; the sex of the body being consumed can not be determined with certainty. If Goya made any notes on the picture, they have not survived; as he never intended the picture for public exhibition, he probably had little interest in explaining its significance. It has been said that the painting is "essential to our understanding of the human condition in modern times, just as Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel ceiling is essential to understanding the tenor of the 16th century".
Goya may have been inspired by Peter Paul Rubens' 1636 picture of the same name. Rubens' painting, also held at the Museo del Prado, is a brighter, more conventional treatment of the myth: his Saturn exhibits less of the cannibalistic ferocity portrayed in Goya's rendition. However, some critics have suggested that Rubens' portrayal is the more horrific: the god is portrayed as a calculating remorseless killer, who – fearing for his own position of power – murders his innocent child. Goya's vision, on the other hand, shows a man driven mad by the act of killing his own son. In addition, the body of the son in Goya's picture is that of an adult, not the helpless baby depicted by Rubens. Goya had produced a chalk drawing of the same subject in 1796-7 that was closer in tone to Rubens' work: it showed a Saturn similar in appearance to that of Rubens', daintily biting on the leg of one of his sons while he holds another like a leg of chicken, with none of the gore or madness of the later work. Goya scholar Fred Licht has raised doubts regarding the traditional title however, noting that the classical iconographical attributes associated with Saturn are absent from the painting, and the body of the smaller figure does not resemble that of an infant. The rounded buttocks and wide hips of the headless corpse has also called into question the identification of this figure as a male.
Transfer from the Quinta del Sordo.
Although they were not meant to be seen by the public, the paintings remain important works in Goya's oeuvre. When Goya went into self-imposed exile in France in 1823, he passed "Quinta del Sordo" to his grandson, Mariano. After various changes of ownership, the house came into the possession of the Belgian Baron Emile d'Erlanger in 1874. After 70 years on the walls of "Quinta del Sordo", the murals were deteriorating badly and, in order to preserve them, the new owner of the house had them transferred to canvas under the direction of Salvador Martinez Cubells, the curator of the Museo del Prado. After showing them at the Exposition Universelle of 1878 in Paris, d'Erlanger eventually donated them to the Spanish state. The effects of time on the murals, coupled with the inevitable damage caused by the delicate operation of mounting the crumbling plaster on canvas, meant that most of the murals required restoration work and some detail may have been lost, but in this respect "Saturn Devouring His Son" appears to have fared better than some of the other works.

</doc>
<doc id="9754539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754539" title="Cornerstone Florida">
Cornerstone Florida

Cornerstone Florida was an annual American Christian rock festival held in Orlando, Florida from 2003 to 2007, a satellite festival of the original Cornerstone Festival in Illinois. It was one of the twenty-five festivals recogonized by the Christian Festival Association. It has hosted such bands as Relient K, Kutless, Anberlin, and Family Force 5. In addition to hosting national bands on the main stages, it also allowed for local Christian bands in the area (and from around the state) to perform on side stages for the passing crowds to see and experience.
Starting during the 2004 festival, Cornerstone Florida made an emphasis on doing more than music as they introduced worship and seminar stages for those in attendance who were interested. Groups like Chris Tomlin, Shane and Shane, and others were featured. Although the worship-only stage was removed during the 2005-2007 festivals, worship leaders such as David Crowder were still prevalent and signed to play. 
Demise.
On December 10, 2007 it was announced on the Cornerstone Florida website that there would be no Cornerstone Florida in 2008, and no indication of a return of a Florida festival event.
2006 Bands.
Friday, May 12.
Stage 1:
Stage 2:
Indoor Stage:
Showcase Stage:
Saturday, May 13.
Stage 1:
Stage 2:
Indoor Stage:

</doc>
<doc id="9754540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754540" title="Mario Chiesa">
Mario Chiesa

Mario Chiesa (born in Milan, December 12, 1944) was an Italian politician and member of the Italian Socialist Party. In 1992 Chiesa was arrested on charges of corruption, leading to the mani pulite trials, and eventually to a restructuring of Italian politics. In 2009 he was arrested again, under charges related to waste treatment in Milan.

</doc>
<doc id="9754543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754543" title="CH–CH oxidoreductases">
CH–CH oxidoreductases

CH–CH oxidoreductases are oxidoreductase enzymes that convert single bonds and double bonds between two carbon atoms. They are classified under EC number 1.3.
One example is 5-alpha reductase:
Note the major difference—the Δ4,5 double-bond on the A (leftmost) ring. (The other differences between the diagrams are unrelated to chemical structure.)

</doc>
<doc id="9754546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754546" title="Château de Sales">
Château de Sales

The Château de Sales is a ruined castle in the "commune" of Thorens-Glières in the Haute-Savoie "département" of France. It is often confused with the nearby Château de Thorens.
History.
The Château de Sales was the home of the Sales family in Thorens until the beginning of the 17th century, when they built and moved to the Château de Thorens, a few hundred metres away, where they still reside. 
The Château de Sales is known to have existed before 1249 and was remodelled in the 15th and 16th centuries. It was destroyed in 1630 on the orders of Louis XIII, during his invasion of Savoy. This was in reprisal for the resistance of Louis Sales, younger brother of Saint Francis de Sales, captain-governor of the Château d'Annecy. The latter had refused to surrender the Annecy castle to the King's troops, commanded by Gaspard III de Coligny, Maréchal de Châtillon.
In 1672, three nephews of Louis Sales, including Monseigneur Charles-Auguste de Sales, Prince-bishop of Geneva, built a chapel on the ruins of the Château de Sales, on the precise location of the room where Saint François de Sales had been born. In the 19th century, it was restored by the architect Ruphy for count François de Roussy de Sales (1860-1943). A cellar was added in which were laid the ashes of his ancestors, until then buried in the church at Thorens (Saint Sébastien chapel).
This chapel has since been the necropolis of the Roussy de Sales family. The last count of Thorens, Jean-François de Roussy de Sales (1928-1999), grandson of count François, is buried there with the greater part of his ancestors.
The site has been classified as "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture since 1982. Visible today are the 13th century Round Tower, the postern and a square tower from the 16th century and the residence, built in the 16th century and enlarged in the 19th. Opposite the chapel, a cross shows visitors where Francis de Sales was supposedly inspired by God to create the "Order of the Visitation of Holy Mary".

</doc>
<doc id="9754548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754548" title="Wes Saunders">
Wes Saunders

Wes Saunders (born 23 February 1963) is an English former professional footballer and football club manager.
Saunders was born in Sunderland and brought up in Boldon Colliery, attending Boldon Comprehensive school. He began his career as a junior with Newcastle United, turning professional in June 1981.
Increasingly out of the first team picture at Newcastle, Saunders joined Bradford City on loan in March 1985, moving to Carlisle United for a fee of £20,000 in August 1985.
Saunders subsequently joined Dundee before joining Torquay United in July 1990 for a then club record fee of £60,000. He captained the Torquay side to promotion the following season, Torquay beating Blackpool on penalties in the play-off final at Wembley. The following season he had a lengthy spell as caretaker manager of the team following the sacking of John Impey, and reverted to his playing role upon the appointment of Ivan Golac as manager. His professional playing career was ended by a knee ligament injury just a couple years later.
On leaving Torquay he played non-league football for Spennymoor United and went on to play for and coach a number of non-league sides in the north east of England while working in his family's textile firm.
In summer 1998, Saunders became manager of Torquay United, this time on a permanent basis, after the departure of Kevin Hodges. He struggled to maintain the progress made by Hodges and in the 2000–01 season, Torquay struggled to the extent that former player Colin Lee was brought in as a consultant. Saunders was dismissed by Torquay on 28 March 2001 after a 1-0 defeat to Carlisle United F.C. the previous week had left the club at the bottom of the league and facing relegation to the Football Conference.
He subsequently became a player agent and his players included former England international Paul Gascoigne.
He is the brother-in-law of former Torquay United players Matt Elliott and Micky Holmes.
He now lives in East Boldon with his wife, Tina and two children, Lola and Harris Saunders.

</doc>
<doc id="9754551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754551" title="Brina Palencia">
Brina Palencia

Brina Michelle Palencia (born February 13, 1984 in Oklahoma) is an American actress, voice actress, ADR director, and singer primarily known for her work for Funimation/OkraTron 5000. She has provided numerous voices for Japanese anime series, and video games.
Biography.
Palencia was born in Oklahoma but lived in Honduras until she was 4. Throughout her childhood she went back and forth between La Ceiba, Honduras and Owasso, Oklahoma. She graduated from Weatherford High School in 2002. Eventually she settled in Dallas, Texas where she makes her living as an actress and musician.
Apart from her adult female voices, Palencia has been cast in younger male and female roles as well. Her brother Gino also works at Funimation as an ADR engineer and production assistant. She graduated from University of North Texas with a Bachelor of Arts in Music. She was formerly one of the hosts of GameStop TV and can be seen in several independent films.

</doc>
<doc id="9754554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754554" title="Donnie Davies">
Donnie Davies

Donnie Davies is a fictional character who is featured in a number of websites. Davies describes himself as an Anabaptist youth pastor, "reformed homosexual", and lead singer for the band Evening Service. Davies and the band were unknown until the release of the music video for the anti-homosexuality song "The Bible Says" on the Internet in January 2007. Davies claims affiliation with the organization Love God's Way Ministries, which launched a website around the same time as the release of the video. He is also the founder and spokesman for the C.H.O.P.S. program. The acronym stands for "Changing Homosexuals into Ordinary People". C.H.O.P.S. is promoted through Love God's Way's website.
His video was removed from YouTube.com without comment from the company and has been removed by Google. It has since been put back up on YouTube.
Controversy.
Much of the initial controversy revolved around whether or not Davies is genuinely promoting an anti-gay agenda, or if this is a viral marketing campaign. Some gay rights advocates acknowledge that as a spoof it is humorous, but claim the message behind it is still as malicious as someone who seriously possessed the opinion. Debate has quickly risen regarding the authenticity of Davies' youth ministry activities, the band Evening Service, and the organization Love God's Way ranging from entertainment publications such as "Spin" to thousands of personal blogs[http://www.google.com/search?q=%22Donnie+Davies%22+&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-a] Some in the blogosphere maintained that Davies was truly seeking to "convert" other homosexuals to heterosexuality . Others considered Davies ministry and the video part of a carefully designed hoax mocking the Christian Conservative community. Other controversies involve the claims on Donnie's website of what music "will make you gay." This included some of his own music.
Gay rights organizations, such as Heartstrong, are addressing this as a serious threat to the gay community.
Several blogs speculated that Donnie Davies was a character created by improv actor Todd Quillen or out gay director Jason Bolicki.
On 9 February 2007, MTV News Webcam Correspondent posted a video on YouTube, proving Donnie Davies to be a character played by actor Joey Oglesby. The piece interviewed the actor and director and included their surprise that anyone took the video as being serious.

</doc>
<doc id="9754555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754555" title="Don Blackmon">
Don Blackmon

Donald Kirk Blackmon (born March 14, 1958) is an American football coach and former linebacker. Most recently he was the defensive coordinator for the New York Sentinels of the United Football League.
Playing career.
Blackmon was selected by the New England Patriots in the fourth round of the 1981 NFL Draft. A 6'3". 235 lbs. linebacker from the University of Tulsa, Blackmon played his entire NFL career for the Patriots. He started 72 of 89 games and recorded 541 tackles, 30.5 sacks, and five interceptions before being forced to retire after a neck injury in a game against the Raiders in 1987. He was on the Patriots AFC title team in 1986. Blackmon was a three time all-conference selection at Tulsa and has been named to the school's Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9754566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754566" title="Sara Thornton (police officer)">
Sara Thornton (police officer)

Sara Joanne Thornton CBE QPM (born 27 December 1962) is a British police officer who is the Chief Constable of Thames Valley Police and Vice President of the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO). She replaced former Chief Constable Peter Neyroud who, in January 2007, moved to the role of Chief Executive of the National Policing Improvement Agency.
Thornton was born in Poole, Dorset. She attended the University of Durham and gained a BA in philosophy and politics. Thornton also has a Diploma in Applied Criminology from the Cambridge Institute of Criminology.
Thornton's policing career began with the Metropolitan Police in 1986. For the next 14 years she alternated between operational postings in West London and strategic roles within New Scotland Yard. She joined Thames Valley Police as the Assistant Chief Constable for Specialist Operations in November 2000 and was appointed Deputy Chief Constable in August 2003, where her responsibilities included performance and developing the strategic direction for the Force. More recently she has played a pivotal role in implementing Neighbourhood Policing across the Thames Valley.
Honours.
In June 2006 she was awarded the Queen's Police Medal. She was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2011 New Year Honours, for services to the police.
In February 2013 she was assessed as the 18th most powerful woman in Britain by "Woman's Hour" on BBC Radio 4.

</doc>
<doc id="9754571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754571" title="Alejandro Calvo García">
Alejandro Calvo García

Alejandro Calvo García (born 1 January 1972 in Ordizia, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country), aka Jandro, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Football career.
After unsuccessfully emerging through Real Sociedad's youth ranks and playing with amateurs SD Beasain, Jandro started his professional career with local SD Eibar also in the Basque Country, often playing as a forward. In two seasons of play which were spent in the second division, he amassed totals of 47 games and four goals.
In 1996, aged 24, García joined English side Scunthorpe United. On 29 May 1999, his goal in the play-off final against Leyton Orient secured "The Iron" promotion to the second level.
After eight seasons and 268 official appearances for Scunthorpe, with 41 goals, Jandro returned to his country and played amateur football with Torrellano CF, retiring in 2008 at the age of 36.
Post-retirement.
After retiring Calvo, alongside journalist Íñigo Gurruchaga, wrote a book about his days with Scunthorpe, called "Scunthorpe hasta la muerte" ("Scunthorpe until i die").

</doc>
<doc id="9754584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754584" title="Something Special (song)">
Something Special (song)

"Something Special" is a song recorded by the American rock singer Tina Turner. It was recorded in 1996 for her album "Wildest Dreams" but did not make the final track list because it did not fit with the style of the rest of the record. The song was finally released on her 2004 greatest-hits compilation, "All the Best".

</doc>
<doc id="9754585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754585" title="St Luke's Hospital for Lunatics">
St Luke's Hospital for Lunatics

St Luke's Hospital for Lunatics was founded in London in 1751 for the treatment of incurable pauper lunatics by a group of philanthropic apothecaries and others. It was the second public institution in London created to look after mentally ill people, after the Hospital of St. Mary of Bethlem (Bedlam), founded in 1246).
History.
The first chief physician was Dr William Battie who was renowned as ‘an eccentric humorist’. He believed ‘the patients of this hospital shall not be exposed to publick view.’ Medical treatment consisted of cold plunge baths to shake lunatics out of their insanity. A system of non-restraint was professed, however manacles and other restraints were sometimes used.
The hospital was originally housed in a converted foundry in Windmill Street, Upper Moorfields, close to Bedlam. It was designed by George Dance the Elder in 1750-1 and after his death, his son George Dance the Younger succeeded him as surveyor to the hospital. It was originally built for 25 patients, but was enlarged and by 1771 was overcrowded. A decision was made to build a larger hospital on a new site. The design was put out to competition which was a novelty at the time. None of the competition entries was successful however and Dance was asked to design the new building.
In 1786 it moved to Dance's purpose-built premises on Old Street, between Bath St and what is now the City Road roundabout. The building had a magnificent frontage of clamp brick, long, which had a central entrance, with the male wards to the left and female wards to the right. The building contained single cells for 300 patients, each with small windows set high in the wall, no heating, and loose straw on wooden bedsteads.
By 1865 it had a population of 150 to 160 patients, taken from the middle classes, its original purpose of supporting paupers having been abandoned. The proportion of cures at St. Luke's was 67 to 70 per cent compared to that of only 15 per cent at pauper lunatic asylums .
Behind the main building were two gardens for the exercise of the less disturbed inmates, one for men and another for women. More dangerous residents were kept inside, or in their cells. The treatment regime consisted of cold plunge baths, and a focus on the gastrointestinal system with the administration of anti-spasmodics, emetics (to induce vomiting) and purgatives.
The patients were transferred to other institutions or their homes in 1916, and the buildings were acquired by the Bank of England to become the St Luke's Printing Works, used for printing bank notes until the early 1950s. The building was demolished in 1963.
In 1922 it was suggested that a psychiatric unit should be instituted by the St Luke's charity in cooperation with a general hospital. This led to the funding by the charity of both an out-patient clinic and a psychiatric in-patient ward at the Middlesex Hospital and then to a new St Luke's, the third, opening at Woodside Avenue, Muswell Hill, in 1930. This was variously known as Woodside Nerve Hospital, St Luke's Woodside Hospital for Functional Nervous Disorders and from 1948 as St Luke's Woodside.
In 2011 the NHS Trust responsible for St Luke's Woodside, Camden and Islington Foundation Trust, successively closed all wards, leaving open only an occupational therapy unit and effecting closure by stealth with the consultation process required on formal closure proposals. The site is for sale through Knight Frank Estate Agents 

</doc>
<doc id="9754606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754606" title="Dingleberry">
Dingleberry

Dingleberry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9754607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754607" title="Mirella Bentivoglio">
Mirella Bentivoglio

Mirella Bentivoglio (born 28 March 1922, Klagenfurt) is an Italian sculptor, poet, performance artist and curator.
In the 1960s she joined the international concrete poetry movement. She has participated in exhibitions all over the world, including the Venice Biennale (eight times from 1969 to 2001) and the Museum of Modern Art (1992).
Biography.
Mirella Bentivoglio was born in Klagenfurt, Austria, from Italian parents. Her dad, Ernesto Bertarelli, was a scientist and professor at the University of Pavia and an avid collector of books. Mirella grew up in Milan and studied in Italy, Switzerland and England.
Although her studies were interrupted by War World I, she continued to expand her knowledge using her father's extensive library.
She started her career as a poet when she was very young. She published her first collection of poems, "Giardino", in 1943, but she waited until 1968 to publish her second poetry book. This unusually long period between the two publications was intentional, the result of a dissatisfaction with the rigidity of the printed word and its inability to fully represent the open and multifaceted experiences from which the poems have emerged.
In 1963 she published her first work as an art critic, a monographic study on the Lithuanian-born American artist Ben Shahn. 
As an art critic, artist and poet, in the 1960s she began to focus on the expressive visualization of language. At that time she joined the concrete poetry movement, and she started using alphabetic elements to create images. Examples of this creative period include "Successo" ("Success"), 1968, and "Pagina-finestra" (Window-Page), 1971.
Bentivoglio also joined the visual poetry movement, that mix linguistic and iconic elements. "Fiore Nero" (Black Flower), 1971, well represents her visual poetry work.
In the 1970s, Mirella Bentivoglio became particularly fascinated with the letters "E" and "O", that in Italian respectively stand for the English words "and" and "or". "E" became a sign for community, connection, while "O" became a sign for identity and individuality. Few years later, she became increasingly involved with sculpture and performance art, making the letters evolve in three-dimensional forms: the "E" became the open book, while the "O" became the egg. 
The first sculptural work that uses the book and the egg is "Poema Totale" ("Total Poem"), 1974. These two images recur in many of her later works, and appear in one of her most remarkable work, "L'Ovo di Gubbio" ("The Egg of Gubbio"), from 1976.
In 1976 Bentivoglio created another work for the Italian town of Gubbio, titled "Poesia all'albero" ("The Poem to the Tree"). This performance art piece consisted of hoisting in the main square of the town a tree and inviting passers-by to write something on a piece of paper, and then to attach it to the tree. Bentivoglio then collected the papers and chose some among them to create a unique poem.
All Bentivoglio's work is pervaded by a wry critique of Western societies, their patriarchal structures, obsession with material consumption, pollution of the environment and celebration of power over compassion. As a curator and a critic, she always worked to promote women artists.
For the artist's 90th birthday, the National gallery of Contemporary Art in Rome organized a retrospective about her work. She currently lives and works in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="9754610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754610" title="Small Red Damselfly">
Small Red Damselfly

The Small Red Damselfly, Ceriagrion tenellum, is a small damselfly flying in heathland bogs and streams. It is in the family Coenagrionidae.
Identification.
"C. tenellum" is only long. It is a lot shorter than the Large Red Damselfly, with which it is sometimes confused. In both sexes the thorax is bronze-black on top.
The male has an entirely red abdomen.
The female has a bronze-black abdomen with only the front and back of it red. The dark form "melanogastrum" has an almost entirely dark abdomen marked with pale segment divisors, the last two of which are reddish. A very rare form, "erythrogastrum", resembles the male.
Behaviour.
Adults fly low and weakly, rarely going far from breeding waters. Like the Southern Damselfly, which this species sometimes accompanies, they rarely fly in any but the warmest and calmest weather conditions. They can, however, be surprisingly inconspicuous, even the males.
The males are aggressive towards each other but are not territorial. Oviposition takes place in tandem.
Eggs and larvae.
It lays elongated eggs in submerged and emergent plants which subsequently hatch after about a month. The larvae are very small, about , and are found in acidic bogs, streams and ponds. They live among debris in bogs and develop after two years.

</doc>
<doc id="9754636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754636" title="Henri François Pittier">
Henri François Pittier

Henri François Pittier de Fabrega (August 13 1857, Bex, Switzerland - January 27 1950, Caracas, Venezuela) was a Swiss-born geographer and botanist. He graduated as an engineer from Jena University and moved to Costa Rica in 1887, where he founded the Physical Geographic Institute and an herbarium. Pittier arrived in Venezuela in 1917, where he classified more than 30,000 plants and devoted many years to studying the flora and fauna in the country.
Henri Pittier National Park is the first national park established in Venezuela. The plant genera "Pittiera" (now considered a synonym of "Polyclathra"), "Pittierella" (now considered a synonym of "Cryptocentrum") and "Pittierothamnus" (now considered a synonym of "Amphidasya") are named after him. 

</doc>
<doc id="9754647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754647" title="Distributive homomorphism">
Distributive homomorphism

A congruence θ of a join-semilattice "S" is "monomial", if the θ-equivalence class of any element of "S" has a largest element. We say that θ is "distributive", if it is a join, in the congruence lattice Con "S" of "S", of monomial join-congruences of "S".
The following definition originates in Schmidt's 1968 work and was subsequently adjusted by Wehrung.
Definition (weakly distributive homomorphisms). A homomorphism 
"μ : S → T" between join-semilattices "S" and "T" is "weakly distributive", if for all "a, b" in "S" and all "c" in "T" such that "μ(c)≤ a ∨ b", there are elements "x" and "y" of "S" such that "c≤ x ∨ y", "μ(x)≤ a", and "μ(y)≤ b".
Examples:
(1) For an algebra "B" and a "reduct" "A" of "B" (that is, an algebra with same underlying set as "B" but whose set of operations is a subset of the one of "B"), the canonical (∨, 0)-homomorphism from Conc A to Conc B is weakly distributive. Here, Conc A denotes the (∨, 0)-semilattice of all compact congruences of "A".
(2) For a convex sublattice "K" of a lattice "L", the canonical (∨, 0)-homomorphism from Conc "K" to Conc "L" is weakly distributive.
References.
E.T. Schmidt, "Zur Charakterisierung der Kongruenzverbände der Verbände", Mat. Casopis Sloven. Akad. Vied. 18 (1968), 3--20.
F. Wehrung, "A uniform refinement property for congruence lattices", Proc. Amer. Math. Soc. 127, no. 2 (1999), 363–370.
F. Wehrung, "A solution to Dilworth's congruence lattice problem", preprint 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9754658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754658" title="Queen Sofía College of Music">
Queen Sofía College of Music

The Queen Sofía College of Music (Escuela Superior de Música Reina Sofía in Spanish) is a private music college founded in Madrid, Spain, in 1991 by Paloma O'Shea. It is part of the Albéniz Foundation.
History.
The school was founded by Paloma O'Shea in 1991 in Madrid, in order to provide young Spanish musicians with a solid artistic education without the need to study abroad in other European countries.
Programs.
The purpose is to train first-rate musicians, and all the necessary resources are made available to students and teachers with this end in mind. The school offers individually tailored instruction to ensure that each student gets the training that he or she needs. However, the school does not award academic degrees of any kind.
Facilities.
The school's new campus is in central Madrid near the Royal Palace and Madrid's main opera theatre, Teatro Real. The new building has over 30 teaching and rehearsal rooms, offices, library and a large concert hall.

</doc>
<doc id="9754669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754669" title="Budge Rogers">
Budge Rogers

Derek Prior "Budge" Rogers OBE, born in Bedford on 20 June 1939 and educated at Bedford School, is a former rugby union player who captained Bedford and played at international level for both and the British Lions.
His club Bedford recovered after the Second World War and continued to play all the leading teams and had a great spell in the mid-1960s. There were three Bedford players regularly in the England team with David Perry and Rogers captaining their county. In the 1969-1970 season Bedford won the Sunday Telegraph English-Welsh Rugby Table. The Blues finest hour was probably in 1975 when Bedford, captained by Budge Rogers, beat Rosslyn Park in the final of the Knock Out Cup (now EDF Energy Cup) at Twickenham 28-12. There was a gate of nearly 18,000 which at the time was a record attendance.
He later played for the Barbarians. He managed the England under 23s to Canada 1977. The RFU organised an England tour to the Far East and England, led by Budge Rogers, played two tests in Japan and two tests in Colombo. In the mid-1980s he was chairman of the England selectors. In 2000 he was managing the England team. In 2001 he was the RFU President. In 2000 he was elected to the board of Trustees of the Lord's Taverners. 
He was also the holder of the England record of 34 caps, subsequently beaten, British Lion and Barbarian many times over, captain of England on seven occasions and the first English player to be honoured by the Queen for his services to football.
He owned a Jowett Jupiter HKY 770 from 1960 to 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9754675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754675" title="Microsoft PowerToys">
Microsoft PowerToys

Microsoft PowerToys is a set of freeware system utilities for power users, developed by Microsoft for its flagship operating system, Windows. PowerToys do not undergo the same rigorous testing that the operating system components do and are published without technical support.
Windows 95.
PowerToys for Windows 95 was the first version of Microsoft PowerToys and included 15 tools for power users. One of the best known ones is TweakUI, a system utility for tweaking the more obscure settings in Windows. In most cases, TweakUI exposes settings that are otherwise only accessible by directly modifying Windows Registry. Other tools include:
PowerToys for Windows 95 were developed by Windows Shell Development Team. Most of them work correctly on later versions of Windows up to Windows XP but do not work correctly on Windows Vista or later, because of extensive changes made to the shell or compatibility problems with User Account Control or 64-bit computing.
Windows 95 Kernel Toys.
After the huge success of the Windows 95 PowerToys, Windows Kernel Development Team released another set of tools for power users called Windows 95 Kernel Toys. Six tools were included in this package, including:
PowerToys for Windows XP.
PowerToys for Windows XP is the second version of the PowerToys set and is a major change from the Windows 95 version. The tools in this set were available as separate downloads rather than in a single package.
Included applications.
, the following PowerToys for Windows XP were available:
Retired components.
The following PowerToys for Windows XP are now retired:
PowerToys for other Microsoft products.
Microsoft has also released PowerToys for Windows XP Tablet PC Edition and Windows XP Media Center Edition. As part of the Windows Media Player Bonus Pack, another set of PowerToys for Windows Media Player was released. Finally, Microsoft has also released Windows Mobile PowerToys for Developers, Visual Studio and Microsoft Office OneNote.

</doc>
<doc id="9754681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754681" title="Glutaryl-CoA dehydrogenase">
Glutaryl-CoA dehydrogenase

Glutaryl-CoA dehydrogenase is an enzyme acting upon glutaryl-coenzyme A, creating crotonyl-coenzyme A.
It plays a role in the metabolism of lysine, hydroxylysine and tryptophan.
Pathology.
A defect in this enzyme is associated with neurological condition glutaric acidemia type 1, which is often fatal. It has been found that mutations in this gene cause a progressive form of early-onset generalized dystonia.

</doc>
<doc id="9754691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754691" title="Brian Holloway">
Brian Holloway

Brian Douglass Holloway (born July 25, 1959) is a former professional American football offensive tackle for the New England Patriots and Los Angeles Raiders from 1981 to 1988. He is the father of David Holloway, who also played professional football.
Early life.
Holloway attended Winston Churchill High School in Potomac, Maryland.
New England Patriots.
Brian Holloway was selected by the New England Patriots in the first round (19th overall) of the 1981 NFL Draft out of Stanford University. As a rookie in the strike-shortened 1982 NFL season, Holloway started 5 of 16 games. He became the starting left offensive tackle the following year, next to guard John Hannah, and missed only one start up to the end of the 1986 NFL season. In the 1982-83 NFL playoffs, the Patriots lost to the Miami Dolphins in a wild-card game.
They did not make the playoffs in 1983 and 1984 but did so in 1985. After beating the New York Jets in a wild-card game of the 1985-86 NFL playoffs, the Patriots beat the Los Angeles Raiders on the road in the divisional round with a strong running game, amassing 156 yards, 104 by running back Craig James behind Holloway and Hannah. The line then destroyed the Miami Dolphins' run defense on the road by accumulating 255 yards, 105 of them by James, winning the AFC title. However, they could not run over the legendary Chicago Bears defense of 1985 in Super Bowl XX, Holloway having a hard time with the formidably swift right defensive end Richard Dent, who would be named Most Valuable Player of the game.
After finishing with a won-lost record of 11-5 and winning the AFC east division, New England fell short against the Denver Broncos, led by quarterback John Elway, in a divisional round of the 1986-87 NFL playoffs.
Holloway was one of the most dominating offensive tackles in his era, as indicated in part by three Pro Bowl selections from 1983 to 1985.
Los Angeles Raiders.
Brian Holloway went to play left offensive tackle with the Los Angeles Raiders in 1987 and 1988. In the strike-shortened 1987 NFL season, he started 8 of 12 games, but did not start in 1988, his final year in the NFL, replaced at that position by Don Mosebar.
Personal.
Holloway owns homes in Stephentown, New York, and Tampa, Florida. While he was in Tampa on August 31, 2013, local high school students broke into his New York house and caused damage that Holloway says exceeds $20,000 while throwing a party. In response, Holloway set up a website, www.helpmesave300.com, to reach out to those who caused the damage in a positive way; instead, he received threats from their parents. Six people were arrested September 26, 2013 in connection with the partygoers who trashed the home.

</doc>
<doc id="9754701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754701" title="International Year of Mobilization against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance">
International Year of Mobilization against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance

The year 2001 was declared the International Year of Mobilization against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance by the United Nations General Assembly.
The United Nations International Years, beginning with the World Refugee Year in 1959/1960, are designated in order to focus world attention on important issues. The decision to devote the year 2001 to mobilization against racism and xenophobia was taken by the General Assembly on December 9, 1998 and was linked to the decision to organize a conference, the World Conference Against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, in the same year. In its resolution (A/RES/53/132) the General Assembly stated that the observance was "aimed at drawing the world’s attention to the objectives of the World Conference and giving new momentum to the political commitment to the elimination of all forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance".
The conference was held in Durban, South Africa. 7 000 representatives from civil society participated in an NGO Forum from August 28 to 31, 2001. The governmental meeting was held from August 31 to September 7, 2001. A declaration and programme of action was adopted on September 8. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson was the Secretary-General of the conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9754705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754705" title="Lee Yoon-ji">
Lee Yoon-ji

Lee Yoon-ji (born March 15, 1984) is a South Korean actress. After making her acting debut in the sitcom "Nonstop 4", Lee has starred in the television series "Pure 19" (2004), "Princess Hours" (2006), "Dream High" (2011), "The King 2 Hearts" (2012), and "Wang's Family" (2013). She also appeared in season 1 of the reality/variety show "We Got Married" (2008-2009), as well as the romantic comedy film "Couples" (2011).
Career.
Lee Yoon-ji made her acting debut in 2003 on the MBC sitcom "Nonstop 4". She has since starred in many small screen projects such as "Pure 19" (KBS, 2004), "Princess Hours" (MBC, 2006), "King Sejong the Great" (KBS, 2008), "Dream High" (KBS, 2011), "The King 2 Hearts" (MBC, 2012), and "The Great Seer" (SBS, 2012). 
The same year she was hosting the entertainment news program "Entertainment Weekly" on KBS, Lee was also partnered with Super Junior member Kang-in in season 1 of the reality show "We Got Married". She made her theater debut in the 2010 Korean staging of the Pulitzer Prize-winning play "Proof". 
In 2011 Lee landed her first big-screen leading role in romantic comedy "Couples".
She, Danny Park and Kim Eui-sung starred in "992", a 13-minute film made by Wonsuk Chin using the iPhone 4S. The short, which premiered at the 2012 Macworld and was streamed on YouTube, is named after the New Balance running shoes favored by the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs.
Lee stepped in to host the SBS talk show "Healing Camp, Aren't You Happy" for one episode, after the father of friend and agency mate Han Hye-jin died in November 2012.
From 2013 to 2014, Lee played one of the leading roles in "Wang's Family", an ensemble family drama that received high ratings, peaking at 48.3%.

</doc>
<doc id="9754764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754764" title="Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture">
Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture

The Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (OPCAT) is a treaty that supplements to the 1984 United Nations Convention Against Torture. It establishes an international inspection system for places of detention modeled on the system that has existed in Europe since 1987 (the Committee for the Prevention of Torture). 
The OPCAT was adopted by the United Nations General Assembly in New York on 18 December 2002, and it entered into force on 22 June 2006. As of July 2014, the Protocol has 75 signatories and 73 parties.
History.
The idea for this scheme of torture prevention goes back to the Swiss Committee for the Prevention of Torture (today Association for the Prevention of Torture, APT), founded in 1977 by Jean-Jacques Gautier in Geneva. It envisaged the establishment of a worldwide system of inspection of places of detention, which later took the form of an Optional Protocol to the UN Convention against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (1984). For a long time, however, the necessary support for such an optional protocol was not forthcoming. As a consequence, the UN Committee Against Torture (CAT) had at its disposal only relatively weak instruments: it could analyse and discuss the self-reports of the respective governments and create the institution of a Special Rapporteur on Torture. But neither CAT nor its Special Rapporteur had the power to visit countries, let alone inspect prisons, without the respective government's permission. In 1987, the Council of Europe realized the original idea on a regional level with its European Convention for the Prevention of Torture. On this basis, the European Committee for the Prevention of Torture has demonstrated that regular visits, reports and recommendations to the governments as well as the publication of these reports and the governments' reactions the viability of this model. This in turn led to a breakthrough within the United Nations: OPCAT was created and opened for signatures on 18 December 2002 by the UN General Assembly. 
After ratification by 20 states, the Optional Protocol came into force on 22 June 2006.
Ratification status.
As of July 2014, 73 states have ratified the protocol: Albania, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, France, Gabon, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Honduras, Hungary, Italy, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Liberia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Mozambique, Nauru, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Norway, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Senegal, Serbia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Ukraine, United Kingdom, and Uruguay.
A further 18 states have signed but not ratified the protocol: Australia, Belgium, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Chad, Republic of the Congo (Congo-Brazzaville), Finland, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Iceland, Ireland, Madagascar, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Timor-Leste, Venezuela, and Zambia.
External links.
The Center for Victims of Torture

</doc>
<doc id="9754768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754768" title="Bladder augmentation">
Bladder augmentation

Bladder augmentation is a surgical alteration of the urinary bladder. It involves removing strips of tissue from the intestinal tract and adding this to the tissue of the bladder. This has two intended results: increased bladder volume; and a reduced percentage of the bladder involved in contraction, that in turn results in lower internal pressures in the bladder during urination.
Risks of bladder augmentation include incomplete voiding of the bladder post-surgery (resulting in the patient having to undergo intermittent catheterisation or an indwelling catheter), acute intestinal obstruction due to adhesions some years after surgery, and, in extremely rare cases, cancers of the intestinal tissue within the bladder.
History.
This surgery has been popular since the 1980s and 90s.

</doc>
<doc id="9754778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754778" title="Jacqueline Kennedy Garden">
Jacqueline Kennedy Garden

The Jacqueline Kennedy Garden is located at the White House south of the East Colonnade. The garden balances the Rose Garden on the west side of the White House Complex. 
History.
Edith Carrow Roosevelt, who had established her "Colonial Garden" on the site of the present Rose Garden, oversaw a similar but less formal planting on the east side, the site of the present Jacqueline Kennedy Garden. The garden known was begun in 1913 by First Lady Ellen Louise Axson Wilson. She called it the East Garden. Mrs. Wilson's design featured a central lily pond. Following her death in 1914, the garden was completed at a size of 36 meters by 19 meters (118 by 62 feet).
Care of the White House grounds had greatly declined by the time of the Kennedy administration, prompting First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy to work with Rachel Lambert Mellon and Perry Wheeler on the redesign and replanting of the Rose Garden and East Garden. By the time of President Kennedy's assassination in 1963, the Rose Garden had been completed and work on the East Garden was in progress. To honor Jacqueline Kennedy's contributions to the White House and its grounds First Lady Lady Bird Johnson renamed the East Garden as the Jacqueline Kennedy Garden.
Design and horticulture.
Rachel Lambert Mellon created a space with a more defined central lawn, bordered by flower beds planted in a French style, but largely using American botanical specimens. Though more formal than the previous East Garden, the Jacqueline Kennedy Garden pays tribute to Beatrix Farrand's work in its use of a more organic structure, planting masses of the same plants in drifts, and use of foliage plants like ornamental grasses and caladiums.
The present garden follows a layout established by Mellon. Each flower bed is planted with a series of Littleleaf lindens and Kennedy saucer magnolias bordered by low hedges of boxwood and American Holly. The outer edge of the flower bed facing the central lawn are edged with boxwood. Perennial flowering plants include delphinium, hollyhock, lavender, and roses. Many seasonal flowers are interspersed to add nearly year round color. Spring blooming bulbs planted in the rose garden include jonquil, daffodil, fritillaria, grape hyacinth, tulips, chionodoxa and squill. Summer blooming annuals change yearly. In the fall chrysanthemum and flowering kale bring color until early winter. 
Official and informal use.
Like the Rose Garden, the Jacqueline Kennedy Garden is used for events. The president uses the Jacqueline Kennedy Garden for awards ceremonies. Both Lady Bird Johnson and Pat Nixon favored use of the garden for parties and teas. First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton exhibited contemporary sculpture in the garden.

</doc>
<doc id="9754782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754782" title="Hutchens v. Stout">
Hutchens v. Stout

Hutchens v Stout 79 N.C. App. 292, 339 S.E.2d 103 was a case before the North Carolina Court of Appeals in 1986.
Facts.
The beneficiary of a charitable trust was on welfare. The government wanted to force the trustee to make distributions to the beneficiary (which would cut the beneficiary's welfare and save the government money). However, since the trustee had absolute discretion, the trustee could choose not to make a distribution to the beneficiary. (Note: Recent legislation makes it easier for the government to compel the trustee to make a distribution).

</doc>
<doc id="9754789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754789" title="Magister Musicae">
Magister Musicae

Magister Musicae is an internet portal which hosts a digital catalogue of more than 3,000 hours of music classes, given by more than 200 of the world’s most renowned musicians.
Project.
The project is promoted by the president of the Albéniz Foundation, Paloma O'Shea. The aim is to preserve the classes that take place each day at the Queen Sofía College of Music and make them accessible to a wider audience.
In the year 2000, the Spanish Ministry for Science and Technology supported the project with a considerable donation under the aegis of the PROFIT programme. The resulting three years of research and development, which focused on the digitization, cataloguing, compression and high-quality broadcasting of the videos on the internet, gave rise to HTCMedia, a tool which manages large quantities of video information. This has been the cornerstone of the creation of Magister Musicae.
The master classes are recorded in the music schools. These lessons are scrupulously analyzed by music specialists, catalogued by work and by movement, then broken down into teaching units of no more than six minutes’ duration. This system of classification allows the visitor to the site to go directly to the section of the class that is of interest, and to be able to link with a number of classes given by various teachers.
Participating Organizations.
The scale and ambition of the project led, in 2004, to six of the principal conservatoires and music schools joining Magister Musicae, through the European Harmos project. It offered access to their teachers and enhanced Magister Musicae’s international profile. 
The project received the financial backing of the European Commission, who called it “the model project which impacts on the policies of the Union”.
Participants.
The following are amongst the more notable participants in the project:
Cost.
Only the first 5 minutes are free. Videos are accessible by paying per time periods, not per videos.
Criticism.
Videos can only be seen using the Microsoft Internet Explorer browser. Media is stored in Microsoft Windows Media.

</doc>
<doc id="9754802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754802" title="Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Minas Gerais">
Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Minas Gerais

Pontifícia Universidade Católica de Minas Gerais (Pontifical Catholic University of Minas Gerais, PUC-MG) is a private and non-profit Brazilian Catholic university in Belo Horizonte, state of Minas Gerais. In 2006, 2010 and 2013, PUC-MG was chosen the best private university in Brazil. It is maintained by the Catholic Archdiocese of Belo Horizonte.
Overview.
The Catholic University is a higher education institution in Minas Gerais, where it owns more than 100 buildings to host labs, libraries, a museum, a TV channel, a long-distance teaching center, multimedia rooms, theaters, auditoriums, a veterinary hospital, a clinic for psychotherapy, odothological and psychological treatment and others.
One of the best universities in Brazil, PUC-MG was rated 4 by the Brazilian Ministry of Education index for higher education schools. The highest rating is 5 which is almost exclusively awarded to public universities.
The PUC-MG received, for the second consecutive year, an award given by the Federation of Industries of Minas Gerais (FIEMG) by Euvaldo Lodi Institute for having the best practices of training and the integration of students in companies. The award was received by the coordinator of the Integrated Training University, Professor Evanilde Maria Martins, at a ceremony held in the auditorium of FIEMG.
In 2003, the PUC Minas was the first private university in Brazil to house a laboratory to perform climatological studies. It is the Centre of Excellence in Climatology - MG Time, which was created through a partnership between the university and Cemig (Companhia Energética de Minas Gerais). The MG Time features equipment for receiving weather information and one laboratory course with emphasis on Geography.
Its objective is the development of weather forecasts three days in advance for the 853 municipalities of Minas Gerais, warning of severe storms and predictions for use by agriculture, road and rail transport, electricity, industry and tourism.
Campuses.
Besides the headquarters in Coração Eucarístico district, in Belo Horizonte, PUC-MG owns campuses in the districts of Barreiro and São Gabriel and in the cities of Arcos, Betim, Contagem, Guanhães, Poços de Caldas and Serro.

</doc>
<doc id="9754857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754857" title="Rådhusgränd">
Rådhusgränd

Rådhusgränd (Swedish: "Town Hall Alley") is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching from the junction between the street Myntgatan and the square Riddarhustorget, and passing between the Bonde Palace and Kanslihuset ("The Chancellery House"), it leads north to the bridge Vasabron, while forming a parallel street to Riddarhusgränd. Along the waterfront north of the alley passes the quay Kanslikajen.
The alley is named after the vicinity to the Bonde Palace, originally built in 1662-1667 as the private residence of Gustaf Bonde (1620–1667), but serving as the Stockholm Town House during the period 1732-1915. The southern wings of the buildings are additions from 1754. While the building's present eastern front, today hiding the Supreme Court, is less than extrovert, it did include an entrance to a "public boudoir" during the 18th and most of the 19th century. The alley was, however, entirely closed during the period 1850-1913, to accommodate the prison of the Town Hall, finally demolished in 1929-1930 to give space to Kanslihuset, the offices of the Parliament.
In contrast, the voluminous and heavy mass of Kanslihuset on the alley's eastern side, designed by Wolter Gahn and Gustaf Clason and completed in 1936, opens up to the alley in form of the western end of the series of courtyards which pierces the building. The façade is decorated with a limestone frieze called "Departementsfrisen" (The Department Frieze") by Sig Blomberg.

</doc>
<doc id="9754885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754885" title="Seinäjoki railway station">
Seinäjoki railway station

The Seinäjoki railway station () is located in the centre of city of Seinäjoki, Finland, at Valtionkatu 1. The current station building was built in the 1970s, and it is located in the same building as the bus station. In the 2000s, the building was renovated as a modern travel centre.
Seinäjoki is a significant crossing point, with connections toward Haapamäki, Helsinki, Vaasa and Oulu. The track to Kaskinen only has cargo traffic nowadays.
In front of the station building is a statue representing a railway worker.

</doc>
<doc id="9754886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754886" title="Gay Pimpin' with Jonny McGovern">
Gay Pimpin' with Jonny McGovern

"Gay Pimpin' with Jonny McGovern" is a bi-weekly free gay-themed podcast currently based out of Hollywood, California, originally out of New York City. The show began airing on January 16, 2006. It currently ranks the highest in popularity under the keyword "gay" on the iTunes music store, is the number #10 overall comedy audio podcast and has five out of five stars. The show hit #1 in mid-2006.
McGovern announced on the January 11, 2010 episode that "Gay Pimpin' with Jonny McGovern" was ending as a regular podcast. He cited his upcoming relocation to Los Angeles and co-hosts Linda James and Martin Beauchamp's desire to spend more time with their respective families as the reasons. McGovern began re-releasing earlier episodes and recording occasional episodes updating listeners on the activities of the cast and friends. On September 1, 2010 McGovern re-launched the podcast from Los Angeles. In late 2012 he began adding Mixtape Editions (featuring music curated by regular and semi-regular cast members) between regular editions of the podcast.
Recurring characters.
These are characters, not celebrity impressions, who have appeared on the podcast more than once.
Joanie McGovern: Jonny's fictional aunt who is the editrix of "Star Magazine". She is from Mineola, New York, and speaks with an accent from that region.
Chocolate Puddin': A psychic, transvestite, prostitute, nanny and star of several fictional Blaxploitation films. Owner of the Spooky Fry Hut, which is a haunted snack shop that serves "spooky fries" and "zombie BBQ".
Waffles: The morbidly obese backup dancer for performer Jennifer Hudson.
Tranny-Tron 2000: The first ever transgender identifying robot, built by Martin only to be smashed by Linda. Tranny-Tron 2000 begat Tranny-Tron 2001, who was also destroyed by Linda after performing an anti-Linda diss track.
Numb Fat Tiger: A fictional tiger that eats human fat for sustenance and has an anesthetic bite.
Choo Choo: The fictitious security guard of the Gay Pimpin' studio.
Jojo The F to M Penis, Made from a Clit: A talking penis formed from a clitoris during female to male gender reassignment surgery. Jojo performs consensual rape and sexually harasses or molests (consensually) lesbian and lesbro guests.
Moanie McGovern: Joanie's sister, Moanie is an F2M transsexual undergoing hormone therapy. These treatments have made her very aggressive. She works as a bouncer at a number of local clubs.
Wendy McBurgerking: a socially awkward, mildly mentally challenged young woman whose sole conversational gambit is to randomly blurt out the names of fast-food restaurants where her mother had worked.
Rape Ghost: The diminutive spirit of a raped and murdered young girl (as in The Lovely Bones). She spends the afterlife constantly reminding loved ones of her rape and murder.
Britney Spears: More than just a celebrity impression, she evolved into a full-fledged character with her own parallel life, which has included her court-appointed minder Chubs as well as an attempt to sell her own babies to a pet store. Her sister Jamie Lynn is obsessed with "The Jewel of the Nile".
Merchandise.
McGovern sells "Faggo-tees," t-shirts with slogans inspired by his music and jokes from the podcast, through his website. He has released two compilation albums of material from the podcast through iTunes.
Vernacular.
Jonny McGovern, co-hosts, and friends frequently use slang and vernacular that is commonly referred to as "queen's speak" in the gay community; some of said vernacular are references to inside jokes on the podcast as well as the drag queen community in New York City's pier areas. Much of the vernacular is often quoted from the documentary "Paris is Burning". They include:

</doc>
<doc id="9754936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754936" title="NBT">
NBT

NBT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9754950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754950" title="Alexander Egger">
Alexander Egger

Alexander Egger (born in 1971) is an Italian graphic designer, conceptionist, artist, writer and musician. He is working in different media on a range of cultural and commercial projects. Currently he is currently living and working in Vienna. 

</doc>
<doc id="9754952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754952" title="Memorial High School (Port Arthur, Texas)">
Memorial High School (Port Arthur, Texas)

Memorial High School is a public, co-educational secondary school located in Port Arthur, Texas, United States. It was established in August 2002 after a merger of Thomas Jefferson High School (4A), Abraham Lincoln High School (4A), and Stephen F. Austin High School (2A). Since then, Memorial High (5A) has been the only high school in the Port Arthur Independent School District. It serves most of Port Arthur and a portion of Groves.Its new state-of-the-art facility opened for the 2009-2010 school year in the north side of Port Arthur. It also has a 9th Grade Center which is located in El Vista Community of Port Arthur.
When Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln and Stephen F. Austin high schools were consolidated, students voted on the new name for the district and the top two vote-getters were "Memorial High School" and "Thurgood Marshall High School." In September 2007, school board member Terry Doyle suggested renaming Memorial High School after the late Staff Sgt. Lucian Adams, a Port Arthur native who received the Medal of Honor for his bravery in World War II. Karla Obregon will be principal at Port Arthur Independent School District’s new Staff Sergeant Lucian Adams campus for the 2011-2012 school year. The Lucian Adams campus is expected to open this summer in time for the 2011–2012 school year.
Athletics.
Under coach Dean Colbert Memorial posted a 22–18 record from 2002-2005. He was succeeded by Ronnie Thompson, who had already coached at Thomas Jefferson from 1978 to 1981, where his players included Todd Dodge (former North Texas coach) and Craig Stump (current West Brook HS coach).The football team took a huge turn as the "Kenny Harrison Era" has arrived. Under his leadership, the football team has a 36-14 record from 2009–2012 with every year playoff appearances including a trip to the 2011 Class 5A Div. II State Semi-finals where it lost to the 2010 defending champion Cibolo Steele.
Jimmy Johnson former Super Bowl winning coach of the Cowboys and College National Title winning coach of the Hurricanes graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School. Janis Joplin also attended this school while it was Thomas Jefferson, as did the political consultant Raymond Strother. Kansas City Chiefs star running back Jamaal Charles graduated from Memorial High School in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9754975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754975" title="Lundin Petroleum">
Lundin Petroleum

Lundin Petroleum is an independent international petroleum company formed in 2001 and based in Sweden.
History.
The company was formed in 2001 following the takeover of Lundin Oil AB by Canadian independent Talisman Energy, Lundin Petroleum AB is a Swedish oil company traded on the Stockholm Stock Exchange. In the summer of 2003, Lundin Petroleum sold its working interest in Block 5A to Petronas Carigali for USD 142.5 million. In 1998 the company discovered the En Naga North and West field in southern part of the Sirte Basin, Libya. After a successful appraisal program in 1998 and 1999 the field was declared. The commercial and development program commenced. Development included the construction of a central production facility, 100 km pipeline together with the drilling of 20 production, 15 injector and 15 water supply wells. Recoverable reserves were estimated to be approximately 100 mmbbls. In Tunisia, the Oudna field development (Lundin Petroleum 40% working interest) was successfully completed and production commenced in November 2006.
In April 2010 it demerged its assets on the United Kingdom Continental Shelf into Petrofac's Energy Developments unit to form the stand-alone company EnQuest.
Founder.
Founder Adolf H. Lundin has founded also Lundin Mining in 1994.
Criticism.
In her book "Affärer i blod och olja: Lundin Petroleum i Afrika" (Business in blood and oil: Lundin Petroleum in Africa) journalist Kerstin Lundell claims that the company had been complicit in several crimes against humanity, including death shootings and the burning of villages.
In June 2010, ECOS (European Coalition on Oil in Sudan) published the report Unpaid Debt, which called upon the governments of Sweden, Austria and Malaysia to look into allegations that the companies Lundin, OMV and Petronas had broken international law whilst operating in Sudan during the period 1997-2003.
Criticism has also been directed towards Minister for Foreign Affairs Carl Bildt, a former board member for the company, with oppositional voices questioning his suitability as foreign minister.
Ethiopia arrested two Swedish journalist Johan Persson and Martin Schibbye and held them for 14 months before the release. Conflict Ethiopian Judicial Authority v Swedish journalists 2011 was caused as the journalist studied the human rights violation claims in Ogaden of an oil explorer in a case connected to "Lundin Petroleum".

</doc>
<doc id="9754976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754976" title="Shellal">
Shellal

Shellal () is a small ancient village on the banks of the Nile, south of Aswan in Egypt. It was the traditional north frontier of the Nubian region with both the Egyptian Empire and the Roman Empire. During the period of ancient Egypt it was a very important quarry area for granite production. Nowadays it is possible to see some unfinished granite works on the site (that is soon to become an open-air museum); some of the objects on display include incomplete statues of Osiris and Ramesses II and unfinished Roman baths. 
Shellal was mentioned in a text dating from the 6th century AD where the king of Nobatia prides himself on having driven Blemmyes out from his country northwards from Ibrim to Shellal, on the frontier with Roman Egypt.
It was also an important city during the Muslim Arab early domination; in particular there are some ancient minarets dating from the 11th century that are now submerged under the waters of Lake Nasser. These minarets are known to reflect the direct influence of the Hijaz region of Arabia, rather that the domination of the powers of Lower Egypt.
Transport.
During the 19th century, the Luxor-Aswan railroad line was connected with a narrow-gauge line from Aswan to Shellal which had been constructed in 1884 by the British as a military line during the first Sudan Campaign to accelerate transport of military stores past the First Cataract. Later the final southern station in the Egyptian railroad network was converted to standard gauge.
In the late 19th century, Victoria of Baden, Queen Victoria of Sweden, visited Egypt and traveled south to Shellal where she took a now famous photograph of the site on the late afternoon of 15 February 1891. The photograph is the first known graphic document in existence, depicting the waters of the Nile at Shellal.
Today Shellal has a small port where boats depart to the near Philae temple and has a small market where the shopkeepers wait for the tourists returning from the temple.

</doc>
<doc id="9754977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754977" title="Derry City F.C. records">
Derry City F.C. records

This article deals with Derry City Football Club records.
Domestic football.
Derry compete in a number of major domestic competitions on an annual basis. Those include the League of Ireland, the FAI Cup and the League of Ireland Cup. They can also take part in the cross-border Setanta Sports Cup, on condition of qualification for the tournament based on performances in the three former competitions. Prior to 1973 the club's main domestic competitions were the Irish League and the IFA Cup.
League of Ireland.
Up until the end of the 2006 season, Derry had played a total of 691 League of Ireland games since joining in 1985. 306 of these games had been won (44.28%), 197 had been drawn (28.51%) and 188 had been lost (27.21%). In the process, 951 goals were scored (an average of 1.38 goals per game) and 651 were conceded (an average of 0.94 goals per game). With 993 points being accumulated over those League of Ireland years, Derry managed an average of 1.44 points per game.
First season of the League of Ireland's 5 year merger with the FAI.
League reduced from 12 teams to 11 teams mid-season after Dublin City FC resigned so all their games were expunged from the record and the league table re-calculated. This also occurred in 2012 when Monaghan United withdrew from the league.
On goal difference. 
League increased from 10 competing teams to 12 competing teams from start of this season onward (until 2009 when Premier Division will be reduced to 10 teams, as planned by FAI).
League changed to 'Summer season' from start of this season onward.
League reduced from 12 competing teams to 10 competing teams from outset of season. Lasted for 3 further seasons until end of 2004 season.
Changed from two points to three for a win from start of this season onward.
Top and bottom halves of league split into two groups of 6 teams for two concluding relegation and title mini-series. Concept lasted for two seasons.
Promoted from First Division to Premier Division after finishing top of division and remained there until they were expelled from the league at the end of the 2009 season, where they re-entered the first division and won it at the first attempt.
Season Derry City first entered First Division. Division made up of 10 teams for all of Derry's period of taking part.
FAI Cup.
Derry City have appeared in the FAI Cup final on 9 occasions, winning 5 of those.
League of Ireland Cup.
Derry City have appeared in the League of Ireland Cup final on 12 occasions, winning 10 of those.
IFA Cup.
Derry City have appeared in the IFA Cup final on 6 occasions, winning 3 of those.
Setanta Cup.
Derry City have appeared in the cross-border Setanta Cup final once in a losing effort
European record.
UEFA Champions League:
UEFA Europa League:
Cup Winners Cup:
UEFA coefficient and ranking.
Derry City's UEFA coefficient accumulates to a total value of 3.908 as of March 2010.
Current club ranking.
IFK Göteborg has an identical coefficient value to that of AIK Stockholm.
External links.
Official club site:
News and information sites: 

</doc>
<doc id="9754990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754990" title="Supernode (circuit)">
Supernode (circuit)

In circuit theory, a super-node is a theoretical construct that can be used to solve a circuit. This is done by viewing a voltage source on a wire as a point source voltage in relation to other point voltages located at various nodes in the circuit, relative to a ground node assigned a zero or negative charge.
Each super-node contains two nodes, one a non-reference node and another node that may be a second non-reference node or the reference node. Super-nodes containing the reference node have one node voltage variable. For Nodal circuit analysis, the super-node construct is only required between two non-reference nodes.

</doc>
<doc id="9754991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9754991" title="Sociology of human consciousness">
Sociology of human consciousness

The sociology of human consciousness uses the theories and methodology of sociology to explain human consciousness.
Overview.
The foundations of this work may be traced to philosopher and sociologist George Herbert Mead, whose work provided major insights into the formation of mind, concepts of self and other, and the internalization of society in individual social beings, viewing these as emerging out of human interaction and communication. Recent work brings such a sociological and social psychological perspective to bear on several key aspects of consciousness, and in doing so inverts explanation: starting from collective phenomena, one ends up analyzing individual consciousness. 
In making this inversion, they do not totally reject reductionist approaches—nor deny their value in identifying the "hardware" through which collective and social psychological processes operate. However, they would reject the idea that a complete explanation can be formulated on the basis of either purely sociological mechanisms or underlying physical, chemical, neurological, hormonal, or psychological factors and processes. For a critique of reductionism from the perspective of modern physics and biology see Morowitz (1981). 
The biological and bio-physical bases of human life are recognized. However, these approaches cannot be relied on entirely. In part, the level of analysis is misdirected when it comes to some classes of consciousness phenomena; most of the natural science approaches focus on the wrong levels and the wrong factors with which to explain some of the most mysterious and paradoxical features of human consciousness.
Theory.
The sociological approach emphasizes the importance of language, collective representations, self-conceptions, and self-reflectivity. This theoretical approach argues that the shape and feel of human consciousness is heavily social, and this is no less true of our experiences of "collective consciousness" than it is of our experiences of individual consciousness. 
The theory suggests that the problem of consciousness can be approached fruitfully by beginning with the human group and collective phenomena: community, language, language-based communication, institutional, and cultural arrangements. A collective is a group or population of individuals that possesses or develops through communication collective representations or models of "we" as opposed to "them": a group, community, organization, or nation is contrasted to "other"; its values and goals, its structure and modes of operating, its relation to its environment and other agents, its potentialities and weaknesses, strategies and developments, and so on. 
A collective has the capacity in its collective representations and communications about what characterizes it, or what (and how) this self perceives, judges, or does, or what it can (and cannot) do, or should do (or should not do). It monitors its activities, its achievements and failures, and also to a greater or lesser extent, analyzes and discusses itself as a defined and developing collective agent. 
This is what is meant by self-reflectivity. Such reflectivity is encoded in language and developed in conversations about collective selves (as we discuss below, there are also conversations about the selves of individuals, defining, justifying, and stigmatizing them).
Human consciousness as a reflective activity.
Human consciousness in at least one major sense is a type of reflective activity. It entails the capacity to observe, monitor, judge, and decide about the collective self. This is a basis for maintaining a particular collective as it is understood or represented; it is a basis for re-orienting and re-organizing the collective self in response to performance failings or profound crisis (economic, political, cultural).
Collective reflectivity emerges then as a function of a group or organization producing and making use of collective representations of the self in its discussions, critical reflections, planning, and actions.
Individual consciousness.
Individual consciousness is the normal outcome of processes of collective naming, classifying, monitoring, judging, and reflecting on the individual members of the group or organization. And an individual in a collective context learns to participate in discussions and discourses about "themself", that is, group reflections on themself, their appearance, their orientations and attitudes, their strategies and conduct. Thus, an individual learns (in line with George Herbert Mead's earlier formulations) a naming and classification of themself (self-description and identity) and a characterization of their judgments, actions, and predispositions.
In acquiring a language and conceptual framework for this mode of activity along with experience and skills in reflective discussion they develop a capability of inner reflection and inner dialog about themself. These are characteristic features of a particular type of individual "consciousness". This conception points up the socially constructed character of key properties of the human mind, realized through processes of social interaction and social construction. In sum, individual self-representation, self-reference, self-reflectivity, and experiences of consciousness, derive from the collective experience.
Construction of selves through reflectivity.
Self-reflectivity as a type of consciousness often facililtates critical examination and re-construction of selves, collective as well as individual. This plays an essential role in human communities (as well as individual beings) in the face of systematic or highly risky performance failures or new types of problems. Through self-reflection, agents may manage in the course of directed problem-solving to develop more effective institutional arrangements, for instance, large-scale means of social coordination such as administration, democratic association, or markets.
Relationship with social organization.
Language-based collective representations of the past as well as of the future, enable agents to escape the present, to enter into future as well as past imagined worlds, and to reflect together on these worlds. Moreover, in relation to the past, present, and future, the agents may generate alternative representations. These alternative constructions imagined, discussed, struggled over, and tested, make for the generation of variety, a major input into evolutionary processes, as discussed elsewhere. 
Such variety may also lead to social conflicts, as agents disagree about representations, or oppose the implications or remedies to problems proposed by particular agents. This opens the way for political struggles about alternative conceptions and solutions (where democratic politics entails at times collective self-reflectivity par excellence). 
In general, such processes enhance the collective capacity to deal with new challenges and crises. Thus, a collective has potentially a rich basis not only for talking about, discussing, agreeing (or disagreeing) about a variety of objects including the "collective self" as well as particular "individual selves"; but it also has a means to conceptualize and develop alternative types of social relationships, effective forms of leadership, coordination and control, and, in general, new normative orders and institutional arrangements.
Collectives can even develop their potentialities for collective representation and self-reflectivity, for instance through innovations in information and accounting systems and processes of social accountability. These potentialities enable systematic, directed problem-solving, and the generation of variety and complex strategies. In particular selective environments, these make for major evolutionary advantages.
Oppressive reflectivity.
The powerful tool of collective reflectivity must be seen as a double-edged sword in relation to expanding freedom of opportunity and variability, on the one hand, and, on the other, imposing particular constraints and limiting variability. 
Collective representations and reflectivity and directed problem-solving based on them may prevent human groups from experiencing or discovering the un-represented and the unnamed; unrecognized or poorly defined problems cannot be dealt with (as discussed elsewhere, for instance, in the case of failures of accounting systems to recognize or take into account important social and environmental conditions and developments). 
Reflective and problem-solving powers may then be distorted, the generation of alternatives and varieties narrow and largely ineffective, and social innovation and transformation misdirected and possibly self-destructive. Thus, the presumed evolutionary advantages of human reflectivity must be qualified or viewed as conditional.
Outlooks.
In sum, recent research, building on the work of George Herbert Mead, suggests that a sociological and social psychological perspective can be a point of departure with which to define and analyze certain forms of human consciousness, or more precisely, one class of consciousness phenomena, namely verbalized reflectivity: monitoring, discussing, judging and re-orienting and re-organizing self; representing and analyzing what characterizes the self, what self perceives, judges, could do, should do (or should not do)). 
The "hard problem" of consciousness can be approached fruitfully by beginning with the human group and collective phenomena: community, language, language-based communication, institutional and cultural arrangements, collective representations, self-conceptions, and self-referentiality. Collective reflectivity emerges as a function of an organization or group producing and making use of collective representations of the self ("we", our group, community, organization, nation) in its discussions, critical reflections, and decision-making. A collective monitors and discusses its activities, achievements and failures, and reflects on itself as a defined, acting, and developing collective being. This reflectivity is encoded in language and developed in conversations about collective (as well as individual) selves.
Individual consciousness is seen as deriving from the processes of collective naming, classifying, monitoring, judging, reflecting on, and conducting discussions and discourses about, the individual themself. In acquiring a language and conceptual framework for this mode of activity—along with skills and experiences in reflective discussion—they develop a capability of inner reflection and inner discourse about self, which are characteristic features of individual consciousness. One can also distinguish multiple modes of individual awareness and consciousness, distinguishing awareness from consciousness proper, and also identifying pre- and sub-conscious levels. This points up the complexity of the human mind, in part because of its elaboration through processes of social interaction and construction.

</doc>
<doc id="9755017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755017" title="Panchami">
Panchami

Panchami is the fifth day (tithi) of the fortnight (paksha) in Hindu lunar calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="9755026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755026" title="Windows Support Tools">
Windows Support Tools

Windows Support Tools is a suite of management, administration and troubleshooting tools for Microsoft Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2003 R2 from Microsoft Corporation.
These tools are not installed with the Windows operating system and must be separately installed. They are located on the Windows Installation CD, "Support" folder, "Tools" subfolder. They can also be downloaded from Microsoft Download Center.
Windows Server 2003 Support Tools includes 70 different tools. For instance, WinDiff is a GUI tool for comparing files and folders. NetDiag is a CLI tool for diagnosing network problems. This tool is command-line version of the Network Troubleshooter that can be found in Windows Help and Support Center. Windows Installer Zapper (msizap.exe, a command-line tool) and Windows Installer CleanUp Utility (Msicuu.exe, a GUI tool) are tools for cleaning Windows Installer databases in Microsoft Windows. Many of the Windows Resource Kit tools are included as part of the Support Tools. Although no x64 Resource Kit tools have been produced by Microsoft, some support tools are available in native x64 versions on the Windows XP Professional x64 and Windows Server 2003 x64 Editions CDs.

</doc>
<doc id="9755040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755040" title="International Retail Service">
International Retail Service

International Retail Service is a service provided by the London Stock Exchange that allows UK investors to trade in overseas stocks quoted in pounds sterling, without having to worry about exchange rates, through the CREST system (Thus allowing the shares to be in a dematerialized form). Not all international equities are listed on the "IRS". There are currently approx. 330 Blue chip/large cap equities available (primarily European and US companies).

</doc>
<doc id="9755045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755045" title="Paksha">
Paksha

Paksha (or "pakṣa": ), refers to a fortnight or a lunar phase in a month of the Hindu lunar calendar.
Literally meaning "side", a paksha is the period either side of the Full Moon Day ("Purnima"). A lunar month in the Hindu calendar has two fortnights, and begins with the New moon, ("Amavasya"). The lunar days are called "tithis" and each month has 30 tithis, which may vary from 20 – 27 hours. A paksha has 15 tithis, which are calculated by a 12 degree motion of the Moon. The first fortnight between New Moon Day and Full Moon Day is called Shukla Paksha, the period of the brightening moon (waxing moon), and the second fortnight of the month is called Krishna Paksha, or the period of the fading moon (waning moon). Nimach Panchang begin new lunar month from first day of Krishna Paksha while Gujarat Panchang begin new lunar month from first day of Shukla Paksha.
Shukla Paksha.
Shukla paksha refers to the bright lunar fortnight or waxing moon in the Hindu calendar. "Shukla" () is Sanskrit word for "white".
Shukla Paksha is a period of 15 days, which begins on the "Shukla Amavasya" (New Moon) day and culminating Poornima (Full Moon) day and is considered auspicious.
Numerous festivals are held during this period, including the Navratri festivals, most importantly Chaitra Navratri and Ashvin Navratri.
Krishna Paksha.
Krishna paksha refers to the dark lunar fortnight or waning moon in the Hindu calendar. "Krishna" () is Sanskrit for "dark". 
Krishna Paksha is a period of 15 days, which begins on the (Full Moon) day ("Purnima"), culminating on (New Moon) day ("Amasvasya"). "Krishna Paksha" is considered inauspicious, as the moon loses light during this period.
Festivals during Krishna Paksha are:
Other usages.
In Vedic astrology when a person does a prasna (a question chart) and the planet Venus indicates the time period, the event referred to in the answer will happen in a pakṣa ("fortnight") from the time the question was asked.

</doc>
<doc id="9755046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755046" title="Lists of Fire Emblem characters">
Lists of Fire Emblem characters

List of "Fire Emblem" characters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9755050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755050" title="Supernode">
Supernode

Supernode may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9755057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755057" title="SDZ">
SDZ

SDZ may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9755067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755067" title="List of Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players">
List of Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players

The Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs are a professional rugby league club in the National Rugby League (NRL), the premier rugby league football competition in Australia.
To date there have been 690 first-grade players to wear the blue and white of the Bulldogs.
Based in Belmore, a suburb of Sydney, the Bulldogs in 1935 were admitted to the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition, a predecessor of the current NRL competition.
Canterbury won their first premiership in just their fourth season (1938). At the time it made them the quickest club (barring the founding clubs) to win a premiership after admission to the competition, a record which was only recently beaten in 1999 by the Melbourne Storm. They won a second premiership in 1942 but then had to wait another 38 years before breaking through for a third title in 1980. During the 80s, the Bulldogs were a dominant force in the competition appearing in five Grand Finals, winning four of them. In the 90s they featured in the 1995 and 1998 Grand Finals, winning the former. Their most recent success was in 2004 when they beat the Sydney Roosters 16 - 13. The tryscorers were Hazem El Masri and Matt Utai, and the Clive Churchill Medal winner was Willie Mason.
Notable players.
Australia 
England
France
New Zealand
South Africa
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="9755081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755081" title="Rockin' the Fields of Minnedosa">
Rockin' the Fields of Minnedosa

Rockin' the Fields of Minnedosa is an annual summer rock festival held in Minnedosa, Manitoba. 
Rockin' the Fields (RFM) is a non-profit cooperative that organizes a rock concert each August long weekend on the shores of Lake Minnedosa, Manitoba. Classic rock is the primary music style, but newer rock as well as some blues are also played.
References.
Wheat City Journal 7/13/2006
<br>Official website

</doc>
<doc id="9755106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755106" title="Vanessa Alfano">
Vanessa Alfano

Vanessa Alfano (born May 9, 1976) is the founder of healthystyleny.com. 
Alfano is former American weather anchor for WWOR-TV in New York City. She was also a feature reporter and fill-in weather anchor for WNYW-TV the Fox Affiliate in New York City whom she joined in 2006. She previously worked at WCBS-TV as the traffic reporter for "CBS 2 This Morning". 
Alfano is a Long Island, New York native. She began her news career as a weather anchor and traffic agent on Long Island's News 12 Traffic & Weather. Although she earned a degree in English from Messiah College and spent some time as a teacher, she changed careers after meeting a reporter.
Vanessa Alfano is a reporter, host, and television personality in the NYC area. She is also the founder of HealthyStyleNY.com. and appears on television on its behalf. She has recently been featured on Today in NY, Better TV, and Fox News Channel. She also has a recurring role on the new Fox Business Network show,"Money Rocks". 
Vanessa also spent years as a reporter for Fox5's "Good Day New York". She worked as a Features reporter and Weather Anchor for the Newscast and also worked for their sister station, My9 News. She also was a Traffic anchor of" CBS2 This Morning" where she also covered Features and Entertainment News. She started her career at "News12 Networks."
External links.
http://vanessaalfano.com/Welcome.html

</doc>
<doc id="9755108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755108" title="Livestock dehorning">
Livestock dehorning

Dehorning, or disbudding, is the process of removing or stopping the growth of the horns of livestock. Cattle, sheep, and goats are often dehorned for economic and safety reasons. Horns can pose a risk to humans, other animals and to the bearers of the horns themselves (horns are sometimes caught in fences or prevent feeding). The procedure is commonly performed early in an animal's life, along with other actions such as docking (tail amputation) and castration. Dehorning is considered by some concerned with animal welfare to be cruelty because of the pain it can cause. Many breeds of cattle and sheep are naturally polled (hornless) and therefore do not need to be dehorned. Most other livestock species cannot easily be bred to lack horns naturally – for example, the poll gene in goats is closely linked to hermaphrodism.
Procedure.
Dehorning is normally performed with local anesthesia and sedation by a veterinarian or a trained professional. To minimize discomfort and risk, dehorning is being increasingly performed when horns are small "buds", the process to be called "debudding" or "disbudding." 
Removal of larger horns is usually performed during spring and autumn to avoid fly season.
In very large horns, "tipping" (removal of the tip of the horn) may be recommended to minimize bleeding. 
Procedures used.
Cauterization is the process of killing the growth ring of the horn using heat. This process is done when the animal is very young, no more than three or four weeks old—that way the horns are not very big and have not had time to grow attached to the skull. The earlier in the calf's life cauterization is done, the less pain and stress is inflicted on the calf. Cauterization is usually done with a dehorning hot iron after the area is numbed with local anesthesia. 
A curved knife can be used to cut the horn off when the calf is younger than a couple of months old. It is a simple procedure where the horn and the growth ring is cut off to remove the horn. 
For older calves, usually under eight months of age, the horns are starting to grow attached to the skull, so a cup dehorner or a Gigli saw, a type of surgical cutting wire, is used. There are several different types of cup dehorners, but they all serve the same function of removing the horn and growth ring. Since the horn is tougher it takes more force to remove it so tools that provide some leverage are need. Gigli saw wire is used on horns of older calf’s horns that have grown too large for the cup dehorners. 
The most recent development in dehorning technology is the dehorning (caustic) paste. The paste is used on calves at less than two days old. The hair around the horn is trimmed back and then the paste is spread all over the horn bud and around the base of the horn on the growth cells. The paste kills the growth ring of the horn and then the horn falls off like a scab when it is healed. However, this method bears a risk of the paste causing injury to the animal's eyes or other tissues if used during periods of rain. That is why it is used carefully on animals housed indoors. 
For mature cows that were not dehorned when they were young, it is common practice to just cut off the pointed end of the horn. This practice is called horn tipping; it is less stressful on the cows because there is no blood loss and the horn is cut off where there is no longer any nerve endings. This practice does not eliminate the bruising damage done by the horns when cows fight, but it does eliminate the risk of puncture wounds and eye loss from pointed horns.
If adult cattle are dehorned, veterinarians recommend it be done using local anaesthetic (Cornual Nerve block).
Pain control.
Today, agricultural professionals and veterinarians recommend dehorning be done before 2 days of age using caustic paste, or using local anaesthetic (Cornual Nerve block) when performing any of the other procedures. Sedation may be recommended, especially for larger animals that require increased restraint. Use of longer-term pain medicine, like NSAIDs, are being researched in the US to ensure food safety. 
In 2007, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Animal Health Monitoring System (NAHMS) survey suggested that most cattle in the U.S. were dehorned without the use of anesthesia at that time. The survey showed that more than nine out of ten dairy farms practice dehorning, but fewer than 20 percent of dairy operations that dehorned cattle used analgesics or anesthesia during the process. While animal rights groups, like the Humane Society of the U.S., condemn dehorning practices, ending the practice would mean increased horn-related injuries to cattle and humans. Polled (hornless) genetics is becoming increasingly popular among dairy farmers, with more polled calves being born every year. As genetic testing becomes more available to the every day farmer, there is increasing potential to remove or at least minimize horned genetics from the dairy gene pool in the future. 
Restraint methods.
The animal to be dehorned is usually restrained, either using a dehorning table or with chemical restraint (see sedation). This ensures that the dehorning procedure can be done safely and properly. Young calves are run through a head gate (similar to a Cattle crush) or haltered to ensure the safety of the calves and handlers. Calves more than a few months old are held in a head gate and their head restrained with a dehorning table or chin bar. Smaller animals like sheep and goats may be restrained by hand or with use of halters.

</doc>
<doc id="9755114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755114" title="Ocean House, Rhode Island">
Ocean House, Rhode Island

The Ocean House is a large Victorian hotel located in Watch Hill, Rhode Island. Watch Hill is a small fire district located in the town of Westerly within Washington County. At the time of its closing the hotel was large. It was the last remaining water front Victorian Era hotel on mainland Rhode Island. 
History.
Originally built in 1868 the Ocean House was rather small compared to the other large hotels located on Watch Hill. Over the years many additions were made to the hotel to make it a grand yellow landmark on the shore. In 1916, a motion picture starring Douglas Fairbanks called "American Aristocracy" was filmed at the Ocean House.
Closing.
The old Ocean House did not have any heating, air conditioning, or ventilation. It was a seasonal hotel only open for about three months a year. After the Great White Station nightclub fire, Rhode Island's demanding fire codes were more rigorously enforced. The 138-year-old structure was grossly non-compliant with current building and life safety codes . The timber building's structure was compromised due to installation of electric and gas lines, plumbing, and reconfiguring the rooms to have private bathrooms. In the last years of the hotel's life the top two floors were off-limits to guests. Of the original 159 rooms only 59 could be used. The Ocean House closed its doors in 2003 and was sold.
The current owners considered renovating the old building . To do so would have required installation of interior structural shear walls to bring the Ocean House up to current code for hurricane and wind loads . New hurricane-rated windows set in new frames and a brand new foundation made of concrete with steel tie-downs throughout would have also been needed. All lead paint would have to be stripped off the exterior and interior . Interior mold would have to be removed which meant demolishing interior finishes . To offer today's hotel amenities two floors would need to be created below the current building, plus a concealed parking garage would be required . All these problems would be economically and physically impossible to fix, so the owners decided to replicate the Ocean House .
Now.
The old historic Ocean House structure was demolished in December 2005 and re-opened in 2010. The huge building with such a long history took only a few days to come down. The new building replicates over 60% of the old building, but only has 49 guest rooms, with 23 luxury residential suites available for purchase. They are priced at $2 million to $7 million for Studio, 1, or 2 bedrooms. Amenities in the new hotel include meeting rooms, spa, lap pool, fitness center, and restaurant. The construction of the new Ocean House was managed by Dimeo Construction Company of Providence, R.I.

</doc>
<doc id="9755129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755129" title="Treaty of Berlin (1742)">
Treaty of Berlin (1742)

The Treaty of Berlin between the Habsburg archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria, who was also Queen of Bohemia, and the Prussian king Frederick the Great was signed on 28 July 1742 in Berlin. It was the formal peace treaty that confirmed the preliminary agreement achieved with English mediation by the 11 June Treaty of Breslau, and officially ended the First Silesian War.
Based on article 5 of the treaty, 
Maria Theresa ceded most of Silesia with the County of Kladsko to Frederick, except for those districts of the Duchy of Troppau that were located south of the Opava river, including the southern part of the former Duchy of Jägerndorf, the possession of which had been one pretext for Frederick's invasion. The Duchy of Neisse held by the Breslau bishops was also partitioned, with the fortress-city of Nysa and the larger northern portion of the territory falling to Prussia. Austria retained the entire Upper Silesian Duchy of Teschen, ruled by Maria Theresa's husband, Francis Stephen of Lorraine, Grand Duke of Tuscany. The remaining Habsburg territories were incorporated into the crown land of Austrian Silesia.
Prussia in turn left the anti-Habsburg coalition it had forged with France, Spain, Sweden, Naples and the Electorates of Bavaria, Saxony and Cologne. It also assumed debts of about 1.7 million gulden which Austria had contracted with her ally Great Britain. King George II of Great Britain acted as guarantor.
With his territorial gain, Frederick enlarged the Prussian territory by one third, achieving the status of a European great power and initiating the hundred-year Austria–Prussia rivalry. However, Prussia's former ally King Louis XV of France was upset by this peace agreement that gave the united Austrian, British and Hanoverian forces a free hand to oust the French troops at the 1743 Battle of Dettingen - an alienation that ultimately led to the Diplomatic Revolution of 1756. Maria Theresa's Wittelsbach rival Emperor Charles VII, deserted and humiliated, had to stay at his Frankfurt exile while his Bavarian electorate remained under Austrian occupation.
The peace reached was short-lived, as both sides prepared for the Second Silesian War, opened by Frederick marching against Prague in August 1744.

</doc>
<doc id="9755161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755161" title="Jyväskylä railway station">
Jyväskylä railway station

Jyväskylä railway station (Finnish: "Jyväskylän matkakeskus"), also sometimes referred to as 'Jyväskylä Travel Centre' is located in the city of Jyväskylä, Finland. The station is also the city's main bus terminal for long-distance buses.
History.
Passenger traffic started at Jyväskylä on , when the railway track from Haapamäki was built and Jyväskylä was added into the Finnish railway network. The track to Suolahti was opened in 1898, and later extended to Äänekoski and Haapajärvi. Another line was opened to Pieksämäki in 1918. The current track layout dates of 1977, when a new line was opened between Jämsänkoski and Jyväskylä to ease traffic between Haapajärvi and Jyväskylä. Passenger traffic started on the new line in May 1978.
The station building was built between 1896 and 1897 according to the style of the time, by the architect Bruno Granholm at the Finnish Railway Institute. The station building represents national romanticist wooden architecture. The station included the stationmaster's quarters and a storage house. The station expanded with a restaurant designed by Thure Hellström in 1916. In addition, two two-floor residential buildings with accompanying service buildings were built in 1921. The station building was expanded again in 1923 and from 1968 to 1969.
Visions of combining the rail and bus stations had already started during the 1980s, and a competition was held in 1995 to select the design for the future station. The winning bid, collaborately designed by architect companies Harris & Kjisik and Petri Rouhiainen, was named Kannel as it was modeled after the Finnish instrument. Work started in July 2011. The new travel centre was opened on near the old station buildings, which were converted into business, service and residential use. The old station is part of the Finnish contract to preserve historically significant station areas, and is part of the inventory of culturally significant areas of the Finnish National Board of Antiquities.
Services.
On the first floor, the travel centre offers services for both bus and rail passengers . It also contains restaurants, small shops, a baby-care space and a passenger information system.

</doc>
<doc id="9755174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755174" title="Institute of Infection Diseases">
Institute of Infection Diseases

The Institute of Infection Diseases formerly (Leprosy Hospital) situated in Manghopir, Gadap Town, Karachi in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9755178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755178" title="Blink (Doctor Who)">
Blink (Doctor Who)

"Blink" is the tenth episode of the third series of the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was first broadcast on 9 June 2007 on the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC). The episode was directed by Hettie MacDonald and is the only episode in the 2007 series written by Steven Moffat. The episode is based on a previous short story written by Moffat for the 2006 "Doctor Who Annual", entitled "'What I Did on My Christmas Holidays' By Sally Sparrow".
In the episode, the Doctor—a time travelling alien played by David Tennant—and his companion Martha Jones (Freema Agyeman) are trapped in the past and try to warn a young woman, Sally Sparrow (Carey Mulligan), how to prevent the Weeping Angels from taking control of the TARDIS. In order to solve the case, Sparrow, along with her best friend's brother Larry Nightingale (Finlay Robertson), must unravel a set of cryptic clues sent through time by the marooned Doctor.
The Doctor and his companion have very little screen time, which allowed for another episode to be filmed simultaneously, "Blink" is consequently referred to as a "Doctor-lite" episode. The scenes at Wester Drumlins were actually shot in a derelict house in Newport. To create the angels, two actresses wore makeup and prosthetics. The episode was seen by 6.62 million viewers in the United Kingdom.
"Blink" received overwhelmingly positive reviews from critics. Moffat won the BAFTA Craft and BAFTA Cymru awards for Best Writer, and the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form, while for her single performance in the series, Mulligan won the Constellation Award for Best Female Performance in a 2007 Science Fiction Television Episode. In 2009 the episode was voted the second best "Doctor Who" story ever in history by readers of "Doctor Who Magazine".
Plot.
In 2007, Sally Sparrow enters an abandoned house to look for subjects to photograph. Instead she finds eerie statues and a message from the Doctor behind peeling wallpaper addressed to her, warning her about the Weeping Angels. Sally returns the next day with her friend Kathy Nightingale to explore further, but Kathy disappears at the same time a young man knocks at the door. He claims to be Kathy's grandson, and delivers a letter to Sally. The letter explains that Kathy suddenly found herself in the 1920s in Hull. She settled down with a husband and led a peaceful life and requests that Sally tell Kathy's brother Larry of her disappearance. Sally finds a Yale key hanging from the hand of one of the statues and takes it before leaving.
Sally visits Larry at a DVD shop and finds that he has been documenting an "Easter egg" across seventeen apparently unrelated DVDs. The egg contains video clips of a man calling himself The Doctor having half of a conversation with the viewer. Larry gives Sally a list of the DVDs and she leaves for the police station. There she meets DI Billy Shipton, who explains that there have been several disappearances at the abandoned house and shows her an impound lot containing a locked fake police box. Sally leaves, but remembers the key she found and returns to find that Billy and the phone box have disappeared. She immediately receives a call from a much older Billy, who is on his death bed at the hospital. She visits him, and he explains that after she left the lot he discovered the Angels trying to retrieve the police box. He then suddenly found himself in 1969, where he met the Doctor and was asked to relay a message to Sally decades later. Billy subsequently married and started a video production house that was responsible for putting the Easter egg on the DVDs. Before Billy dies he tells Sally the Doctor's message, which instructs her to look at the list. Sally realises that the list is her own DVD collection and that the Easter egg is meant for her.
Sally and Larry return to the house with several of the DVDs and a portable DVD player. They select a DVD to watch the Easter egg and Larry places another into his pocket. Sally discovers she can converse with the Doctor in the past, as he possesses a transcript that is currently being compiled by Larry as he listens. The Doctor explains that he and Martha were transported to the past by the Weeping Angels. The Angels are "quantum locked", allowing them to move incredibly fast when unobserved but when they are seen they literally turn to stone. They cover their eyes to avoid looking at each other, giving them their weeping appearance. He warns Sally not to look away or even blink when they are around. The Doctor tells them they are seeking his TARDIS to acquire its potential power. The Doctor comes to the end of the transcript, and Sally realises Larry has stopped writing it due to the presence of an Angel in the room. They make their way to the basement of the house and discover the Angels and the TARDIS. The Angels attack, and Sally and Larry use Sally's key to hide inside the TARDIS. Once in the control room, a hologram of the Doctor informs them that they have a control disk with them. Larry takes a now glowing DVD from his pocket and inserts it into the console. The TARDIS dematerialises, leaving a panicking Sally and Larry behind. With the TARDIS gone, the Angels have been tricked into looking at each other and have become permanently frozen as statues.
One year later, Sally and Larry have opened a DVD store together. Sally insists on keeping a folder of the events, but Larry wants her to move on and indicates he has feelings for her. Sally gently rebuffs him, and Larry steps out for an errand. Sally sees the Doctor and Martha hurriedly leave a taxi in front of the shop and goes outside to meet them. They don't recognise her, and she realises that they have yet to experience the events that sent them to the past. She hands the Doctor the folder, warning him that he will need it in his future. The Doctor and Sally say goodbye as Larry returns, surprised to see the man from the Easter egg. Sally and Larry return to the shop hand in hand, hinting that she is now ready for a romantic relationship. The episode ends with a repeat of the Doctor's warning to Sally, this time directed at the viewer and overlaid with flashes of famous statues.
Production.
Writing.
"Blink" was written by Steven Moffat. Part of the story for "Blink" is based on Moffat's own Ninth Doctor short story from the "Doctor Who Annual 2006" called "'What I Did on My Christmas Holidays' by Sally Sparrow". The short story is presented as a homework essay from Sally, though only 12 years old, who encounters evidence of the Doctor's presence from the past in her aunt's house while visiting. "What I Did" includes several elements that are reused in "Blink", including messages under the wallpaper and an ontological paradox involving a conversation between Sally and the Doctor, prerecorded on a video cassette, based on a written transcript—the essay itself; however, instead of the Angels, "What I Did" features the Doctor and the TARDIS inadvertently separated twenty years in time by a fault in the time machine, and the Doctor is able to instruct Sally how to bring it back to him in the past.
Moffat had held the idea of the Weeping Angels since seeing an angel statue in a graveyard whilst on a family holiday, and had planned to use them for the next series in the episodes that became "Silence in the Library" and "Forest of the Dead". However, after withdrawing from the writing of series three's first two-part story—Helen Raynor took over these episodes, writing "Daleks in Manhattan" and "Evolution of the Daleks"—Moffat volunteered to write the series' Doctor-lite episode and opted to use the Weeping Angels in what would become "Blink". Moffat was also inspired to write the episode based on the popular children's game Statues, which he always found "frightening". Murray Gold, the composer for the series, later compared the creatures to the moving ghostly topiary animals in Stephen King's 1977 horror novel "The Shining".
"Blink" is the third story of the revived series to be adapted for television by the same writer from a piece of their spin-off writing. It follows the "Human Nature" and "The Family of Blood" story arc, which was adapted by Paul Cornell from his 1995 novel "Human Nature"; and "Dalek", which used the basic premise as well as several scenes and lines of dialogue adapted by Robert Shearman from his 2003 audio drama "Jubilee". "Blink" is referred to as a "Doctor-Lite" episode because the Doctor and his companion have very little screen time. This process allowed two episodes to be filmed simultaneously, a process known as "double banking". This practice had begun with the 2006 entry "Love & Monsters", and would continue for episodes such as "Turn Left", "Midnight", and "The Girl Who Waited". Moffat stated that, due to the "Doctor-lite" structure of the episode, he felt relaxed when he was writing the script for "Blink". Due to the show's tight schedule, "Blink" had only one script meeting.
Filming.
"Blink" was directed by Hettie MacDonald, making her the first female director of a "Doctor Who" episode since the Sixth Doctor serial "The Mark of the Rani". Russell T Davies, the series' executive producer, later noted that, due to MacDonald's work, the episode included some of "the most beautiful we've ever had". British actress Carey Mulligan was chosen to play Sally Sparrow; Mulligan was reportedly ecstatic to have been cast in the series. She was initially concerned with the fact that Tennant would have little screen time, but after the episode aired was very pleased with the final result.
Location shooting for scenes set at the Police Station Garage took place at the Coal Exchange and Mount Stuart Square, Cardiff Bay on 21 November 2006. Fields House, located in Newport, filled in for Wester Drumlins. The house was already abandoned and falling into disrepair when the filming crews arrived. Moffat noted that "very little of it was tarted up" for the shoot; Moffat later called the location "the creepiest house" he had ever seen. The name was taken from a previous residence that Moffat lived in during the late 1990s. Larry describes the residence as "Scooby-Doo's house", a reference to the dilapidated mansions that the "Scooby-Doo" gang would usually visit. The BBC Fact File for the episode notes that 1969—the year Martha, the Doctor and Billy are sent to—is the first year "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!" aired.
Originally, the producers considered having Michael Obiora play both the young and old version of Billy Shipton. However, it was decided that Obiora in makeup would look too fake, and so Louis Mahoney was cast to play the older version. Initially, Obiora played the role with a London accent; Mahoney, however, has a thick accent. Obiora had to re-dub his lines to match. Billy mentions that the windows of the TARDIS are the wrong size for a real police box. In 2004, when the first photographs of the new series' TARDIS prop were revealed, there was a vigorous discussion of the box's dimensions on the Outpost Gallifrey "Doctor Who" discussion forum, in which some fans complained that the prop's windows were too big. Moffat has confirmed that this line is an in-joke aimed at the Outpost Gallifrey forum.
Effects.
Moffat joked that "since I was a kid, I've been thinking of "Doctor Who" monsters, just now when I do, it costs the art department […] a lot of money". To create the rigid structure of the angels' dresses, prosthetics supervisors Rob Mayor soaked fabric in fibreglass resin, which was then painted over. Although they are never shown moving on screen, all of the Weeping Angels were played by actresses Aga Blonska and Elen Thomas wearing makeup and prosthetics. The actresses wore two distinct masks: one that was more docile looking, and one with fangs bared. Blonska later noted that "I'm partly painted, partly glued into the costume, but it's quite comfortable." Although the actresses were slightly "wobbly" when they stood still, the producers used digital effects to, in essence, freeze the angels on film. Moffat was very pleased with the results, and called them "fantastic". Mulligan later called the effects "so good" and "really creepy".
To create the effect of the Angels rocking the TARDIS Mulligan and Robertson threw themselves around the ship's set. The camera's operator then shook the camera in the opposite direction that Mulligan and Robertson threw themselves. The scene wherein the Doctor talks to Sally via a DVD extra was created by writing a conversation, removing Sally's lines, then having David Tennant record his lines. Moffat felt that this one-way filming made the performance more "authentic". Moffat initially wrote placeholder dialogue in the script for the scene where the Doctor tells Sally that he can hear her in the DVD shop, because he knew the lines that appeared would have to play "double duty later on" and be authentic and fresh both times. Gold called the sequences "the heart of the Chinese puzzle".
Broadcast and reception.
"Blink" was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 9 June 2007. Overnight ratings showed that it was watched by 6.1 million viewers, which rose to 6.62 once time-shifted viewers were taken into account. The episode was the seventh most watched episode on BBC One for the week ending 10 June and was the lowest-rated episode of "Doctor Who" third series. It received an Appreciation Index of 87, considered "excellent". In its initial broadcast, a short clip of a card reading "One Year Later" was shown before the episode's denouement. In the syndicated and the DVD version, this shot has been removed.
A Region 2 DVD containing "Blink" together with the episodes "Human Nature" and "The Family of Blood" was released on 23 July 2007. It was re-released as part of the complete series three DVD on 5 November 2007.
Critical reception and accolades.
"Blink" has been praised by critics. "The Guardian" Stephen Brook called it a "wonderfully creepy episode" that "ultimately made sense" despite "barely featurthe Doctor and Martha". David Bradley of "SFX" awarded "Blink" five out of five stars, saying that it could have featured any of the previous Doctors and predicted that its "timelessness" would ensure that it would "[go down as one of the finest, scariest, cleverest "Who" episodes ever". IGN's Travis Fickett gave the episode 9.1 out of 10, praising the way the audience felt they had known Sally Sparrow for a while, as well as the strength of Mulligan's performance, although he noted that "all of the performances in this episode are exceptional". He concluded that, "it's difficult to believe that so much was accomplished in such a short amount of time. The story of not one, but two relationships was told, several time lines intersected and a new and rather frightening enemy was vanquished without The Doctor ever coming face to face with them". Ross Ruedinger of "Slant Magazine" believed that the episode was not just the best "Doctor Who" episode, but also a great episode of the science fiction and horror genre that could allow it to stand alone. He also praised the fear-inducing concept of the Weeping Angels as well the "tenderness of the story and the characters" which were "quite intricate given how much is going on in these 45 minutes". "The Daily Telegraph" named the episode the tenth best of the show in 2008, noting that, while the Doctor "is somewhat on the periphery here", it "adds to the threat".
Many critics consider the episode one of the strongest during Tennant's time as the Doctor. IGN's Matt Wales named it the sixth best episode of Tennant's tenure, while Sam McPherson of TVOvermind listed it as the second best Tenth Doctor episode. In 2011, before the second half of the sixth series, "The Huffington Post" labelled "Blink" as one of the five essential episodes for new viewers to watch. The Weeping Angels also received critical praise. In 2009 "SFX" named the climax with the Weeping Angels advancing on Sally and Larry the scariest moment in "Doctor Who" history, describing it as "a terrifying combination of scary concept and perfect direction". The Weeping Angels came in at number three in Neil Gaiman's "Top Ten New Classic Monsters" in "Entertainment Weekly", while TV Squad named them the third scariest television characters. They were also rated the third "baddie" in "Doctor Who" by "The Daily Telegraph", behind the Nestene Consciousness and Daleks. In 2009 "SFX" listed the Angels in their list of favourite things of the revival of "Doctor Who", writing, "Scariest. Monsters. Ever."
Writer Steven Moffat was awarded the 2008 BAFTA Craft and BAFTA Cymru awards for Best Writer for his work on this episode. It also won the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form, and Carey Mulligan received the Constellation Award for Best Female Performance in a 2007 Science Fiction Television Episode. The episode was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Script, but lost to "Pan's Labyrinth" by Guillermo del Toro.
Legacy.
"Blink" also received the award for Best Story in the "Doctor Who Magazine" 2007 Survey. In "Doctor Who Magazine" 2009 poll to find the greatest "Doctor Who" story ever, "Blink" came in second place after Peter Davison's final story, "The Caves of Androzani". In a 2007 poll conducted by the BBC, taking votes from 2,000 readers of the "Doctor Who Adventures" magazine, the Weeping Angels were voted the scariest monsters of 2007 with 55% of the vote; the Master and the Daleks took second and third place with 15% and 4% of the vote. In a 2012 poll of over ten thousand respondents conducted by the "Radio Times", the Weeping Angels were again voted the best "Doctor Who" monster with 49.4% of the vote. Moffat, after becoming lead writer of the programme, wrote "The Time of Angels"/"Flesh and Stone" for the fifth series as a more action-oriented sequel, believing that good monsters should come back with a different style of story. They also returned in "The Angels Take Manhattan", seventh series episode, and have featured in "Good as Gold", a mini-episode written by children for a "Blue Peter" contest, and the New Series Adventures novel "Touched by an Angel" by Jonathan Morris.
A line spoken by the Doctor, "The angels have the phone box", is rhetorically repeated by Larry and prompts him to say "I've got that on a T-shirt". As expected by Moffat and Gold, this led online retailers such as ThinkGeek, and Zazzle, among others, to offer versions of such a product for sale. In addition, the "wibbly-wobbly timey-wimey" line has been used to describe several of Moffat's complex time travel stories, such as "Let's Kill Hitler" and "The Big Bang". The line was also referenced in the first episode of the fifth series, "The Eleventh Hour", when the Eleventh Doctor (Matt Smith) scans the crack in young Amelia Pond's (Caitlin Blackwood) wall with his sonic screwdriver. BBC America created a series of four specials prior to the seventh series premiere of "Doctor Who", including one entitled "The Timey-Wimey Stuff of Doctor Who".
British "Timelord rock" band Chameleon Circuit, composed of YouTube bloggers Alex Day and Charlie McDonnell among others, wrote a song about the episode, also entitled "Blink", and released it on their debut eponymous album.

</doc>
<doc id="9755179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755179" title="German submarine U-20">
German submarine U-20

U-20 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
U-20 or U-XX may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9755199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755199" title="Little Saskatchewan River">
Little Saskatchewan River

The Little Saskatchewan River is a river in western Manitoba. It originates in Riding Mountain National Park at Lake Audy and flows about south through the communities of Minnedosa and Rapid City. Its approximate length is 185 km. It joins the Assiniboine River about west of Brandon. The watershed has an area of . The watershed includes numerous lakes and three man made reservoirs (Minnedosa Lake, Rapid City Reservoir and Lake Wahtopanah. 
In 1911 the Geographic Board of Canada adopted the name Minnedosa River but restored the original name in 1978. Some early settlers to the area arrived when the river was in flood and thought it was the Saskatchewan River.
The maximum mean daily discharge near Rivers, Manitoba was per second on April 14, 1969. Average annual runoff is about , the equivalent of from the entire area or about 7% of the total annual precipitation.

</doc>
<doc id="9755202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755202" title="Falköpings KIK">
Falköpings KIK

Falköpings KIK, formed 1976, is a sports club in Falköping, Sweden. The women's soccer professional team has qualified for the 2007 season Damallsvenskan.

</doc>
<doc id="9755206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755206" title="Oakland Center for the Arts">
Oakland Center for the Arts

The Oakland Center for the Arts (or the Oakland, as it is usually called) is an interdisciplinary arts center based in Youngstown, Ohio. The center was established in 1986, as a community venue for theater, film, music, literature, dance, and the visual arts. 
The center specializes in performing locally written plays, as well as offbeat, obscure musicals such as "" and "Baby"
In the 1990s, the center joined the Ballet Western Reserve in the renovation of the community's former Elks Building. 
In 2008, the Oakland broke new ground in the world of Youngstown community theater when the center's production of "The Full Monty" ended with full-frontal nudity by the six male leads. 
The Oakland will also join a short list of theaters to perform the relatively new musical "" in July of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9755230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755230" title="Circle of stars">
Circle of stars

A circle of stars often represents unity, solidarity and harmony in flags, seals and signs, and is also seen in iconographic motifs related to the Woman of the Apocalypse as well as in Baroque allegoric art that sometimes depicts the Crown of Immortality.
Woman of the Apocalypse.
The New Testament's Book of Revelation (12:1, 2 & 5) describes the Woman of the Apocalypse: "And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars. And she being with child cried, travailing in birth ... And she brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron:and her child was caught up unto God, and to his throne" In Catholic tradition she has been identified with the Blessed Virgin Mary, especially in connection with the Immaculate Conception. Mary is often pictured with a crown or halo of stars.
The doctrine of the Immaculate Conception was somewhat controversial in the medieval church, and the liturgical Office for the feast was only established in 1615. In 1649, Francisco Pacheco (father-in-law of Velázquez) published his "Art of Painting" firmly establishing the detailed correct iconography for paintings of the Virgin of the Immaculate Conception, which included the circle of stars (he also advised the inquisition in Seville on artistic matters). This was followed by Murillo and his school in very many paintings, and influenced non-Spanish depictions.
European Union.
A circle of twelve stars features on the flag of the European Union. It has been suggested that the motif was chosen, deliberately or subconsciously, as a representation of, or reference to, Mary, something which could be potentially offensive to the significant Protestant, Muslim, atheist, and Jewish populations of the EU. However, the European Union rejects these theories, pointing out that many other flags show similar circles of stars. Most notably the canton of the famous "Betsy Ross" flag of the early United States bears a remarkable resemblance to the EU flag. 
The flag itself was not designed for the EU, but rather for the earlier, independent, Council Of Europe in 1955. Much later, in 1985 the European Community (precursor to today's EU) adopted the same flag design with the permission of the Council of Europe. The Council of Europe organisation still exists and still uses the same flag design today. Membership of the Council of Europe is far more religiously-diverse membership than the EU: Turkey and the largely Muslim states of the Caucasus are all members, and Israel is a non-member signatory to many of the Council's convention documents.
Although one of the flag's designers, Arsène Heitz, when asked by a Catholic magazine did acknowledged that the Book of Revelation's twelve-star halo of the Virgin Mary did help to inspire him, he did not claim that the finished design held religious meaning.
Zodiac.
The Zodiac is an ancient "circle of stars" were some stars are symbolically combined into 12 Star signs also known as constellations. The etymology of the term Zodiac comes from the Latin zōdiacus, from the Greek ζῳδιακός [κύκλος], meaning " of animals", derived from ζῴδιον, the diminutive of ζῷον "animal".
Crown of Immortality.
The Crown of Immortality is a separate and earlier motif (and metaphor) which also uses a circle of stars. It has been widely used since the Early Church as a metaphor for the reward awaiting martyrs, but they are not depicted in art wearing a circle of stars. In art the use is mainly in Baroque allegorical compositions, and those with Ariadne.

</doc>
<doc id="9755238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755238" title="Anita Stansfield">
Anita Stansfield

Anita Stansfield (born July 20, 1961) is an American Latter-day Saint romance novelist. She is the LDS market's best-selling romance novelist, with sales of nearly half a million. 
Stansfield was born in Provo, Utah. She currently lives in Alpine, Utah with her husband and five children.
She has published many novels since her first publication in 1994, as well as a collection of personal essays, most of which are oriented toward Latter-day Saint readers. Many of her works have been published by Covenant Communications in American Fork, Utah, although she now self-publishes through her own company, Crosswalk Books. She is also an occasional public speaker at local events for LDS women as well as firesides for young men and young women. 
Stansfield is a former president of the Utah Valley Chapter of the League of Utah Writers. She has also won the Independent LDS Booksellers' "Best Fiction Award" for her first published book, "First Love and Forever". She has also won the League of Utah Writers' "Golden Quill" award multiple times, as well as Covenant Communications' 1997 special award for "Pioneering New Ground in LDS Fiction." In 2007, she won the Lifetime Achievement award from the Whitney Awards program. 

</doc>
<doc id="9755257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755257" title="2004–05 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team">
2004–05 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team

The 2004–05 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team, the 100th season of men's basketball at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, enjoyed one of the most successful seasons in recent college history. After starting the regular season with a record of 29–0, dominating opponents throughout, and winning the Big Ten Conference regular season title outright, the Illini were Big Ten Tournament champions and advanced in the 2005 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament to the National Championship, where they lost to the University of North Carolina Tar Heels 75–70. They ended the season with a conference record of 15–1, and an overall record of 37–2, tying the NCAA record for most wins in a season.
Regular season.
Illinois celebrated its 100th season of varsity basketball in style in 2004-05. In his second season as head coach at Illinois, Bruce Weber’s Illini made the centennial year magical, putting together the finest season in "U of I" history. The Illini tied the all-time NCAA record for victories in a season with 37 wins en route to its 37-2 record. Illinois made its fifth all-time NCAA Final Four appearance and first since 1989. The Illini defeated Louisville in the national semifinal to advance to the NCAA Championship game for the first time in school history. Illinois finished as the national runnerup,
falling to North Carolina in the title game. The Illini started the season by setting a school record
with 29 straight wins, the third best start in Big Ten history and tying the 12th best start in NCAA annals. Illinois won its second-ever game over a No. 1-ranked opponent, crushing Wake Forest 91-73 at the Assembly Hall on December 1. After the win, the Illini took over the top spot in the national polls and held it for the remainder of the regular season, an amazing run of 15 straight weeks. Illinois was ranked No. 1 in the final Associated Press poll of 2005, another first for the program. The Illini cruised to its second straight outright Big Ten Championship with a 15-1 record, as Weber became the first coach in 100 years of Big Ten basketball to win consecutive outright league championships in his first two seasons. The Illini also won the Big Ten Tournament, becoming just the second team to win both an outright Big Ten regular season title and the Big Ten Tournament in the same season. Bruce Weber swept all the coaching accolades imaginable in 2005, being named National Coach of the Year by nine organizations. Dee Brown was named The Sporting News National Player of the Year and swept the conference honors as well, being named both Big Ten Player of the Year and Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year. The Illini had three players earn consensus All-America honors in the same season for the first time ever. In addition to Brown earning consensus first-team All-America honors, Deron Williams and Luther Head were named consensus second-team All-Americans. Following the season, both Williams and Head were chosen in the first round of the NBA Draft, with Williams becoming the highest Illinois player ever drafted when he was chosen No. 3 overall by the Utah Jazz.
Team.
Roster.
"Luther Head, Deron Williams and Dee Brown were team captains."
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| Big Ten Tournament
!colspan=9| NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="9755258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755258" title="Netherlands Institute for Innovative Ocular Surgery">
Netherlands Institute for Innovative Ocular Surgery

The Netherlands Institute for Innovative Ocular Surgery (NIOS) is an institute providing products for extraocular implants and extraocular cosmetic surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="9755279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755279" title="Hotel Monte Vista">
Hotel Monte Vista

The Hotel Monte Vista is a famous and historic hotel located one block north of U.S. Route 66 in Flagstaff, Arizona. The hotel was built in 1927 and is a centerpiece of the historic downtown district. The hotel contains 43 rooms and suites on three floors. Many famous people have spent the night at the Hotel Monte Vista, including: John Wayne, Spencer Tracey, Humphrey Bogart, Clark Gable, Anthony Hopkins, Esther Williams, and Barbara Stanwyck. There have been many alleged ghost sightings at the Hotel Monte Vista. One of the sightings involves a "Phantom Bell Boy" that knocks on guests' doors in the middle of the night and will talk to the guest. The hotel is located at 100 N. San Francisco Street.
The Monte Vista Lounge, or "Monte V" as it is known, is a popular bar and entertainment venue.

</doc>
<doc id="9755287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755287" title="The Sound of Drums">
The Sound of Drums

"The Sound of Drums" is the twelfth episode of the third series of the revived British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was broadcast on BBC One on 23 June 2007. It is the second of three episodes that form a linked narrative, following "Utopia" and followed by "Last of the Time Lords".
The Master—in the form of Harold Saxon, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom—arrives in the 21st century, and the world enters a period of terror when the Master announces an encounter with an unknown alien race he calls the "Toclafane".
Plot.
Picking up immediately after the end of "Utopia", the Doctor along with Jack and Martha escape the Futurekind by using Jack's vortex manipulator to return to present-day London. They quickly learn that the Master has taken on the persona of Harold Saxon, and is the newly elected Prime Minister. The Master has created a phone network called Archangel which subliminally influences the population to vote for him. The three narrowly avoid a bomb placed in Martha's flat and learn that Martha's family has been arrested. The Master contacts them to gloat about his seeming victory, mentioning that he was resurrected by the Time Lords to fight in the Time War. The Master fled to the end of the universe and made himself human when defeat seemed inevitable. The Master reveals that the three are now England's most wanted criminals and has stripped them of any help, including sending Torchwood on a wild goose chase to the Himalayas. The Master asks the Doctor where Gallifrey is, and the Doctor responds that Gallifrey is gone and burned.
Hiding in an abandoned building, the Doctor uses parts of Martha's laptop and his TARDIS keys to create perception filters so they can move about unnoticed. He explains some of the Master's past and tells them how, as a child, the Master looked into the time vortex and was driven mad. They see a TV report that the Master is planning to reveal Earth's first contact the next day with an alien race known as the Toclafane. U.S. President Winters arrives in the UK and places the operation in the hands of UNIT, taking over the meeting from Mr. Saxon and moving it to the flying aircraft carrier "Valiant". The Master accepts the changes and boards the "Valiant" with his wife. The Doctor, Martha, and Jack teleport aboard with the vortex manipulator and discover that the TARDIS has been converted by the Master into a Paradox Machine that is building up power to be activated at the appointed time of first contact.
The Doctor tells Martha and Jack to try and get their perception filters around the Master to reveal who he really is to humanity. They enter the bridge unnoticed, and the first four Toclafane appear on the bridge and demand to see the Master. Mr. Saxon reveals himself as the Master and orders the Toclafane to kill President Winters. The Master also reveals that he can see around the perception filters, and uses his laser screwdriver to kill Jack and age the Doctor 100 years by suspending his ability to regenerate. The Master uses genetic manipulation technology and DNA he took from the Doctor's severed hand to torment the Doctor. Jack gives Martha his vortex manipulator and tells Martha to get off the Valiant.
The Master brings Martha's family onto the bridge as the paradox machine activates. He taunts the aged Doctor about the nature of the Toclafane and his impending victory. The Paradox Machine activates and a massive rift opens above the "Valiant", allowing six billion Toclafane to descend upon earth. The Master orders the Toclafane to kill one-tenth of the Earth's population. Martha tends to the aged Doctor, and he whispers into her ear. Unable to save the Doctor, Jack, or her family she promises she will return and uses the vortex manipulator to teleport away. Martha arrives on Earth and flees into the distance as the Toclafane wreak havoc on humanity. The Master gloats about the fall of the human race and forces the Doctor to look upon his new dominion.
Continuity.
Gallifrey.
The first televised black Time Lord appears during this Gallifrey flashback, although a black Time Lord appeared in the spin-off novel "The Shadows of Avalon" by Paul Cornell.
Whilst the boy Master wears a black-and-white outfit like those worn by the first Time Lords seen on screen, in "The War Games" in 1969, the adult Time Lords are depicted dressed in the ceremonial robes first seen in "The Deadly Assassin" in 1976. Created by then BBC staff designer James Acheson prior to his film career, the huge stiff collars of these outfits remained the distinctive look for officials of the Doctor's race. The collars used were the originals, on loan from the Doctor Who Exhibition in Blackpool.
The Seal of Rassilon—the equally well-established Gallifreyan symbol employed by Acheson (originally in the non-Time Lord-related "Revenge of the Cybermen")—appears here for the first time since its prominent use in the television movie.
The Master.
When talking to the world's press cameras toward the end of the episode, the Master begins his speech "Peoples of the Earth, please attend carefully." This paraphrases part of a speech he gave in episode four of "Logopolis" (1981), which began "Peoples of the Universe, please attend carefully."
The Master refers to his wife, Lucy Saxon, as his faithful "companion", a title regularly assumed by the travelling partners of the Doctor.
The Master is shown enjoying an episode of "Teletubbies", continuing a fascination with children's television first seen in "The Sea Devils", when he was shown watching "Clangers". He wryly analyses both series' characters, remarking how amazing it would be if they were real.
Production and publicity.
This episode, along with "Utopia" and "Last of the Time Lords", are treated in several sources as a three-part story, the first such story in the revived series of "Doctor Who". However, Russell T Davies has said that he regards "Utopia" as a separate story, but notes that the determination is arbitrary.
Some of the car action sequences in this episode were filmed by Freema Agyeman herself rather than a stunt double, and took place at Harbour View Road, Penarth. David Tennant's makeup in which he is aged 100 years was inspired by the First Doctor, William Hartnell.
The episode was advertised on BBC television with a spoof party political broadcast, featuring testimonials from British celebrities Sharon Osbourne, McFly and Ann Widdecombe showing their support for Mr Saxon, a version of which is seen in the episode itself. Also during the broadcast, drums can be heard. There is also a different trailer that showed still shots of the Doctor, Martha Jones and Captain Jack over the top of which Mr Saxon's speech, in which he says, "what this country really needs, right now, is a doctor", can be heard and at the end there is a small clip of him showing his trademark smile. The celebrity appearances in the episode itself differ from those in the trailer, most noticeably that of Ann Widdecombe, who appears alone in the trailer but alongside Mr Saxon in the episode. The BBC had created two fictional websites in connection with these episodes, Vote Saxon and http://www.haroldsaxon.co.uk. The latter site, at one time, did replicate the video and web pages seen by the characters in "The Sound of Drums".
Cast notes.
Lachele Carl previously appeared as the American news anchor in "Aliens of London", "World War Three", and "The Christmas Invasion". The spin-off website "Who is Doctor Who?" states her name as "Mal Loup". This is mangled French for "Bad Wolf". This newscaster's name has subsequently been specified in the end credits as "Trinity Wells".
Zoe Thorne previously voiced the Gelth in "The Unquiet Dead".* Olivia Hill played a TV Reporter in "The Sarah Jane Adventures" episode "Invasion of the Bane" (2007). William Hughes, who plays the young Master, played the even younger Casanova in the eponymous BBC serial written by Russell T. Davies, in which David Tennant plays the adult Casanova.
Music.
The drumming motif used several times in the story bears similarities to the underbeat of the "Doctor Who" theme tune. "Voodoo Child" by Rogue Traders is played diegetically within this episode. The song, from the album "Here Come the Drums", has the phrases "the sound of drums" and "here come the drums" in its lyrics.

</doc>
<doc id="9755319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755319" title="List of Derry City F.C. players">
List of Derry City F.C. players

This article deals with past and present players of Derry City Football Club.
Reserve and youth squads.
Derry City currently has an academy team as well as an under-21 reserve team who play in the Under 21 League of Ireland. These teams have also competed in international youth tournaments, including the Foyle Cup and the Umbro Galway Cup. In 2006 the academy team was victorious in the Umbro Galway Cup. Although many youth players come from the local youth league, the Derry and District League, Derry have branched out their scouting network and have since promoted players from all around Ireland.
Derry's under-21 side finished 3rd in the 2006 Dr. Tony O'Neill League Northern Section and therefore qualified for the knock-out stages, contested between qualifiers from the four provincial sections. In the second round, the side met Shelbourne F.C.'s under-21 team and knocked them out, winning 3-1. However, the side were then beaten in the quarter-final by the under-21 team of Sligo Rovers F.C.
Dream teams.
All-time XI chosen by Radio Foyle.
In the early 1990s, local radio station, BBC Radio Foyle chose an all-time dream-team of eleven players. The team was as follows:
Published in "Derry City FC: City Till I Die".
At the start of the 2007 season, a supporter publication, "Derry City FC: City Till I Die", designated the task of revealing their dream teams to lifelong Derry City fans, Mick McBride and Davy Doherty. Both men decided to choose only players that they had witnessed first hand playing for Derry City, thus limiting the pool to only players to have appeared since the 1950s. Subsequently, the likes of goal-scoring legend, Jimmy Kelly, remained absent. Players were chosen from both Derry's Irish League and League of Ireland eras. While distinguishing players on the basis of ability and consistency, consideration was also given to the amount of time contributed toward the club by individual players. While recognised greats such as Alan Sunderland, Denis Tueart and Neil McNab all played with Derry City, they all played with the club during the twilight stages of their careers and did not manage to accumulate more than a handful of appearances each. Hence, players of such ilk were omitted.
Record appearances in the League of Ireland.
"As of 16 July 2007:"

</doc>
<doc id="9755328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755328" title="Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit">
Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit

The Canadian Joint Incident Response Unit () of the Canadian Forces was created "to provide timely and agile broad-based CBRN (Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear) support to the Government of Canada in order to prevent, control and mitigate CBRN threats to Canada, Canadians, and Canadian interests." It is a sub-unit of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command.
History.
Subsequent to the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and the Chief Review Services Report on Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defence of the same year, it became evident that the Canadian Forces needed to increase the breadth of its NBCD capabilities. The federal government, under then-Prime Minister Jean Chrétien, allotted $30 million in the December 2001 budget to enhance this capability and create the Joint Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defence Company (JNBCD Coy). In September 2007, JNBCD Coy was reorganized into CJIRU, a rapid deployment response team due to the company's vast operational capabilities, duties, and responsibilities.
Due to the requirement for rapid deployment of the unit, CJIRU is based alongside airlift assets at 8 Wing Trenton, Ontario. The former-JNBCD Coy Headquarters were located at CFB Kingston, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="9755341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755341" title="Friends in Bellwoods">
Friends in Bellwoods

Friends in Bellwoods is a compilation album, released in 2007. It was the first release on Out of This Spark, through a distribution deal with Sonic Unyon Records. The album is named for a house on Bellwoods Avenue in Toronto, shared by two members of the band Ohbijou, which "NOW" has written "might just be the new epicentre of T.O.'s indie rock community". All of the featured artists are members or friends and collaborators of Ohbijou, and many of the tracks on the album were recorded in the house itself.
The album is a benefit for Toronto's Daily Bread Food Bank.
The album was officially released across Canada on February 12, 2007, although it was available for sale in some venues in Toronto in mid-January.
A second edition of the "Friends in Bellwoods" compilation was released in August 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9755348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755348" title="Lissodiadema">
Lissodiadema

Lissodiadema is the only genus in the family Lissodiadematidae.

</doc>
<doc id="9755350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755350" title="Pacific Monthly">
Pacific Monthly

Pacific Monthly was a magazine of politics, culture, literature, and opinion, published in Portland, Oregon, United States from 1898 to 1911, when it was purchased by Southern Pacific Railroad and merged with its magazine, "Sunset". "Sunset" still carries the subtitle "The Pacific Monthly."
During its years as an independent publication, "Pacific Monthly"'s most frequent contributor was Charles Erskine Scott Wood. From 1905 to 1911 Portland journalist Fred Lockley was general manager and frequent writer. Other contributors included Leo Tolstoy, George Sterling, Joaquin Miller, Sinclair Lewis, and Jack London, whose novel "Martin Eden" first appeared in serialized form in the magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9755361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755361" title="A Division (New York City Subway)">
A Division (New York City Subway)

The A Division, also known as the IRT Division, is a division of the New York City Subway, consisting of the lines operated with services designated by numbers (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7) and the 42nd Street Shuttle. These lines and services were operated by the Interborough Rapid Transit Company before the 1940 city takeover. A Division cars are narrower, shorter, and lighter than those of the B Division, measuring .
List of lines.
The following lines are part of the A Division (services shown in parentheses; lines with colors next to them are trunk lines):
Service history.
Numbers were assigned to subway services in 1948:
The 42nd Street Shuttle and Bowling Green – South Ferry Shuttle also provided subway services, and elevated service remained on the Third Avenue Line and Polo Grounds Shuttle.

</doc>
<doc id="9755379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755379" title="Fichu">
Fichu

A fichu is a large, square kerchief worn by women to fill in the low neckline of a bodice. It originated in the United Kingdom in the 18th century and remained popular there and in France through the 19th with many variations, as well as in the United States. The fichu was generally of linen fabric and was folded diagonally into a triangle and tied, pinned, or tucked into the bodice in front.

</doc>
<doc id="9755422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755422" title="Treaty of Breslau">
Treaty of Breslau

The Treaty of Breslau was a preliminary peace agreement signed on 11 June 1742 following long negotiations at the Silesian capital Wrocław () by emissaries of Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria and King Frederick II of Prussia ending the First Silesian War.
Background.
Frederick II had taken advantage of Maria Theresa's difficulties to prevail as Queen of Bohemia according to the Pragmatic Sanction of 1713 and in 1740 occupied Silesia, part of the Habsburg Monarchy since 1526. Several attempts to expel the invaders failed, while troops of Frederick's allies France, Saxony and Bavaria even campaigned in the adjacent Bohemian lands.
Secret peace negotiations had been carried on since fall 1741, yet still Frederick invaded Bohemia and defeated the Austrian troops at the Battle of Chotusitz on 17 May 1742. By the agency of John Carmichael, 3rd Earl of Hyndford (mocked as "Hundsfott", "scoundrel" by Frederick), envoy of the British, which was eager to prevent further war in Europe, a peace was concluded.
Content.
Based on the terms of the treaty, Maria Theresa ceded most of the Silesian duchies to Prussia except for the Duchy of Teschen, the districts of Troppau and Krnov south of the Opava river as well as the southern part of the Duchy of Nysa, that were all to become the province of Austrian Silesia. Furthermore Frederick annexed the Bohemian County of Kladsko.
Despite the popular name of the treaty, it was actually signed in Berlin. This treaty, along with the Treaty of Berlin signed on 28 July 1742, officially ended the First Silesian War. Except for the partition of Cieszyn Silesia and the incorporation of the Hlučín Region in 1920, the 1742 demarcation line today still determines the border of the Czech Republic with Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="9755429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755429" title="Gat Decor">
Gat Decor

Gat Decor (or Gat Décor) is the a house music production team best known for the 1992 song "Passion". The song is considered to be one of the best-known works of the early progressive house genre. 
The main contributor of the team is the British DJ and producer, Simon Slater with Lawrence Nelson and Simon Hanson. The name 'Gat Decor' was derived from an anagram of 'Tag Records', a record store based in Soho, London.
Although Gat Decor does not have an extensive catalog (two proper singles and a handful of remixes), the act and "Passion" are widely considered influential to dance music in the early 1990s; and Slater still operates a Gat Decor website and continues to license "Passion".
"Passion".
"Passion" is Gat Decor's best-known work. Originally released in 1992 on Effective Records, the 12-inch single contained the original, instrumental version (The Naked Mix) along with Darren Emerson's remix on the B-side. This was Emerson's first remix. The 1992 release was an immediate success in underground dance clubs, and eventually became a hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 29. "Passion" is notably one of the first songs to be referred to as "progressive house", utilizing a heavy bassline and a distinctive "piano-house" progression in its second half. The piano line was played by a session musician. The Roland TB-303 is also used. Nick Warren has described the single as one of the first to create a distinctive British house sound.
Since its original release, "Passion" has been officially and unofficially re-issued several times. Remixed by East London DJ Mervyn Victor after playing it live in the mix for several years he finally put out a few DJ only copies in 1994 on vinyl calling it "Degrees of Passion". This was a version of the 1992 seven-minute instrumental with a mixed in vocal from "Do You Want It Right Now?" by Degrees of Motion featuring Biti. The vocal used from Degrees of Motion was sang by Biti Strauchn At the time nearly every major DJ in the UK jumped on it making it a cult hit. In 1996 a four minute version subtitled the "Do You Want It Right Now Mix", featured a new version of the "Do You Want It Right Now" vocal recorded by Beverley Skeete peaked at number six in the UK.
As of 2008, countless bootlegs have been released, consisting of remixes and other mash-ups. The track has appeared on an abundance of compilation albums and DJ-mix sets (both official and unofficial). Other producers who have mixed the song throughout the years include Junior Vasquez and DJ Chus.
In 1996, "Mixmag" magazine ranked the 1992 single number 33 on their list of the "50 Most Influential Records of All Time". In addition, "Mixmag" (and their readers) ranked "Passion" number 22 on "Mixmag's" list of "100 Best Dance Singles of All Time".
The track, in both its original and various bootleg forms, is still widely played in nightclubs to this day.

</doc>
<doc id="9755436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755436" title="Gallon Drunk">
Gallon Drunk

Gallon Drunk are an English alternative rock band formed in London in 1988. Their sound contains a variety of influences, from punk to blues and jazz, and is noted for its dark subject matter.
Biography.
The band formed in 1988 with an initial lineup of James Johnston (vocals, guitar, keyboards) and Mike Delanian (bass), who by 1990 had recruited Nick Combe (drums).
After debut single "Snakepit" the band signed to the Clawfist label, releasing the "Ruby" single in late 1990 (a cover of the song by New York band The Silver Apples).with Nick Combe on drums and Joe Byfield on maracas. The band released three singles in 1991, one of which ("Some Fool's Mess") was named 'Single of the Week' by the "NME"., by which point Combe had been replaced by Max Decharne. The band's debut album, "You, the Night...and the Music", was released in 1992, with a US release on Rykodisc.
The following year they enjoyed popularity in the wake of their second album, the Mercury Prize-nominated "From The Heart of Town", which saw the band sign to Sire Records and play venues in the U.S., such as the Hollywood Bowl and Madison Square Garden in New York, as a guest of Morrissey. During UK dates for "From The Heart Of Town" saxophonist/keyboard player Terry Edwards joined the band, having played previously as a session player on the album. Following the subsequent European and U.S. tours, both as headline, and also supporting PJ Harvey, drummer Max Décharné left the band (later fronting The Flaming Stars), to be replaced by Ian White in 1993, who remains a member of the band to the present.
The new line-up of the band followed with "The Traitor's Gate E.P." (1995) and in 1996 the acclaimed "In The Long Still Night" (now signed to City Slang). The "To Love Somebody" single, released in March 1997 was the band's last release before dissolving for almost three years.
The band returned in 2000 with the "Blood Is Red" EP, now with Jeremy Cottingham having replaced Mike Delanian on bass. The band's soundtrack Nicholas Triandafyllidis's 1999 film "Black Milk" followed in March. In 2002 they released the album "Fire Music".
Following a hiatus during which Johnston toured and recorded as a full-time member of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Gallon Drunk returned in 2007 with "The Rotten Mile", with Simon Wring taking over of bass, and the remaining core members of Johnston, White and Edwards. A live album, "Live At Klub 007", was released in 2008.
After Simon Wring's death in 2011, the band recorded "The Road Gets Darker From Here" (released in 2012) in Hamburg's leading analogue studio Clouds Hill. The subsequent tours for the album saw Leo Kurunis join the band on bass guitar, with this line-up then returning to Clouds Hill to record "The Soul Of The Hour", due for release in March 2014 on Clouds Hill Recordings.
Side projects.
In 1993, Johnston and Edwards collaborated with writer Derek Raymond on the "Dora Suarez" album and associated multimedia performance at the National Film Theatre the following year, based on Raymond's novel "I Was Dora Suarez".
Founder, frontman and sole consistent member James Johnston has also played in Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, with whom he joined for a Lollapalooza tour in 1994 before serving as a full-time member from 2003—2008, and a member of psychedelic rock band Faust from 2006-2012.
In 1998, Johnstone recorded as J.J. Stone, releasing a single that also featured Edwards and White.
Johnston and White are also currently members of Big Sexy Noise with Lydia Lunch. Johnston, White and Edwards had previously worked with Lunch in live shows.
Musical style.
The band's music combines punk rock, jazz, rockabilly, blues, and R&B. They have often been compared to The Birthday Party. The band's sound was described by Robert Hanks in "The Independent" as "dark, bluesy, grinding noise characterised by dense textures, low, mumbling bass guitar and keyboards, and liberal applications of whammy bar to the electric guitar, the whole thing oddly underpinned by maracas".

</doc>
<doc id="9755442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755442" title="Giselle (disambiguation)">
Giselle (disambiguation)

Giselle may refer to:
Gisele.
Refer to Gisele

</doc>
<doc id="9755454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755454" title="Glenn Cameron">
Glenn Cameron

Glenn Scott Cameron (born February 21, 1953) is a former American college and professional football player who was a linebacker in the National Football League (NFL) for eleven seasons during the 1970s and 1980s. Cameron played college football for the University of Florida, and thereafter, he played professionally for the Cincinnati Bengals of the NFL.
Early life.
Cameron was born in Miami, Florida in 1953. He attended Coral Gables High School in Coral Gables, Florida, and he was a star high school football player for the Coral Gables Cavaliers.
College career.
Cameron received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he played linebacker for coach Doug Dickey's Florida Gators football team from 1971 to 1974. Cameron was a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection and an Associated Press third-team All-American in 1974.
Cameron graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in management in 1976, and returned to earn a law degree in 1987. He was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Gator Great" in 1984. The sportswriters of "The Gainesville Sun" ranked him as one of the 100 greatest Gators (No. 43) of the first century of Florida football in 2006.
Professional career.
Cameron was chosen by the Cincinnati Bengals in the first round (fourteenth pick overall) of the 1975 NFL Draft, and he spent his entire eleven-year NFL career with the Bengals, playing from to . He was a member of the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Bengals team that played in Super Bowl XVI in . During his eleven-season career with the Bengals, he played in 159 games, started in eighty-four of them, intercepted five passes, and recovered three fumbles.
Life after the NFL.
Cameron is now a practicing trial lawyer and partner in the law firm of Cameron, Davis & Gonzalez, P.A., in West Palm Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="9755467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755467" title="1728 in Great Britain">
1728 in Great Britain

Events from the year 1728 in Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="9755473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755473" title="Ancient Chinese coinage">
Ancient Chinese coinage

Ancient Chinese coinage includes some of the earliest known coins. These coins, used as early as the Spring and Autumn period (770-476 BC), took the form of imitations of the cowrie shells that were used in ceremonial exchanges. The Spring and Autumn period also saw the introduction of the first metal coins; however, they were not initially round, instead being either knife shaped or spade shaped. Round metal coins with a round, and then later square hole in the center were first introduced around 350 BC. The beginning of the Qin Dynasty (221-206 BC), the first dynasty to unify China, saw the introduction of a standardised coinage for the whole Empire. Subsequent dynasties produced variations on these round coins throughout the imperial period. At first, distribution of the coinage was limited to use around the capital city district but by the beginning of the Han Dynasty, coins were widely used for such as when paying tax, salaries and fines.
Ancient Chinese coins are markedly different from coins produced in the west. Chinese coins were manufactured by being cast in molds, whereas western coins were typically cut and hammered or, in later times, milled. Chinese coins were usually made from mixtures of metals such copper, tin and lead, from bronze, brass or iron: precious metals like gold and silver were uncommonly used. The ratios and purity of the coin metals varied considerably. Most Chinese coins were produced with a square hole in the middle. This was used to allow collections of coins to be threaded on a square rod so that the rough edges could be filed smooth, and then threaded on strings for ease of handling.
Official coin production was not always centralised, but could be spread over many mint locations throughout the country. Aside from officially produced coins, private coining was common during many stages of history. Various steps were taken over time to try to combat the private coining and limit its effects and making it illegal. At other times private coining was tolerated. The coins varied in value throughout the history.
Some coins were produced in very large numbers—during the Western Han an average of 220 million coins a year were produced. Other coins were of limited circulation and are today extremely rare—only six examples of "Da Quan Wu Qian" from the Eastern Wu Dynasty (222–280) are known to exist. Occasionally, large hoards of coins have been uncovered. For example, a hoard was discovered in Jiangsu containing 4,000 "Tai Qing Feng Le" coins and at Zhangpu in Shaanxi, a sealed jar containing 1,000 "Ban Liang" coins of various weights and sizes, was discovered.
Pre-Imperial (770-220 BC).
The earliest coinage of China was described by Sima Qian, the great historian of c. 100 BC:
"With the opening of exchange between farmers, artisans, and merchants, there came into use money of tortoise shells, cowrie shells, gold, coins (), knives (), spades () This has been so from remote antiquity."
While nothing is known about the use of tortoise shells as money, gold and cowries (either real shells or replicas) were used to the south of the Yellow River. Although there is no doubt that the well-known spade and knife money were used as coins, it has not been demonstrated that other items often offered by dealers as coins such as fish, halberds, and metal chimes were also used as coins. They are not found in coin hoards, and the probability is that all these are in fact funerary items. Archaeological evidence shows that the earliest use of the spade and knife money was in the Spring and Autumn period (770-476 BC). As in Ancient Greece, socio-economic conditions at the time were favourable to the adoption of coinage.
Cowries.
Inscriptions and archaeological evidence shows that cowrie shells were regarded as important objects of value in the Shang Dynasty (c. 1766-1154 BC). In the Zhou period, they are frequently referred to as gifts or rewards from kings and nobles to their subjects. Later imitations in bone, stone or bronze were probably used as money in some instances. Some think the first Chinese metallic coins were bronze imitations of cowrie shells
found in a tomb near Anyang dating from around 900 BC, but these items lack inscriptions.
Similar bronze pieces with inscriptions, known as "Ant Nose Money" () or "Ghost Face Money" () were definitely used as money. They have been found in areas to the south of the Yellow River corresponding to the State of Chu in the Warring States period. One hoard was of some 16,000 pieces. Their weight is very variable, and their alloy often contains a high proportion of lead. The name Ant Nose refers to the appearance of the inscriptions, and is nothing to do with keeping ants out of the noses of corpses.
Gold.
The only minted gold of this period known is "Chu Gold Block Money" (), which consists of sheets of gold 3-5mm thick, of various sizes, with inscriptions consisting of square or round stamps in which there are one or two characters. They have been unearthed in various locations south of the Yellow River indicating that they were products of the State of Chu. One of the characters in their inscription is often a monetary unit or weight which is normally read as "yuan" (). Pieces are of a very variable size and thickness, and the stamps appear to be a device to validate the whole block, rather than a guide to enable it to be broken up into unit pieces. Some specimens have been reported in copper, lead, or clay. It is probable that these were funeral money, not circulating coinage, as they are found in tombs, but the gold coins are not.
Jade pieces.
It has been suggested that pieces of jade were a form of money in the Shang Dynasty.
Money brand.
"Metal money brands" () were rarely used in the state of Chu. They were used again in the Song dynasty.
Spade money.
Hollow handled spade money.
"Hollow handled spades" () are a link between weeding tools used for barter and stylised objects used as money. They are clearly too flimsy for use, but retain the hollow socket by which a genuine tool could be attached to a handle. This socket is rectangular in cross-section, and still retains the clay from the casting process. In the socket the hole by which the tool was fixed to its handle is also reproduced.
Flat handled spade money.
These have lost the hollow handle of the early spades. They nearly all have distinct legs, suggesting that their pattern was influenced by the pointed shoulder Hollow Handled Spades, but had been further stylized for easy handling. They are generally smaller, and sometimes have denominations specified in their inscriptions as well as place names. This, together with such little evidence as can be gleaned from the dates of the establishment of some of the mint towns, show that they were a later development. Archaeological evidence dates them to the Warring States period (475-221 BC). Arched Foot spades have an alloy consisting of about 80% copper; for other types the copper content varies between 40% and 70%.
Zhongshan during the 4th century BC.
Knife money.
Knife Money is much the same shape as the actual knives in use during the Zhou period. They appear to have evolved in parallel with the Spade money in the north-east of China.
Early round coins.
The round coin, the precursor of the familiar cash coin, circulated in both the spade and knife money areas in the Zhou period, from around 350 BC. Apart from two small and presumably late coins from the State of Qin, coins from the spade money area have a round hole and refer to the "jin" and "liang" units. Those from the knife money area have a square hole and are denominated in "hua".
Although for discussion purposes the Zhou coins are divided up into categories of knives, spades, and round coins, it is apparent from archaeological finds that most of the various kinds circulated together. A hoard found in 1981, near Hebi in north Henan province, consisted of: 3,537 Gong spades, 3 Anyi Arched Foot spades, 8 Liang "Dang Lie" spades, 18 Liang square foot spades and 1,180 Yuan round coins, all contained in three clay jars. Another example is a find made in Liaoning province in 1984, which consisted of 2,280 Yi Hua round coins, 14 spade coins, and 120 Ming knives. In 1960 in Shandong, 2 Yi Hua round coins were found with 600 Qi round coins and 59 Qi knives. At Luoyang a find was made in 1976 of 116 Flat handled Spades of various types (Xiangyuan, Lin, Nie, Pingyang, Yu, Anyang, and Gong), 46 Anzang round coins, 1 Yuan round coin, and small/sloping shoulder spades from Sanchuan, Wu, Anzang, Dong Zhou, Feng, and Anzhou.
Ban Liang coins.
The Ban Liang coins take their name from their two character inscription "ban liang "(), which means half a "liang". The "liang", the Chinese ounce, consisted of 24 "zhu "(), and was the equivalent of about 16 grams. Thus the original Ban Liang weighed the equivalent of 12 "zhu" - 8 grams; however, it kept this inscription even when its weight was later reduced. This means that Ban Liangs are found in a great variety of sizes and calligraphic styles, all with the same inscription, which are difficult to classify and to date exactly, especially those of unofficial or local manufacture.
These coins were traditionally associated with Qin Shi Huang Di, the first Chinese Emperor, who united China in 221 BC. The History of Han says: “When Qin united the world, it made two sorts of currency: that of yellow gold, which was called "yi" and was the currency of the higher class; and that of bronze, which was similar in quality to the coins of Zhou, but bore an inscription saying Half Ounce, and was equal in weight to its inscription.”
Archaeological evidence now shows that the Ban Liang was first issued in the Warring States period by the State of Qin, possibly as early as 378 BC. A remarkable find was some bamboo tablets amongst which were found regulations (drawn up before 242 BC) concerning metal and cloth money. A thousand coins, good and bad mixed, were to be placed in "pen" (baskets or jars) and sealed with the Seal of the Director. At Zhangpu in Shaanxi, just such a sealed jar, containing 1,000 Ban Liang of various weights and sizes, was discovered. 7 Ban Liang were found in a tomb datable to 306 BC.
At the beginning of the Western Han Dynasty, c. 200 BC, the people were allowed to cast small light coins known as "yu jia" (), “elm seed” coins, as the heavy Qin coins were inconvenient. In 186 BC, the official coin weight was reduced to 8 "zhu", and in 182 BC, a "wu fen" () (5 parts) coin was issued – this is taken to be 5 parts of a Ban Liang, i.e. 2.4 "zhu". In 175 BC, the weight was set at 4 "zhu". Private minting was permitted again, but with strict regulation of the weight and alloy. In 119 BC, the Ban Liang was replaced by the San Zhu, and then the Wu Zhu coin.
Western Han and the "Wu Zhu" coins.
By this time, a full monetary economy had developed. Taxes, salaries, and fines were all paid in coins. An average of 220 million coins a year were produced. According to the History of Han, the Western Han was a wealthy period:
“The granaries in the cities and the countryside were full and the government treasuries were running over with wealth. In the capital the strings of cash had been stacked up by the hundreds of millions until the cords that bound them had rotted away and they could no longer be counted.”
On average, millet cost 75 cash and polished rice 140 cash a hectolitre, a horse 4,400-4,500 cash. A labourer could be hired for 150 cash a month; a merchant could earn 2,000 cash a month.
Apart from the Ban Liang coins described previously, there were two other coins of the Western Han whose inscription denoted their weight:
“Elm seeds countless press in sheets, 
Lord Shen’s green cash line town streets.”
Apparently this means that Lord Shen’s cash were small and light.
Wang Mang.
Wang Mang was a nephew of the Dowager Empress Wang, In AD 9, he usurped the throne, and founded the Xin Dynasty. He introduced a number of currency reforms which met with varying degrees of success. The first reform, in AD 7, retained the Wu Zhu coin, but reintroduced two versions of the knife money:
Between AD 9 and 10 he introduced an impossibly complex system involving tortoise shell, cowries, gold, silver, six round copper coins, and a reintroduction of the spade money in ten denominations.
The Six Coins. AD 9-14.
The Ten Spades. AD 10-14.
According to the History of Han:
The people became bewildered and confused, and these coins did not circulate. They secretly used Wu Zhu coins for their purchases. Wang Mang was very concerned at this and issued the following decree:
“Those who dare to oppose the court system and those who dare to use Wu Zhus surreptitiously to deceive the people and equally the spirits will all be exiled to the Four Frontiers and be at the mercy of devils and demons.”
The result of this was that trade and agriculture languished, and food became scarce. People went about crying in the markets and the highways, the numbers of sufferers being untold.
In AD 14, all these tokens were abolished, and replaced by another type of spade coin and new round coins.
According to Schjöth, Wang Mang wished to displace the Wu Zhu currency of the Western Han, owing, it is said, to his prejudice to the " jin" () radical in the character "zhu" () of this inscription, which was a component part of the character Liu, the family name of the rulers of the House of Han, whose descendant Wang Mang had just dethroned. And so he introduced the "Huo Quan" currency. One of the reasons, again, that this coin circulated for several years into the succeeding dynasty was, so the chroniclers say, the fact that the character "quan" () in the inscription consisted of the two component parts "bai" () and "shui" (), which happened to be the name of the village, Bai Shui in Henan, in which the Emperor Guang Wu, who founded the Eastern Han, was born. This circumstance lent a charm to this coin and prolonged its time of circulation. The Huo Quan did indeed continue to be minted after the death of Wang Mang – a mould dated AD 40 is known.
Bu Quan () was known later as the "Nan Qian" (), from the belief that if a woman wore this on her sash, she would give birth to a boy. Eventually, Wang Mang's unsuccessful reforms provoked an uprising, and he was killed by rebels in AD 23.
The Three Kingdoms.
In 220, the Han Dynasty came to an end, and was followed by a long period of disunity and civil war, beginning with the Three Kingdoms period, which developed from the divisions within the Han Dynasty. These three states were Cao Wei in northern China, Shu Han to the west, and Eastern Wu in the east. The period was the golden age of chivalry in Chinese history, as described in the historical novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms". The coinage reflected the unsettled times, with small and token coins predominating.
Cao Wei (222-265).
This state only issued Wu Zhu coins.
Shu Han (221-265).
The coins issued by this state were:
In the 1860s, a jar of small “goose eye” coins was dug up in Chengdu in Sichuan. It contained Tai Ping Bai Qian, Ding Ping Yi Bai, Zhi Bai, and Zhi Yi coins. This reinforces the supposition that all these coins are near contemporaries, issued by Shu Han.
Eastern Wu (222-280).
According to the records, in 236 Sun Quan, ruler of Wu, cast the Da Quan Wu Bai, and in 238 the Da Quan Dang Qian coins. The people were called upon to hand over the copper in their possession and receive back cash, and thus illicit coining was discouraged. These are coarse coins, cast in the capital Nanking or in Hubei. In 2000, clay moulds and other casting materials for Da Quan Wu Bai coins were discovered in the Western Lake, Hangzhou.
The Jin Dynasty and the 16 Kingdoms.
Sima Yan founded the Jin Dynasty in AD 265, and after the defeat of Eastern Wu in 280, China was reunified for a while. At first the dynasty was known as the Western Jin with Luo-yang as its capital; from 317, it ruled as the Eastern Jin from Nanking. The historical records do not mention the specific casting of coins during the Jin Dynasty. In the south, reductions in the weights of coins caused great price fluctuations, and cloth and grain were used as substitutes for coins. In the north, numerous independent kingdoms (The Sixteen Kingdoms) issued some interesting coins.
Former Liang Kingdom (301-76).
Liang Zao Xin Quan () is attributed to King Zhang Gui (317-376), who ruled in the north-western area.
Later Zhao Kingdom (319-52).
Feng Huo () has text that uses Seal Script. There is no rim. They were cast by Emperor Shi Le in 319 at Xiangguo (now Xingtai in Hebei) with a weight of 4 "zhu". They are known as the Cash of Riches - keeping the coin about one was said to bring great wealth. However the historical record states that the people were displeased, and that in the end the coin did not circulate.
Cheng Han Kingdom (303-47).
Han Xing () as an inscription either right and left or above and below. In 337, Li Shou of Sichuan adopted the period title of Han Xing. This is the first recorded use of a period title on a coin. The period ended in 343.
Xia Kingdom (407-31).
Tai Xia Zhen Xing () counterwise. These were issued during the Zhenxing period (419-24) by Helian Bobo, probably at Xi’an.
The North and South Dynasties (420-581).
The North and South Dynasties era was another long period of disunity and strife. The north and south of China were each ruled by two separate successions of dynasties. During this period, coin inscriptions other than (nominal) weights, such as names or year titles, were introduced, although the Wu Zhu coin was still issued. Seal script remained the norm for inscriptions and some coins of highly regarded calligraphy were produced. However, the general coinage was of a very poor quality. In 465, permission was granted for the people to mint coins. A thousand of these “goose eye” coins which resulted made a pile less than three inches (76 mm) high. There were others, still worse, called “Fringe Rim” coins, which would not sink in water and would break in one’s hand. In the market, people would not bother counting them, but would pick them up by the handful. A peck of rice sold for 10,000 of these. Reforms by Emperor Ming from 465 onwards, had only a limited success in improving the quality of the coinage.
Southern Dynasties.
Song (420-79).
The last three small coins, weighing only 2 "zhu", were all issued by Emperor Fei in 465. As the Jinghe and Yongguang periods only lasted for a few months, these coins are very rare. The Song capital was at Nanking.
Liang (502-556).
Tai Qing Feng Le () are attributed to the Tai Qing period (547-549) of Emperor Wu. A hoard was discovered in Jiangsu containing 4,000 Tai Qing Feng Le coins with various other sorts of coins showing that this is not an amulet as had been claimed by some authorities.
Chen (557-89).
Tai Huo Liu Zhu () were issued by Emperor Xuan in 579. At first the coin was equivalent to ten Wu Zhus. Later the value was changed to one, and the contemporary saying “They cried before the Emperor, their arms akimbo” is said to refer to the discontent among the people caused by this. The seal character for "liu" suggests the “arms akimbo” posture. The coin was withdrawn in 582 when the Emperor died, and Wu Zhus were adopted. The Chen capital was Nanking.
Northern Dynasties.
Northern Qi (550-77).
Chang Ping Wu Zhu () were cast by Emperor Wen Xuan in 553. They are finely made. The Northern Qi capital was Linzhang in Hebei. Under the Northern Qi, there was an Eastern and a Western Coinage Region, under the Chamberlain for Palace Revenues. Each Regional Director supervised 3 or 4 Local Services.
The Sui Dynasty.
China was reunified under the Sui Dynasty (581-618). Under this short-lived dynasty, many reforms were initiated that led to the subsequent success of the Tang dynasty. The only coin associated with the Sui is a Wu Zhu coin. Additional mints were set up in various prefectures, typically with five furnaces each. Cash was frequently checked for quality by the officials. However, after 605, private coining again caused a deterioration of the coinage.
The Tang Dynasty.
Tang issues.
Kai Yuan Tong Bao () were the main coin issued by the Tang. It was cast for most of the dynasty, a period of nearly 300 years. It was first issued by the Emperor Gao Zu in the autumn of the 4th year of the Wu De period (August 621). Its diameter was to be 8 "fen". The weight was set at 2.4 "zhu", ten to the "liang". 1,000 coins weighed 6 "jin" 4 "liang." The legend was written by the famous calligrapher Ouyang Xun in a much admired mixture of the "Bafen" and "Li" (official or clerkly) styles of writing. This is the first to include the phrase tong bao, used on many subsequent coins. The inscription was used by other regimes in later periods; such coins can be distinguished from Tang coins by their workmanship. Minting and copper extraction were centrally controlled, and private casting was punishable by death. For the first time we find regulations giving the prescribed coinage alloy: 83% copper, 15% lead, and 2% tin. Previously the percentages used seem to have been on an ad hoc basis. Actual analyses show rather less copper than this.
A crescent-shaped mark is often found on the reverse of Kai Yuans. The legend is that the Empress Wende inadvertently stuck one of her fingernails in a wax model of the coin when it was first presented to her, and the resulting mark was reverentially retained. Other imperial ladies have also been proposed as the source of these nail marks, especially the Imperial Consort Yang. Peng explores the possibility of a foreign source for them. More prosaically, they appear to be a control system operated by the mint workers.
At first, mints were set up in Luoyang in Henan, and also in Peking, Chengdu, Bingzhou (Taiyuan in Shanxi), and then Guilin in Guangxi. Minting rights were also granted to some princes and officials. By 660, deterioration of the coinage due to forgery had become a problem. The regulations were reaffirmed in 718, and forgeries suppressed. In 737, the first commissioner with overall responsibility for casting was appointed. In 739, ten mints were recorded, with a total of 89 furnaces casting some 327,000 strings of cash a year. 123 "liang" of metal were needed to produce a string of coins weighing 100 "liang". In the late 740s, skilled artisans were employed for casting, rather than conscripted peasants. Despite these measures, the coinage continued to deteriorate. In 808, a ban on hoarding coins was proclaimed. This was repeated in 817. Regardless of the rank of a person, they could not hold more than 5,000 strings of cash. Cash balances exceeding this amount had to be expended within two months to purchase goods. This was an attempt to compensate for the lack of cash in circulation. By 834, mint output had fallen to 100,000 strings a year, mainly due to the shortage of copper. Forgeries using lead and tin alloys were produced.
In 845, in the Huichang period, the Emperor Wu Zong, a fervent follower of Taoism, destroyed the Buddhist monasteries and used the copper bells, gongs, incense burners and statues to cast coins in various localities. These local mints were under the control of the provincial governors. The New Tang History states that Li Shen, governor of Huainan province, requested that the empire might cast coins bearing the name of the prefecture in which they were cast, and this was agreed. These coins with mint names on the reverses, known as Huichang Kai Yuans, are of poor workmanship and size compared with the early Kai Yuans. However, when Emperor Xuanzong ascended to the throne the next year, this policy was reversed, and the new coins were recast to make Buddhist statues.
Archaeological discoveries have assisted numismatists in dating various varieties of the Kai Yuan more closely.
Other Tang dynasty coins are:
Xinjiang issues.
Judging by their find spots, these coin were cast by the local government in the Kuche area of Xinjiang in around 760-780.
Tang rebels.
In 755, a revolt started in the north-west of China. The capital, Luoyang, was taken, and the Emperor fled to Sichuan. One of the rebels, Shi Siming, issued coins at Luoyang from 758. Shi was killed in 761, and the revolt was eventually suppressed in 763 with the help of foreign troops.
The Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms.
After the collapse of the Tang in 907, another period of disunity ensued known as the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period. Five officially recognised dynasties ruled consecutively in the north (with capitals at Kaifeng or Luoyang in Henan), while ten different kingdoms held sway at different times in the south. A shortage of copper made it difficult to produce an adequate supply of coins. In 955, an Edict banned the holding of bronze utensils:
“From now on, except for court objects, weapons, official objects and mirrors, and cymbals, bells and chimes in temples and monasteries, all other bronze utensils are banned... Those who hoard more than 5 jin, no matter how much the amount, will be executed. Those who abetted them will be exiled for two years, followed by labour service for one year. Those around them will suffer 100 strokes of the cane. Informers will be rewarded with 30 strings of cash.”
The south enjoyed somewhat better political and economic conditions, and saw an advance in trade. A great variety of coinage, including large and base metal coins, was issued in this area.
The Five Dynasties.
Later Liang (907-23).
Kai Ping tong bao () and also a Kai Ping yuan bao coins could have been issued by Zhu Wen when he overthrew the Tang in 907. However, only a few specimens of each coin are known, and one of each is shown in China National Museum and China History Museum. Some authorities doubt their authenticity.
Later Tang (923-36).
Tian Cheng yuan bao () were issued by Emperor Ming in the Tiancheng period (926-29).
Later Jin (936-47).
Tian Fu yuan bao () were issued by Emperor Gao Zong in the Tianfu period from 938. From 939, private casting was permitted for a few months, resulting in coins of adulterated alloy.
Later Han (948-51).
Han Yuan tong bao () coin's pattern is based on the Kai Yuan. In 948, during the reign of Emperor Gao Zu, the President of the Department of Imperial Feasts requested permission to set up a mint in the capital (Kaifeng, Henan). There is no specific record of casting Han Yuans.
Later Zhou (951-60).
Zhou Yuan tong bao () coins were issued by Emperor Chai RongShi Zong from 955. The pattern is also based on the Kai Yuan coin. They were cast from melted-down bronze statues from Buddhist temples. When reproached for this, the Emperor uttered a cryptic remark to the effect that the Buddha would not mind this sacrifice. It is said that the Emperor himself supervised the casting at the many large furnaces at the back of the palace. The coins have amuletic properties because they were made from Buddhist statues, and are particularly effective in midwifery – hence the many later-made imitations.
The Ten Kingdoms.
Former Shu Kingdom (907-25).
Issued by Wang Jian (907-18).
Issued by Wang Yan, son of Wang Jian (919-25).
The coins of the Wang family were often of a very poor quality. Wang Jian began his career as a village thief; he enlisted as a soldier, rose through the ranks, and by 901 was virtually an independent ruler, with his capital at Chengdu in Sichuan. His regime provided a peaceful haven for artists and poets.
Kingdom Of Min (909-45).
Issued by Wang Shenzhi:
In 916, Wang Shenzhi, King of Min, minted a small lead Kai Yuan coin in Ninghua County of Dingzhou Prefecture in Fujian Province, where deposits of lead had been discovered. The lead coins circulated together with copper coins.
Issued by Wang Yanxi:
Issued by Wang Yanzheng:
Kingdom Of Chu (907-51).
Supreme Commander Ma Yin:
Southern Tang Kingdom (937-75).
Emperor Yuan Zong (Li Jing) (943-61):
Emperor Li Yu (961-978):
Distinguished from Tang period "Kai Yuan" by the broader rims, and the characters being in less deep relief.
In the second year of Qiande (961), Li Yu ascended the throne, and the resources of the country being exhausted, his minister Han Xizai obtained permission to cast coins. These were on the "Kai Yuan" model, but in seal writing devised by the scholar Xu Xuan. This coin was slightly larger than the old Kai Yuans, and had broader rims, and was found convenient by both the government and the people.
Southern Han Kingdom (905-71).
Emperor Lie Zu (Liu Yan) (917-42):
In 917, Liu Yan proclaimed himself Emperor of a dynasty at first called the Great Yue, then the Han, and set up his capital at Canton, which he renamed Xingwangfu.
Crude Lead Coins.
Attributed to the Southern Han/Chu area (900-971):
There is a very great variety of such coins; some have crescents on the reverse. The "Kai" character sometimes looks like "yong" (). Characters and legends often reversed because the incompetent workmen had not mastered the art of engraving in negative to make the moulds. Some specimens have meaningless characters.
Wu Wu, Wu Wu Wu, Wu Wu Wu Wu, Wu Zhu, and Kai Yuan Wu Wu'" coins are typical of the hybrid inscriptions formed by combinations of inappropriate characters. They also have series numbers on the reverse.
In 924 it was reported: In the shops and the markets, control of silk and money has resulted in the circulation of small lead coins which we readily find in great quantities; they all come from south of the river whence the merchants transport them here surreptitiously. In 929, the Chu authorities fixed the value of a lead coin as 1/100 of a bronze coin. In 962 it was decreed that the lead coins should circulate in towns, and copper coins outside of them. Those contravening this risked the death penalty.
Nearly all the coin hoards of this period are of lead coins found in towns, e.g. the Guangfu Road, Guangzhou hoard of 2,000 coins. It is clear that most of these coins were made unofficially by the merchants or the people.
Recently a whole lot of inventions, purporting to belong to this series, have come on the market.
You Zhou Autonomous Region (900-14).
From 822, the You Zhou (within modern Hebei) area enjoyed virtual independence from the rest of the empire. At the end of the ninth century the Regional Commandant of You Zhou was Liu Rengong, succeeded by his son Liu Shouguang from 911. The histories say that Liu Rengong minted iron coins. He is also said to have ordered his subordinates to collect up all [old?] bronze coins and bring them to Da An mountain where he buried them in a cave. When they had all been hidden away, he killed the workmen and covered over the entrance. The coins below have been found together in the north of China. Opinion on their attribution is divided. Although "Yong An" was a Xia dynasty period title, these coins appear to be the result of unregulated minting, which seems appropriate for the regime of the Liu family.
The above are found in bronze and iron.
These poorly made coins are imitations of coins of previous regimes and are attributed to the You Zhou.
The Northern Song Dynasty.
With so much official coinage available, private coining was generally not a serious problem. Song coins were used over much of Asia, especially in Korea, Japan, 
Annam, and Indonesia. Hoards of Song coins are often found in these countries.
A wide variety of ordinary cash coin types was produced. The inscription was nearly always changed when the period title was changed. Seal, "li", regular, running, and "grass" styles of writing were all used at various times. Many inscriptions were written by the ruling Emperor, which has resulted in some of the most admired and analysed calligraphy to be found on cash coins. In addition, inscriptions could use "yuan bao" () or "tong bao" (), increasing the number of variations possible. Large coins which used "zhong bao" () were also issued in a variety of sizes and nominal denominations, usually devalued soon after issue.
A feature of Northern Song coinage is the sets of "dui qian" (). This means the simultaneous use of two or three different calligraphic styles on coins of the same period title which are otherwise identical in size of hole, width of rim, thickness, size and position of the characters and alloy. One can assume that these congruences arose from the workmanship of the different mints, but no attributions have yet been proposed.
From the beginning of the dynasty, iron coins were extensively used in present day Sichuan and Shaanxi where copper was not readily available. Between 976 and 984, a total of 100,000 strings of iron coins was produced in Fujian as well.
In 993, for paying the land tax one iron coin was equal to one bronze, for the salary of clerks and soldiers one bronze equalled five iron coins, but in trade ten iron coins were needed for one bronze coin. In 1005, four mints in Sichuan produced over 500,000 strings of iron coins a year. This declined to 210,000 strings by the beginning of the Qingli period (1041). At this time, the mints were ordered to cast 3 million strings of iron cash to meet military expenses in Shaanxi. However, by 1056, casting was down to 100,000 strings a year, and in 1059 minting was halted for 10 years in Jiazhou and Qiongzhou, leaving only Xingzhou producing 30,000 strings a year.
During the Xining period (from 1068), minting was increased, and by the Yuanfeng period (from 1078) it was reported that there were nine iron coin mints, three in Sichuan and six in Shaanxi, producing over a million strings a year. Thereafter, output declined gradually.
Emperor Tai Zong (976-97).
No coins were issued with the Yong Xi and Duan Gong period titles (984-89).
Emperor Zhen Zong (998-1022).
No coins were produced with the "Qian Xing" period title, which only lasted one year, 1022.
Emperor Ren Zong (1022-63).
The histories say that the Huang Song coin was cast in Baoyuan 2 – 1039. As it is rather common, and there are no bronze small cash from the next three periods, it appears to have been issued for longer than one year.
The Qing Li large bronze coins, intended to be worth 10 cash, were cast in Jiangnan to fund the war with the Western Xia. Iron coins were cast in Shanxi and other prefectures. The large coins caused prices to leap up and both public and private interests suffered. In 1048, the large iron coins were devalued to 3 iron cash.

</doc>
<doc id="9755474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755474" title="Ministry of the Interior (Afghanistan)">
Ministry of the Interior (Afghanistan)

The Ministry of Interior () is headquartered in Kabul, Afghanistan, and is responsible for law enforcement in Afghanistan. It maintains the Afghan National Police, Afghan Special Narcotics Force, Counter Narcotics Police of Afghanistan, and the Afghan Public Protection Force.
List of ministers.
The Minister is also the Cabinet member responsible for the administration of Afghanistan's Provinces.
During the Taliban's administration.
Mohammad Khaksar a former Taliban deputy Minister of the Interior is notable because he is reported to have been spying on the Taliban.
Khaksar was assassinated on January 14, 2006 by Taliban gunmen.
Abdul Samad Khaksar is another former Taliban Interior Minister who has renounced the Taliban.
Joint Task Force Guantanamo counter-terrorism analysts described Khirullah Khairkhwa as a former Taliban Minister of the Interior.
However, during his second annual Administrative Review Board hearing Khirullah Khairkhwa disputed this allegation.

</doc>
<doc id="9755475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755475" title="Film Collection">
Film Collection

Film Collection is an annual screening event in New York City and around the world; a showcase for new independent films by emerging filmmakers; and a significant initiative to raise awareness and funds for non-profit organizations.
Founded by filmmaker Topaz Adizes in March 2006, the events take place at the IFC Center. According to Adizes, "our mission is to build a worldwide audience that empowers themselves to impact their communities. We believe that by telling stories, we are creating greater understanding of the world we live in and reminding ourselves of our shared humanity."
The first Film Collection raised funds and awareness for the Daniel Pearl Foundation, .[http://danielpearl.org, created in memory of journalist Daniel Pearl to further the ideals that inspired Daniel's life and work. The foundation's mission is to promote cross-cultural understanding through journalism, music, and innovative communications. The event was preceded by a talk by Daniel's widow, Mariane. The 2007 Film Collection raised money for Seeds of Peace, whose stated aim is "to empower young leaders from regions of conflict with the leadership skills required to advance reconciliation and coexistence". [http://www.seedsofpeace.org]
Film Collection is slated to hold future screenings in Amman, Jordan and Havana, Cuba.
The films showcased at Film Collection have gone on to win numerous awards at domestic and international film festivals. "Unsettled", a film by Adam Hootnick about the Israeli withdrawals from the Gaza Strip, earned best documentary at the Slamdance film festival. "Autumn's Eyes", directed by Gabriel Noble and Paola Mendoza, about a New York three-year old separated from her incarcerated mother, won best editing at the Woodstock Film Festival. [http://2006.sxsw.com/film/screenings/film/F5401.html [http://www.indiewire.com/ots/2006/10/woodstock_offer.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9755479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755479" title="Apolipoprotein A1">
Apolipoprotein A1

Apolipoprotein A-I is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "APOA1" gene. It has a specific role in lipid metabolism.
Apolipoprotein A-I is the major protein component of high density lipoprotein (HDL) in plasma. Chylomicrons secreted from the intestinal enterocyte also contain apo A-I, but it is quickly transferred to HDL in the bloodstream. The protein promotes fat efflux, including cholesterol, from tissues to the liver for excretion. It is a cofactor for lecithin cholesterolacyltransferase (LCAT) which is responsible for the formation of most plasma cholesteryl esters. Apo A-I was also isolated as a prostacyclin (PGI2) stabilizing factor, and thus may have an anticlotting effect. Defects in the gene encoding it are associated with HDL deficiencies, including Tangier disease, and with systemic non-neuropathic amyloidosis.
It has an approximate molecular weight of 28.1 kDa.
Activity associated with high HDL-C and protection from heart disease.
As a major component of the high-density lipoprotein complex (protective "fat removal" particles), apo A-I helps to clear fats, including cholesterol, from white blood cells within artery walls, making the WBCs less likely to become fat overloaded, transform into foam cells, die and contribute to progressive atheroma. Five of nine men found to carry a mutation (E164X) who were at least 35 years of age had developed premature coronary artery disease. One of four mutants of apo A-I is present in roughly 0.3% of the Japanese population, but is found 6% of those with low HDL cholesterol levels.
ApoA-1 Milano is a naturally occurring mutant of apo A-I, found in a few families in Limone sul Garda, Italy, and, by genetic + church record family tree detective work, traced to a single individual in the 14th century. Described in 1980, it was the first known molecular abnormality of apolipoproteins. Paradoxically, carriers of this mutation have very low HDL-C (HDL-Cholesterol) levels, but no increase in the risk of heart disease, often living to age 100 or older. This unusual observation was what lead Italian investigators to track down what was going on and lead to the discovery of apo A-I Milano (the city, Milano, ~160 KM away, in which the researcher's lab was located). Biochemically, apo A-I contains an extra cysteine bridge, causing it to exist as a homodimer or as a heterodimer with apo A-II. However, the enhanced cardioprotective activity of this mutant (which likely depends on fat & cholesterol efflux) cannot easily be replicated by other cysteine mutants.
Recombinant apo A-I Milano dimers formulated into liposomes can reduce atheromas in animal models by up to 30%. Apo A-I Milano has also been shown in small clinical trials to have a statistically significant effect in reducing (reversing) plaque build-up on arterial walls.
In human trials the reversal of plaque build-up was measured over the course of five weeks.
Novel Haplotypes within apolipoprotein AI-CIII-AIV gene cluster.
Lately, two novel susceptibility haplotypes i.e. P2-S2-X1 and P1-S2-X1 have been discovered in ApoAI-CIII-AIV gene cluster on chromosome 11q23, which confer approximately threefold higher risk of coronary heart disease in normal as well as in the patients having non-insulin diabetes mellitus.
Role in other diseases.
A G/A polymorphism in the promoter of the apo A-I gene has been associated with the age at which patients presented with Alzheimer disease. Protection from Alzheimer's disease by apo A-I may rely on a synergistic interaction with alpha-tocopherol.
Amyloid deposited in the knee following surgery consists largely of apo A-I secreted from chondrocytes (cartilage cells). A wide variety of amyloidosis symptoms are associated with rare Apo A-I mutants.
Apo A-I binds to lipopolysaccharide or endotoxin, and has a major role in the anti-endotoxin function of HDL.
In one study, a decrease in apo A-I levels was detected in schizophrenia patients' CSF, brain and peripheral tissues.
Epistatic impact of apo A-I.
Apolipoprotein A-I and APOE interact epistatically to modulate triglyceride levels in coronary heart disease patients. Individually, neither apo A-I nor apo E was found to be associated with triglyceride (TG) levels however, pairwise epistasis (additive x additive model) explored their significant synergistic contributions with raised TG levels (P<0.01).
Factors affecting apo A-I activity.
Apo A-I production is decreased by calcitriol, and increased by a drug that antagonizes it.
Exercise or statin treatment may cause an increase in HDL-C levels by inducing apo A-I production, but this depends on the G/A promoter polymorphism.
Potential binding partners.
Apolipoprotein A-I binding precursor, a relative of APOA-1 abbreviated APOA1BP, has a predicted biochemical interaction with Carbohydrate Kinase Domain Containing Protein. The relationship between these two proteins is substantiated by cooccurance across genomes and coexpression. The ortholog of CARKD in "E. coli" contains a domain not present in any eukaryotic ortholog. This domain has a high sequence identity to APOA1BP. CARKD is a protein of unknown function, and the biochemical basis for this interaction is unknown.
Interactions.
Apolipoprotein A-I has been shown to interact with:

</doc>
<doc id="9755483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755483" title="Apolipoprotein A2">
Apolipoprotein A2

Apolipoprotein A-II is an apolipoprotein found in high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol in plasma. 
It has an approximate molecular weight 17.4 kDa.

</doc>
<doc id="9755485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755485" title="Joey's Seafood Restaurants">
Joey's Seafood Restaurants

Joey's Seafood Restaurants (formerly Joey's Only) is a seafood restaurant chain in Canada.
The chain was started in Calgary, Alberta, Canada in 1985 by Joe Klassen. Franchising began in 1992 and has expanded to over 100 franchise locations in North America. Joey's Restaurants has been cooking their food with Trans Fat free oil since 2005. Joey's Restaurants is the largest seafood restaurant chain in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="9755486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755486" title="Tomb Blaster">
Tomb Blaster

Tomb Blaster is a dark ride that opened in 2002 at Chessington World of Adventures Resort in London. Riders travel in trains through a series of crypts, shooting laser guns at targets for high scores. As of October 2013, the ride continues to operate.
History.
"Tomb Blaster" is a dark ride in the Forbidden Kingdom area of Chessington World of Adventures Resort. It originally opened as "The Fifth Dimension", a dark ride based on a story of a TV repair robot that operated from 1987 to 1993. It was manufactured by Mack Rides.
The area was rethemed as the Forbidden Kingdom in 1994, and the ride became "Terror Tomb", a horror ride in the dark. "Terror Tomb" (aka "Forbidden Tomb") told the story of a tomb robber named Abdab and the dangers he encountered trying to steal a gem from the tomb. It opened in 1994 and closed in 2001.
In 2002 "Tomb Blaster" launched in the same location as the old terror tomb ride. In the dark ride riders shoot laser guns at targets.
Description.
Anyone under 1.1 meters must be accompanied by an adult.
Riders sit in "utility vehicles" and travel through a tomb, shooting mummies and monsters with laser guns, and competing for top scores. Among the scenes are a crypt, a revolving tunnel, and snake pits. Many of the original set pieces from "Terror Tomb" remain in the "Tomb Blaster" ride with the exclusion of the Abdab animatronics, some of which can be found within the queue line of the roller coaster "Vampire" as decoration.

</doc>
<doc id="9755487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755487" title="Apolipoprotein C3">
Apolipoprotein C3

Apolipoprotein C-III also known as apo-CIII is a protein that in humans is encoded by the APOC3 gene. Apo-CIII is a component of very low density lipoprotein (VLDL).
Structure.
ApoCIII is a relatively small protein containing 79 amino acids that can be glycosylated at threonine-74. The most abundant glycoforms are characterized by an O-linked disaccharide galactose linked to N-acetylgalactosamine (Gal- GalNAc), further modified with up to 2 sialic acid residues. Less abundant glycoforms are characterized by more complex and fucosylated glycan moieties.
Function.
APOC3 inhibits lipoprotein lipase and hepatic lipase; it is thought to inhibit hepatic uptake of triglyceride-rich particles. The APOA1, APOC3 and APOA4 genes are closely linked in both rat and human genomes. The A-I and A-IV genes are transcribed from the same strand, while the A-1 and C-III genes are convergently transcribed. An increase in apoC-III levels induces the development of hypertriglyceridemia.
Recent evidences suggest an intracellular role for Apo-CIII in promoting the assembly and secretion of triglyceride-rich VLDL particles from hepatic cells under lipid-rich conditions. However, two naturally occurring point mutations in human apoC3 coding sequence, namely Ala23Thr and Lys58Glu have been shown to abolish the intracellular assembly and secretion of triglyceride-rich VLDL particles from hepatic cells. 
Clinical significance.
Two novel susceptibility haplotypes (specifically, P2-S2-X1 and P1-S2-X1) have been discovered in ApoAI-CIII-AIV gene cluster on chromosome 11q23; these confer approximately threefold higher risk of coronary heart disease in normal as well as non-insulin diabetes mellitus.Apo-CIII delays the catabolism of triglyceride rich particles. Elevations of Apo-CIII found in genetic variation studies may predispose patients to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. 
See also.
Apolipoprotein CIII is also on HDL partilcles.

</doc>
<doc id="9755489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755489" title="Apolipoprotein C4">
Apolipoprotein C4

Apolipoprotein C-IV, also known as apolipoprotein C4, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "APOC4" gene.
Function.
Apolipoprotein (apo)C4 gene is a member of the apolipoprotein C gene family. It is expressed in the liver and has a predicted protein structure characteristic of the other genes in this family. Apo C4 is a 3.3-kb gene consisting of 3 exons and 2 introns; it is located 0.5 kb 5' to the APOC2 gene.

</doc>
<doc id="9755490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755490" title="Apolipoprotein D">
Apolipoprotein D

Apolipoprotein D is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "APOD" gene. Unlike other lipoproteins, which are mainly produced in the liver, apolipoprotein D is mainly produced in the brain and testes.
Function.
Apolipoprotein D (Apo-D) is a component of high-density lipoprotein that has no marked similarity to other apolipoprotein sequences. It has a high degree of homology to plasma retinol-binding protein and other members of the alpha 2 microglobulin protein superfamily of carrier proteins, also known as lipocalins. It is a glycoprotein of estimated molecular weight 33 KDa. Apo-D is closely associated with the enzyme lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase - an enzyme involved in lipoprotein metabolism.
Clinical significance.
APOD is a biomarker of androgen insensitivity syndrome (AIS). APOD is an androgen up-regulated gene in normal scrotal fibroblast cells in comparison to CAIS labia majora cells. 
APOD is associated with neurological disorders and nerve injury, especially related to myelin sheath. APOD was shown to be elevated in a rat model of stroke. APOD is elevated in patients with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="9755493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755493" title="Apolipoprotein H">
Apolipoprotein H

Apolipoprotein H (Apo-H), previously known as (β2-glycoprotein I, beta-2 glycoprotein I), is a multifunctional apolipoprotein. One of its functions is to bind cardiolipin. When bound the structure of cardiolipin and Apo-H both undergo large changes in structure. Within the structure of Apo-H is a stretch of positively charged amino acids, (protein sequence positions 282-287) Lys-Asn-Lys-Glu-Lys-Lys, are involved in phospholipid binding (See image on right).
Apo-H has a complex involvement in agglutination, it appears to alter ADP mediated agglutination of platelets. Normally Apo-H assumes an anti-coagulation activity in serum (by inhibiting coagulation factors), however changes in blood factors can result of a reversal of that activity.
Inhibitory activities.
Apo-H appears to completely inhibit serotonin release by the platelets and prevents subsequent waves of the ADP-induced aggregation. The activity of Apo-H appears to involve the binding of agglutinating, negatively charged compounds, and inhibits agglutination by the contact activation of the intrinsic blood coagulation pathway. Apo-H causes a reduction of the prothrombinase binding sites on platelets and reduces the activation caused by collagen when thrombin is present at physiological serum concentrations of Apo-H suggesting a regulatory role of Apo-H in coagulation.
Apo-H also inhibits the generation of factor Xa in the presence of platelets. Apo-H also inhibits that activation of factor XIIa.
In addition, Apo-H inhibits the activation of protein C blocking its activity on phosphatidylserine:phosphatidylcholine vesicles however once protein C is activated, Apo-H fails to inhibit activity. Since protein C is involved in factor Va degradation Apo-H indirectly inhibits the degradation of factor Va. This inhibitory activity was diminished by adding phospholipids suggesting the Apo-H inhibition of protein C is phospholipid competitive. This indicates that under certain conditions Apo-H takes on a procoagulation properties.
Pathology.
Anti-cardiolipin antibodies are found in both infectious (syphilis) and autoimmune disease (sclerosis, lupus). The activity of anti-cardiolipin antibodies in autoimmune antiphospholipid syndrome requires apolipoprotein H. The subset of antibodies that bind Apo-H and alter its activity are considered different from
antibodies that bind thrombin, serum phospholipids and are called anti-apolipoprotein antibodies. In autoimmune disease, anti-apolipoprotein antibodies (Anti β2 glycoprotein I antibodies) strongly associate with thrombotic forms of lupus and sclerosis.
Sushi 2 protein domain.
In molecular biology, the protein domain Sushi 2 is also known as the fifth protein domain of beta-2-glycoprotein-1 (b2GP-1). This protein domain is only found in eukaryotes. The first four domains found in Apolipoprotein H resemble each other, however the fifth one appears to be different.
Structure.
This protein domain is composed of four well-defined anti-parallel beta-strands and two short alpha-helices, as well as a long highly flexible loop. Additionally, the fifth protein domain appears to resemble the other four in Apolipoprotein with the exception of three internal disulfide bonds and an extra C-terminal loop.
Function.
Its exact function remains to be fully elucidated, however it is known to play an important role in the binding of b2GP-1 to negatively charged compounds and subsequent capture for binding of anti-b2GP-1 antibodies. Problems such as a mutation in this protein would lead to Antiphospholipid syndrome which often leads to pregnancy complications.

</doc>
<doc id="9755499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755499" title="Rolls-Royce Experimental Machine Gun">
Rolls-Royce Experimental Machine Gun

The Rolls-Royce Experimental Machine Gun was a prototype British heavy machine gun, designed by Rolls-Royce during World War II.
Rolls-Royce commenced design of a heavy machine gun in early 1940, intended for use in aircraft. The result was a recoil operated weapon firing .50 Browning cartridges. This was evaluated in March 1941 and proved prone to stoppages. A revised gas-operated weapon was designed and built to try and solve these problems.
As well as the .50 inch versions, it was planned to modify the gas operated gun to fire the more powerful .55 inch ammunition used in the Boys anti-tank rifle. All work on the Rolls-Royce machine guns was abandoned in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="9755501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755501" title="Esquire Jauchem">
Esquire Jauchem

Esquire Jauchem is a producer, director, writer, and designer working in theater, opera, ballet, film, and video. In 1971 he founded The Boston Repertory Theater. In 1975, he adapted and directed the world premiere of the stage version of Harry Nilsson's "The Point!" starring David Morse as the character Oblio. He has produced over 1,000 television programs, most recently the Supervising Producer of Clean House starring Niecy Nash and the Co-Executive Producer of Home Made Simple starring Paige Davis. Both of those shows received Emmy nominations.
Early life.
Jauchem was born in Akron, Ohio, where his father was a machinist at Goodyear Tire and his mother was a beauty queen and housewife. His acting and directing career started in his grandmother's garage where he staged mini-theatrical events. His maternal grandparents were from Zics, Hungary, the paternal side from Biermansdorf, Switzerland. Jauchem attended Harvey S. Firestone High School and went to The Defiance College where he studied theology, made his first film, and became deeply involved in the theater department led by Professor William Curtis. In the summer of 1964 he was an actor with the The Defiance College Players performing in Barnstable, Massachusetts. After graduating from college, he moved to Boston to attend Emerson College, but very shortly became involved in the Opera Company of Boston productions led by world famous impressario Sarah Caldwell who offered him a full-time job.
Theatre.
At the age of twenty-four Jauchem founded the Boston Repertory Theatre that, over the next ten years, became the most successful local theater company in Boston, originating over 40 shows with such dramatic luminaries such as James Kirkwood Jr., Tommy Tune, Viveca Lindfors, Dick Shawn, and kick starting the careers of new-comers like David Morse (an original founding member of the Company). The resident acting company performed several plays in true rotating repertory, often two different shows in the same day. The Boston Rep built the first new theatre in the Boston Theater District in thirty years at One Boylston Place and opened it for the national bi-centennial in 1976 with the world premiere of Kurt Vonnegut's "Player Piano".
Opera.
Jauchem was also the Associate Director and Production Administrator of the Opera Company of Boston with world renowned conductor and director, Sarah Caldwell. He helped her stage many American premieres including "The Trojans" by Berlioz, "Russlan and Ludmilla" by Glinka, "The Icebreak" by Sir Michael Tippett, and the epic, "War and Peace" by Prokofiev (which featured the entire Boston Rep acting company in key, non-singing roles.) Opera luminaries with whom he worked include Beverly Sills, Régine Crespin, Plácido Domingo, James McCracken, Donald Gramm, Victoria de los Ángeles, and Shirley Verrett among scores of others. Jauchem also became known for creating elaborate special effects Sarah Caldwell's productions and also often appeared onstage in the productions.
Moving to New York, he and Gregory Meeh founded Jauchem & Meeh Special Effects which has, for several decades, been dazzling opera and theatre audiences with storms, explosions, magic, and illusions. His special effects with Gregory Meeh vividly destroyed Troy, Moscow, and the Temple of Solomon, then burned Beverly Sills at the stake.
Hollywood.
Moving to Venice Beach, California, Jauchem became involved in electronic media where he has produced and/ or directed over one thousand episodes of television for NBC, CBC, Spike, UPN, E! Entertainment, Style, Logo, and The Oprah Winfrey Network. He was the Supervising Producer for the wildly successful comedy/makeover show, "Clean House" starring Niecy Nash. That show was number one for the network for several years and resulted in two Emmy nominations for Jauchem, and generated a spin-off special "The Messiest House" achieving the highest ratings in the history of Style.
He continued his work in the theatre producing, directing and designing scenery, lighting and costumes including another production of "The Point!" and "The Little Prince" starring David Morse as The Aviator.
Recent projects.
In recent years he has written and directed multimedia stage tributes to Paula Vogel, Marsha Norman and David Henry Hwang for William Inge Theater Festival and was most recently the Supervising Producer of RuPaul’s "Drag U" on Logo TV and the Co-Executive Producer / Showrunner of "Home Made Simple" starring Paige Davis on the Oprah Winfrey Network that was nominated for an Emmy.
He is in currently pre-production on a short film based on award-winning playwright, David Henry Hwang’s play, "Bondage". He is developing an independent feature film "Down by the River" slated to star David Morse and Kimberly Elise, screenplay by Gerald Berns, based on a play by William Curtis. Jauchem is also developing a cabaret style musical based on the music of Stew and Heidi Rodewald and writing an adaptation of ""The Mad Woman of Chaillot"" set on the Venice Beach Boardwalk.

</doc>
<doc id="9755509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755509" title="Mosco convergence">
Mosco convergence

In mathematical analysis, Mosco convergence, is a notion of convergence for functionals that is used in nonlinear analysis and set-valued analysis. It is a particular case of Γ-convergence. Mosco convergence is sometimes phrased as “weak Γ-liminf and strong Γ-limsup” convergence since it uses both the weak and strong topologies on a topological vector space "X".
"Mosco convergence" is named after Italian mathematician Umberto Mosco, a current Harold J. Gay professor of mathematics at Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
Definition.
Let "X" be a topological vector space and let "X"∗ denote the dual space of continuous linear functionals on "X". Let "F""n" : "X" → be functionals on "X" for each "n" = 1, 2, ... The sequence (or, more generally, net) ("F""n") is said to Mosco converge to another functional "F" : "X" → [0, +∞ if the following two conditions hold:
Since lower and upper bound inequalities of this type are used in the definition of Γ-convergence, Mosco convergence is sometimes phrased as “weak Γ-liminf and strong Γ-limsup” convergence. Mosco convergence is sometimes abbreviated to M-convergence and denoted by

</doc>
<doc id="9755510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755510" title="Savant Young">
Savant Young

Trenell "Savant" Young (born June 19, 1976) is an American professional mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter.
Mixed martial arts.
Although his first professional bout was in 1998, in June 2006 Young decided he wanted to begin training mixed martial arts full-time. In February 2007 Young won his first fight in the International Fight League by defeating Ed West with a unanimous decision. Young compiled a 2-2 record with the IFL, and that gave him an opportunity to fight Takeshi Inoue at Shooto. Despite Inoue being heavily favored, Young pulled off the upset and beat him by unanimous decision. Young has stated that this win is the reason he was offered a fight contract with the new Affliction Clothing Promotion. Young fought at their first event, Affliction Banned, losing by second-round armbar against UFC veteran Mark Hominick.
Outside MMA.
While training part-time, Young worked in post-production at a video editing company, making the feats of others come alive on the screen. An avid video game player, Young has also had a lifelong fascination with cars, building and competing with them in street races while in high school.
Personal life.
Savant and his wife Rahima have two children, a girl and a boy. His mother's name is Debra Baldwin.

</doc>
<doc id="9755512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755512" title="German submarine U-27">
German submarine U-27

U-27 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
U-27 or U-XXVII may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9755515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755515" title="B Division (New York City Subway)">
B Division (New York City Subway)

The New York City Subway's B Division consists of the lines that operate with lettered services (A, B, C, D, E, F, G, J, L, M, N, Q, R and Z), as well as the Franklin Avenue and Rockaway Park Shuttles. These lines and services were operated by the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation and city-owned Independent Subway System before the 1940 city takeover of the BMT. B Division rolling stock is wider, longer, and heavier than those of the A Division, measuring by .
The two former systems are still sometimes referred to as the IND Division and BMT Division.
List of lines.
The following lines are part of the B Division (services shown in parentheses; lines with colors next to them are trunk lines):
History.
Early history.
The oldest line to become part of the B Division was the BMT Lexington Avenue Line, opened in 1885. A large system of elevated railways in Brooklyn was formed by 1908 by the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT), crossing the Brooklyn Bridge and Williamsburg Bridge to Manhattan terminals. With the Dual Contracts, signed in 1913, the BRT acquired extensions outward into Queens, as well as through Lower and Midtown Manhattan. The BRT became the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation in 1923 after a bankruptcy.
The Independent Subway System (IND) was created by the city in the 1920s and 1930s as a third system operated by the city, competing with the BMT and Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT). The city took over operations of the BMT and IRT in 1940, consolidating ownership of the three systems into one. Since the original IRT tunnels were smaller, it has remained a separate division to this day.
IND before 1967.
IND services were labeled on maps and signs starting with the opening of the first line in 1932. Six letters - A to F - were assigned to the major services, sorted by the north terminal and midtown line, and express services had single letters, while local services had double letters. G and H were assigned to lesser services, which did not enter Manhattan. The following labels were used from 1940 to 1967:
Consolidation of operations.
Until 1954 and 1955, when the Culver Ramp and 60th Street Tunnel Connection opened, the BMT and IND trackage was not connected. The early joint services using these connections operated similarly to trackage rights; it was not until the Chrystie Street Connection opened in 1967 that the ex-BMT and IND systems were consolidated operationally.
Beginning in 1924, BMT services were designated by number. The city assigned letters (J and up) - generally following the IND pattern of double letters for local services - in the early 1960s to prepare for the 1967 Chrystie Street Connection. Only Southern Division routes (1-4 or N-T) were labeled on maps, but all services except remnants of the old els were assigned letters:
(*) Unofficially signed as "M", or sometimes "S".
In 1967, the Culver and Franklin Shuttles became SS - the standard shuttle designation - and the Myrtle Local ("Myrtle (Jay)", discontinued in 1969) was labeled MJ.
After 1967.
The 1967 opening of the Chrystie Street Connection resulted in a number of changes. The following services have been operated since then:

</doc>
<doc id="9755539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755539" title="Android epistemology">
Android epistemology

Android epistemology is an approach to epistemology considering the space of possible machines and their capacities for knowledge, beliefs, attitudes, desires and for action in accord with their mental states. Thus, android epistemology incorporates artificial intelligence, computational cognitive psychology, computability theory and other related disciplines. 

</doc>
<doc id="9755540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755540" title="Weatherford Hotel">
Weatherford Hotel

The Weatherford Hotel is a historic hotel in the downtown district of Flagstaff, Arizona. The hotel was established in 1897 by John W. Weatherford, and is located one block north of U.S. Route 66.
History.
Disastrous fires plagued early Flagstaff, like most frontier towns. After a particularly bad series of blazes in 1897, the City passed an ordinance requiring all buildings in the business area to be built of brick, stone or iron. Among the new buildings appearing in the year 1898 was the Weatherford Hotel, built by John W. Weatherford (1859–1934), a native of Weatherford, Texas. The original structure housed a general store on the first floor, and the Weatherford family upstairs.
In March 1899, Weatheford began construction of a brick three-story hotel addition, with a grand opening on New Year's Day, 1900. For years, the Weatherford Hotel was the most prominent hotel in Flagstaff, entertaining guests such as artist Thomas Moran, publisher William Randolf Hearst, and writer Zane Grey. Grey's famous novel "The Call of the Canyon" was written in the recently renovated Zane Grey Ballroom on the third floor of the hotel.
A beautiful sunroom occupied part of the top floor and was used for dances and parties, while numerous civic groups engaged the downstairs. A three-sided balcony, visible in the 1905 photograph hanging in the Ballroom was damaged by fire and removed in 1929, along with the original cupola. At various times, the hotel housed a restaurant, theater, and billiard hall and radio station.
Henry Taylor, the present owner, purchased the hotel in 1975 in an attempt to keep it from being demolished, at a time when the downtown area was in an acute state of disrepair and decline. Since then, Henry and his wife Pamela (Sam) have been continually renovating the structure, with the goal of restoring the hotel to its original grandeur. Today's Weatherford Hotel is still changing. The third floor Ballroom was renovated and reopened in 1997 and the first stage of reconstructing the wrap-around porches were finished in February 1999.
When transcontinental telephone service first reached Flagstaff about 1910, a small brick building with a three-bay facade of red Coconino sandstone was erected south of the Weatheford Hotel to serve the telephone company, becoming part of the "Weatherford Block". The building served its original purpose until at least the 1930s, when it underwent the first of two modernizations.
The sandstone facade was stuccoed over in a modified art-deco style, and in the 1950s aluminum siding was added. It was known for some years as the "Le Brea Cafe", an establishment whose character does not appear to have elicited any significant historic recollection.
The cafe facade renovation completed in 1995 restored the appearance of the original 1909 Telephone Exchange. The elegant simplicity and casual ambiance of the "Exchange Pub" is reminiscent of Flagstaff's at its around the start of the 20th century heyday.
The renovation continues today with future expansions to include the development of the basement which was the original Hotel Pub & Restaurant in 1900. Also planned is the completion of the existing balconies which will wrap around to the west of the building.
The hotel was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
It is located at 23 N. Leroux St. in Flagstaff.

</doc>
<doc id="9755552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755552" title="Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil">
Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil

Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
This village is in the Loire Valley, in the midst of many castles, such as Chenonceaux, Villandry, etc. The commune is home to a wine appellation, Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil AOC.
Geography.
Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil is situated between Angers, Tours and Chinon.
History.
The old "ecclesia Sancti Nicolai", mentioned in 1208,was situated in the North-east of the present cemetery of Bourgueil.
In 1790-1794, Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil annexed the former commune of La Taille. The current village centre of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil was built during the July Monarchy (1830-1848).
Population.
Its inhabitants are called the "Saint-nicolaisiens".
Personalities.
Marie Dupin, a conquest of Pierre de Ronsard, lived in the Port Guyer (part of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil) all her life.

</doc>
<doc id="9755564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755564" title="Congruence lattice problem">
Congruence lattice problem

In mathematics, the congruence lattice problem asks whether every algebraic distributive lattice is isomorphic to the congruence lattice of some other lattice. The problem was posed by Robert P. Dilworth, and for many years it was one of the most famous and long-standing open problems in lattice theory; it had a deep impact on the development of lattice theory itself. The conjecture that every distributive lattice is a congruence lattice is true for all distributive lattices with at most ℵ1 compact elements, but F. Wehrung provided a counterexample for distributive lattices with ℵ2 compact elements using a construction based on Kuratowski's free set theorem.
Preliminaries.
We denote by Con "A" the congruence lattice of an algebra "A", that is, the lattice of all congruences of "A" under inclusion.
The following is a universal-algebraic triviality. It says that for a congruence, being finitely generated is a lattice-theoretical property.
Lemma.
A congruence of an algebra "A" is finitely generated if and only if it is a compact element of Con "A".
As every congruence of an algebra is the join of the finitely generated congruences below it (e.g., every submodule of a module is the union of all its finitely generated submodules), we obtain the following result, first published by Birkhoff and Frink in 1948.
Theorem (Birkhoff and Frink 1948).
The congruence lattice Con "A" of any algebra "A" is an algebraic lattice.
While congruences of lattices lose something in comparison to groups, modules, rings (they cannot be identified with subsets of the universe), they also have a property unique among all the other structures encountered yet.
Theorem (Funayama and Nakayama 1942).
The congruence lattice of any lattice is distributive.
This says that α ∧ (β ∨ γ) = (α ∧ β) ∨ (α ∧ γ), for any congruences α, β, and γ of a given lattice. The analogue of this result fails, for instance, for modules, as formula_1, as a rule, for submodules "A", "B", "C" of a given module.
Soon after this result, Dilworth proved the following result. He did not publish the result but it appears as an exercise credited to him in Birkhoff 1948. The first published proof is in Grätzer and Schmidt 1962.
Theorem (Dilworth ≈1940, Grätzer and Schmidt 1962).
Every finite distributive lattice is isomorphic to the congruence lattice of some finite lattice.
It is important to observe that the solution lattice found in Grätzer and Schmidt's proof is "sectionally complemented", that is, it has a least element (true for any finite lattice) and for all elements "a" ≤ "b" there exists an element "x" with "a" ∨ "x" = "b" and "a" ∧ "x" = "0". It is also in that paper that CLP is first stated in published form, although it seems that the earliest attempts at CLP were made by Dilworth himself. Congruence lattices of finite lattices have been given an enormous amount of attention, for which a reference is Grätzer's 2005 monograph.
The congruence lattice problem (CLP):
Is every distributive algebraic lattice isomorphic to the congruence lattice of some lattice?
The problem CLP has been one of the most intriguing and longest-standing open problems of lattice theory. Some related results of universal algebra are the following.
Theorem (Grätzer and Schmidt 1963).
Every algebraic lattice is isomorphic to the congruence lattice of some algebra.
The lattice Sub "V" of all subspaces of a vector space "V" is certainly an algebraic lattice. As the next result shows, these algebraic lattices are difficult to represent.
Theorem (Freese, Lampe, and Taylor 1979).
Let "V" be an infinite-dimensional vector space over an uncountable field "F". Then Con "A" isomorphic to Sub "V" implies that "A" has at least card "F" operations, for any algebra "A".
As "V" is infinite-dimensional, the largest element ("unit") of Sub "V" is not compact. However innocuous it sounds, the compact unit assumption is essential in the statement of the result above, as demonstrated by the following result.
Theorem (Lampe 1982).
Every algebraic lattice with compact unit is isomorphic to the congruence lattice of some groupoid.
Semilattice formulation of CLP.
The congruence lattice Con "A" of an algebra "A" is an algebraic lattice. The (∨,0)-semilattice of compact elements of Con "A" is denoted by Conc "A", and it is sometimes called the "congruence semilattice" of "A". Then Con "A" is isomorphic to the ideal lattice of Conc "A". By using the classical equivalence between the category of all (∨,0)-semilattices and the category of all algebraic lattices (with suitable definitions of morphisms), as it is outlined here, we obtain the following semilattice-theoretical formulation of CLP.
Semilattice-theoretical formulation of CLP:
Is every distributive (∨,0)-semilattice isomorphic to the congruence semilattice of some lattice?
Say that a distributive (∨,0)-semilattice is "representable", if it is isomorphic to Conc "L", for some lattice "L". So CLP asks whether every distributive (∨,0)-semilattice is representable.
Many investigations around this problem involve "diagrams" of semilattices or of algebras. A most useful folklore result about these is the following.
Theorem.
The functor Conc, defined on all algebras of a given signature, to all (∨,0)-semilattices, preserves direct limits.
Schmidt's approach via distributive join-homomorphisms.
We say that a (∨,0)-semilattice satisfies "Schmidt's Condition", if it is isomorphic to the quotient of a generalized Boolean semilattice "B" under some distributive join-congruence of "B". One of the deepest results about representability of (∨,0)-semilattices is the following.
Theorem (Schmidt 1968).
Any (∨,0)-semilattice satisfying Schmidt's Condition is representable.
This raised the following problem, stated in the same paper.
Problem 1 (Schmidt 1968).
Does any (∨,0)-semilattice satisfiy Schmidt's Condition?
Partial positive answers are the following.
Theorem (Schmidt 1981).
Every distributive "lattice" with zero satisfies Schmidt's Condition; thus it is representable.
This result has been improved further as follows, "via" a very long and technical proof, using forcing and Boolean-valued models.
Theorem (Wehrung 2003).
Every direct limit of a countable sequence of distributive "lattices" with zero and (∨,0)-homomorphisms is representable.
Other important representability results are related to the cardinality of the semilattice. The following result was prepared for publication by Dobbertin after Huhn's passing away in 1985. The two corresponding papers were published in 1989.
Theorem (Huhn 1985). Every distributive (∨,0)-semilattice of cardinality at most ℵ1 satisfies Schmidt's Condition. Thus it is representable.
By using different methods, Dobbertin got the following result.
Theorem (Dobbertin 1986).
Every distributive (∨,0)-semilattice in which every principal ideal is at most countable is representable.
Problem 2 (Dobbertin 1983). Is every conical refinement monoid measurable?
Pudlák's approach; lifting diagrams of (∨,0)-semilattices.
The approach of CLP suggested by Pudlák in his 1985 paper is different. It is based on the following result, Fact 4, p. 100 in Pudlák's 1985 paper, obtained earlier by Ju.L. Ershov as the main theorem in Section 3 of the Introduction of his 1977 monograph.
Theorem (Ershov 1977, Pudlák 1985).
Every distributive (∨,0)-semilattice is the directed union of its finite distributive (∨,0)-subsemilattices.
This means that every finite subset in a distributive (∨,0)-semilattice "S" is contained in some finite "distributive" (∨,0)-subsemilattice of "S". Now we are trying to represent a given distributive (∨,0)-semilattice "S" as Conc "L", for some lattice "L". Writing "S" as a directed union formula_2 of finite distributive (∨,0)-subsemilattices, we are "hoping" to represent each "Si" as the congruence lattice of a lattice "Li" with lattice homomorphisms "fij : Li→ Lj", for "i ≤ j" in "I", such that the diagram formula_3 of all "Si" with all inclusion maps "Si→Sj", for "i ≤ j" in "I", is naturally equivalent to formula_4, we say that the diagram formula_5 lifts formula_3 (with respect to the Conc functor). If this can be done, then, as we have seen that the Conc functor preserves direct limits, the direct limit formula_7 satisfies formula_8.
While the problem whether this could be done in general remained open for about 20 years, Pudlák could prove it for distributive "lattices" with zero, thus extending one of Schmidt's results by providing a "functorial" solution.
Theorem (Pudlák 1985).
There exists a direct limits preserving functor Φ, from the category of all distributive lattices with zero and 0-lattice embeddings to the category of all lattices with zero and 0-lattice embeddings, such that ConcΦ is naturally equivalent to the identity. Furthermore, Φ("S") is a finite atomistic lattice, for any finite distributive (∨,0)-semilattice "S".
This result is improved further, by an even far more complex construction, to "locally finite, sectionally complemented modular lattices" by Růžička in 2004 and 2006.
Pudlák asked in 1985 whether his result above could be extended to the whole category of distributive (∨,0)-semilattices with (∨,0)-embeddings. The problem remained open until it was recently solved in the negative by Tůma and Wehrung.
Theorem (Tůma and Wehrung 2006).
There exists a diagram "D" of finite Boolean (∨,0)-semilattices and (∨,0,1)-embeddings, indexed by a finite partially ordered set, that cannot be lifted, with respect to the Conc functor, by any diagram of lattices and lattice homomorphisms.
In particular, this implies immediately that CLP has no "functorial" solution.
Furthermore, it follows from deep 1998 results of universal algebra by Kearnes and Szendrei in so-called "commutator theory of varieties" that the result above can be extended from the variety of all lattices to any variety formula_9 such that all Con "A", for formula_10, satisfy a fixed nontrivial identity in the signature (∨,∧) (in short, "with a nontrivial congruence identity").
We should also mention that many attempts at CLP were also based on the following result, first proved by Bulman-Fleming and McDowell in 1978 by using a categorical 1974 result of Shannon, see also Goodearl and Wehrung in 2001 for a direct argument.
Theorem (Bulman-Fleming and McDowell 1978).
Every distributive (∨,0)-semilattice is a direct limit of finite Boolean (∨,0)-semilattices and (∨,0)-homomorphisms.
It should be observed that while the transition homomorphisms used in the Ershov-Pudlák Theorem are (∨,0)-embeddings, the transition homomorphisms used in the result above are not necessarily one-to-one, for example when one tries to represent the three-element chain. Practically this does not cause much trouble, and makes it possible to prove the following results.
Theorem.
Every distributive (∨,0)-semilattice of cardinality at most ℵ1 is isomorphic to
(1) Conc "L", for some locally finite, relatively complemented modular lattice "L" (Tůma 1998 and Grätzer, Lakser, and Wehrung 2000).
(2) The semilattice of finitely generated two-sided ideals of some (not necessarily unital) von Neumann regular ring (Wehrung 2000).
(3) Conc "L", for some sectionally complemented modular lattice "L" (Wehrung 2000).
(4) The semilattice of finitely generated normal subgroups of some locally finite group (Růžička, Tůma, and Wehrung 2006).
(5) The submodule lattice of some right module over a (non-commutative) ring (Růžička, Tůma, and Wehrung 2006).
Congruence lattices of lattices and nonstable K-theory of von Neumann regular rings.
We recall that for a (unital, associative) ring "R", we denote by "V(R)" the (conical, commutative) monoid of isomorphism classes of finitely generated projective right "R"-modules, see here for more details. Recall that if "R" is von Neumann regular, then "V(R)" is a refinement monoid. Denote by Idc "R" the (∨,0)-semilattice of finitely generated two-sided ideals of "R". We denote by "L(R)" the lattice of all principal right ideals of a von Neumann regular ring "R". It is well known that "L(R)" is a complemented modular lattice.
The following result was observed by Wehrung, building on earlier works mainly by Jónsson and Goodearl.
Theorem (Wehrung 1999).
Let "R" be a von Neumann regular ring. Then the (∨,0)-semilattices Idc "R" and Conc "L(R)" are both isomorphic to the maximal semilattice quotient of "V(R)".
Bergman proves in a well-known unpublished note from 1986 that any at most countable distributive (∨,0)-semilattice is isomorphic to Idc "R", for some locally matricial ring "R" (over any given field). This result is extended to semilattices of cardinality at most ℵ1 in 2000 by Wehrung, by keeping only the regularity of "R" (the ring constructed by the proof is not locally matricial). The question whether "R" could be taken locally matricial in the ℵ1 case remained open for a while, until it was disproved by Wehrung in 2004. Translating back to the lattice world by using the theorem above and using a lattice-theoretical analogue of the "V(R)" construction, called the "dimension monoid", introduced by Wehrung in 1998, yields the following result.
Theorem (Wehrung 2004).
There exists a distributive (∨,0,1)-semilattice of cardinality ℵ1 that is not isomorphic to Conc "L", for any modular lattice "L" every finitely generated sublattice of which has finite length.
Problem 3 (Goodearl 1991). Is the positive cone of any dimension group with order-unit isomorphic to "V(R)", for some von Neumann regular ring "R"?
A first application of Kuratowski's Free Set Theorem.
The abovementioned Problem 1 (Schmidt), Problem 2 (Dobbertin), and Problem 3 (Goodearl) were solved simultaneously in the negative in 1998.
Theorem (Wehrung 1998).
There exists a dimension vector space "G" over the rationals with order-unit whose positive cone "G"+ is not isomorphic to "V(R)", for any von Neumann regular ring "R", and is not measurable in Dobbertin's sense. Furthermore, the maximal semilattice quotient of "G"+ does not satisfy Schmidt's Condition. Furthermore, "G" can be taken of any given cardinality greater than or equal to ℵ2.
It follows from the previously mentioned works of Schmidt, Huhn, Dobbertin, Goodearl, and Handelman that the ℵ2 bound is optimal in all three negative results above.
As the ℵ2 bound suggests, infinite combinatorics are involved. The principle used is Kuratowski's Free Set Theorem, first published in 1951. Only the case "n=2" is used here.
The semilattice part of the result above is achieved "via" an infinitary semilattice-theoretical statement URP ("Uniform Refinement Property"). If we want to disprove Schmidt's problem, the idea is (1) to prove that any generalized Boolean semilattice satisfies URP (which is easy), (2) that URP is preserved under homomorphic image under a weakly distributive homomorphism (which is also easy), and (3) that there exists a distributive (∨,0)-semilattice of cardinality ℵ2 that does not satisfy URP (which is difficult, and uses Kuratowski's Free Set Theorem).
Schematically, the construction in the theorem above can be described as follows. For a set Ω, we consider the partially ordered vector space "E(Ω)" defined by generators 1 and "ai,x", for "i<2" and "x" in Ω, and relations "a0,x+a1,x=1", "a0,x ≥ 0", and "a1,x ≥ 0", for any "x" in Ω. By using a Skolemization of the theory of dimension groups, we can embed "E(Ω)" functorially into a dimension vector space "F(Ω)". The vector space counterexample of the theorem above is "G=F(Ω)", for any set Ω with at least ℵ2 elements.
This counterexample has been modified subsequently by Ploščica and Tůma to a direct semilattice construction. For a (∨,0)-semilattice, the larger semilattice "R(S)" is the (∨,0)-semilattice freely generated by new elements "t(a,b,c)", for "a, b, c" in "S" such that "c ≤ a ∨ b", subjected to the only relations "c=t(a,b,c) ∨ t(b,a,c)" and "t(a,b,c) ≤ a". Iterating this construction gives the "free distributive extension" formula_11 of "S". Now, for a set Ω, let "L(Ω)" be the (∨,0)-semilattice defined by generators 1 and "ai,x", for "i<2" and "x" in Ω, and relations "a0,x ∨ a1,x=1", for any "x" in Ω. Finally, put "G(Ω)=D(L(Ω))".
In most related works, the following "uniform refinement property" is used. It is a modification of the one introduced by Wehrung in 1998 and 1999.
Definition (Ploščica, Tůma, and Wehrung 1998).
Let "e" be an element in a (∨,0)-semilattice "S". We say that the "weak uniform refinement property" WURP holds at "e", if for all families formula_12 and formula_13 of elements in "S" such that "ai ∨ bi=e" for all "i" in "I", there exists a family formula_14 of elements of "S" such that the relations
• "ci,j ≤ ai,bj",
• "ci,j ∨ aj ∨ bi=e",
• "ci,k ≤ ci,j∨ cj,k"
hold for all "i, j, k" in "I". We say that "S" satisfies WURP, if WURP holds at every element of "S".
By building on Wehrung's abovementioned work on dimension vector spaces, Ploščica and Tůma proved that WURP does not hold in "G(Ω)", for any set Ω of cardinality at least ℵ2. Hence "G(Ω)" does not satisfy Schmidt's Condition. It is to be noted that all negative representation results mentioned here always make use of some "uniform refinement property", including the first one about dimension vector spaces.
However, the semilattices used in these negative results are relatively complicated. The following result, proved by Ploščica, Tůma, and Wehrung in 1998, is more striking, because it shows examples of "representable" semilattices that do not satisfy Schmidt's Condition. We denote by FV(Ω) the free lattice on Ω in V, for any variety V of lattices.
Theorem (Ploščica, Tůma, and Wehrung 1998).
The semilattice Conc FV(Ω) does not satisfy WURP, for any set Ω of cardinality at least ℵ2 and any non-distributive variety V of lattices. Consequently, Conc FV(Ω) does not satisfy Schmidt's Condition.
It is proved by Tůma and Wehrung in 2001 that Conc FV(Ω) is not isomorphic to Conc "L", for any lattice "L" with permutable congruences. By using a slight weakening of WURP, this result is extended to arbitrary algebras with permutable congruences by Růžička, Tůma, and Wehrung in 2006. Hence, for example, if Ω has at least ℵ2 elements, then Conc FV(Ω) is not isomorphic to the normal subgroup lattice of any group, or the submodule lattice of any module.
Solving CLP: the Erosion Lemma.
The following recent theorem solves CLP.
Theorem (Wehrung 2007).
The semilattice "G(Ω)" is not isomorphic to Conc "L" for any lattice "L", whenever the set Ω has at least ℵω+1 elements.
Hence, the counterexample to CLP had been known for nearly ten years, it is just that nobody knew why it worked! All the results prior to the theorem above made use of some form of permutability of congruences. The difficulty was to find enough structure in congruence lattices of non-congruence-permutable lattices.
We shall denote by ε the `parity function' on the natural numbers, that is, ε("n")="n" mod 2, for any natural number "n".
We let "L" be an algebra possessing a structure of semilattice ("L",∨) such that every congruence of "L" is also a congruence for the operation ∨ . We put
and we denote by Conc"U" "L" the (∨,0)-subsemilattice of Conc "L" generated by all principal congruences Θ("u","v") ( = least congruence of "L" that identifies "u" and "v"), where ("u","v") belongs to "U" ×"U". We put Θ+("u","v")=Θ("u ∨ v","v"), for all "u, v" in "L".br />
The Erosion Lemma (Wehrung 2007).
Let "x"0, "x"1 in "L" and let formula_16, for a positive integer "n", be a finite subset of "L" with formula_17. Put
Then there are congruences formula_19, for "j<2", such that
The proof of the theorem above runs by setting a "structure" theorem for congruence lattices of semilattices—namely, the Erosion Lemma, against "non-structure" theorems for free distributive extensions "G(Ω)", the main one being called the "Evaporation Lemma". While the latter are technically difficult, they are, in some sense, predictable. Quite to the contrary, the proof of the Erosion Lemma is elementary and easy, so it is probably the strangeness of its statement that explains that it has been hidden for so long.
More is, in fact, proved in the theorem above: "For any algebra L with a congruence-compatible structure of join-semilattice with unit and for any set Ω with at least ℵω+1 elements, there is no weakly distributive homomorphism μ: Conc L → G(Ω) containing 1 in its range". In particular, CLP was, after all, not a problem of lattice theory, but rather of universal algebra—even more specifically, "semilattice theory"! These results can also be translated in terms of a "uniform refinement property", denoted by CLR in Wehrung's paper presenting the solution of CLP, which is noticeably more complicated than WURP.
Finally, the cardinality bound ℵω+1 has been improved to the optimal bound ℵ2 by Růžička.
Theorem (Růžička 2008).
The semilattice "G(Ω)" is not isomorphic to Conc "L" for any lattice "L", whenever the set Ω has at least ℵ2 elements.
Růžička's proof follows the main lines of Wehrung's proof, except that it introduces an enhancement of Kuratowski's Free Set Theorem, called there "existence of free trees", which it uses in the final argument involving the Erosion Lemma.
A positive representation result for distributive semilattices.
The proof of the negative solution for CLP shows that the problem of representing distributive semilattices by compact congruences of lattices already appears for congruence lattices of "semilattices". The question whether the structure of partially ordered set would cause similar problems is answered by the following result.
Theorem (Wehrung 2008). For any distributive (∨,0)-semilattice "S", there are a (∧,0)-semilattice "P" and a map μ : "P" × "P" → "S" such that the following conditions hold:
(1) "x" ≤ "y" implies that μ("x","y")=0, for all "x", "y" in "P".
(2) μ("x","z") ≤ μ("x","y") ∨ μ("y","z"), for all "x", "y", "z" in "P".
(3) For all "x" ≥ "y" in "P" and all α, β in "S" such that μ("x","y") ≤ α ∨ β, there are a positive integer "n" and elements "x"="z"0 ≥ "z"1 ≥ ... ≥ "z"2"n"="y" such that μ("z"i","z"i+1") ≤ α (resp., μ("z"i","z"i+1") ≤ β) whenever "i" < 2"n" is even (resp., odd).
(4) "S" is generated, as a join-semilattice, by all the elements of the form μ("x",0), for "x" in "P".
Furthermore, if "S" has a largest element, then "P" can be assumed to be a lattice with a largest element.
It is not hard to verify that conditions (1)–(4) above imply the distributivity of "S", so the result above gives a "characterization" of distributivity for (∨,0)-semilattices.

</doc>
<doc id="9755580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755580" title="List of correctional facilities in Ontario">
List of correctional facilities in Ontario

This is a listing of past and present correctional facilities run by the provincial government in Ontario, Canada. Provincial jails (historically spelled "gaols") and detention centres primarily house offenders awaiting trial. Correctional centres house convicted inmates serving sentences of up to two years, less a day. Offenders sentenced to two years or more are moved out of the provincial system to serve their time in federal correctional facilities run by Correctional Services Canada. "Complexes" are institutions that have both detention and correctional facilities.
Provincial adult (offenders 18 years of age or older) facilities are under the jurisdiction of the province's Ministry of Community Safety and Correctional Services. Youth facilities have at various times been under the same jurisdiction, but currently fall under the Ministry of Children and Youth Services.

</doc>
<doc id="9755591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755591" title="They Marched Into Sunlight">
They Marched Into Sunlight

They Marched Into Sunlight: War and Peace, Vietnam and America, October 1967 is a book written by Pulitzer Prize winner and bestselling author David Maraniss, was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for History in 2004 and won the J. Anthony Lukas Book Prize. It is also being made into a feature film by Universal Pictures, set for release in 2013.
The book centers around the Battle of Ong Thanh and a protest at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Television documentary.
A 2005 documentary film, part of the PBS "American Experience" series was based on this book, titled "Two Days in October". In the UK it was also broadcast by BBC Four as "How Vietnam was Lost", as part of the channel's "Storyville" series.
Film adaptation.
Both Tom Hanks and Gary Goetzman have the rights for making a feature film version of Maraniss's book. Their production company Playtone is very interested in having Paul Greengrass ("United 93", "The Bourne Ultimatum") as director of the project besides re-writing J. Michael Straczynski's first draft. Universal Pictures is expecting to release the film in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9755594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755594" title="Annetta (given name)">
Annetta (given name)

Annetta is a Latinate variant of the feminine given name Anna. It is used in Italian-speaking countries. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="9755597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755597" title="Winter Garden Atrium">
Winter Garden Atrium

The Winter Garden Atrium is a 10-story glass-vaulted pavilion on Vesey Street in New York City's World Financial Center. Originally constructed in 1988, and substantially rebuilt in 2002, the Atrium houses various plants, trees and flowers, and shops. The rear of the building opens onto the World Financial Center Plaza and the North Cove Yacht Harbor on the Hudson River.
Construction.
The Winter Garden Atrium, along with the rest of World Financial Center, was designed by architect César Pelli in 1985. Completed in 1988 at a cost of $60 million, the Atrium was originally connected to the World Trade Center via a 400-foot (122 m) pedestrian bridge that spanned the West Side Highway.
September 11, 2001 attacks.
The Atrium was severely damaged in the September 11, 2001 attacks as almost all the glass panes were blown out by the dust clouds triggered by the collapse of the Twin Towers, but was rebuilt during the first year of the Financial Center's recovery. Reconstruction of the Winter Garden required 2,000 panes of glass, 60,000 square feet (5,400 m²) of marble flooring and stairs, and sixteen 40-foot (12 m) Washingtonia robusta palm trees at a cost of $50 million. Reopened on September 17, 2002, the Winter Garden was the first major structure to be completely restored following the attacks. President George W. Bush was present at the reopening ceremony.
The pedestrian bridge was destroyed in the same attacks and was replaced by windows facing the former site of the World Trade Center.
Exhibits.
Since its construction, the Winter Garden Atrium has hosted concerts and symphonies as part of the World Financial Center Series. Upon its reopening in 2002, the atrium held ballets, concerts, and a performance by the Big Apple Circus.
In the spring of 2003, an exhibit documenting the recovery process of the World Trade Center was installed by the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation in the Winter Garden. The exhibit included early designs of Libeskind's Freedom Tower. Later that year, the eight finalists in the competition for the new buildings had their designs unveiled and displayed in the atrium.
The Winter Garden continues to serve as a venue for art exhibits, music, and shows, as well as hosting movie screenings during the TriBeCa Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9755614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755614" title="Plasmodium chiricahuae">
Plasmodium chiricahuae

Plasmodium chiricahuae is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Lacertaemoba". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. chiricahuae" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles. 
Description.
This species was described by Telford in 1970.
The schizonts rarely exceed the size of the nucleus of the cell and produce 4-10 merozoites. 
The gametocytes are large (3-6 times the size of the nucleus of an uninfected cell) and almost fill the erythrocyte.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in the south western United States and probably also in northern Mexico.
Clinical features and host pathology.
This species infects spiny lizards of the genus "Sceloporus".

</doc>
<doc id="9755616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755616" title="San Luis Gonzaga National University">
San Luis Gonzaga National University

San Luis Gonzaga National University () in Ica, Peru is a scientific, technological, modern, democratic and humanistic community that raises the values and credits to top quality levels in academic and administrative management, contributing to the effective economic, social and cultural development of the province and country. 
It was created in the city of Ica, to 300 km approx. to the south of the capital, Lima. 
The San Luis Gonzaga National University is established due to concerns of the town of Ica, that it demanded an institution of superior studies for those that had professional aspirations. 
On December 20, 1955, after many unexpected delays, San Luis Gonzaga created the "National University of Ica", by law Nº12495. It was managed by the then senator of Ica, Don Felix Temistocles Rocha Rebatta, during the Government of General Manuel Odría; producing in the town of Ica one of his greater points of pride. After five years, the town felt offended, since the university did not carry out its intentions, making excuses of budgetary character, and even a proposal for the cancellation of the law Nº21495 on the part of the House of Representatives. 
Many groups participated in the fight to make the operation of the University a reality, such as the Departmental Civic Front of Ica, the Union of Primary Teachers of Ica, the Association of Ex-Sanluisanos of the Nocturnal one, Bigheaded the Víctor Rock Pacheco and the Committee Pro Operation. Additionally, they were joined by the Association of Parents of Family of the G.U.E. "San Luis Gonzaga", the Junior Camera, the Rotary Club, the Social Union of Ica, the Club of Lions, etc. 
After many requests and misfortunes, on February 18, 1961, a historical and significant date for the town of Ica, the Organizing Commission of the University in the premises of the library of the G.U.E formed. "San Luis Gonzaga", presided over by the Dr. Manuel Beltroy, and integrated by Luis Felipe Ricci Bohórquez, Oscar Escate Fields, Otto Cockburn Alvarado, Atilio Nieri Boggiano, Carlos Luján Castillo and Lorenzo Pezzia Assereto; officially opened for operation, a fact that made possible by means of Ministerial Resolution Nº 137 on the 18 of February 1961.
Mission.
Its stated mission is to create and to grow scientific knowledge, to create technologies that are oriented towards maintaining the development of the province and country, strengthening the human values within the framework, and proportioning necessary means that allow the university community to respond and adapt to the permanent change that faces the society in a changing world.

</doc>
<doc id="9755619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755619" title="Mariah Fredericks">
Mariah Fredericks

Mariah Fredericks, also known as Emmi Fredericks, is the author of bestselling fiction books for teens, including "In the Cards: Love" and the bestselling novel "The True Meaning of Cleavage." (ISBN 978-0-689-85092-9)
Fredericks has been reading tarot cards since she was a teenager, and while she knows that it is pitiful to believe in fortune-telling, her readings keep coming true, so she keeps doing them. She has written a tarot guide called "The Smart Girl's Guide to Tarot." Mariah Fredericks lives with her husband and basset hound in Queens.

</doc>
<doc id="9755628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755628" title="HSG Wetzlar">
HSG Wetzlar

HSG Wetzlar is a professional handball club from Wetzlar, Germany. Currently, HSG Wetzlar competes in the German First League of Handball (Bundesliga) and the German Handball Cup.
Rivalry.
HSG Wetzlar's arch-rival is the neighbouring club TV Hüttenberg and games between the clubs are considered as the "Mittelhessenderby".
Players.
2012/13 Team.
Headcoach: Kai Wandschneider

</doc>
<doc id="9755651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755651" title="History of the University of Missouri">
History of the University of Missouri

This article is about the history of the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri and the state-wide University of Missouri System.
Founding and early years.
MU was founded in 1839 as part of the Geyer Act to establish a state land-grant university, the first west of the Mississippi River. The year of its founding the citizens of Columbia and Boone County pledged $117,921 in cash and land to beat out five other mid-Missouri counties for the location of the state university. The land on which the university was eventually constructed was just south of Columbia's downtown and owned by James S. Rollins, who is known as the "father of the university." 
It was the first university in Thomas Jefferson's Louisiana Purchase and was designed in part upon Thomas Jefferson's original plans for the University of Virginia. Because of this, the original tombstone of Thomas Jefferson was given to MU by Jefferson's heirs in July 1883.
In 1849 the first courses in civil engineering west of the Mississippi River were taught at MU. The first department of art was taught by the famous Missouri artist George Caleb Bingham. The College of Education was opened in 1867 and admitted the first female students in 1868. The entire university was open to female enrollment by 1871.
In 1862 while in the midst of the Civil War, the Board of Curators suspended operations for the university. Academic Hall was occupied by Union troops, the president's house was used by Federal officers and the normal school, forerunner to the College of Education, became an army hospital. It was during this time that the residents of Columbia and defenders of the city became notoriously known as the "fighting tigers of Columbia" due to their insistent fighting to keep the Confederate bushwackers away from the city and university.
Later, in 1890 one alumnus suggested the university's newly formed football team be called the "Tigers" out of respect for those who fought to defend Columbia.
Early growth.
The most dramatic change occurred in 1870 when the School of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts was established as part of the Morrill Land-Grant Acts which gave the college an endowment of of federal land to "teach such branches of learning as are related to agriculture and the mechanic arts, in such manner as the legislatures of the States may respectively prescribe, in order to promote the liberal and practical education of the industrial classes in the several pursuits and professions in life." The land grant was based on 30,000 acres for each of Missouri's 2 senators and 9 state representatives at the time.
There was an intense debate in the state on whether to use the endowment for the existing school or build a new school elsewhere (notably Springfield, Missouri). Rollins prevailed in establishing the school in the Columbia and while at the same time establishing an off-site department called the Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy at Rolla, Missouri in the Southeast Missouri Lead District that reported to Columbia where The College of Agriculture, Food, and Natural Resources was established. The Rolla campus (which had offered a higher bid that Iron County, Missouri) would remain a department reporting to Columbia until 1964 when the University of Missouri System was established.
In 1888 the Missouri Agricultural Experiment Station opened. This grew to encompass ten centers and research farms around Mid-Missouri. MU soon added schools of law and medicine.
On January 9, 1892, Academic Hall, the institution's main building, fell victim to a disastrous fire rumored to have been caused by the first electric light bulb west of the Mississippi River. The fire completely gutted the building, leaving little more than six stone Ionic columns standing. After the fire, there was a campaign to move the University to Sedalia, however the town of Columbia was able to rally against the move. But as a token of gratitude, Sedalia received the rights to host the Missouri State Fair in exchange. The columns, which still stand today, became a symbol of the campus and form the center of Francis Quadrangle, the oldest part of campus. Also in the quadrangle, and often referred to as its centerpiece, is Jesse Hall. Built in 1895, Jesse Hall was formerly known as New Academic Hall. Today, Jesse Hall is home to many administrative offices of the university and to Jesse Auditorium. The area of campus around the quadrangle, where the buildings are built of red brick, is known as "red campus." East of the quadrangle, many buildings were built in 1913 and 1914 of white limestone. This section is known as "white campus."
Early 20th century.
In 1908 the world's first journalism school was opened at MU. It became famous world-wide for its "Missouri Method" of teaching. In 1911, MU held the first Homecoming at the football game between MU and the University of Kansas. After World War II universities around the country grew at an extraordinary pace and MU was no exception. This was due, in part, to the G.I. Bill which allowed veterans to attend college with the assistance of the federal government. It was also during this time that the nickname "Mizzou" was first used.
The usage of the term "Mizzou" was first recorded in a campus yell that used the phrase "Mizzou, Rah, Rah." The commonly accepted origin is that the word is a shortened version of the University's (then-known as the Missouri State University) initials, MSU. When said quickly the initials can be morphed into the affectionate nickname: Mizzou. The name stuck and now is commonly used interchangeably among students, alumni and the residents of Columbia with the newer initials, MU.
Struggle for Integration.
Events at the University of Missouri were instrumental in the desegregation of universities and schools nation-wide. In the winter of 1935, four graduates of Lincoln University—a traditionally black school about 30 miles (50 km) away in Jefferson City, Missouri—were denied admission to MU's graduate school. One of the students, Lloyd L. Gaines, brought his case to the United States Supreme Court. On December 12, 1938, in a landmark 6–2 decision, the court ordered the state of Missouri to admit Gaines to MU's law school or provide a facility of equal stature. Gaines, however, disappeared in Chicago on March 19, 1939 under suspicious circumstances. The University granted Gaines a posthumous honorary law degree in May 2006. Undergraduate divisions were integrated by court order in 1950, when the university was compelled to admit African Americans to courses that were not offered at Lincoln University.
Modern Mizzou.
In 1962, the University of Missouri became the "University of Missouri–Columbia," the flagship campus of the newly created University of Missouri System, with additional campuses in Rolla, Kansas City, and St. Louis. Today the Columbia campus ranks number one among institutions in the Association of American Universities for growth in federally funded research over the last ten years. Mizzou is a member of the Southeastern Conference and is the only school in the state with all of its sports in the NCAA Division I-A, the nations highest level of college sports. MU has over a quarter million living alumni worldwide.
In 1970, students upset with the killing of six students at Kent State University stormed Chancellor Schwada's office and, for a short time, took over campus. Classes were dismissed and staff were sent home. It was around this same time that Peace Park was dedicated near the journalism school as a permanent monument for the promotion of peace and remembrance.
In 1978, Barbara Uehling became MU's third chancellor and the first woman to lead a major state university in the country.
Presidents and chancellors.
Each campus of the University of Missouri System is led by a chancellor, who reports to the president of the UM System. Prior to the formation of the system in 1963, the Columbia campus and its offshoot in Rolla were led directly by the president and the position of chancellor did not exist. See University of Missouri System#Presidents for a list of presidents from 1963–present. This list does not include interim presidents or chancellors. John Lathrop is the only president or chancellor to have served separate terms.
Presidents, 1841–1966
† Chancellors, 1963–present

</doc>
<doc id="9755670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755670" title="Michael Ward (Irish politician)">
Michael Ward (Irish politician)

Michael Ward (1683 – 21 February 1759) was an Irish politician and judge.
He was the second son of Bernard Ward of Castle Ward, County Down and his wife Mary Ward, daughter of Richard Ward. His father had been killed in a duel in 1690, wheen serving as High Sheriff of Down.
Ward entered the Irish House of Commons for Down in 1713. In 1715 and 1727, he stood also for Bangor, but chose to sit for Down both times. In the latter year Ward was appointed a Justice of the Court of King's Bench (Ireland), an office he held until 1758. He transformed Killough into a port and built a road to Castle Ward, the family's residence, to enable the lead mined on the estate to be carried to the ships.
In 1709, he married Anne Catharine Hamilton, daughter of James Hamilton. They had three children, a daughter and two sons. His only surviving son Bernard was elevated to the Peerage of Ireland, first as Baron Bangor in 1770 and then as Viscount Bangor in 1781.

</doc>
<doc id="9755683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755683" title="Little Hell (band)">
Little Hell (band)

Little Hell was a London-based rock band formed in 2001 by former Some Have Fins/Levitation/Carrie singer Steve Ludwin.
History.
The band was first formed in 2000 following the demise of Carrie. Ludwin maintained his working relationship with Carrie guitarist Dennis Dicker, but stepped back from his frontman duties, concentrating instead on songwriting and guitar playing. Instead, vocalist Lucy Johnston was recruited as frontwoman and the lineup was completed by bass guitarist Natasha Moledina and drummer Clive Dicker. Little Hell signed to Double Dragon Records and released their first limited edition 7-inch single "Lose It". This was followed up with their first CD single release, "Emotional Vampire Sound", which saw them working with producer Owen Morris (Ash's "1977"; Oasis' "(What's The Story) Morning Glory?").
When Johnston left the band due to personal differences, Ludwin took over lead vocal and frontman duties. Two further singles were released - "Virus with Shoes" and "Everybody's Cursed". Both were present on the band's debut album "Demonic Advisory Centre", released in 2002 and showing a much harder sound than had been evident on the Johnston-era singles. Little Hell toured the album extensively, with support slots with the likes of Placebo, Ween, Amen, Queenadreena, Ash and Gary Numan. The album was not commercially successful and the band split up in 2004. While Ludwin was still with Little Hell, he had auditioned unsuccessfully to be the lead singer for Velvet Revolver. 
Following Little Hell's split in 2004, Ludwin moved into songwriting and production. He has been heavily involved in the careers of recent rock acts Betty Curse, The Crimea and Good Shoes, as well as producing an MTV Europe show called "Annoying Americans". (He also wrote a song called "Warmer Than Fire" which later became a hit for Ash.)

</doc>
<doc id="9755685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755685" title="7th Field Artillery Regiment">
7th Field Artillery Regiment

The 7th Field Artillery Regiment is a United States Army field artillery regiment, whose lineage traces back to the early 20th century.
World War I.
The regiment was constituted on 1 July 1916 in the Regular Army as the 7th Field Artillery. It was organized on 15 July 1916 at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. On 8 June 1917 it was assigned to the First Expeditionary Division, which was later designated as the 1st Division as part of the Allied Expeditionary Force in World War I.
World War II.
7th Field Artillery Regiment participated in the amphibious assault landing in Algeria as part of Operation Torch. After fighting across North Africa, the regiment participated in 1st Infantry Division's assault of Omaha Beach.
Vietnam, the "Pheons".
On 20 January 1964 the unit was redesignated the 1st Battalion, 7th Artillery and assigned to the 1st Infantry Division. The redesignation included a new design for the unit's distinctive unit insignia (DUI) to an "artillery red" square shield divided by a silver band running from the top right corner to the bottom left corner (as the wearer sees it). In the upper division of the shield appears three silver crescent moons, while the lower division holds seven silver crosslets alluding to the numerical designation of the battalion. The primary charge of the shield however is the three large "artillery red" arrow heads or pheons that rest upon the silver band. It is from these three pheons that the nickname for the battalion "the Pheons" is derived. The unit's motto was shortened to "Nunquam Fractum" (Never Broken) written in silver on an "artillery red" scroll beneath the shield. 
The unit would carry this designation throughout its tour of Vietnam from 25 June 1965, to 19 March 1970. On 23 June 1965, Private First Class Gerold Worster arrived by plane in Saigon, in the Republic of Vietnam. Not only was Gerold the first soldier from the 1st Infantry Division, known as the "Big Red One", he was also the first member of the 7th Artillery to set foot on Vietnamese soil. Even as he climbed from the plane, his comrades were loading aboard the "USNS Gordon" for the trip to Vietnam. On 12 July, Charlie Battery of the 1st Battalion, 7th Artillery made landfall at Cam Ranh Bay, part of a taskforce with the 1st Battalion, 18th Infantry, 1st Infantry Division. This force was the first tactical US Army unit to be deployed in the Republic of Vietnam directly from the continental United States.
After returning from Vietnam in March 1970, the 7th Artillery was redesignated the 7th Field Artillery once again on 1 September 1971. The unit insignia was redesigned by replacing the squared shield with a more rounded one, eliminating the three pheons on the bend of the shield, and replacing the seven crosslets with seven blossoms of the Texas bluebonnet, alluding not only to the unit's number, but its birthplace as well. The motto "Nunquam Fractum" was replaced with "Nunquam Aerumna Nec Proelio Fractum" (never broken by hardship or battle). 
During its Vietnam tour the 105mm howitzers of the 1st Battalion, 7th Artillery fired more than 1,250.000 rounds in its 55 continuous months of combat while earning 11 new battle honors. With the change of the unit insignia and the loss of the pheons from the shield, the 7th Artillery's Vietnam nickname of "Pheons" was also lost.
Vietnam Campaign Participation: *Defense; *Counteroffensive; *Counteroffensive, Phase II; *Counteroffensive, Phase III; *Tet Counteroffensive; *Counteroffensive, Phase IV; *Counteroffensive, Phase V; *Counteroffensive, Phase VI; *Tet 69/Counteroffensive; *Summer-Fall 1969; *Winter-Spring 1970Decorations: *Meritorious Unit Commendation (Army) for VIETNAM 1966–1967, *Meritorious Unit Commendation (Army) for VIETNAM 1967–1968, *Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with Palm for VIETNAM 1965–1968, *Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with Palm for VIETNAM 1969–1970, *Republic of Vietnam Civil Action Honor Medal, First Class for VIETNAM 1965–1970.
Kuwait 1990–91.
The artillery battery elements of the 7th FA Unit located in Fort Drum, New York volunteered approximately 60 soldiers at a time to participate in a rotation schedule during Operation Desert Shield / Operation Desert Storm in late 1990 and early 1991. Although the Unit itself was not activated for combat duty as a whole, these soldiers rotated out over a nine-month period to support the 82nd Airborne Division and 101st Airborne Divisions.
Afghanistan.
The 3rd Battalion, 7th Field Artillery 3rd Brigade Combat Team, 25(Light) Infantry Division, was in Afghanistan as part of Joint Task Force 76 in Operation Enduring Freedom 2004–2005. The unit was headquartered at Kandahar Airfield and provided Indirect Fire, Close Combat Air Control, and Fire Support for the Bronco Brigade and throughout Afghanistan during the 12 month rotation. The battalion, augmented by coalition partners, was responsible for Kandahar Province and conducted infantry missions during the deployment, conducting patrols in the districts surrounding the city of Kandahar. During this deployment, Bravo Battery (Bulls) was recorded as having shot the first artillery round against a hostile enemy for the 25(L)ID since Vietnam.
Operation Iraqi Freedom.
1st Battalion, 7th Field Artillery Regiment was relieved from assignment to the 25th Infantry Division and assigned to the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infantry Division on 16 November 2005. 
On 5 August 2006 3–7 FA deployed from Schofield Barracks, Hawaii to the Province of Kirkuk in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Not only did they conduct a traditional counter-fire mission, 3–7 FA also set themselves apart as a maneuver taskforce conducting infantry-type missions. The use of 3–7 FA as a maneuver asset instead of a direct support field artillery battalion was a result of the implementation of the Counter Insurgency (COIN) doctrine in Iraq. The method of removing the insurgency and strengthening the government could not be done solely through the use of indirect fires, but also with platoon sized maneuver elements and partnerships with local leaders and influencers. The primary spheres of influence during this deployment included local, provincial, and regional governmental leaders, Iraqi Police, and Iraqi Army Strategic Infrastructure Brigades that guarded the nation's crude oil pipelines. On 15 October 2007, 3–7 FA returned from Iraq to Schofield Barracks, Hawaii and was again awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation. They spent the next year conducting a refit and training in preparation for their return to Northern Iraq.
On 16 October 2008, 3–7 FA deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF 09-11) to Salah Ad Din Province in Iraq. Operating out of Contingency Operating Base (COB) Speicher, they were responsible for over 4600 square kilometers in and around Tikrit, the provincial capital of Salah Ad Din. From October 2008 to October 2009 they broke from their traditional artillery role and supported the 3rd Infantry Brigade Combat Team as a maneuver element partnering with Iraqi Security Forces and the Iraqi Government to strengthen security and build civil capacity improving the quality of life for the people of the Tikrit Qada (District).
Current status.
The 1st Battalion, 7th Field Artillery Regiment returned to Fort Riley, KS in October 2009 where they were awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation. Currently, they are conducting reset operations and training to prepare for future deployments.
The 3rd Battalion, 7th Field Artillery Regiment deployed in April 2011 to Regional Command-East, Afghanistan as TF Steel in support of 3rd BCT, 25th ID.

</doc>
<doc id="9755697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755697" title="Ebselen">
Ebselen

Ebselen or 2-phenyl-1, 2-benzisoselenazol-3(2H)-one (also called PZ 51 or DR3305), is a mimic of glutathione peroxidase and can also react with peroxynitrite. It is being investigated as a possible treatment for reperfusion injury and stroke, hearing loss and tinnitus, and bipolar disorder.
Ebselen is a potent scavenger of hydrogen peroxide as well as hydroperoxides including membrane bound phospholipid and cholesterylester hydroperoxides.

</doc>
<doc id="9755705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755705" title="Kumaraswamy Pulavar">
Kumaraswamy Pulavar

Chunnakam Kumaraswamy Pulavar () was a well known Sri Lankan Tamil scholar and poet from Maylani village in Chunnakam township in Jaffna peninsula in the British held Ceylon now known as Sri Lanka. He lived from 1854 to 1922. He along with other activists were instrumental in the revival of native traditions in Sri Lanka that had been long dormant during the previous 400 years of colonial rule by various European powers.
Early life.
Chunnakam Kumaraswamy Pulavar was born to Ampalavanar and Chithamparammai on January 18, 1854 as only son, among two daughters. When the Pulavar was 5, he started studying Tamil under Namasivaya Desikar and also started studying at Mallakam English School. At the age of 8 he started learning Tamil literature from Murukasu Panditar. Encouraged by Arumuga Navalar, a friend of his great uncle Muttukumara Kavirajar, Pulavar started learning Sanskrit literature from a close relative, Naganatha Panditar from the age of 9.
In 1878 Rao Bhahadur C. W. Thamotharampillai asked the Pulavar to teach at his Saivapracasa Tamil School at Elalai and 2 years later Pulavar was promoted to be the principal of the school.
He was there for 22 years and earned high recognition for his hard work. During this time Pulavar wrote a number of research papers on ancient Tamil literature. He also wrote and published several articles on greatness of Saiva religion to counter the insulting articles published by Christian clergy at that time in Jaffna and Tamil Nadu. In 1892 he married Chinnachiammai, daughter of Mylvahanam of Kantharodai / Uduvil.
Contributions.
When in 1896 Pulavar became a member of a committee, which was formed to oversee the reconstruction of the Naguleswaram temple in Kīrimalai which was destroyed by the Portuguese colonials in 1621, he also composed the Oonjel songs on Lord Shiva of Naguleswaram temple. In 1900 Jaffna Tamil Sangam was established by Kailasa Pillai, with the Pulavar as the chief examiner and member of the scholarly panel. In 1902 Pulavar was appointed as the head master of Arumuga Navalar’s Saivapirahasa Tamil School in Vannarpannai.
Eventually he gained much recognition for his eminence. In 1902 Madurai Tamil Sangam was established in Tamil Nadu by Zemeendar Panditurai Devar and Ramanathapuram King Rajarajeswara Sethupathi. Pulavar was one of the first Tamil scholars invited to be examiner of the panel of Tamil scholars, a position held by him for the next 20 years.
Pulavar contributed research articles regularly to journals and composed many poetic compositions and works in prose among which some are
"Tamil Pulavar Charithram" (History of Tamil poets), "Ilakkiya Sol Aharathy" (Dictionary of classical terms), "Neethi Neri Vilakkam" (An explanation of the judicial process), "Megathootha Karikai" and "Raguvamsa Charitha Amirtham" (Both religious works).
Besides the above, he also published some of the Tamil classics, with his explanatory notes and comments. He was also a Sanskrit scholar.
Pulavar died due to illness on March 9, 1922. He had two sons Ambalavanapillai & Muttukumaraswamipillai, who were also able scholars, and a daughter Visalachiyammai.
Kumaraswamy pulavar is well respected by people of Jaffna and Tamils all over for his scholarly attributes.
See also.
Other social reformers from Sri Lanka of the same period

</doc>
<doc id="9755713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755713" title="Gee Whiz">
Gee Whiz

Gee Whiz is the title of:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9755726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755726" title="Skoda M1909 machine gun">
Skoda M1909 machine gun

The Skoda M1909 is a Machine gun of Austro-Hungarian (Czech) origin and was manufactured by the Škoda Works in Plzeň. Although it was unable to compete with the more reliable Schwarzlose m/07, it was used in the same period, albeit mostly with reserve and home guard battalions within the Austro-Hungarian armed forces.
Overview.
The M1909 is a delayed-blowback water cooled belt fed medium machine gun, chambered in the 8x50mm R round. As with all delayed blowback operated mechanisms chambered for powerful cartridges it suffers from relatively poor performance compared to recoil operated guns such as the Maxim.

</doc>
<doc id="9755730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755730" title="International Students for Social Equality">
International Students for Social Equality

The International Students for Social Equality (ISSE) is the student organization of the Socialist Equality Party (SEP) and the International Committee of the Fourth International, an international Trotskyist organization. Launched in 2006, the ISSE aims to build an international socialist movement of students and workers opposing militarist violence, social inequality and attacks on democratic rights. The ISSE continues the work of its predecessor the Students for Social Equality, with student clubs at Universities and High Schools worldwide. 
Chapters of the ISSE hold regular meetings to educate students on Marxism and Socialism and to debate and discuss contemporary political issues. In February 2007 a German chapter of the ISSE held a meeting at the Technical University of Berlin to discuss the US war plans against Iran, and an Australian chapter of the ISSE intervened in meeting held at the University of New South Wales.
On March 31 and April 1, 2007, the ISSE and the SEP held an international conference in Ann Arbor, Michigan opposing the war in Iraq and a potential war with Iran. Those attending the conference voted unanimously for the conference resolution. The resolution adopted connects the expansion of US militarism, attacks on democratic rights, and the growth of social inequality within the US with the declining economic position of the US internationally. The resolution points to the capitalist nation-state system as the root cause of war and outlines the need for an international socialist movement to oppose war.
ISSE members have been invited as representatives of third party, independent or socialist perspectives on political panels, with ISSE members reaching news headlines during the recent "Occupy protests" in which students have been attacked or maced by police. The ISSE has also hosted academic or intellectual events that have received broader attention; in November 2010, the Berlin branch of the German ISSE hosted a public lecture by historian Alexander Rabinowitch, on the subject of The Russian Revolution suggesting renewed interest in the historical event.
The Sri Lankan ISSE has received attention from major papers in Sri Lanka for its organization of students, workers, and contributions to election campaigns. The Sri Lankan ISSE has sought to defend students' and workers' rights, and in so doing has opposed Tamil and Sinhalese ethnic divisions within the country.

</doc>
<doc id="9755758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755758" title="Victorian decorative arts">
Victorian decorative arts

Victorian decorative arts refers to the style of decorative arts during the Victorian era. Victorian design is widely viewed as having indulged in a grand excess of ornament. The Victorian era is known for its interpretation and eclectic revival of historic styles mixed with the introduction of middle east and Asian influences in furniture, fittings, and interior decoration. The Arts and Crafts movement, the aesthetic movement, Anglo-Japanese style, and Art Nouveau style have their beginnings in the late Victorian era.
Interior decoration and design.
Interior decoration and interior design of the Victorian era are noted for orderliness and ornamentation. A house from this period was idealistically divided in rooms, with public and private space carefully separated. The parlour was the most important room in a home and was the showcase for the homeowners where guests were entertained. A bare room was considered to be in poor taste, so every surface was filled with objects that reflected the owner's interests and aspirations. The dining room was the second-most important room in the house. The sideboard was most often the focal point of the dining room and very ornately decorated.
Walls and ceilings.
The choice of paint color on the walls in Victorian homes was said to be based on the use of the room. Hallways that were in the entry hall and the stair halls were painted a somber gray so as not to compete with the surrounding rooms. Most people marbleized the walls or the woodwork. Also on walls it was common to score into wet plaster to make it resemble blocks of stone. Finishes that were either marbleized or grained were frequently found on doors and woodwork. "Graining" was meant to imitate woods of higher quality that were more difficult to work. There were specific rules for interior color choice and placement. The theory of “harmony by analogy” was to use the colors that lay next to each other on the color wheel. And the second was the “harmony by contrast” that was to use the colors that were opposite of one another on the color wheel. There was a favored tripartite wall that included a dado or wainscoting at the bottom, a field in the middle and a frieze or cornice at the top. This was popular into the 20th century. Frederick Walton who created linoleum in 1863 created the process for embossing semi-liquid linseed oil, backed with waterproofed paper or canvas. It was called Lincrusta and was applied much like wallpaper. This process made it easy to then go over the oil and make it resemble wood, leather or different types of leather. On the ceilings that were 8–14 feet the color was tinted three shades lighter than the color that was on the walls and usually had a high quality of ornamentation because decorated ceilings were favored.
Furniture.
There was not one dominant style of furniture in the Victorian period. Designers rather used and modified many styles taken from various time periods in history like Gothic, Tudor, Elizabethan, English Rococo, Neoclassical and others. The Gothic and Rococo revival style were the most common styles to be seen in furniture during this time in history.
Wallpaper.
Wallpaper and wallcoverings became accessible for increasing numbers of householders with their wide range of designs and varying costs. This was due to the introduction of mass production techniques and the repeal in 1836 of the Wallpaper tax introduced in 1712.
Wallpaper was often made in elaborate floral patterns with primary colors (red, blue, and yellow) in the backgrounds and overprinted with colours of cream and tan. This was followed by Gothic art inspired papers in earth tones with stylized leaf and floral patterns. William Morris was one of the most influential designers of wallpaper and fabrics during the latter half of the Victorian period. Morris was inspired and used Medieval and Gothic tapestries in his work. Embossed paper were used on ceilings and friezes.

</doc>
<doc id="9755768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755768" title="Love Among the Walnuts">
Love Among the Walnuts

Love Among the Walnuts: or, How I Saved My Family from Being Poisoned is a children's book written by Jean Ferris. It was published in 1998 by Harcourt, and received positive reviews from "Publishers Weekly" and "School Library Journal".
This book is about a family (Horatio Alger Huntington-Ackerman, a successful businessman, who was rich but miserable until he moved to his new home which he named Eclipse; Mousey Huntington-Ackerman/Malone, who was a striving actress, has a squeaky, quiet voice and wide smile; Sandy (Alexander) Huntington, and the butler Bentley, and the butler's wife Flossie) living in the country with no neighbors except the crazy people at Walnut Manor. Their son named Sandy realized his parents are put suddenly into a coma along with his pet chicken and Flossie by his uncles with a poisoned cake. His uncles, Bart and Bernie, are trying to kill his parents and steal Horatio's fortune, because they were greedy men, who were jealous of their brother's success, and of Sandy, his father's heir. After caring for his parents in his own home at Eclpse, Sandy was told by Bart and Bernie that his parents and Flossie were to be put in a place where a doctor could watch over them. So, he decides to send them to the Walnut Manor. He meets a young nurse named Sunnie Stone, whom he has hired to help him care for his parents. Before he knows it he has fallen in love with her. Sandy also soon realizes that the inmates at Walnut Manor aren't as crazy as they are made out to be. And as Sandy and Bentley begin to spend more time at the Manor, the more murder attempts Bart and Bernie try against not only Sandy and his butler, but everyone in the Manor. So, not only do they have to worry about saving Sandy's parents but they also all have to fear for their own well-being.

</doc>
<doc id="9755774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755774" title="Park Avenue Line">
Park Avenue Line

Park Avenue Line can refer to the following transit lines:

</doc>
<doc id="9755791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755791" title="Plasmodium circularis">
Plasmodium circularis

Plasmodium circularis is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Sauramoeba". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. circularis" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Telford and Stein in 2000.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in Australia and infects the Australian skink "Egernia stokesii".
Clinical features and host pathology.
The immature schizonts encircle the host cell nuclei and form an unbroken ring from apparent fusion of the attenuated ends. 
Mature schizonts contract into halteridial or dumb bell-shaped forms 15.6 X 4.3 micrometres (length x width 66.2 µm^2) with 19-52 nuclei. 
Rounded or oval gametocytes are 9.0 x 7.3 µm. Length x width is 66.9 µm^2 and length divdided by width is 1.24. 
The gametocyte length x width is 2.63 times the host erythrocyte nucleus size and 1.79 the uninfected erythrocyte nucleus.

</doc>
<doc id="9755809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755809" title="Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil AOC">
Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil AOC

Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil is a French wine "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) in the Loire valley on the right bank of the River Loire. The AOC was created by a decree on July 31, 1937, covering about 800 hectares in the commune of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil in the département of Indre-et-Loire.
Saint Nicolas de Bourgueil's produces both red wine and rosé wines though rosés usually account for only about 2% of the production. The main variety of the AOC is Cabernet Franc (locally called "Breton"), which is allowed to be supplemented with up to 10% Cabernet Sauvignon.
These wines are renowned for being fruity, similar to those of the neighboring Bourgueil AOC, and well suited for pairing with a wide variety of dishes. 
History.
Located west of the city of Tours, the area of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil has seen viticulture since at least the days of the Romans. Though long overshadow by the neighboring communes of Bourgueil and Chinon across the Loire, the area earned a reputation for the quality of its red wine as early as he Middle Ages. According to local legend, the Cabernet Franc grape was introduced to area in 1090 when it was planted in the nearby Bourgueil Abbey. Like neighboring Bourgueil, the Bretons of Brittany were a significant customer for the wines of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil and by at least the 16th century the wine from the area was being described as "Breton wine".
When the "Institut national de l'origine et de la qualité" (INAO) was delineating AOC regions in 1937, the commune of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil was originally grouped with the communes of Bourgueil, Benais and Restigné under one Bourgueil AOC. But Adrien Ory, mayor of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil and one of the largest vineyard owners in the region campaigned for a separate AOC designation for the wines from his town despite the two AOCs having essentially identical "terroir" and producing similar wines. However at the time of AOC creation, the maximum allowable yields for Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil was slightly lower than for Bourgueil but subsequent revisions of AOC regulations has now made them completely the same for both AOCs.
Climates and geography.
Located on the north "right bank" of the Loire river in the Touraine wine, Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil experiences some of the maritime climate influences from the Atlantic that the neighboring AOCs in Anjou see but with some continental climate elements as well. The Vienne river reaches the Loire at Candes-Saint-Martin across from the AOC creating a large body of water with a resulting lake effect that tempers the climate.
The AOC boundaries of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil fall within the Bourgueil AOC, northwest of the commune of Bourgueil itself on terraces of silt deposits that border the Maine-et-Loire department and Anjou wine region. Centered around the commune of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil, the vineyard soils of the AOC are not much different than the greater Bourgueil region with the exception of a slightly higher sand/limestone content (known locally as "varennes"). About a third of the regions vineyards are planted on Turonian chalk, a type of limestone.
Viticulture and winemaking.
Like most of the Loire, the main red grape of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil is Cabernet franc (known locally as "Breton") with Cabernet Sauvignon accounting for an increasing amount of plantings. Vineyards are densely planted with 5000 grapevines per hectare. Both Cabernet varieties are usually trained to the "guyot simple" system with one long cane pruned to seven or eight buds each winter. Both grapes are late-ripening varieties that require a long growing season ideally ending with an Indian summer in order to achieve full ripeness. 
After harvest the grapes are destemmed and crushed with a short maceration period, often with the must warmed up to aid in extraction of color and phenolics before the wines are pressed and put into barrel. The wine almost always goes through malolactic fermentation. Some Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil producers with vineyards planted in lighter soils will produce an early maturing wine, with an even shorter maceration period and much less oak aging, that can be released as early as the summer after vintage while other examples will see 15 to 18 months of aging before being bottled.
Production and wine industry.
In 1998, Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil produced 53,572 hectoliters of wine (around 595,240 cases) from 929 hectares (approximately 2295 acres) of vineyards. By 2013, that number had expanded to 1,050 hectares (2,600 acres) producing around 59,000 hl (more than 655,500 cases) of wine of which 98% was red and 2% was rosé.
Many producers in Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil own vineyard land in both Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil as well as the greater Bourgueil region and will often blend to make one Bourgueil AOC bottling. Among the producers who make separate Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil and Bourgueil bottlings include Domaine Yannick Amirault which owns the "Les Malgagnes" vineyard that contains some of the oldest vines in Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil. Among the producers that usually just make Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil wine, Domaine Joël Taluau is often considered "the grandfather of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil" as they were one of the first producer in the area to do estate bottling.
Wines and AOC regulation.
According to Master of Wine Clive Coates, the wines of Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil are noted for a distinctive raspberry aroma that can also have elements of pencil shavings. Compared to Chinon, the wines tend to be slightly more austere with more noticeable acidity. While very similar, Coates notes that Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil can a little more aromatic and a bit lighter than neighboring Bourgueil.
Wine writer Tom Stevenson notes that Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil wines tend to have a little more "finesse" than Bourgueil, often requiring 5 to 6 years of aging after bottling before they are drinking at their peak and even then being able to age much longer. Stevenson describes the rosés as medium-bodied, dry and fruity.
For wines to be labelled under the Saint-Nicolas-de-Bourgueil AOC designation, the grapes must be limited to a harvest yield no greater than 55 hl/ha (approximately 3 tons/acre). The blend must be made primarily from Cabernet Franc with Cabernet Sauvignon limited to making up no more than 10% of the blend. The finished wine must contain at least 9.5% alcohol by volume.

</doc>
<doc id="9755822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755822" title="I'm from Rolling Stone">
I'm from Rolling Stone

"I'm from Rolling Stone" is a MTV reality television show directed by Norman Green. It began airing in January 2007 and was planned for ten episodes.
Six aspiring music journalists were given the summer internships in hopes of getting a contributing editor position at Rolling Stone magazine.
The contestants included six twenty-somethings that applied through a write-in contest: Krishtine de Leon is a local hip-hop magazine editor from San Francisco, CA; Peter Maiden, an Australian college student at UC Berkeley; Tika Milan, a lesbian poet and freelance journalist from Brooklyn; Russell Morse, a former juvenile delinquent turned reporter for a local San Francisco newspaper; Krystal Ann Simpson from Salinas with a love for classic rock; and Colin Stutz, a 20 year old University of Southern California student from Oregon.
Results.
In the last episode Jann Wenner, Joe Levy, and a team of senior editors individually reviewed all the contestants and their performance in the 2 months previous. Colin Stutz was perceived as a passionate person that looks like the rolling stone-type, however too "green" for a full-time position. Krystal Ann Simpson was the most enthusiastic about the idea for working at Rolling Stone, but was ultimately able to accomplish the least for the magazine. She was viewed as more attracted to the socialite, red carpet lifestyle, but uninterested in the actual work of being a music reporter. She was unable to produce any substance for the magazine, and was not considered as a viable candidate for the position. Russell Morse had the most raw talent as a writer, but was wildly irresponsible and showed no discipline as an employee. Failure to attend work regularly, tardiness, and disrespect for his superiors as well as interview subjects were cited as reasons for his exclusion. The editors felt that Peter Maiden was smart and enthusiastic, as well as a good employee but lacking journalistic experience. His failure to turn in professional caliber pieces worried the editors, but he was still noticed by Wenner, who considered giving him an additional internship. Krishtine was viewed arrogant in the beginning of the internship, but her knowledge of hip-hop was invaluable in the last four weeks. Tika Milan started very strong in the initial stages of the show, but it was perceived that she gave up towards the end, producing very little material and not aggressively pursuing stories.
Later it was revealed that the winner of the year-long contributing editor position was Krishtine de Leon. It was speculated that her extensive understanding of hip-hop music and culture and her ability to turn in usable, relevant material was what catapulted her over the top.
After "I'm From Rolling Stone".
Peter Maiden is now a video editor for Rolling Stone. He is also a bartender in New York. Tika Milan is a freelance writer for a new magazine called Dapper. Russell Morse returned to San Francisco and his position at New American Media. He now works as an Outreach Coordinator at a Youth Development Organization called The Door in Manhattan. Krystal Ann Simpson currently splits her time between Los Angeles and New York designing, modeling, and writing for her social commentary blog WhatisRealityAnyway.com. Colin Stutz returned to Los Angeles to complete his junior year at USC and work as the editorial assistant at Filter Magazine.
Viewership.
The show was plagued by low ratings, getting only 369,000 viewers for the premiere episode. To further exacerbate the problem, the show's time slot was also pushed back to 11 PM. The show was generally considered a flop due to very little promotion and its aim towards an older demographic, thus it was not renewed for a second season.

</doc>
<doc id="9755846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755846" title="Daniel Carcillo">
Daniel Carcillo

Daniel Carcillo (born January 28, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League (NHL). His on-ice reputation has led to him being nicknamed Carbomb.
Playing career.
Drafted 73rd overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft by the Pittsburgh Penguins, Carcillo was traded to the Phoenix Coyotes for Georges Laraque on February 27, 2007. During the 2007–08 regular season he had a league high 324 penalty minutes. He scored his first career hat trick on April 4, 2008. He was traded to the Philadelphia Flyers on March 4, 2009 for Scottie Upshall and a 2011 2nd round draft pick. Carcillo's first goal as a Flyer came in game 4 of the first round of the 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs against Pittsburgh.
Carcillo, along with Shawn Thornton of the Boston Bruins, was a part of the first fight in an outdoor NHL game, in the Bridgestone 2010 NHL Winter Classic. On the NBC broadcast a day earlier, Carcillo told Mike Emrick and Eddie Olczyk that he would be a part of the first Winter Classic fight. On April 18, 2010, Carcillo scored the game-winning goal in overtime against the New Jersey Devils, giving the Flyers a 2 games to 1 lead in the first round of the playoffs. He would also score two nights later in game 4, giving him 2 playoff goals, a new career high. He would finish the playoffs with only the previously mentioned 2 goals and 4 assists, tripling his point total from the previous playoff year, when he had one goal (game 4) and one assist (on Arron Asham's game 6 game-winning goal).
Carcillo signed a one-year contract with the Chicago Blackhawks on July 1, 2011. Carcillo's season came to an early end on January 2, 2012, in a game between the Blackhawks and the Edmonton Oilers. In that game, Carcillo was assessed a 5-minute major penalty and a game misconduct for boarding and attempting to injure Oilers defenceman Tom Gilbert. Both Carcillo and Gilbert were injured on the play, and Carcillo was suspended for 7 games. Carcillo, however, also suffered a torn left ACL, and was announced as out for the season on January 13 once his suspension ended, having surgery 4 days later. On March 12, 2012, Carcillo signed a two-year contract extension with the Blackhawks to play through the 2013-14 NHL season.
On June 24, 2013, Carcillo won his first Stanley Cup with the Blackhawks beating the Boston Bruins 3-2.
Carcillo was traded to the Los Angeles Kings on July 16, 2013 for a conditional sixth-round draft pick.
Carcillo was traded to the New York Rangers on January 4, 2014 for a conditional seventh-round draft pick in the 2014 NHL Draft. 
On May 23, 2014, Carcillo was automatically suspended 10 games during the 2014 Stanley Cup Playoffs for using physical force against a linesman while being escorted to the penalty box.
On June 3, 2014, Carcillo's suspension was reduced from 10 games to 6 games by NHL commissioner Gary Bettman.
Radio career.
Carcillo was the host of a music-focused 2011 radio program entitled "The Bomb Shelter" on WGN Radio 720 in Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="9755854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755854" title="Jeff West">
Jeff West

Jeffrey Harold West (born April 6, 1953 in Wheeling, West Virginia) is a former National Football League punter and tight end from (1975-1985) for three teams. He currently lives in Redmond, Washington with his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="9755860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755860" title="Sym">
Sym

Sym may refer to:
SYM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9755922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755922" title="Stephen Farrell (journalist)">
Stephen Farrell (journalist)

Stephen Farrell is a journalist who holds both Irish and British citizenship. Farrell began his career in the United Kingdom and worked for the "The Times" from 1995 to 2007 for whom he reported from Kosovo, India, Afghanistan and the Middle East, including Iraq. In 2007, he joined "The New York Times", and reported from the Middle East, Afghanistan and Libya. Since 2012, Farrell has been based in New York and has reported on domestic US news stories such as Hurricane Sandy.
Early career and "The Times".
Farrell studied English Language and Literature at Edinburgh University in Scotland before becoming a journalist on a London local newspaper, a news agency and then the now-defunct "Today" newspaper, for which he reported from Britain, Northern Ireland and the Balkans.
After Today ceased publication in 1995 he joined "The Times", working as a news reporter on stories such as the Dunblane school massacre in Scotland, the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, in Paris and the conflict in Kosovo. He became The Times’s South Asia correspondent in 2000, based in New Delhi and reporting from Afghanistan under Taliban rule, Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka and Myanmar. From 2001 to 2007 he was Middle East correspondent, covering the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and the 2003 invasion of Iraq and its aftermath.
In April 2004, while on assignment for "The Times", he was kidnapped by Sunni insurgents during the First Battle of Fallujah. He was freed unharmed after eight hours of captivity.
"The New York Times".
In July 2007, Farrell joined "The New York Times", initially as a correspondent in Baghdad, and later as a foreign correspondent reporting in print and video across the Middle East, including Libya, the Tahrir Square protests in Cairo and Jordan.
In 2007 he was part of the NYT team which won the Overseas Press Club of America award for best web coverage of international affairs, for the multimedia feature "Assessing the Surge: A Survey of Baghdad Neighborhoods".
From 2008, Farrell wrote the Baghdad Bureau blog which was renamed as "At War" in 2009 and expanded, becoming "a reported blog from Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq and other conflicts in the post-9/11 era". Farrell ran the At War blog from the field from 2009 until early 2012, when he handed over to editors based in New York.
On 5 September 2009, while Farrell and his interpreter Sultan Munadi were in a village south of Kunduz, Afghanistan, investigating reports of civilian casualties in a NATO strike on two fuel tankers that had been hijacked by the Taliban they were kidnapped. On 9 September, four days after the kidnap, a British army raid rescued Farrell. Corporal John Harrison, a British soldier from the 1st Battalion, The Parachute Regiment, Special Forces Support Group and Farrell's interpreter, Sultan Munadi were killed.
During his captivity, media organizations and Wikipedia imposed a news blackout on his kidnapping, similar to that which had taken place during the kidnapping of fellow "New York Times" journalist David Rohde a few months earlier, for fear that media attention would increase the risk to the captives.
Farrell was detained in Libya in March 2011. The New York Times reported on 18 March 2011 that Libya had agreed to free him and three colleagues: Anthony Shadid, Lynsey Addario and Tyler Hicks. Farrell was released on 21 March 2011, along with all of his colleagues.
Farrell was part of the NYT reporting and graphics team which won Society for News Design and Malofiej awards for "18 Days at the Center of Egypt's Revolution", a graphic map of the February 2011 Egyptian protests in Cairo's Tahrir Square. The map was updated throughout the demonstrations, which led to the fall of President Hosni Mubarak.
Farrell joined the NYT in New York in October 2012. He was a member of the NYT video journalism unit which won an online 2013 National Edward R. Murrow Award for its breaking news coverage of the impact of Hurricane Sandy on New York.
Other writing.
In March 2010 Farrell co-authored a history of Hamas, titled "Hamas: The Islamic Resistance Movement", with a British academic, Beverley Milton-Edwards.

</doc>
<doc id="9755938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755938" title="Kim Gu-yong">
Kim Gu-yong

Kim Gu-yong (김구용)', pen name of Kim Kku (February 5, 1922 to December 28, 2001), was a poet and calligrapher living in what is now South Korea. His poetry showed the spirit of Taoism but also reflected Buddhism. He was a graduate of Seongkyungwan University (1955) and later a professor at the same school.
Life.
Kim Guyong was born Kim Yeongtak on February 5, 1922, in Sangju, Gyeongsangbuk-do. During Japanese colonial occupation, Kim resided at various Buddhist temples, including the Donghaksa Temple, studying the Buddhist, Confucian, and Taoist classic texts. Following Liberation, Kim entered Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul, and graduated with a degree in Korean Literature. Kim made his official literary debut in 1949 while still a student, with the publication of "Night in the mountains" ("Sanjungya") and "Ode on a White Pagoda” ("Baegtapsong") in New World. Kim worked for the Hyundai Munhak Monthly and taught at Kyun Kwan University
Work.
During the period marked by the devastating aftermath of the Korean War, Kim Guyong was an artist who focused his poetic objective on the treatment of the postwar psychosocial and political upheaval, through the unique lens of the Buddhist religious tradition. In his poetry dating from the period, Kim utilizes the form of the prose poem, which eschews the internal breaks and divisions created by the lines and stanza of traditional verses. To maintain a poetic element within his work, Kim employed a poetic language rich in semantic possibility. In fact, the absence of rigid versification in his works ultimately serves to heighten the tension in this poetic language.
Kim’s poetic career witnessed a transition from the prose poem of the post-Korean War period to longer poems such as "Song in Praise of the Buddhist Goddess of Mercy" (Gwaneumchan), "Ideals of the Dream" (Kkumui isang), and "Six Songs" (Yukgok). These longer poems evince the poet’s desire to penetrate to the core of self-consciousness, though they possess as well a philosophical profundity otherwise difficult to effectively convey in shorter poetry. Though grounded in Buddhist thought, Kim’s poetry reveals the deep influence of Western surrealism in the development of the poet’s aesthetic. His concurrent borrowing from the prose form, however, suggests foremost the poet’s penchant for experimentation and desire to reinvent and reinvigorate traditional versification. Thus in both form and content, the poetry of Kim Guyong forged a new path in the development of modern Korean poetry.
Works in Korean.
Collections
Notable Poems

</doc>
<doc id="9755955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755955" title="Mūza Rubackytė">
Mūza Rubackytė

Mūza Rubackytė (born May 19, 1959) is a Lithuanian pianist, currently residing in Vilnius and Paris. Rubackytė has been awarded the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas, Lithuanian Muzes, and has been named as the National Artist of Lithuania.
She holds various teaching positions at a number of educational institutions, including the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theater in Vilnius, Conservatoire Rachmaninoff in Paris, Tchaikovsky Conservatory in Moscow, Messiaen Academy of Music in the Netherlands. She has also been a judge at the Lithuanian International Piano Competition and International F. Liszt Piano Competition (Utrecht).
A native of Lithuania, Mūza Rubackytė was born into a family of musicians. At the age of 7, she made her professional debut in the capital city of Vilnius performing Haydn's "D Major Piano Concerto" with the Lithuanian National Chamber Orchestra. Six years later, she won the first prize in the National Young Artists Competition. The victory opened the doors to the Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory, where she studied under Yakov Flier, Mikhail Voskressensky and Bela Davidovitch. During her conservatoire period, she won the first prize in the Tallinn (Estonia) Piano Competition and shortly thereafter was awarded the Conservatory's first prize in solo piano, chamber music and accompaniment.
During the Soviet period, Mūza Rubackytė was not allowed to travel outside the Communist Bloc but performed with orchestras of the Baltic states, Ukraine, Armenia, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and Belarus, as well as the great ensembles of Moscow, Vilnius and St. Petersburg. She has lived in Paris since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9755956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755956" title="Plasmodium cnemidophori">
Plasmodium cnemidophori

Plasmodium cnemidophori is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Sauramoeba".
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. cnemidophori" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are lizards. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Carini in 1941.
The schizonts and gametocytes caused hypertrophy and distortion of host cell and nucleus. The nucleus may be displaced. 
Pigment is not located in a distinct vacuole. 
The schizonts are usually polar in position, rounded in shape, and may produce over 100 merozoites. Large schizonts visibly enlarge the erythrocyte. Mature schizonts
measure 13.0 +/- 0.4 (range: 10-15) micrometres x 10.8 +/- 3 (range: 8-13) micrometres. 
The gametocytes are elongated and lateral in position. 
Mature microgametocytes measure 11.8 +/- 0.9 (range: 10-15) micrometres x 8.8 +/- 0.6 (range:7-10) micrometres.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in Venezuela, Brazil and Panama.
Clinical features and host pathology.
This species infects the lizards "Ameiva ameiva", and "Cnemidophorus lemniscatus lemniscatus".

</doc>
<doc id="9755974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755974" title="SM U-27 (Germany)">
SM U-27 (Germany)

SM "U-27" was a German Type "U-27" U-boat built for service in the Imperial German Navy. She was launched on 14 July 1913, and commissioned on 8 May 1914 with Kapitänleutnant Bernhard Wegener in command.
On 18 October 1914, the British submarine was torpedoed and sunk in the North Sea by "U-27". This was the first action in which one submarine sank another.
Fate.
On 19 August 1915, "U-27" was sunk in the Western Approaches in position by gunfire from Q-Ship HMS "Baralong", and her entire crew including Bernhard Wegener was killed in the so-called Baralong Incident.

</doc>
<doc id="9755987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9755987" title="Partners in Population and Development">
Partners in Population and Development

Partners in Population and Development (PPD) is an intergovernmental initiative created specifically for the purpose of expanding and improving South-to-South collaboration in the fields of reproductive health, population, and development. PPD was launched at the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development (ICPD), when ten developing countries from Asia, Africa and Latin America formed an intergovernmental alliance to help implement the Cairo Program of Action (POA). This POA, endorsed by 179 nations, stresses the need to establish mechanisms to promote development through the sharing of experiences in reproductive health (RH) and family planning (FP) within and among countries and to promote effective partnerships among the governments, Non- Governmental-Organizations (NGOs), research institutions and the private sector.
During the five-year review of the implementation of the POA (“Cairo+5”), representatives at the June 1999 Special Session of the United Nations General Assembly not only documented renewed commitment to the goals of the ICPD, but also encouraged intensified support of South- South Collaboration.
According to their website, the PPD is the "only organization in the world fully dedicated to South-South partnerships." 
Mission.
PPD an Intergovernmental Alliance of developing countries is committed to improving the quality of life of people through sustained advocacy, capacity building, networking, knowledge sharing and management and transfer of technology in the field of reproductive health, population and development within the framework of South-South Cooperation.
References.
About PPD
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9756008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756008" title="Malheur Lake">
Malheur Lake

Malheur Lake is one of the waterbodies in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Located about southeast of Burns, the lake is fed by the Donner und Blitzen River from the south and the Silvies River from the north. Malheur Lake periodically overflows into Mud Lake to the west and thence to Harney Lake, the sink of Harney Basin.
Geology.
Malheur Lake is a remnant of a much larger Pleistocene lake that drained east to the Malheur River, a tributary of the Snake River. The size of this ancient lake, which existed during a wetter climate, has been estimated at , with a maximum depth of . Its outlet was originally a channel near Princeton, but lava flows diverted the water to a gap near Crane. Much of the original lake bottom has since turned into desert or become meadows periodically watered by lake overflows. Mud Lake and Harney Lake are also remnants of the original pluvial lake.
The lakes as well as nearby marshes and playas are part of Harney Basin. The basin, a closed depression, covers , which makes it larger than the state of Connecticut.
Ecology.
Malheur Lake Basin redband trout.
Malheur and Harney lakes have reduced access by the Great Basin redband trout ("Oncorhynchus mykiss newberri") due to irrigation diversions, channelization, draining of marshlands and high alkalinities. An exotic carp population is present in Malheur Lake and has caused extreme habitat damage. As for Harney Lake, its been inhospitable to redband trout for many years due to high alkalinities. Today, redband trout in the Malheur Lakes Basin are widely distributed in small and medium size streams.
The redband trout is a unique subspecies adapted to the Malheur Lake Basin ecosystem. In these closed high desert basins, redband trout have evolved to survive in environments with vast extremes of both water flow and temperature. They are one of only eight separate desert basin populations of interior native redband trout. The Malheur Lakes redband comprises ten population groups in the closed interior basin of Harney and Malheur lakes. Historically, all streams were interconnected and these fish moved to the lakes and among population segments.
While not an officially designated threatened or endangered species, the redband Trout is recognized as important resource, and this law sets aside land in Oregon for protection and research of redband trout. The Steens Mountain Cooperative Management and Protection Act of 2000 (Public Law 106-399)

</doc>
<doc id="9756016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756016" title="Bryan Webb">
Bryan Webb

Bryan Webb (born 1977), sometimes credited as Bry Webb, is a Canadian singer and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist for the indie rock band Constantines. 
History.
Webb began his musical career playing in the emo band Shoulder in 1995, and later formed Constantines. 
In 2007 he recorded a cover of The Velvet Underground's "Oh! Sweet Nuthin'" as a duet with Casey Mecija of Ohbijou for the compilation album, "Friends in Bellwoods".
In 2009, Webb received a Genie Award nomination in the category Best Achievement in Music – Original Song for "Big Smoke", a song he wrote for the soundtrack to "This Beautiful City".
While living in Montreal, Webb formed the Harbourcoats and recorded an album. In 2009 Webb and his wife decided to start a family in Guelph. Feist heard the Harbourcoats album and invited him to duet on her album. Webb provided back-up vocals on her album "Metals", including the first track "The Bad in Each Other".
With the announced hiatus 12 August 2010 of the Constantines, Webb embraced his new role as a newlywed and father. His debut solo album "Provider" was released 15 November 2011 on Toronto label Idée Fixe Records. The first single, "Rivers of Gold", was inspired by the Constantines' first time playing the Dawson City Music Festival in the Yukon in 2005. On their second visit to the DCMF, they played their final concert together to date on July 16, 2010.
Webb is also the programming director for CFRU-FM, the campus radio station at the University of Guelph.
Webb contributed the song "Someplace I'm Supposed to Be" to the March 1, 2013 episode of "This American Life".

</doc>
<doc id="9756087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756087" title="Plasmodium floridense">
Plasmodium floridense

Plasmodium floridense is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Lacertaemoba". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. floridense" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are lizards. 
Description.
This species was described by Thompson and Huff in 1944.
Schizonts are 1.5 -2.0 times the size of the nucleus of an uninfected erythrocyte. They produce 8-24 merozoites. 
The gametocytes are of a similar size.
Geographical occurrence.
This organism is found in an area stretching continuously from the southern United States to Panama. It is also found in the Caribbean.
Clinical features and host pathology.
It infects lizards of the genera "Anolis" ("Anolis carolinensis","Anolis gundlachi" "Anolis sabanus", "Anolis sagrei") and "Sceloporus undulatus."
The prevalence of infection in "Anolis sagrei" in Florida is high (46%) but the median parasitaemia in infected hosts is low (0.3%).

</doc>
<doc id="9756093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756093" title="Mick Luckhurst">
Mick Luckhurst

Michael Christopher Wilbert "Mick" Luckhurst (born March 31, 1958) is a retired American football placekicker. One of the few British-born players in NFL history, he made his professional debut with the Atlanta Falcons in 1981, remaining with the team until the 1987 NFL season.
Luckhurst attended the University of California at Berkeley, where he starred in rugby as well as Football. He was a key player in leading the Bears to their first national collegiate rugby title in 1980. He also held the record for the longest field goal in California history for many years, a 54-yard boot against Oregon State in 1979.
Luckhurst retired as the team's all-time leading scorer with 558 points, which would be surpassed by Morton Andersen in 2000. He also scored a rushing touchdown on a fake field goal for the team in their 1982 playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings, the only rushing attempt of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="9756137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756137" title="Liborio Mejía">
Liborio Mejía

Liborio Mejía Gutiérrez (July 28, 1792 – September 3, 1816) was a Colombian colonel and politician during the struggle for Independence from Spain, and in 1816 Liborio Mejía became president of the United Provinces of the New Granada making him the youngest person to ever hold the presidency of Colombia at the age of 24. He was executed three months later during the Reconquista led by the Spaniard Pablo Morillo.
Early life.
Mejía, son of José Antonio Mejía y María Gutiérrez, was born on July 28, 1792, in Rio Negro, in the province of Antioquia, in the Viceroyalty of New Granada in what is now Colombia. He studied in the "Colegio Mayor de San Bartolomé" between 1808 and 1812 in Santafé de Bogotá. Upon his return to Medellín, he taught philosophy in the "Colegio Provincial", in what is now the University of Antioquia. He studied and worked with Francisco José de Caldas on the defense plans for Antioquia from the royalist’s Reconquista.
Since 1813 he got involved in the fight for independence, joining in the army assembled by the colonel José María Gutiérrez. In short time he was made colonel and put in charge of the garrison unit in Popayán.
Political and military life.
Facing the resignation of president José Fernández Madrid on June 22, 1816, the Permanent Commission of Congress, then assembled in Popayán, named in his place, general Custodio García Rovira as president of the United Provinces, and colonel Mejía as vice-president. Mejía, however, had to assume the Presidency with the dictatorship powers bestowed to the president by Congress, because García Rovira was unable to assume the presidency at the moment.
His presidency was short lived, he had only time to assemble a War Council in which it was decided to assemble a 600 manned army led by Mejía and head south and face the forces of Juan Sámano. Mejía faced Sámano in the Battle of Cuchilla del Tambo which culminated with the defeat of the patriots on June 29. Mejía escaped to La Plata where he ceded his presidential powers to Custodio García Rovira, thus assuming the vice presidency as first intended.
The Spanish army, this time at the command of Carlos Toirá, caught up to colonel Mejía in La Plata. The battle came to an end on July 10, 1816 resulting on the final defeat for Mejía and the Neogranadines. Mejía was able to escape but a few days later was captured and made prisoner.
Made prisoner of war, he was transferred to Bogotá, where on September 3, 1816, Mejía, was executed for treason under orders of Pablo Morillo and Juan Sámano, along with other founding fathers, who later became known collectively as the Martyrs of Independence. With the defeat of Mejía at Cuchilla del Tambo, the Reconquista was established. Mejía died at the age of 25, single and with no children.

</doc>
<doc id="9756141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756141" title="AN/SLQ-49 Chaff Buoy Decoy System">
AN/SLQ-49 Chaff Buoy Decoy System

The AN/SLQ-49 Chaff Buoy Decoy System, commonly referred to as "Rubber Duck", consists of inflatable radar-reflecting decoy buoys. Used by the U.S. Navy, Royal Navy, and other NATO countries, the decoy is designed to seduce radar-guided anti-ship missiles by simulating the radar cross section of a ship. When deployed, the system launches into the water two octahedron-shaped inflatable decoy floats, connected by a cable.
The AN/SLQ-49 has been in operation since 1985. Originally designed to confuse or distract enemy radar operators, it has demonstrated effective missile seduction capabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="9756145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756145" title="Margaret Spencer">
Margaret Spencer

Margaret (or Eleanor) Spencer (1472 – 1536) was the daughter of Sir Robert Spencer, of Spencercombe, in the English County of Devon, by his wife Lady Eleanor Beaufort, the daughter of Edmund Beaufort, 1st Duke of Somerset and Lady Eleanor Beauchamp.
In 1490, she was married to Sir Thomas Carey, of Chilton Foliat, in Wiltshire, son of Sir William Carey and Alice Furford. They had eight children: 

</doc>
<doc id="9756156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756156" title="Roxane Berard">
Roxane Berard

Roxane Berard (born January 21, 1933), is a Belgian-born actress who was the leading lady in various episodes of thirty-four different American television series between 1958 and 1967. One notable appearance was in 1964 when she played Ninette Rovel who murdered her husband Armand in the "Perry Mason" episode "The Case of the Fifty Millionth Frenchman." Berard had a gamine quality similar to fellow Belgian Audrey Hepburn's, with whom she was inevitably and continuously compared, especially since they resembled each other rather closely, and frequently worked with a French accent. The television series in which she was the focus of individual episodes included "Rawhide" (with Clint Eastwood), "Colt .45", "Maverick" (two appearances with James Garner and one apiece with Roger Moore and Jack Kelly), "77 Sunset Strip", "Zorro", "The Deputy" (with Allen Case), "Have Gun - Will Travel" (three episodes with Richard Boone), "Bronco", "Bourbon Street Beat", "Surfside Six", "Rawhide", "Perry Mason", and "Get Smart" (source: the Internet Movie Database). Berard is a San Diego-based mural painter.

</doc>
<doc id="9756169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756169" title="Same-sex marriage in Hawaii">
Same-sex marriage in Hawaii

Same-sex marriage in Hawaii became legal on December 2, 2013. The Hawaii State Legislature held a special session beginning October 28, 2013 and passed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage. Governor Neil Abercrombie signed the Hawaii Marriage Equality Act (also known as Hawaii Senate Bill 1) on November 13, and same-sex couples began marrying on December 2, 2013.
In addition to marriage, Hawaii also allows both same-sex and opposite-sex couples to formalize their relationships legally in the form of civil unions and reciprocal beneficiary relationships. Civil unions provide the same rights, benefits, and obligations of marriage at the state level, while reciprocal beneficiary relationships provide only a limited set of rights. Same-sex marriage was previously not allowed under state law, and lawful out-of-state same-sex marriages were considered civil unions in Hawaii.
Legal history.
"Baehr" case (1991–1999).
"Baehr v. Miike" (originally "Baehr v. Lewin") was a case decided by the Supreme Court of Hawaii, which found the state's refusal to grant same-sex couples marriage licenses discriminatory. In 1991, three same-sex couples sued Hawaii Director of Health John C. Lewin in his official capacity, seeking to force the state to issue them marriage licenses. After the case was dismissed by the trial court the couples appealed to the state supreme court. In the plurality opinion delivered by Judge Steven H. Levinson in 1993, the court ruled that while the right to privacy in the Hawaii state constitution does not include a fundamental right to same-sex marriage, denying marriage to same-sex couples constituted discrimination based on sex in violation of the right to equal protection guaranteed by the state's constitution. The court remanded the case to the trial court, instructing that "in accordance with the 'strict scrutiny' standard, the burden will rest on Lewin to overcome the presumption that HRS § 572-1 state's marriage statute is unconstitutional by demonstrating that it furthers compelling state interests and is narrowly drawn to avoid unnecessary abridgments of constitutional rights."
In 1996 Judge Kevin K.S. Chang ruled that the state did not meet its evidentiary burden. It did not prove that the state had a compelling interest in denying marriage licenses to same-sex couples and even assuming that it had it had not proven that HRS § 572-1 was narrowly tailored to avoid unnecessary abridgement of constitutional rights. He enjoined the state from refusing to issue marriage licenses to otherwise-qualified same-sex couples. The following day Chang stayed his ruling, acknowledging the "legally untenable" position couples would be in should the Hawaii Supreme Court reverse him on appeal.
On December 9, 1999, the Hawaii Supreme Court, following the passage of a constitutional amendment empowering the Hawaii State Legislature to limit marriage to mixed-sex couples, ruled that "The passage of the marriage amendment placed HRS § 572-1 on new footing. The marriage amendment validated HRS § 572-1 by taking the statute out of the ambit of the equal protection clause of the Hawai'i Constitution, at least insofar as the statute, both on its face and as applied, purported to limit access to the marital status to opposite-sex couples. Accordingly, whether or not in the past it was violative of the equal protection clause in the foregoing respect, HRS § 572-1 no longer is. In light of the marriage amendment, HRS § 572-1 must be given full force and effect." Because the remedy sought by the plaintiffs – access to marriage licenses – was no longer available, this reversed Chang's ruling and remanded the case for entry of judgment in favor of the defendant.
Constitutional Amendment 2 (1998).
Following a 1993 decision by the Hawaii State Supreme Court that found the state's refusal to grant same-sex couples marriage licenses discriminatory, voters in 1998 approved a constitutional amendment granting the Hawaii State Legislature the power to reserve marriage to opposite-sex couples, which made it impossible to challenge the state's ban on same-sex marriage. The state had enacted a statute defining marriage as an institution for "one man and one woman" in 1994, following the first state court decision that questioned the state's denial of marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
Civil unions (2009-2011).
Bills creating civil unions were considered several times, but failed to receive approval in legislative committees before 2009. In 2010, Hawaii House Bill 444 (HB 444), which would have created civil unions for same-sex and opposite-sex couples, passed the Hawaii House of Representatives and the Hawaii Senate. Governor Linda Lingle vetoed it in July 2010.
Following Governor Linda Lingle's veto of the 2009 civil union bill, the American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal filed "Young v. Lingle" on behalf of six same-sex couples. The suit, while acknowledging that the state has the constitutional authority to limit marriage to opposite-sex couples, asserts that the state constitution still mandates that same-sex couples be accorded equal treatment. The suit was withdrawn on March 31, 2011.
A bill substantively similar to HB 444, Senate Bill 232, was passed on January 26, 2011, by the Senate Judiciary and Labor Committee in a 3-2 vote, and was passed by the full Senate 19-6 on January 28; a modification to the bill was then made in the House of Representatives before passage on February 11 by a vote of 31-19. The Senate passed the revised bill on February 16, and Governor Neil Abercrombie signed it into law on February 23. Civil unions began on January 1, 2012.
417 couples obtained a civil union in the first six months after the law went into effect. Low participation may be the result of technical issues that surround the conversion of a reciprocal beneficiary relationship to a civil union. A bill correcting the transitional issues was signed into law on July 6, 2012. At the end of 2012, over 700 couples had established civil unions. Since Hawaii enacted same-sex marriage in November 2013, civil unions remain an option for both opposite-sex and same-sex couples to access, making Hawaii one of only three states (Illinois and New Jersey being the other two; California and the District of Columbia which legally recognize same sex marriages both also allow same sex domestic partnerships providing many of the benefits of marriage) to allow for this practice.
"Jackson" case (2012-2014).
On December 7, 2011, a same-sex couple filed suit in U.S. district court to obtain marriage licenses in Hawaii, which at that time denied licenses to such couples. The state's denial was based on its Marriage Laws: Article 1 § 23 of the Hawaii Constitution, which leaves any decision on same-sex marriage to the state legislature, along with (now repealed) Hawaii Statute § 572-1, which defined marriage only "between a man and a woman." The initial suit was styled "Jackson v. Abercrombie", after first-named-plaintiff Natasha Jackson and first-named-defendant Hawaii Governor Neil Abercrombie. On January 27, 2012, an amended complaint was filed, adding plaintiff Gary Bradley, one partner in a same-sex civil union, who was ultimately seeking marriage but thought it futile to apply. The plaintiffs argued that the Marriage Laws violated the Due Process Clause and Equal Protection Clause of the U.S. Constitution as applied to them. As Governor Abercrombie agreed with the plaintiffs that the ban violated both clauses of the U.S. Constitution, the state's Director of Health, Loretta Fuddy, was allowed to defend the ban.
Order in "Jackson v. Abercrombie".
In an order issued on August 8, 2012, U.S. District Court Judge Alan Kay rejected the plaintiffs' claims and granted defendants' motion for summary judgment. This had the effect of upholding Hawaii's ban on same-sex marriage. In doing so, Judge Kay's ruling became the first court decision to cite the "New Family Structure" research of Mark Regnerus, which research has been discredited by the American Sociological Society.
Appeal as "Jackson v. Fuddy".
The plaintiffs in "Jackson" appealed Judge Kay's ruling to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. Since Governor Abercrombie decided not to defend the lawsuit, that responsibility fell on Director of Health Fuddy; on appeal the case was restyled as "Jackson v. Fuddy" and docketed as No. 12-16995 (for plaintiff Jackson) and No. 12-16998 (for plaintiff Bradley). The appeal was initially scheduled to be heard on a parallel track with a similar Nevada case before the same court, "Sevcik v. Sandoval", No. 12-17668. Both cases were placed on hold, pending Supreme Court decisions in two other same-sex marriage cases, "Perry" and "Windsor". The Supreme Court cases have been resolved on June 26, 2013, and on November 13, 2013, Hawaii enacted same-sex marriage legislatively through the Hawaii Marriage Equality Act. This former action allows "Jackson" to be resolved, but the latter action possibly makes matters moot, as plaintiffs are able to marry without court action.
On February 12, 2014, the Ninth Circuit issued an order vacating the previous order scheduling the "Jackson" and "Sevcik" cases together.
Same-sex marriage legislation (2013).
In January 2013, a bill to legalize same-sex marriage in the state was brought before the legislature, but the bill died without legislative action. By September, after both the U.S. Supreme Court decisions in "United States v. Windsor" and "Hollingsworth v. Perry", as well months of negotiations within the Senate and House Democratic caucuses and with leaders of both chambers of the Legislature, Abercrombie called forth a special session for October 28, with the promise of signing the bill, and the chamber leaderships were confident in having the necessary majority for passage.
The state Senate passed the marriage bill on October 30 by a vote of 20–4, and the House followed by a 30–19 vote on November 8, though not before an extensive 'citizens filibuster' attempt to block the bill's progress. The bill returned to the Senate for approval of House amendments which expanded religious exemptions and the Senate provided final legislative approval on November 12, voting 19–4 for passage to the desk of the Governor. Governor Neil Abercrombie signed the bill on November 13, and same-sex couples began marrying on December 2, 2013. 526 same-sex couples applied for marriage licenses in the first two weeks after the law went into effect.
Hawaii Circuit Court Judge Karl Sakamoto heard a legal challenge to the marriage bill filed by a member of the Legislature, Representative Bob McDermott, who contended that the 1998 constitutional amendment prohibited the Legislature from allowing same-sex marriage. The lawsuit sought to prevent any government official from issuing a marriage license until the question of constitutionality was decided. On November 14, Judge Sakamoto ruled that the constitutional amendment in question did not force the Legislature to define marriage as between one man and one woman. Sakamoto definitively stated in response to the argument that the Hawaii State Legislature had only been given the power to reserve marriage for opposite-sex couples if it chose to do so, that "after all the legal complexity of the court's analysis, the court will conclude that same-sex marriage in Hawaii is legal." The state filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit, which was granted on January 29, 2014.
Economic impact of allowing same-sex marriage in Hawaii.
A June 2010 study conducted by UCLA indicated that same-sex couples would spend between $4.2 and $9.5 million on their wedding celebrations, if allowed to marry in Hawaii. Out-of-state guests would spend an additional $17.8 to $40.3 million, which would in turn create 193 to 333 new jobs in Hawaii primarily in the events and travel industries. The figures in the study are estimated based on a four-year period.
A July 2013 study conducted by the University of Hawaiʻi estimated an additional $217 million in visitor spending over the following three years if Hawaii legalized same-sex marriage.
Public opinion.
Public Policy Polling surveyed 568 Hawaii voters from October 13 to 16, 2011, and found that when given a choice between letting same-sex couples marry or not, a plurality of 49 percent wanted same-sex marriage to be legal. Given the option of supporting civil unions, same-sex marriage won 40 percent support and civil unions gained 37 percent support.
A January 2013 Honolulu Civil Beat poll found that 55% of Hawaii voters were in favor of same sex marriage, while 37% were opposed.
An August 2013 QMark Research poll found that 54% of Hawaii residents were in favor of same-sex marriage, while 31% were against.

</doc>
<doc id="9756269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756269" title="Plectron">
Plectron

A Plectron is a specialized VHF/UHF single-channel, emergency alerting radio receiver, used to activate emergency response personnel, and disaster warning systems. Manufactured from the late 1950s, through the late 1990s, by the now defunct Plectron Corporation in Overton, Nebraska, hundreds of thousands of these radios were placed in homes of first responders across all of North America. This included ambulance crews, full-time and volunteer firefighters, off-duty specialized police response teams, Civil Defense members, and search and rescue teams.
A Plectron's main feature (distinguishing it from a regular squelched radio) was its selective de-squelching. It would only sound when a correct pair of tones were broadcast - allowing many agencies (with different tones) to share the same frequency.Some Plectron Models had a set of "Built-in Re-chargeable Batteries", for this made the Plectron Portable. The Motorola MINITOR pager also uses this function and has largely replaced the Plectron.

</doc>
<doc id="9756275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756275" title="H. A. Guerber">
H. A. Guerber

Hélène Adeline Guerber (1859–1929), better known as H.A. Guerber, was a British historian most well known for her written histories of Germanic mythology.
Her most well known work is ": From the Eddas and Sagas" (George G. Harrap and Co. Ltd., London, 1908).
Other histories by Guerber include "The Myths of Greece & Rome" (London, George G Harrap & Co, 1908), "Legends of the Rhine" (A.S. Barnes & Co., New York, 1895; new edition 1905), "Stories of the Wagner Opera", "The Book of the Epic", "The Story of the Ancient World", "The Story of the Greeks", "The Story of the Romans", "Legends of the Middle Ages", "The Story of the Renaissance and Reformation", "The Story of the Thirteen Colonies", and "The Story of the Great Republic".

</doc>
<doc id="9756277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756277" title="SYC Ensemble Singers">
SYC Ensemble Singers

The Singapore Youth Choir (SYC) Ensemble Singers (previously known as the Singapore Youth Choir) is a distinguished choral group in Singapore formed in 1964.
The SYC Ensemble Singers is currently led by Jennifer Tham, a leading choral instructor in Singapore.
History.
The Singapore Youth Choir (SYC) was formed in 1964, and was first named the Combined Schools Choir. It was set up by Benjamin Khoo, a Senior Specialist Inspector with the Ministry of Education, and David Lim, who was then a visiting music teacher working under Khoo’s guidance. The choir was first conducted by Khoo from 1964 to 1970, and later by Lim from 1970 to 1989. The choir was also conducted by Lim Yau from 1982 to 1983, and has been conducted by Jennifer Tham, also a choral instructor with few secondary schools and junior colleges in Singapore, since 1989. In 2004, coinciding with its 40th anniversary, the choir was renamed the SYC Ensemble Singers. 
Work in Singapore.
In 1997, the SYC was a recipient of the President’s Charity Award (for service to the State and community). In 2000, the SYC was the recording choir for the re-orchestration of the national anthem, Majulah Singapura, arranged by Phoon Yew Tien. In the same year, it was presented the Excellence for Singapore Award by the Singapore Totalisator Board. Additionally, the SYC has also been the recording choir for Singapore’s national day parades, first in 1989 and most recently in 2007. 
Participation in international festivals and competitions.
In 1972, the SYC was the first choir in Singapore to participate in an overseas competition, the Tees-side International Eisteddfod in Middlesbrough, England. Notably, in 1974, it became the first Singaporean choir to win at the Llangollen Eisteddfod, with a first-placing in the Youth Choirs section. More recently, the SYC Ensemble Singers topped the contemporary music category of the 58th Concorso Polifonico Internazionale in Arezzo, Italy, and won top prizes at the 7th International Choir Festival Mundus Cantat Sopot, in Poland. Most recently, the Choir participated in the choral festival Europa Cantat 2012 in Turin, Italy, where it premiered several festival commissions and participated in ateliers. 
Collaboration.
The Choir has worked extensively with choirs, conductors and composers from all over the world. Collaborations have taken the form of an active commissioning program, workshops and concerts with guest conductors, and joint concerts with other choirs — notably, with the Ateneo Chamber Singers (the Philippines) and the Gaia Philharmonic Choir (Japan) in the "Three" series of concerts.
"Three - A Festival of 3 Asian Choirs".
On 4 December 2006, the SYC Ensemble Singers, together with the Ateneo Chamber Singers (the Philippines) and the Gaia Philharmonic Choir (Japan), launched the series of concerts with the first installation of "Three" in Singapore. This was followed by "Three Vol. 2 Asian Sound" (2009) held in Tokyo Metropolitan Art Space, "Tatlo: A Choral Celebration" (2011) held in Cultural Center of the Philippines, Manila, and "Three In Sapporo: Songs from the South" (2013) held at the Kitara Concert Hall, Sapporo, Japan. The next concert in this series will take place in 2014, to be held in conjunction with the Choir's 50th anniversary celebrations. 

</doc>
<doc id="9756301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756301" title="Miss Woodford Stakes">
Miss Woodford Stakes

The Miss Woodford Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run each year in August at Monmouth Park Racetrack in Oceanport, New Jersey open to three-year-old fillies. An ungraded stakes currently offering a purse of $200,000, it is a sprint race contested over a distance of six furlongs on the dirt.
Added to Monmouth Park's stakes schedule in 1952, the race is named for the great racing mare Miss Woodford of the late 19th century who was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1967. It was at Monmouth in the old Monmouth Oaks that Miss Woodford ran the race that made her the highest earning racehorse of her time. Fellow U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductees Tosmah (1964) and Ta Wee (1969) won this race. 
The Miss Woodford stakes was run in two divisions in 1967 and again in 1986.
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="9756307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756307" title="Anima Animus">
Anima Animus

Anima Animus is the third album to be released by British duo The Creatures (aka singer Siouxsie Sioux and drummer Budgie). The title of the album was inspired by Carl Jung's concept of transgender (the woman inside the man, the man inside the woman). The album was released in 1999.
PJ Harvey selected "Anima Animus" as one of her Top 10 Albums of 1999.
Critical reception.
This album was well received by critics. "The Times" gave it 8/10 and wrote: "Siouxsie, has rarely been in better voice. The opening track, "2nd Floor" is a fantastically knowing melodrama, riding a techno pulse, while the ominous, epic Exterminating Angel pursues its prey in lamplit streets. It's entrancing, hypnotic and inventive". "The Sunday Times" also praised and presented it in these glowing terms: "Siouxsie's voice has lost none of its ability to seduce and unsettle. The sound is percussive, defined by Budgie's supple rhythm work. Exterminating Angel is exquisitely menacing, while the sinuous Another Planet grows to a shuddering climax." "Uncut" gave the album 4/5 and Chris Roberts said: "Sioux's always been at her best as a harsh declaimer, PJ Harvey on steroids, but there are phases where she whispers, breathes, reaches for vulnerability", before concluding "The Creatures have jettisoned comfort and are phoning home from a new end zone. Anima Animus crackles."
History.
The original title of the album was "Gifthorse", then "Mount Venus", before the duo changed their minds to finally opt for "Anima Animus". The first single "Second Floor" was issued in late 1998, shortly after the four-track EP, "Eraser Cut". Another single, "Say", featured two unreleased B-sides, the acoustic "Broken" and the atmospheric "All She Could Ask For". The latter song opened their 1999 concerts. All of this material was later included on the "U.S. Retrace" compilation.

</doc>
<doc id="9756318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756318" title="1649 in England">
1649 in England

Events from the year 1649 in England.
Incumbents.
Monarch – King Charles I (to 30 January); Interregnum

</doc>
<doc id="9756326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756326" title="Müller Wiseman Dairies">
Müller Wiseman Dairies

Müller Wiseman Dairies (formerly Robert Wiseman Dairies) is one of the largest milk suppliers and distributors in Great Britain. It is part of the Müller UK & Ireland Group that employs over 4,000 people. They have six major dairies (in Aberdeen, East Kilbride, Glasgow, Manchester, Droitwich Spa and Bridgwater). The company also produces cream, orange juice and more recently butter.
It supplies around 30 per cent of Britain's fresh milk and has Britain's biggest fresh milk distribution network. Müller-Wiseman Dairies supply several large grocery retailers.
History.
Müller Wiseman Dairies was founded in 1947 by Robert Wiseman. It started off as a small family farm in East Kilbride that carried out doorstep deliveries using a horse and cart. 
Alan Wiseman joined the business straight from school in 1967 and worked his way up to become Chairman. Eight years later Robert Wiseman Junior became Managing Director.
In 1988 the company built a bespoke dairy in Bellshill, Glasgow. This dairy was designed for supermarket supplies and quickly gained contracts from some of the larger retailers. Having achieved success within Scotland, the Directors were determined to continue expanding the business and saw an opportunity to repeat what had been achieve in Scotland by establishing a production base in the North of England. 
Robert Wiseman Dairies was listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1994. In the same year the government abolished the Milk Marketing Boards across the UK allowing dairy farmers to sell their milk to whoever they choose. At this time Wiseman created the Wiseman Milk Partnership, a group of farmers contracted to supply their milk direct to Robert Wiseman Dairies.
The company opened a dairy in Droitwich Spa in 2001 which at the time was the biggest in Europe and has a maximum capacity to process 650 million litres per year.
2006 saw the acquisition of the Milk Link liquid milk business which meant the company stretched from Keith in the North of Scotland to Cornwall in the South of England. 
In 2008 Robert Wiseman Dairies opened a dairy in Bridgwater which is considered to be Britain’s most efficient and environmentally advanced fresh milk dairy. 
In January 2012 the company agreed to a take over by the German dairy company Müller and was returned to private ownership. The business then became known as Müller Wiseman Dairies and is part of the Müller UK & Ireland Group.
Carl Ravenhall was appointed Managing Director of Müller Wiseman Dairies in March 2013. 
Products.
Müller Wiseman Dairies is the home of some the UK’s most recognisable fresh milk brands including the country’s first semi-skimmed milk, fresh’n’lo, Puriti with its extended shelf life and The One - all the flavour of semi-skimmed but with 1% fat. 
The most recognised brand is the iconic Müller Wiseman Black and White brand milk and there are six regional labels currently in the portfolio: Grampian, Milk from Scotland, West Country, Cornish, Milk from Wales and more recently milk from the Northern Dairy. 
Milk is not the only product in their portfolio, they process and distribute double, whipping, single and clotted cream along with orange juice.
A recent addition to the Müller Wiseman Dairies portfolio is the UK’s largest butter plant based at Market Drayton. The £17million plant was officially opened on the 6th December 2013 by Herr Theo Müller Snr and Rt Hon Owen Paterson MP for North Shropshire and Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. The plant is capable of producing 45,000 tonnes of salted, unsalted and lactic butter make with cream from British dairy farms.
Operations.
In July 2013 the company announced the closure of its Keith and Whitburn depots because of a significant reduction in the number of delivery runs from each site. 
In October 2013 Müller Wiseman Dairies’ state of the art Droitwich dairy, one of the biggest in their portfolio, was damaged by a fire. Despite immediate shut down of operations at the business’ largest fresh milk dairy, the company maintained supplies of fresh milk to its customers by increasing production at other sites and the co-operation with other dairy suppliers. 

</doc>
<doc id="9756329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756329" title="Insulin glulisine">
Insulin glulisine

Insulin glulisine is a rapid-acting insulin analogue that differs from human insulin in that the amino acid asparagine at position B3 is replaced by lysine and the lysine in position B29 is replaced by glutamic acid. It was developed by Sanofi-Aventis and sold under the trade name Apidra. When injected subcutaneously, it appears in the blood earlier than human insulin. When used as a meal time insulin, the dose is given within 15 minutes before a meal or within 20 minutes after starting a meal. Intravenous injections may also be used for extreme hyperglycemia, but must be performed under the supervision of a medical professional.

</doc>
<doc id="9756340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756340" title="Ilych River">
Ilych River

Ilych River () is a river in Komi Republic in northwest Russia. It drains part of the northern Ural Mountains westward into the upper Pechora River. The length of the river is 411 km. The area of its basin is 16,000 km². The Ilych freezes up in early November and stays icebound until late April. Its main tributaries are the Kogel and Palyu Rivers. The Pechora-Ilych Nature Reserve lies along the left bank of the Ilych River.

</doc>
<doc id="9756342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756342" title="Al Markh">
Al Markh

Al Markh () is one of the oldest and smallest villages of Bahrain. It neighbors Budaiya highway and the village of Duraz to the north, Saar and Magaba highway to the east, the villages of Bani Jamra and Al Garya to the west, and the village of Saar to the south. 
Etymology.
Some historians say the village was named after a bedouin called Al Markh who settled in the village with his family due to it being uninhabited and good for farming, while others say that it is the name of a tree that was burned to warm up people thousands of years ago.
History.
Al Markh is the site of the Dilmun era "Abu Alyawa" spring. Al Markh, along with neighbouring villages Bani Jamra and Duraz, was a traditional centre for canvas-making and sail making.
Population.
The population of Al Markh is about 1000, most of whom are sadah, and belong to the Al Musawi family.
Sister site.
Al Markh is also the name of a low sand-covered mound located in the south-west of Bahrain, 6 km south of the village of Zallaq and 1,200 m from the sea. In 1975, a British archaeology team led by Michael Roaf excavated the Al Markh mound, after sherds belonging to the Ubaid era were found in 1971. The expedition resulted in the discovery of 6,896 pieces of flint, mainly in the form of scrapers. Evidence was also obtained from the site that showed that the sea level of Bahrain during the late Neolithic era was much higher than present-day levels by as much as 4 m with some speculating that Al Markh was itself an islet. Potteries found on the site were dated to 3,800 BC. It is assumed by archaeologists that the site did not host permanent settlements but rather, it was occupied seasonally by fishermen and hunters.
The site showed two phases of occupation:

</doc>
<doc id="9756354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756354" title="ChIP-on-chip">
ChIP-on-chip

ChIP-on-chip (also known as ChIP-chip) is a technology that combines chromatin immunoprecipitation (""ChIP"") with DNA microarray (""chip""). Like regular ChIP, ChIP-on-chip is used to investigate interactions between proteins and DNA "in vivo". Specifically, it allows the identification of the cistrome, sum of binding sites, for DNA-binding proteins on a genome-wide basis. Whole-genome analysis can be performed to determine the locations of binding sites for almost any protein of interest. As the name of the technique suggests, such proteins are generally those operating in the context of chromatin. The most prominent representatives of this class are transcription factors, replication-related proteins, like ORC, histones, their variants, and histone modifications.
The goal of ChIP-on-chip is to locate protein binding sites that may help identify functional elements in the genome. For example, in the case of a transcription factor as a protein of interest, one can determine its transcription factor binding sites throughout the genome. Other proteins allow the identification of promoter regions, enhancers, repressors and silencing elements, insulators, boundary elements, and sequences that control DNA replication. If histones are subject of interest, it is believed that the distribution of modifications and their localizations may offer new insights into the mechanisms of regulation.
One of the long-term goals ChIP-on-chip was designed for is to establish a catalogue of (selected) organisms that lists all protein-DNA interactions under various physiological conditions. This knowledge would ultimately help in the understanding of the machinery behind gene regulation, cell proliferation, and disease progression. Hence, ChIP-on-chip offers not only huge potential to complement our knowledge about the orchestration of the genome on the nucleotide level, but also on higher levels of information and regulation as it is propagated by research on epigenetics.
__TOC__
Technological platforms.
The technical platforms to conduct ChIP-on-chip experiments are DNA microarrays, or ""chips"". They can be classified and distinguished according to various characteristics:
Besides the actual microarray, other hard- and software equipment is necessary to run ChIP-on-chip experiments. It is generally the case that one company’s microarrays can not be analyzed by another company’s processing hardware. Hence, buying an array requires also buying the associated workflow equipment. The most important elements are, among others, hybridization ovens, chip scanners, and software packages for subsequent numerical analysis of the raw data.
Workflow of a ChIP-on-chip experiment.
Starting with a biological question, a ChIP-on-chip experiment can be divided into three major steps: The first is to set up and design the experiment by selecting the appropriate array and probe type. Second, the actual experiment is performed in the wet-lab. Last, during the dry-lab portion of the cycle, gathered data are analyzed to either answer the initial question or lead to new questions so that the cycle can start again.
Strengths and Weaknesses.
Using tiled arrays, ChIP-on-chip allows for high resolution of genome-wide maps. These maps can determine the binding sites of many DNA-binding proteins like transcription factors and also chromatin modifications.
Although ChIP-on-chip can be a powerful technique in the area of genomics, it is very expensive. Most published studies using ChIP-on-chip repeat their experiments at least three times to ensure biologically meaningful maps. The cost of the DNA microarrays is often a limiting factor to whether a laboratory should proceed with a ChIP-on-chip experiment. Another limitation is the size of DNA fragments that can be achieved. Most ChIP-on-chip protocols utilize sonication as a method of breaking up DNA into small pieces. However, sonication is limited to a minimal fragment size of 200 bp. For higher resolution maps, this limitation should be overcome to achieve smaller fragments, preferably to single nucleosome resolution. As mentioned previously, the statistical analysis of the huge amount of data generated from arrays is a challenge and normalization procedures should aim to minimize artifacts and determine what is really biologically significant. So far, application to mammalian genomes has been a major limitation, for example, due to the significant percentage of the genome that is occupied by repeats. However, as ChIP-on-chip technology advances, high resolution whole mammalian genome maps should become achievable.
Antibodies used for ChIP-on-chip can be an important limiting factor. ChIP-on-chip requires highly specific antibodies that must recognize its epitope in free solution and also under fixed conditions. If it is demonstrated to successfully immunoprecipitate cross-linked chromatin, it is termed "ChIP-grade". Companies that provide ChIP-grade antibodies include Abcam, Cell Signaling Technology, Santa Cruz, and Upstate. To overcome the problem of specificity, the protein of interest can be fused to a tag like FLAG or HA that are recognized by antibodies. An alternative to ChIP-on-chip that does not require antibodies is DamID.
Also available are antibodies against a specific histone modification like H3 tri methyl K4. As mentioned before, the combination of these antibodies and ChIP-on-chip has become extremely powerful in determining whole genome analysis of histone modification patterns and will contribute tremendously to our understanding of the histone code and epigenetics.
A study demonstrating the non-specific nature of DNA binding proteins has been published in PLoS Biology. This indicates that alternate confirmation of functional relevancy is a necessary step in any ChIP-chip experiment.
History.
A first ChIP-on-chip experiment was performed in 1999 to analyze the distribution of cohesin along budding yeast chromosome III. Although the genome was not completely represented, the protocol in this study remains equivalent as those used in later studies. The ChIP-on-chip technique using all of the ORFs of the genome (that nevertheless remains incomplete, missing intergenic regions) was then applied successfully in three papers published in 2000 and 2001. The authors identified binding sites for individual transcription factors in the budding yeast "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". In 2002, Richard Young’s group determined the genome-wide positions of 106 transcription factors using a c-Myc tagging system in yeast. This study was followed by a collaboration with the laboratory of Brian Dynlacht which reported the first ChIP-on-chip study in mammalian cells Other applications for ChIP-on-chip include DNA replication, recombination, and chromatin structure. Since then, ChIP-on-chip has become a powerful tool in determining genome-wide maps of histone modifications and many more transcription factors. ChIP-on-chip in mammalian systems has been difficult due to the large and repetitive genomes. Thus, many studies in mammalian cells have focused on select promoter regions that are predicted to bind transcription factors and have not analyzed the entire genome. However, whole mammalian genome arrays have recently become commercially available from companies like Nimblegen. In the future, as ChIP-on-chip arrays become more and more advanced, high resolution whole genome maps of DNA-binding proteins and chromatin components for mammals will be analyzed in more detail.
Analysis and Software.
[http://www.ciml.univ-mrs.fr/software/cocas/index.html] CoCAS: a free Analysis software for Agilent ChIP-on-Chip experiments
[http://www.bioconductor.org/packages/2.4/bioc/html/rMAT.html] rMAT: R implementation from MAT program to normalize and analyze tiling arrays and ChIP-chip data.
Software Reference.
[http://bioinformatics.oxfordjournals.org/cgi/content/abstract/btp075] Touati Benoukraf, Pierre Cauchy, Romain Fenouil, Adrien Jeanniard, Frederic Koch, Sébastien Jaeger, Denis Thieffry, Jean Imbert, Jean-Christophe Andrau, Salvatore Spicuglia, and Pierre Ferrier, CoCAS: a ChIP-on-chip analysis suite, Bioinformatics Advance Access published on April 1, 2009, DOI 10.1093/bioinformatics/btp075, Bioinformatics 25: 954-955.
[http://www.pnas.org/content/103/33/12457.abstract] W. Evan Johnson, Wei Li, Clifford A. Meyer, Raphael Gottardo, Jason S. Carroll, Myles Brown, and X. Shirley Liu. Model-based analysis of tiling-arrays for ChIP-chip. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2006 Aug 15;103(33):12457-62. Epub 2006 Aug 8.
Alternatives.
Chip-Sequencing is a recently developed technology that still uses chromatin immunoprecipitation to crosslink the proteins of interest to the DNA but then instead of using a micro-array, it uses the more accurate, higher throughput method of sequencing to localize interaction points.
DamID is an alternative method that does not require antibodies.
ChIP-exo uses exonuclease treatment to achieve up to single base pair resolution.

</doc>
<doc id="9756365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756365" title="Merkurbergbahn">
Merkurbergbahn

The Merkurbergbahn is a funicular railway in the town of Baden-Baden in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The line climbs Mount Merkur, the location of the Observation Tower Baden-Baden Merkur.
The line opened in 1913 and closed in 1967. It was reopened on the 27th April 1979.
The funicular has the following technical parameters:

</doc>
<doc id="9756411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756411" title="Plasmodium australis">
Plasmodium australis

Plasmodium australis is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. australis" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are lizards. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Mackerras in 1961 and was designated as "Plasmodium giganteum". It was redescribed in 1988 by Telford who recognised it as a separate species.
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9756412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756412" title="Interstate 35 in Oklahoma">
Interstate 35 in Oklahoma

Oklahoma is the second state that Interstate 35 (I-35) passes through from south to north. In Oklahoma, I-35 runs from the Red River at the Texas border to the Kansas line near Braman, for a length of 236 miles (372 km). I-35 has one spur route in the state, Interstate 235 in the inner city of Oklahoma City.
Route description.
Interstate 35 enters Oklahoma with U.S. Highway 77 on a bridge over the Red River in Love County, south of Thackerville. US-77 splits off at Exit 1, but parallels the interstate for its entire length in Oklahoma. I-35 maintains a near-due north–south course through Love and Carter Cos. I-35 provides four exits to Ardmore. After leaving Ardmore, it has a brief concurrency with State Highway 53 and enters Murray County and the Arbuckle Mountains. I-35 then passes through Garvin County and the county seat of Pauls Valley. North of exit 79, I-35 enters McClain County. There, it passes through Purcell and Goldsby.
State Highway 9 joins the interstate crossing over the South Canadian River into Cleveland County, after which it splits off again. It then serves as a major urban interstate in Norman and Moore. Between Norman and Moore, US-77 joins the interstate again. It then enters Oklahoma City and Oklahoma County near milepost 120. Near downtown, I-35 splits off the mainline (which becomes Interstate 235/US-77) and runs concurrent with Interstate 40 for a mile before splitting off to the north again. Interstate 44 then joins I-35 between mileposts 133 and 137. In Edmond US-77 joins the interstate yet again.
At milepost 146, I-35 enters Logan County. It serves Guthrie at Exit 153, where US-77 splits off, and at Exit 157. The interstate then crosses the Cimarron River into Payne County and enters Noble County shortly thereafter. It provides two exits to Perry and serves as the western terminus of the Cimarron Turnpike. After providing access to Tonkawa and Blackwell in Kay County, it crosses into Kansas, becoming the Kansas Turnpike.
History.
Some sections of I-35 in Oklahoma City were already built in 1953, before the Interstate system was created. Following the passage of the Federal Highway Act of 1956 that created the Interstate Highway System, the Oklahoma Department of Transportation approved the location of the future interstate north of Oklahoma City to the Kansas state line on a route previously surveyed by the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority for a proposed toll road. As a free road, the first five miles (8 km) of that section of I-35 were opened to traffic in 1958 from US-177 near Braman north to the Kansas border where it continued as the Kansas Turnpike. This was followed by completion of the entire route from Oklahoma City northward to Braman by 1963 in several phases including Edmond to Guthrie in 1960, Guthrie to Perry in 1961, Perry to Blackwell in 1962 and Blackwell to Braman in early 1963.
To the south of Oklahoma City, I-35 was completed through Norman, Oklahoma south to Purcell, Oklahoma in June 1959. In Moore, it opened in two parts: the northern half, connecting Moore to Oklahoma City, opened in January 1960. The southern half, linking it to Norman, was opened to traffic in June 1967. The Moore–Norman segment was originally a four-lane section of US-77 built in 1951 that did not meet full Interstate Highway standards and included several at-grade intersections within the City of Moore including some with traffic signals and upgraded accordingly to include grade separations to bring up to full Interstate Highway standards and frontage roads to serve local traffic needs. Also not up to full Interstate Highway standards prior to 1967 was a section in the vicinity of Lindsey Street in the southern portion of Norman where another at-grade intersection still existed which dated back to the original highway's construction in the early 1950s—this was also brought up to full Interstate Highway standards in 1967 with the construction of interchanges on I-35 at Lindsey and a short distance to the south for the future SH-9 bypass that would be built around the south side of Norman in the early 1970s.
Further south, I-35 was completed from Marietta south to the Red River bridge in 1963, at which point a nearly gap of uncompleted interstate would exist between Purcell and Marietta until the late 1960s with traffic continuing to be routed over paralleling US-77. This was in large part due to efforts of the towns of Wynnewood, Paoli, and Wayne, fighting to keep I-35 as close as possible to US-77. This was successful due to a threat from Governor Henry Bellmon to build a toll road rather than I-35, and legislation preventing state funds for the interstate from being spent if it were more than from the U.S. route.
The uncompleted gap of I-35 in Southern Oklahoma was narrowed in 1967 and 1968 when two sections were completed from US-70/SH-199 in Ardmore south to SH-32 in Marietta. In 1969, the section of interstate bypassing Ardmore was completed north from US-70 two miles (3 km) to SH-142 and the following year, 1970, brought the completion of I-35 from SH-7 near Davis south to Ardmore, at long last bypassing the winding section of US-77 through the Arbuckle Mountains. This stretch through the Arbuckles was particularly expensive and difficult to construct, taking almost two years and requiring the blasting and removal of 4 million cubic yards of rock. A few months later in January, 1971, I-35 was finally completed across the state of Oklahoma, when the remaining portions of the interstate from Purcell to SH-7 near Davis were opened to traffic.
Future.
ODOT has announced plans to widen of Interstate 35 through Norman, from the McCall Bridge over the Canadian River to the Main Street interchange (Exit 109). Controversy surrounding the project arose when early drafts eliminated the SH-74A/Lindsey Street interchange (Exit 108B), due to its proximity to the SH-9 interchange (Exit 108A). A public meeting held in Norman attracted 300 attendees, many bearing "Don't Close Lindsey" signs. Attendees cited the impact on local businesses and those attending University of Oklahoma football games as grounds for opposing the closure of the interchange. A former OU economics professor estimated the interchange's closure would cost Norman $100 million over the course of fifteen years.
At the meeting, four proposals were displayed, only one of which displayed no access from Lindsey Street. A second proposal would preserve access to Lindsey Street but require the seizure of a newly built Chevrolet dealership near the interchange. The third proposal would instead send the ramps around the dealership, and the fourth, the highest-cost alternate, would use bridges to prevent Lindsey Street and SH-9 traffic from conflicting. ODOT said their design standards did not require consideration of OU football traffic, because they only considered the 30th highest traffic percentile. One ODOT engineer was quoted as saying, "Otherwise, we'd have to 10-lane everything in Norman."

</doc>
<doc id="9756428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756428" title="Antonio Gherardi">
Antonio Gherardi

Antonio Gherardi (September 20, 1638 – May 10, 1702) was an Italian painter, architect, and sculptor (stuccoist) of the Baroque style, active mainly in and near Rome and his native city of Rieti. 
His original name was "Antonio Tatoti", but when he moved to Rome (c. 1656) from Rieti, he changed his surname. His father died when he was only eight years old, and in 1656, Monsignor Bulgarino Bulgarini, Governor of Rieti, became his patron. Two years later Bulgarini sponsored his travel to Rome, and introduced him to his future mentors, Pier Francesco Mola and Pietro da Cortona. In the large workshops organized by the latter, he developed skills in both painting and stucco decoration. In 1674, he joined the Accademia di San Luca. 
Although he did not build much, Gherardi's mature architecture is extraordinarily inventive. Designed in a late Baroque manner, he drew freely on forms and ideas of Bernini, Borromini and Cortona to make his inventions. The best examples of his work can be seen in the Santa Cecilia Chapel, San Carlo ai Catinari and the Avila Chapel, Santa Maria in Trastevere, both in Rome. 
In 1698 he was appointed architect and painter of the chapel of Santa Teresa in Santa Maria in Traspontina, which still preserves a painting of the "Ecstasy of Santa Teresa" .
Among his works are 

</doc>
<doc id="9756434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756434" title="Swing Around the Circle">
Swing Around the Circle

Swing Around the Circle refers to a disastrous speaking campaign undertaken by U.S. President Andrew Johnson between August 27 and September 15, 1866, in which he tried to gain support for his mild Reconstruction policies and for his preferred candidates (mostly Democrats) in the forthcoming midterm Congressional election. The tour received its nickname due to the route that the campaign took: "Washington, D.C., to New York, west to Chicago, south to St. Louis, and east through the Ohio River valley back to the nation's capital". 
Johnson undertook the speaking tour in the face of increasing opposition in the northern states and in Washington to his lenient form of reconstruction in the south, which had led the southern states largely to revert to the social system that had predominated before the Civil War. Although he believed he could regain the trust of moderate northern Republicans by exploiting tensions between them and their Radical counterparts on the tour, Johnson only alienated them more. This caused a supporter of Johnson to say of the tour that it would have been better "had it never been made."
Background.
Johnson had first intended his approach to reconstruction as a delivery of predecessor Abraham Lincoln's promise to benevolently "bind up the nation's wounds" after the war was won. However, as Congress began enacting legislation to guarantee the rights of former slaves, former slaveowner Johnson refocused on actions (including vetoes of civil rights legislation and mass pardoning of former Confederate officials) that resulted in severe oppression of freed slaves in the southern states, as well as the return of high-ranking Confederate officials and pre-war aristocrats to power in state and federal government. The policies had infuriated the Radical Republicans in Congress and gradually alienated the moderates, who along with Democrats had been Johnson's base of congressional support, to the point that by 1866 the Congress had gathered enough antipathy towards the President to enact the first override of a Presidential veto in over twenty years, salvaging a bill that extended the life of the Freedmen's Bureau. Johnson also managed to alienate his own cabinet, three members of which resigned in disgust in 1866. 
Thus the elections that year were viewed as a referendum on Johnson himself, who had not been elected President but had acceded to power upon Lincoln's murder. However, in Johnson's earlier political campaigns he had earned a reputation as a masterful stump speaker, and to that end he determined to undertake a political speaking tour (which at that time was unprecedented for a sitting President). His two dedicated supporters in the cabinet, Secretary of State William Seward and Navy Secretary Gideon Welles, joined him on the tour. In addition, to increase both his audience and his prestige, Johnson brought along heroes of the Civil War such as David Farragut, George Custer, and Ulysses S. Grant (by then the most admired living man in the country) to stand next to him while he spoke.
The tour.
Initial success.
In the 18 days of the tour, Johnson and his entourage made stops in Baltimore, Maryland; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; New York City, West Point, Albany, Auburn, Niagara Falls, and Buffalo, New York; Cleveland and Toledo, Ohio; Detroit, Michigan; Chicago, Springfield, and Alton, Illinois; St. Louis, Missouri; Indianapolis, Indiana; Louisville, Kentucky; Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio; and Pittsburgh and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, as well as short stops in smaller towns between.
Because Presidents had traditionally not undertaken political campaigning in the past, Johnson's action was seen even before he began as undignified and beneath the office. Johnson's advisors, aware that the President could get carried away in his own sentiments, pleaded with him to give only carefully prepared speeches; Johnson, as he had often done on the campaign trail, instead prepared a rough outline around which he could spontaneously speak. Once he began, however, the fiery oratory that had once helped his political fortunes now sank them. 
Initially, Johnson was enthusiastically received, particularly in Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York. According to Johnson biographer Hans Trefousse, at each stop on the tour he had delivered
The press nonetheless gave him overwhelmingly positive coverage throughout the first leg of the tour (although the circumstances made his customary introduction -- "Fellow citizens, it is not for the purpose of making speeches that I now appear before you"—a particular laugh line). However, when Johnson entered the Radical Republican strongholds of the Midwest, he began facing much more hostile crowds, some drawn by reports of his prior speeches and others organized by Republican leadership in those towns. 
Disaster.
Johnson's stop in Cleveland on September 3 marked the turning point in the tour. Because the audience was as large as it had been at previous stops, nothing seemed out of the ordinary; however, the crowd included mobs of hecklers, many of them plants by the Radical Republicans, who goaded Johnson into engaging them in mid-speech; when one of them yelled "Hang Jeff Davis!" in Cleveland, Johnson angrily replied, "Why don't you hang Thad Stevens and Wendell Phillips?" When he left the balcony from which he had spoken, reporters heard supporters reminding Johnson to maintain his dignity; Johnson's reply of "I don't care about my dignity" was carried in newspapers across the nation, abruptly ending the tour's favorable press.
Subsequent to this and other vituperative appearances in southern Michigan, the Illinois governor Richard J. Oglesby refused to attend Johnson's September 7 Chicago stop, as did the Chicago city council. Johnson nonetheless fared well in Chicago, presenting only a short and pre-written speech. However, his temper got the better of him once more in St. Louis on September 9. Provoked by a heckler, Johnson accused Radical Republicans of deliberately inciting the deadly New Orleans Riot that summer; again compared himself to Jesus, and the Republicans to his betrayers; and defending himself against unmade accusations of tyranny. The following day in Indianapolis, the crowd was so hostile and loud that Johnson was unable to speak at all; even after he retreated, violence and gunfire broke out in the streets between Johnson supporters and opponents, resulting in one man's death. 
At other points in Kentucky, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, spectators drowned out Johnson with calls for Grant, who refused to speak, and for "Three cheers for Congress!" 
Tragedy.
Finally, on September 14 in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, a temporary platform built beside the railroad tracks for the president's appearance gave way, sending hundreds into a drained canal 20 feet below; though Johnson attempted to halt the train and use it for triage for the injured, it could not wait and took the party onto Harrisburg. To appearances, however, Johnson had callously abandoned the scene of massive casualties.
Reaction.
The press excoriated Johnson badly for his disastrous appearances and speeches. The "New York Herald", previously the most supportive newspaper for Johnson in the entire country, stated that "It is mortifying to see a man occupying the lofty position of President of the United States descend from that position and join issue with those who are draggling their garments in the muddy gutters of political vituperation." The president was also the target of the two most important satirical journalists of the era—humorist David Ross Locke (writing in his persona as the backward southerner Petroleum Vesuvius Nasby) and cartoonist Thomas Nast, who created three large illustrations lampooning Johnson and the Swing that became legendary.
Johnson's Republican opponents took quick advantage of their good political fortune. Thaddeus Stevens gave a speech referring to the Swing as "the remarkable circus that traveled through the country" that "cut outside the circle and entered into street brawls with common blackguards." Charles Sumner, meanwhile, gave a stump speech of his own, encouraging his audiences to vote for Republicans in the fall elections because "the President must be taught that usurpation and apostasy cannot prevail."
Radical Republicans also began spreading rumors that Johnson had been drunk at several appearances. Because Johnson had been visibly and verifiably drunk at his own inauguration as vice president the year before, reporters and political opponents took his inebriation as fact and declared him a "vulgar, drunken demagogue who was disgracing the presidency." 
Johnson's supporters, too, gave negative reactions to the tour, with former Georgia Governor Herschel V. Johnson writing that the President had " the moral power of his position, and done great damage to the cause of Constitutional Reorganization." James Doolittle, a Senator from Wisconsin, lamented that the tour had "cost Johnson one million northern voters."
Aftermath.
By the time he returned to Washington from the speaking tour, Johnson had even less support in the north than he had started with. His only remaining allies in Congress were southern Democrats; since these were mostly former Rebels, Johnson's reputation was diminished yet further by association. The Republican Party would go on to a landslide victory in the Congressional elections, and the new Congress would wrest control of Reconstruction from the White House with the Reconstruction Acts of 1867.
Johnson openly defied Congress and fought them bitterly for the control of the nation's domestic policy. However, the Republicans' vastly increased Congressional voting bloc not only afforded them the political power to keep Johnson at bay, it gave the party sufficient votes to attempt impeachment of Johnson, which they did twice, unsuccessfully in 1867 and, finally, successfully in 1868. The Swing Around the Circle's impact was apparent even in the articles of impeachment, with one of the 11 articles (the tenth) charging that the president "did...make and declare, with a loud voice certain intemperate, inflammatory, and scandalous harangues, and therein utter loud threats and bitter menaces, as well against Congress as the laws of the United States duly enacted thereby, amid the cries, jeers and laughter of the multitudes then assembled in hearing." However, the impeachment managers neglected to bring this article to a vote in the senate when it became clear that it had no support.
They then captured the White House in 1868 and maintained control of it until 1885, although Congress would continue to be the dominant force in government until the end of the 19th century. Thus, in effect, the Swing Around the Circle began a long series of political defeats that crippled Johnson, the Democratic Party, and the Presidency for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="9756435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756435" title="Lichtsee">
Lichtsee

Lichtsee is a lake in Tyrol, Austria. It lies northern above the village Obernberg am Brenner on 2.100 metres above sea level. He can only be reached on foot from the village. With an area size of 3.93 ha it is one of the bigger lakes at such a high altitude.
Due to his protected location the Lake possesses an excellent water quality (A Grade). In hot summers the Lake invites for jumping into the clear water which hardly warms up to more than 14°C. On the southern shore grow lots of blueberries and cranberries. Several kinds of trouts live also in the water. The Lake gets water only through rain and melting of snow.

</doc>
<doc id="9756442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756442" title="Ourimbah Campus">
Ourimbah Campus

The Ourimbah Campus is a multi-sector campus which offers University, TAFE and Community College programs and courses. The Ourimbah campus is a partnership of The University of Newcastle and Hunter Institute of TAFE. Affiliates are the Central Coast Community College and the Central Coast Conservatorium of Music. Ourimbah Campus is located in Ourimbah, New South Wales, just between Newcastle and Sydney.
It is a bushland campus, offering a quiet environment for students and visitors. Set on just over 80 hectares, its buildings are all new (the building program began in the 1990s) but they have been designed to blend with the natural environment. The campus is very small - one can easily walk through the entire campus in minutes - so students and staff are privileged to be able to learn and study in peaceful surroundings where the background sound is not the drone of traffic but rather the call of resident bellbirds.
Ourimbah Campus lies just off the F3 Freeway at Ourimbah on Chittaway and Brush roads. From the F3 Freeway take the Ourimbah exit, which intersects with the Pacific Highway, and follow the signs to the campus. The campus is within ten minutes walking distance of the Ourimbah train station and local buses drive right into the Campus until 5 pm.
Central Coast Campuses.
The Central Coast Campuses is the name given to three education campuses on the Central Coast of New South Wales located at Gosford, Ourimbah and Wyong. It is a partnership of The University of Newcastle, The Hunter Institute of TAFE NSW and the Central Coast Community College.
It is affiliated with the Central Coast Conservatorium of Music.
The Campus is an innovative model where services and infrastructure are shared between education providers.

</doc>
<doc id="9756443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756443" title="David Goeddel">
David Goeddel

David Goeddel (born 1951 in San Diego) is a pioneer of the biotechnology industry who, employed at the time by Genentech, successfully used genetic engineering to coax bacteria into creating synthetic human insulin, human growth hormone, and human Tissue plasminogen activator (tPA) for use in therapeutic medicine. By contrast, the pharmaceutical industries had been researching synthetically created versions of those proteins.
Recruited by Bob Swanson in 1978, he was the first non-university scientist to be hired at Genentech, and the company's third employee. Goeddel became legendary in the biotechnology and molecular biology fields by cloning virtually all of Genentech's early products and/or processes, including synthetic insulin, growth hormone, and tPA, often beating out bigger and more established laboratories in the process. Besides being perhaps the single most important contributor to Genentech's rise to one of the nation's premier biotech companies, his extraordinary drive and competitive work ethic embodied Genentech's early "Clone or Die" culture 
Together with Steve McKnight and Robert Tjian, he founded Tularik in 1991, and was their president and CEO until Tularik was acquired by Amgen for 1.3 billion dollars in 2004.
Goeddel earned his bachelor's degree in chemistry from the University of California, San Diego, and his PhD from the University of Colorado, Boulder. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, and is a recipient of the Eli Lilly Award in Biological Chemistry and the Scheele Award from the Swedish Academy of Pharmaceutical Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9756452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756452" title="Olga Bancic">
Olga Bancic

Olga Bancic (; born Golda Bancic), also known under her French "nom de guerre" Pierrette (May 10, 1912 – May 10, 1944), was a Jewish Romanian communist, known for her role in the French Resistance during World War II. A member of the FTP-MOI and the Manouchian Group, she was captured by Nazi German forces in late 1943. She was tried with Missak Manouchian and 21 others in February 1944. While the others were executed immediately after the trial in France, she was transported to Stuttgart, Germany and beheaded in May.
Early life and education.
Golda Bancic was born in 1912 to a Jewish family in Chişinău, Bessarabia, which was then part of the Russian Empire. The region became part of the Kingdom of Romania after World War I and the break-up of the empire. She worked in a mattress factory by the age of 12, and joined the local labor movement, taking part in a strike. Despite her age, she was taken to prison and beaten.
Political career.
Bancic, who became a member of the outlawed Romanian Communist Party (PCR), was subsequently arrested and imprisoned several times during the 1930s and considered it part of her activities. In 1938, she traveled to France, where she aided local left-wing activists in transporting weapons to Spanish Republican forces fighting in the Civil War.
Marriage and family.
In 1939 shortly before the outbreak of World war II, Bancic gave birth to Dolores, her daughter with Alexandru Jar, a writer and fellow activist. She left her child for safety in the care of a French family, following the start of German occupation.
Résistance.
Together with Jar, Bancic joined the Paris-based Francs-Tireurs et Partisans de la Main d'Oeuvre Immigrée (FTP-MOI), an armed group, and took part in about 100 sabotage acts against the Wehrmacht. They also helped manufacture and transport explosives. This came at a time when the PCR, weakened by successive crackdowns, had become divided into several autonomous groups. Similar to Gheorghe Gaston Marin, Bancic was among the Romanian activists who were integrated into the French Communist Party.
Arrested by the Gestapo on November 6, 1943, Bancic was tortured, but resisted giving information about her collaborators. On February 21, 1944, Bancic, Manouchian, and 21 men were sentenced to death— all male defendants were executed by a firing squad later that day at Fort Mont-Valérien. As French law prohibited execution of women by firing squad, Bancic was deported to a prison in Stuttgart, where she was beheaded by axe in the yard, on her 32nd birthday. During her transportation to the prison, Bancic wrote a letter to her daughter Dolores (called Dolores Jacob) and threw the paper out the window, in hopes that someone would get it to her. The letter was passed on and preserved.
After the show trial and executions, the Gestapo published thousands of copies of a propaganda poster, known as "l'Affiche Rouge" because of its red background. The poster featured ten men of the Manouchian group with their alleged crimes, and portrayed them as foreigners and an "army of crime". Intended to quell citizen resistance, the poster of the deceased French underground members inspired more. Parisians wrote on the posters "Mort pour la France!" (They died for France).
Legacy.
Bancic was survived by her daughter Dolores and Alexandru Jar. Jar returned with Dolores to Romania, where he managed to work as a writer under the new Communist regime. In the mid-1950s, the Communist leadership persuaded Jar to denounce "the cult of personality" among intellectuals, for which he was expelled from the Writers' Union in May 1956. After that, he became an opponent of the Party leadership around Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej when Dej continued waves of purges and arrests to stifle writers and intellectuals. Together with Mihail Davidoglu and Ion Vitner, Jar was criticized by the activist Miron Constantinescu for "intellectualist-liberalist tendencies."
In the postwar years, Communist authorities named several streets in Romania in honor of Bancic, and erected small monuments to her memory. Her name continued to be used as an asset by the Communists. Since the 1989 Revolution, she has fallen into some disfavor. In 2005, the writer and journalist Bedros Horasangian objected to Bucharest officials' plans to remove the Polonă Street commemorative plaque noting her activities and to change the name of Olga Bancic Street; he argued:
"It is not proper and insults the memory of a woman who actually died for Allied victory (when Romania was allied to the Germans!). [...] In France, those who have fought in the antifascist resistance enjoy full respect".
In popular culture.
Bancic is portrayed by the actress Olga Legrand in the French film "The Army of Crime" (2009) about the Manouchian Group, directed by Robert Guédiguian.

</doc>
<doc id="9756479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756479" title="Glycerol kinase">
Glycerol kinase

Glycerol kinase is a phosphotransferase enzyme involved in triglycerides and glycerophospholipids synthesis.
Glycerol kinase catalyzes the transfer of a phosphate from ATP to glycerol thus forming glycerol phosphate (ATP + glycerol <=> ADP + sn-glycerol 3-phosphate). Adipocytes lack glycerol kinase so they cannot metabolize the glycerol produced during triacyl glycerol degradation. This glycerol is instead shuttled to the liver via the blood where it is:
Enzyme regulation.
This protein may use the morpheein model of allosteric regulation. 
Structure.
Glycerol Kinase (alternative name, ATP:glycerol 3-phosphotransferase or Glycerokinase) adopts a ribonuclease H-like fold consisting of an alpha-beta 2-layer sandwich of CATH family 3.30.420.40. , there were 20 structures of this protein in the PDB, most of which are homodimeric.

</doc>
<doc id="9756482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756482" title="800 nanometer">
800 nanometer

The 800 nanometer (800 nm) process refers to the level of semiconductor process technology that was reached in the 1989–1990 timeframe, by most leading semiconductor companies, like Intel and IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="9756495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756495" title="St. Francis de Sales Catholic Church (Mableton, Georgia)">
St. Francis de Sales Catholic Church (Mableton, Georgia)

St. Francis de Sales Catholic Church, located in Mableton, Georgia, is the home of the Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter (FSSP) in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta. The community was founded in 1995 and established as a personal parish in 1999 by Archbishop John Francis Donaghue. The church (building) was purchased in 1999 and consecrated by Archbishop Donaghue in 2000.
Liturgy.
All of the Sacraments at St. Francis de Sales are celebrated according to the Roman Missal of 1962. Two Masses are celebrated each day, one of which on Sunday is a High Mass.
History.
St. Francis de Sales is a Latin Rite parish serving the Archdiocese of Atlanta, which was separated in 1956 from the Diocese of Savannah. Permission for Mass according to the rubrics of 1962 was given by Archbishop John Francis Donoghue. The reinstatement of the Rite began at Sacred Heart Church with the support of its pastor, Fr. Stephen Churchwell. In 1994 the Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter began saying the Latin Mass at Sacred Heart.
The St. Francis de Sales Latin Mass Community was founded in 1995 with the arrival of a full-time priest. A rectory was soon established in Alpharetta and the Sunday Mass was moved to St. Joseph's Maronite Church in Atlanta. In 1998, the community was hosted at Sts. Peter and Paul Parish where a Sunday Mass at the Kelly & Leak Funeral Home was added. St. Francis de Sales finally found a permanent home the following year, in Mableton. The former Grace Baptist Church was purchased and the first Mass said in the new home in January. The community was also elevated to the status of a parish in January 1999, and Rev. Mark F. Fischer, FSSP, was named the founding pastor. He was later joined by Rev. Nicholas Zolnerowicz, FSSP, who served as parochial vicar until his retirement in 2003. He died in 2008.
In the spring of 2003, Rev. Robert Fromageot, FSSP became pastor, but in July 2004 he left to pursue a degree in moral theology in Rome. Rev. Denis G. Bouchard, FSSP, assisted by Rev. Laurent Demets, FSSP, replaced him as pastor until February 2008, when he was transferred to another FSSP apostolate, at which time Fr. Mark Fischer, founding pastor, returned to the parish. He remained there until July 2010, when the current pastor, Fr. Howard Venette, FSSP, arrived. Fr. Demets served at the parish as parochial vicar from 2003–2007, when he left to serve the FSSP community in Little Rock, Arkansas. He was succeeded by Fr. Roberto Cano, FSSP from 2007–2009, then by Fr. Thomas Fritschen, FSSP (2009–2010), Deacon (now Father) Christopher Pelster (2011) and currently Fr. Matthew McCarthy (2011- ).
Clergy.
As of April 2014, St. Francis de Sales has the following clergy:

</doc>
<doc id="9756516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756516" title="1990–91 Nationalliga A season">
1990–91 Nationalliga A season

The 1990-91 NLA season was the 53rd regular season of the Nationalliga A, the main professional ice hockey league in Switzerland.
Regular season.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"
Playoffs.
Scoring leaders.
"Note: G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points"

</doc>
<doc id="9756518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756518" title="Gene Roberts (journalist)">
Gene Roberts (journalist)

Eugene Leslie "Gene" Roberts, Jr. (born June 15, 1932) is an American journalist and professor of journalism. He has been a national editor of "The New York Times", executive editor of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" from 1972 to 1990, and managing editor of "The New York Times" from 1994 to 1997. Roberts is most known for presiding over "The Inquirer"`s "Golden Age", a time in which the newspaper was given the freedom and resources it needed, won 17 Pulitzer Prizes in 18 years, displaced "The Philadelphia Bulletin" as the city's "paper of record", and was considered to be Knight Ridder's crown jewel as a profitable enterprise and an influential regional paper.
Career.
Roberts was born in Pikeville in the Goldsboro, North Carolina Metropolitan Area. He grew up in North Carolina and worked for newspapers in Goldsboro, N.C.; Norfolk, Va.; Raleigh, N.C.; and Detroit. He covered the Kennedy Assassination in Dallas for the "Detroit Free Press" and subsequently covered the American Civil Rights Movement as a correspondent for "The New York Times", where he also served as Saigon bureau chief in 1968 during the Vietnam War. After serving as national editor at "The Times" from 1969 to 1972, he was hired by John S. Knight to head "The Inquirer". He retired in 1990 and returned to the "Times" as managing editor from 1994 to 1998.
Roberts has taught journalism from 1991 to 1994 and from 1998 to the present at the Philip Merrill College of Journalism, University of Maryland.
He is on the board of directors of the Committee to Protect Journalists and served five years as its chairman; he has also served as chairman of the Pulitzer Prize Board, the International Press Institute, and the Board Of Visitors of the School of Communications at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Impact.
Roberts is widely viewed by his peers as among the most influential late 20th-century editors of daily newspapers in large American cities.. He is credited with reviving "The Inquirer" and leading it from a second-place daily to one of the best regional newspapers in the country. Largely, he did it by recruiting young, talented journalists and giving them a free hand both in time and space to write compelling investigative stories under the tutelage of senior editors. Such nationally known writers as Mark Bowden ("Black Hawk Down") and Richard Ben Cramer ("") worked at "The Inquirer". Perhaps the most famous and longest lasting investigative team ever — Jim Steele and Don Barlett — flourished under Roberts.
Pulitzer Record.
"The Inquirer" had never won any Pulitzer Prize (established 1917) before Roberts became executive editor but regularly won them under his leadership.
Awards.
Roberts and Hank Klibanoff, managing editor of the "Atlanta Journal-Constitution", won the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for History recognizing their book "The Race Beat" as the year's best published in the U.S. In it, Roberts and Klibanoff chronicled the civil rights struggle in America and the role the press played in bringing it to the forefront. The book's major contributions were an analysis of Gunnar Myrdal and Ralph Bunche's 1944 treatise, "", which had explained the problem of racial inequality and its possible resolution, and a close examination of the contribution of the black press to the African-American Civil Rights Movement.
Roberts received the National Press Club's Fourth Estate Award for Distinguished Contributions to Journalism in 1993.
Personal.
Roberts earned an Associate degree from Mars Hill College in North Carolina. He went on to receive his B.A. in Journalism from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1954 and was later a Nieman Fellow at Harvard University.

</doc>
<doc id="9756568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756568" title="2007 German Open (badminton)">
2007 German Open (badminton)

The 2007 German Open Grand Prix was the first grand prix tournament of the 2007 BWF Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix. The tournament was held in RWE-Sporthalle, Mulheim an der Ruhr, Germany from February 27 until March 4, 2007 and had a total purse of $80,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9756583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756583" title="1 µm process">
1 µm process

The 1 µm process refers to the level of semiconductor process technology that was reached around 1985 timeframe by the leading semiconductor companies, like Intel and IBM.

</doc>
<doc id="9756595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756595" title="Uy River (Tobol basin)">
Uy River (Tobol basin)

The Uy River (, ) is a river in Chelyabinsk Oblast in Russia with its upper reaches in Bashkiria. It partially flows along the borders of Chelyabinsk and Kurgan Oblasts with Kazakhstan. The Uy is a left tributary of the Tobol River. The length of the river is 462 km. The area of its basin is 34,400 km². It freezes up in November and stays icebound in April. The town of Troitsk and three reservoirs (the largest being Troitsk Reservoir) are situated on the Uy River.
It rises in the southern Ural Mountains east of the headwaters of the Ural River between Chelyabinsk and Magnitogorsk and flows east with many meanders past Troitsk, Chelyabinsk Oblast to meet the Tobol River near Zverinogolovskoye (formerly the fort of Ust-Uysk). The gold-mining town of Plast (town) is on its headwaters. At the time of the Bashkir War of 1735-40 it was the eastern end of the Orenburg Line of forts and is now approximately part of the border between Russia and Kazakhstan. The Uy is the southernmost river on the east side of the Urals whose waters ultimately reach the Arctic Ocean. South of the Uy waters run to the Ural River which flows south into the Caspian Sea.
The name of the river comes from the Bashkir language, in which it means "valley, lowland".

</doc>
<doc id="9756597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756597" title="History of Lowell, Massachusetts">
History of Lowell, Massachusetts

The History of Lowell is closely tied to its location along the Pawtucket Falls of the Merrimack River, from being an important fishing ground for the Pennacook tribe to providing water power for the factories that formed the basis of the city's economy for a century. The city of Lowell was started in the 1820s as a money-making venture and social project referred to as "The Lowell Experiment", and quickly became the United States' largest textile center. However, within approximately a century, the decline and collapse of that industry in New England placed the city into a deep recession. Lowell's "rebirth", partially tied to Lowell National Historical Park, has made it a model for other former industrial towns, although the city continues to struggle with deindustrialization and suburbanization.
Lowell is considered the "Cradle of the American Industrial Revolution", as it was the first large-scale factory town in the country.
Pre-Columbian and Colonial.
The site of present-day Lowell was a rendezvous point and an important fishing ground for the Pennacook Indians. The land above the Pawtucket Falls on the northern bank of the Merrimack was inhabited by the Pawtucket group, while the land along both sides of the Concord River was inhabited by the Wamesits. Passaconaway, the great Pennacook sachem, had a longhouse at the top of the Pawtucket Falls. His son, Wannalancit, later lived on the opposite bank.
Although Europeans had explored the area previously and had dealings with and laws regarding the natives, the first European structure in the Greater Lowell area was a building used as a courthouse and chapel by the Reverend John Eliot. Eliot had arrived in what is now Lowell in 1647, and set up his church the following year. In 1652, settlers moving inland arrived in the area prompting Eliot to petition the General Court of Massachusetts to set aside the Praying Indian reservation at Wamesit. On May 29, 1655, the towns of Chelmsford, near Wamesit, and Billerica, on the eastern bank of the Concord, were chartered. These towns contained land that would become Lowell. By 1665, a ditch had been dug around Wamesit to separate it from Chelmsford.
However, settlers of European descent continued to move into the Merrimack Valley, and they soon were buying land from the natives in Pawtucket, and even in the Wamesit reservation. War with other tribes also decreased the number of Pennacook. Passaconaway left in 1660, and although the Pennacook did not take up arms, King Philip's War weakened the natives further. In 1686, Wannalancit sold Wamesit, only retaining hunting and fishing rights for his people. In 1701, the land that was formerly Pawtucket officially became part of the town of Dracut (and would later be added to Lowell). In 1726, the western part of Wamesit was forcibly annexed to Chelmsford, since it now contained mostly white settlers who were not paying tax to the town yet wanted representation. Western Wamesit then became known as East Chelmsford. Eastern Wamesit remained part of Billerica until December, 1734 when it became part of Tewksbury. An oak tree, known as the Pow-Wow Oak and said to have been standing since 1700, was a gathering site for the Wamesit tribe. It is also believed that Revolutionary War soldiers from New England traveled past the Pow-Wow Oak on their way to defend Lexington and Concord.
Early industrialization and the Waltham System.
Samuel Slater had started his production at Pawtucket, Rhode Island two years earlier when a group of Essex County businessmen formed the Proprietors of Locks and Canals on the Merrimack River in 1792. This organization was tasked with building a canal to bypass the Pawtucket Falls, so that lumber from New Hampshire could more quickly be delivered to the shipyards at Newburyport. Bypassing the falls was accomplished with a mile and a half long canal, with four sets of locks. Unfortunately, the Proprietors of the Middlesex Canal had been formed in 1793, and in 1803, they opened the 27-mile, 20-lock Middlesex Canal. Beginning in Middlesex Village (Chelmsford and later part of Lowell) immediately above the Pawtucket Falls, this canal provided a direct connection to Boston by connecting the Merrimack River to the Charles River at Charlestown, Massachusetts. A direct, all-water route from Boston, Massachusetts to Concord, New Hampshire was then available - severely damaging the Pawtucket Canal's business.
Consequently, many small manufacturers were opening up milling and manufacturing operations in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. Most were run by man-power and were quite small, although a few small water-powered operations did exist along the Concord River. Meanwhile, Francis Cabot Lowell, a wealthy but sickly Newburyport merchant, was in Great Britain in an attempt to improve his health. He toured the local textile factories during his stay. F.C. Lowell learned the key aspects of their operation and in 1811 he met with his colleague Nathan Appleton in Edinburgh, Scotland. They saw great potential in textile manufacturing in New England, thanks to the availability of materials and labor, as well as abundant water power. They discussed establishing mills in the region. When F.C. Lowell's mercantile business suffered due to the War of 1812, he moved back to Boston. His import business was ruined by the war, but the loss of quality British finished goods on the market presented a new opportunity. F.C. Lowell, his brother-in-law Patrick Tracy Jackson, Appleton, and other investors founded the Boston Manufacturing Company in 1813. Thanks to an historian in the 1940s, this loosely connected group of investors has become known as The Boston Associates. Amesbury mechanic Paul Moody, with the help of F.C. Lowell, recreated the machines Lowell had seen in Britain, in under a year. By offering a very early example of a public stock option, the investors raised $100,000, which they used to build a textile mill in Waltham, Massachusetts. Their textile mill used water power generated from the Charles River, and primarily employed young Yankee women. This was the beginning of what would come to be referred to as the Waltham System, later called the Lowell system. The young Yankee women, or "mill girls," lived in company boarding houses and attended churches supported by the companies. Life inside and outside the factory was closely scrutinized and carefully controlled. The Boston Manufacturing Company at Waltham was the first mill to transform raw cotton into cloth in one mill. They met with great success. Due to the small size of the Charles River, however, it soon became evident that a new and larger source of water power would be needed to support continued expansion.
Beginnings of Lowell.
With the War of 1812 over, British goods again returned to the American markets. Wanting to protect the fledgling American textile industry, F.C. Lowell went to Washington, D.C. to lobby for a protective tariff on finished cloth. In spite of all his success, Lowell died the following year in 1817 at age 42. He left the very wealthy Boston Manufacturing Company to Patrick T. Jackson. By 1820, the Company was searching the Merrimack River for a suitable location for their new operation, but were struggling. Eventually, business associate Ezra Worthen reminded Paul Moody about the Pawtucket Canal, and in 1821 the Boston Manufacturing Company bought the properties of "Proprietors of Locks and Canals." The canal was deepened, the number of locks was decreased to three and a dam was built at the top of the falls to improve the flow into the canal. A sizable amount of farmland was bought in East Chelmsford, and in 1822 The Boston Manufacturing Company spun off the Merrimack Manufacturing Company The company officers were Warren Dutton as President, Ezra Worthen as Superintendent, Kirk Boott as Agent and Treasurer (since Jackson needed to remain in Waltham), Appleton, Jackson, Moody, and others.
When the investors first visited East Chelmsford, the population within Lowell's current borders was approximately 250 and consisted mostly of farmers. Thousands of employees, mostly young women, were recruited from all over New England to work in new textile mills. These women were to be model citizens, unlike the working underclass in England. They lived in company owned boarding houses. They went to cultural events, attended classes, and read books. In 1840, some of the mill girls even began writing and publishing literary magazines, including the "Lowell Offering". In addition to the mill girls, Yankee workmen and Irishmen from Charlestown came to dig the canals. They widened the Pawtucket Canal and dug the Merrimack Canal, Lowell's first power canal. The Merrimack Canal, which ran from the Pawtucket Canal just above Swamp Locks to the Merrimack River, delivered almost all of the 32 foot drop (head) of the Pawtucket Falls to the level of the Merrimack Mills. The Irish settled outside the center of the planned town in what became known as the 'Paddy Camps' - today's Acre neighborhood. St. Patrick's Church, one of the earliest Catholic churches north of Boston was established there a few years later in 1831. The Merrimack Manufacturing Company's first mill was operational on September 1, 1823 and a church and school were founded the following year. In 1825, "Proprietors of Locks and Canals" separated from the Merrimack Manufacturing Company, allowing it to lease water power back to the Merrimack Company, as well as other ventures. Kirk Boott was also the agent of this company. The Lowell Machine Shop opened that same year, led by Moody, who had moved from Waltham in 1823. On March 1, 1826, Lowell was incorporated as a town with a population of 2,500.
The selling of hydropower and land to other companies led to an explosion in manufacturing in Lowell:
City of Lowell.
Meanwhile, the town was rapidly growing around the new jobs, becoming a city on April 1, 1836 with Dr. Elisha Bartlett as the first mayor. Lowell was only the third Massachusetts community to be granted city government, after Boston and Salem. The population at the time was 17,633, and soon, a court, jail, hospital, cemetery, library, and two town commons were established. The first museums and theatres opened around 1840. Lowell also began annexing neighboring areas, including Belvidere from Tewksbury in 1834, and Centralville from Dracut in 1851. Daniel Ayer started the satellite city of Ayer's City in South Lowell in 1847, and in 1874, Pawtucketville and Middlesex Village were annexed from Dracut and Chelmsford respectively, bringing the city close to its present borders.
By 1850, Lowell's population was 33,000, making it the second largest city in Massachusetts and America's largest industrial center. The 5.6 mile long canal system produced 10,000 horsepower, being provided to ten corporations with a total of forty mills. Ten thousand workers used an equal number of looms fed by 320,000 spindles. The mills were producing 50,000 miles of cloth annually. Other industries developed in Lowell as well: The Lowell Machine Shop became independent in 1845, patent medicine factories like Hood's Sarsaparilla Laboratory and Father John's Medicine opened. Tanneries, a bleachery, and service companies needed by the growing city were established. Moxie, an early soft drink, was invented in Lowell in the 1870s. Around 1880, Lowell became the first city in America to have telephone numbers.
Lowell continued to be in the forefront of new industrial technology. In 1828, Paul Moody developed an early belt-driven power transfer system to supersede the unreliable gearwork that was utilized at the time. In 1830, Patrick Tracy Jackson commissioned work on the Boston and Lowell Railroad, one of the Oldest railroads in North America. It opened five years later, making the Middlesex Canal obsolete. Soon, lines up the Merrimack to Nashua, downriver to Lawrence, and inland to Groton Junction, today known as Ayer (renamed after Lowell patent medicine tycoon Dr. James Cook Ayer), were constructed.
Uriah A. Boyden installed his first turbine in the Appleton Mill in 1844, which was a major efficiency improvement over the old-fashioned waterwheel. The turbine was improved at Lowell again shortly thereafter by Englishman James B. Francis, chief engineer of Proprietors of Locks and Canals. Francis had begun his career with Locks and Canals working under George Washington Whistler, the father of painter James Abbott McNeill Whistler, and his improved turbine, known as the Francis Turbine, is still used with few changes today.
Francis also designed the Francis Gate, a flood control mechanism that provides a means of sealing the canal system off from the Merrimack River, and completed the canal system by adding the Northern Canal and Moody Street Feeder, both designed to improve efficiency to the entire system. To further improve the amount of year-round, day and night water power Lowell needed, Francis, along with engineers from Lawrence, were involved with The Lake Company, a corporation involved in building dams in the Lakes Region of Central New Hampshire. These dams, constructed and improved mid-century, allowed the cities on the Merrimack River to store and release water from the Merrimack's source, including Lake Winnipesaukee.
Immigration.
Being a booming city with many low-skilled jobs, waves of immigrants came into Lowell to work the mills. The original Irish that came to help build the canals were followed by a new group after the Irish Potato Famine, and later Catholic Germans. Ethnic tensions to the point of riots were not unheard of, and in the 1840s, the American Party (often called the Know-Nothing Party) with its Anti-Slavery Plank won elections in Lowell. By the 1850s, the cheap labor provided by the immigrants, increased competition as more manufacturing centers were built elsewhere, and strikes caused the breakdown of the Lowell System. In its place, densely populated ethnic neighborhoods grew around the city, their residents bound to their churches and communities more than the factory corporations.
The American Civil War shut down many of the mills temporarily when they sold off their cotton stockpiles, which had become more valuable than the finished cloth after imports from the South had stopped. Many jobs were lost, but the effect was somewhat mitigated by the number of males serving in the military. Lowell had a small historical place in the war: Many wool Union uniforms were made in Lowell, General Benjamin Franklin Butler was from the city, and members of the Lowell based Massachusetts Sixth—Ladd, Whitney, Taylor, and Needham—were the first four Union deaths, killed in a riot while passing through Baltimore on their way to Washington, DC. Ladd, Whitney, and later Taylor are buried in front of City Hall under a large obelisk.
After the war, mills returned to life. Recruiters fanned out all over New England for help. New mill hands were often new widows, mothers in single parent families. By August 1865, this source dried up.
New immigrant groups moved into the city. In the 1870s and 1880s, French Canadians began moving into an area which became known as Little Canada. Later French Canadian immigrants included the parents of famed Beat generation writer Jack Kerouac, a native of the city. At the end of the 19th century, Greeks moved into the sections of the old Irish Acre. Other Europeans such as the Portuguese, Polish, Lithuanians and Swedes as well as Jews came to work in Lowell and settled their own neighborhoods in Back Central and Lower Highlands. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, approximately 35 percent of Lowell's 100,000 residents were foreign born.
In the late 19th century, new technologies changed Lowell. The electric streetcar allowed the city to expand creating new neighborhoods on the outskirts. Tyler Park and Lynde Hill in Belvidere were home to many of Lowell's wealthiest residents, who could now live away from the noisy and polluted downtown industrial area. The prosperous city built a massive new Romanesque city hall made of granite with a clock tower that could be seen from the millyards. A new library with a hall dedicated to the Civil War, a post office, and ornate commercial buildings replaced the puritanical mid-century structures.
Steam power was first used to supplement the fully developed hydropower sources in Lowell in the 1860s, and by the mid-1870s, it was the dominant energy source. Electricity allowed the mills to run on hydroelectricity, instead of direct-drive hydropower. These improvements allowed Lowell to continue increasing its industrial output with a lesser increase in the number of workers. However, the move away from pure hydropower was leading to Lowell being eclipsed by cities with better locations for the new power sources. For example, in the 50 years after the Civil War, Fall River, Massachusetts and New Bedford, Massachusetts both became larger factory towns than Lowell based on output. The reason was largely because their seaport locations made the importation and exportation of goods and materials, and particularly coal, more economical than the considerably inland, and therefore only accessible by train, Lowell. By 1920, it was being seriously suggested that the Merrimack be dredged from Newburyport to Lowell so that barges could access the city. However, the events of the 1920s ensured that would never happen.
Decline.
By the 1920s, the New England textile industry began to shift South and many of Lowell's textile mills began to move or close. Although the South did not have rivers capable of providing the waterpower needed to run the early mills, the advent of steam-powered factories allowed companies to take advantage of the cheaper labor and transportation costs available there. Labor strikes in the North became more frequent, and severe ones like the 1912 Bread and Roses Strike in neighboring Lawrence were driving up costs for investors. Many textile companies changed to a policy of disinvestment, running the mills with no capital improvements until they were no longer capable of producing profit that could be used to build or improve new factories elsewhere. In 1916, the Bigelow Carpet Company, which had previously purchased the Lowell Manufacturing Company, left Lowell. This was the first of the major corporations to move operations to the South or go bankrupt. World War I briefly improved the situation, but from 1926 to 1929, most of the rest of the companies, including the Lowell Machine Shop (which had become the Saco-Lowell Shops) left the city: The Great Depression had come to Lowell early. In 1930, Lowell's population was slightly over 100,000, down from a high of 112,000 a decade earlier. The textile industry employed 8,000 in 1936, it had been 17,000 in 1900. By the onset of World War II, 40% of the city's population was on relief. World War II again briefly helped the economy, since not only did demand for clothing go up, but Lowell was involved in munitions manufacturing. After the war, things cooled again. In 1956, the Boott Mills closed, and after over 130 years, the Merrimack Manufacturing Company closed in 1958.
Bottoming out.
By the mid-1970s, Lowell's population had fallen to 91,000, and 12% of residents were unemployed. The industrial economy of the city had been reduced to many smaller scale, marginal businesses. The city's infrastructure and buildings were largely over one hundred years old, obsolete and decaying, often abandoned and in foreclosure. Urban renewal demolished many historic structures in a desperate attempt to improve the overall situation in Lowell. In 1939, the Greek Acre was the first district in the nation to face "slum clearance" with Federal Urban Renewal money. In the late 1950s, Little Canada was bulldozed. In 1960, the Merrimack Manufacturing Company's millyard and boardinghouses were demolished to make way for warehouses and public housing projects. Other neighborhoods like Hale-Howard between Thorndike and Chelmsford Streets, and an area between Gorham and South Streets, were cleared as well. Arson became a serious issue, and crime in general rose. Lowell's reputation suffered tremendously.
As the car took over American life after World War II, the downtown, which already was facing problems due to a drop in expendable income, was largely vacated as business moved to suburban shopping malls. The theatres and department stores left, and much smaller enterprises moved in if anything. Many buildings were torn down for parking lots, and many others burned down, and were not replaced. Others had their top floors removed to reduce tax bills and many facades were "modernized" destroying the Victorian character of the downtown. Road widening and other improvements destroyed a row of business next to city hall, as well as the area that has become the Lord Overpass. The construction of the Lowell Connector around 1960 was surprisingly unintrusive for an urban interstate, but that was only because plans to extend it to East Merrimack Street by way of Back Central and the Concord Riverfront were cancelled. Talk began on filling in the canals to make more real estate.
Officials described the city as looking like Europe after World War II. However, the demolition and decay of much of what had made Lowell a vibrant city led some residents to begin thinking about saving the historical structures.
National Park.
Lowell, even as far back as the 1860s, was described as a city with little civic pride. At the time, Crowley attributed it to a large percentage of the population being foreign born and therefore having no real roots there. Post its industrial collapse, that sentiment intensified, even if the reasons had changed. Many residents of Lowell viewed the city's industrial history poorly - the factories had abandoned their workers, and now sat empty and in disrepair. However, some city residents, such as educator Patrick J Mogan, viewed the city's history as something that should be preserved and capitalized on. In 1974, Lowell Heritage State Park was founded, and in 1978, Lowell National Historical Park was created as an urban national park, through legislation filed by Lowell native, congressman, and later senator Paul Tsongas. The canal system, many mills, and some commercial structures downtown were saved by the creation of the park and the visitors it brought.
The Massachusetts Miracle brought new jobs and money to the city in the 1980s. Wang Laboratories became a major employer, and built their world headquarters on the edge of the city. After the Vietnam War and the Khmer Rouge rule of Cambodia, many Southeast Asians, and particularly Cambodians moved into the city. Lowell became the largest Cambodian community on the east coast, and second nationally to Long Beach, California. Combined with other immigrant groups like Puerto Ricans, these newcomers brought the city's population back up to six figures. However, this prosperity was short-lived. By 1990, the Massachusetts Miracle was over, Wang had virtually disappeared, and even more of Lowell's long-established businesses failed. Around this time, the last large department store left downtown Lowell, largely blamed on suburban factors, including a large mall built a short drive away in tax-free New Hampshire in the mid-1980s. Additionally, gang violence and the drug trade had become severe. The HBO special, "High on Crack Street: Lost Lives in Lowell" was filmed in 1995 which tended to emphasize the reputation of the city as a dangerous and depressed place to be.
Modern era.
Aside from the National Historical Park, Lowell is a functioning modern city of over 100,000 residents. Numerous initiatives have taken place over the last fifteen years to re-focus the city away from manufacturing, and towards a post-industrial economy.
Community Development.
New groups have moved into Lowell's neighborhoods, including Brazilians and Africans, continuing Lowell's traditional role as a melting pot.
Lowell has been cited as one of the safest cities of its size in the nation.
A project that will redevelop land once held by the Saco-Lowell Shops and the Hamilton and Appleton Mills was underway in 2009. Numerous projects are being undertaken around the city, to beautify and redevelop decaying areas.
Tourism and Entertainment.
The Tsongas Center at UMass Lowell and LeLacheur Park were constructed in 1998. Lowell Devils hockey and Lowell Spinners baseball farm teams came to the city. National circuit entertainment is performed at the arena and at the old Lowell Memorial Auditorium. The Lowell Folk Festival, the largest free folk festival in the country, is an annual event.
The National Park has continued to expand; many buildings are still being rehabilitated.
After Massachusetts started offering a tax credit to those who film in the Commonwealth, a few movies have been made in Lowell. "The Invention of Lying" was released in September 2009, and shortly before, filming on "The Fighter", about Lowell boxing legend Micky Ward and his older brother Dicky Eklund, was completed.
Education.
The University of Massachusetts Lowell and Middlesex Community College are playing increasingly larger roles in the city. In 2009, UMass Lowell bought up the underutilized Doubletree hotel for use as a dormitory, increasing their presence in the city's downtown.

</doc>
<doc id="9756600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756600" title="Fingask Castle">
Fingask Castle

Fingask Castle is a country house in Perth and Kinross, Scotland. It is perched above Rait, three miles (5 km) north-east of Errol, in the Braes of the Carse, on the fringes of the Sidlaw Hills. Thus it overlooks both the Carse of Gowrie and the Firth of Tay and beyond into the Kingdom of Fife. The name derives from Gaelic "fionn-gasg": a white or light-coloured appendage.
Fingask was once an explicitly holy place, a convenient and numinous stop-off between the abbeys at Falkirk and Scone. It was later held by the Bruce family, and then by the Threiplands. In the eighteenth century it was a nest of Jacobites and was forfeited. Since 1969 the castle has been a Threipland property again. Today, though still riddled with shrines, it is best known for its garden and parties. Fingask, referred to as "a jewel in the bosom of a glen" by an anonymous writer, is also home to the Fingask Follies, an annual musical event that takes place in late May and early June. The castle is a Category B listed building, and the estate is included on the "Inventory of Historic Gardens and Designed Landscapes", the national register of significant gardens.
History.
There are mentions of the lands of Fingask in the Foundation Charter of the Abbey of Scone by Alexander I. The date of the charter is said to be 1114 or 1115. The Bruce family owned the lands of Rait, including Fingask, from the 15th century. The Bruces were descended from the senior line of the Bruces of Clackmannan, which included Sir David Bruce who married Janet, daughter of Sir William Stirling of Keir. Their son, Robert Bruce held charter of Rate (Rait) in 1484, confirmed 1488, and his son David resigned his right to Clackmannan to his uncle in February 1506/7. At the time when Patrick Bruce was laird, a stone was set into the house showing the date 1594. A tombstone near the ruined church of Rait reveals:
The last of the Bruce lairds of Fingask was Laurence Bruce, whose "pecuniary involvements necessitated the sale of the estate for the behoof of his creditors in the year 1671".
Threipland baronets.
In 1672 Patrick Threipland purchased the estate, which was erected into a barony the same year. He renovated the building and laid out the gardens, and in 1674 he added the neighbouring Braes of the Carse tower house and estate of Kinnaird to his realm. The same year he was knighted for his diligence in the suppression of conventiclers, and in 1687 he was created a baronet of Nova Scotia, although he died a prisoner at Stirling Castle for adherence to the ousted King James VII, in 1689. 
His son David, 2nd Baronet, (c.1670–1746) joined the Jacobite rising of 1715, and fought with the Earl of Mar against the government at the Battle of Sheriffmuir. When the rising failed, the baronetcy was attainted by act of parliament and Fingask and its estate was forfeited. Fingask was purchased for £9,606 6s 4.5d by the York Buildings Company, an English waterworks company which had begun to specialise in forfeited land. The company held the property until 1783, meanwhile leasing it to Dame Katherine (Kattrin) Threipland, "the lass of Gowrie" (d. 18 March 1762), daughter of the 2nd baronet.
Fingask Castle was badly damaged in 1745 by government troops, as the Threiplands once more supported the Jacobites in the second Jacobite rising. David Threipland (1694–1745), son of the 2nd baronet, was killed at the Battle of Prestonpans. His half-brother Dr. Stuart Threipland (1716–1805), repurchased Fingask in 1783 at a sale of forfeited land, for £12,207. He married firstly at St. Paul's, Edinburgh, in 1753, Jannet, daughter of David Sinclair of Southdun, Caithness, and secondly at St. Paul's Edinburgh, in 1761, Jannet daughter of Richard Murray of Pennyland, heiress of her cousin Grizel Budge (d. 1798) of Dale & Toftingall, Halkirk, Caithness. His sister Miss Euphame ("Aunt Effie") Threipland (1713- ) is said to have run the estate in his absence. Dr Threipland was President of the Royal Medical Society from 1766.
In 1826, the attainder of 1715 was repealed by Act of Parliament, and Sir Patrick (aka Peter) Budge Murray Threipland (1762–1837), an advocate, was restored to the dignity of a baronet. He later served as Deputy Lieutenant for Perthshire and Caithness. In 1792 he married his first cousin once-removed Jessy (d. 1855), daughter of William Scott Kerr of Chatto or Thirlestane. Her grandmother was a daughter of Sir David Threipland, 2nd Bt., by his first wife. Between 1828 and 1831 Sir Patrick added to the front west part of the house. Embellishment and building onto the south front continued until 1840.
Sir Patrick-Murray (aka Peter) Threipland, 5th Bt (1800–1882), was educated in Edinburgh and Paris. He served as a major in the Perth militia, retiring in 1843, and was a Commissioner for Supply for the counties of Perth and Caithness. He was also a Justice of the Peace and Deputy Lieutenant of Perth and Caithness.
Before and after his mother died in 1855 he lived at Fingask with his three elder sisters. The UK Census of 31 March 1851 records a staff of seven at Fingask: Housekeeper (Jean Oswald); Ladies Maid (Mary Gray); Cook (Margaret Stewart); Sir Peter's House Maid (Mary McLagan); Butler (David Chalmers); Footman (John Bertram); and Coachman (Andrew David). Mrs Drummond of Megginch Castle described the family:
When Miss Jessie died in May 1871, Mrs Drummond reported that the "life of the old house went out". On the death of Sir Patrick in 1882, the Threipland Baronetcy became dormant. Fingask was left to his first cousin's second son, William Scott Kerr, who subsequently changed his name to William Murray Threipland. In 1915 he was appointed to command the newly raised Welsh Guards, and became Colonel of the regiment in 1937.
Other owners.
The castle passed out of the Threipland family again in 1917, when it was bought by whisky merchant Sir John Henderson Stewart, 1st Baronet. In 1917 the Fingask estate was made up of . This comprised arable , hill , and woods . The rental of the Fingask, and those of the much smaller estates of Kinnaird, and Inchmichael (which he had added), had given Sir John an annual rental return of £4,000. Sir John became heavily indebted due to the Prohibition of alcohol in the United States, and committed suicide at Fingask on 6 February 1924. The estate was bought by H. B. Gilroy of Ballumbie in 1925. The house was saved from ruin but wholly re-modelled, all spiral staircases removed and nineteenth-century frontal additions demolished.
Return to the Threipland family.
In 1969 the estate returned to the Threipland family, when it was bought by Mark Stepney Murray Threipland, grandson of Colonel William Murray Threipland. Mark was the son of Patrick Murray Threipland and Marged Howard Stepney (a descendant of the 2nd Lord De Tabley and Jerome de Salis, amongst many others). By this time the estate had been reduced to . He, his wife, Molly and their son, Gavin, lived there for twenty-five years in which time they planted many hundreds of trees. In 1996 Fingask was bought by Andrew Murray Threipland, son of Patrick Murray Threipland and Leslie McNair Scott in 1996.
The castle.
The castle itself is dated 1592, and was built around a 12th-century structure. Between 1828 and 1840 additions were made to the south and west of the castle. Sir Patrick Threipland, 4th Baronet (1762–1837) laid out the park, and his son planted the topiary gardens and installed statuary.
Gardens.
The garden is renowned for its topiary, but also features "The Pavilion", a picturesque venue for things such as colloquia and wedding parties. There are statues by David Anderson, sculptor, of Perth, of characters from Scots literature. Works depicted include Alexander Wilson's "Watty and Meg", Burns' "Willie Brew’d a Peck o’ Maut, And Rab and Allan cam’ tae Pree", Sir Walter Scott's "Last Minstrel/Ossian", and Burns' Tam O' Shanter and Kate. By other sculptors are also to be found the naked black figure of Doryphoros; a full length statue of William Pitt the Younger, and some small pieces by Charles Spence. Off the drive, in a sheltered glen, is the Well of St. Peter with the "Linn-ma-Gray" flowing beside it. On a stone above the well are the appropriate lines:
Fingask Follies.
The Follies is an annual musical revue conceived at Fingask by the current owner, Andrew Threipland. The show comprises two acts of 35 minutes with an hour break for supper. The fifteenth Follies season took place in May 2010. Originally the Follies ran for 3 nights; it has now expanded to 16 shows: 8 nights at Fingask and a tour taking in venues in Edinburgh (the New Club and the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh; Glasgow (the Glasgow Art Club); Aberdeen (Crimonmogate house); Dumfriesshire (Balgray); Peebles (Eastgate Theatre); Norfolk (Stradsett Hall); Hertfordshire; and London (the Polish Club).
Past venues include: Blairquhan (chez the late Jamie Hunter Blair) (2000–2005); Scone Palace (2006); Caprington Castle (Ayrshire); Fowlis Castle in Rosshire (2007); Guards' Club (2007); and Flintham in Nottinghamshire (2004).
Fingask Subscription Mural.
This subscriptive and accretive mural by Ivan Govorkov and Lena Gubanova of St. Petersburg is designed partly to raise money for the Fingask Follies. The wall painting, which in the main measures 180 by , is added to each spring and now has already nearly 60 objects, including 35 portraits. The painting features portraits of Follies patrons Sir James Cayzer, Bt; Vicky Jardine Patterson; Claire Enders; Heloise Thomson; Chic Murray; a cat, Harry Wood, (sponsored by Alexander McCall Smith); Richard Marner; Sir Mark and Lady (Judy) Moody-Stuart (he is a descendant of Alexander Moody Stuart of Rait); and Follies performer Lofty Buchanan. This is thought to be the only active subscription portrait in existence.
Popular culture.
Fingask Castle was the venue for the marriage of The Deep Red Sky drummer John Alexander and Louise Blackhall in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9756611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756611" title="Jean-Pierre Voyer">
Jean-Pierre Voyer

Jean-Pierre Voyer (born 1938, Bolbec) is a post-situationist French philosopher. His main thesis is the non-existence of economy, and he claims to be inspired by Hegel and Marx, although he is very critical of the latter. He criticizes utilitarianism. Jorion has also published in the Revue de Mauss, a French anti-utilitarian journal.

</doc>
<doc id="9756619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756619" title="Virgin Health Bank">
Virgin Health Bank

Virgin Health Bank is a transplant quality cord blood stem cell bank that combines services with educational initiatives for families and the medical community.
Cord blood banking enables stem cells to be collected from the blood remaining in a baby’s umbilical cord and then cryo-preserved so that they can be used in therapies should the child or other matched recipients require them. 
Virgin Health Bank was established to fulfil three key purposes:
Virgin Health Bank operates in the United Kingdom and in the State of Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="9756633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756633" title="Practical arguments">
Practical arguments

Practical arguments are a logical structure used to determine the validity or dependencies of a claim made in natural language.
See argument for uses and general information.
Overview.
An argument can be thought of as two or more contradicting tree structures.
The object of a discussion is often to resolve a difference of opinion.
This requires common grounds from which to logically convince your opponent that your claim is better supported and that their claim is supported by false grounds and or warrants. (see Occam's razor) If one has no grounds or warrants to support ones claim, then one has no argument just a belief/claim, probably an inaccurate one. 
Example 1:
Example 2:

</doc>
<doc id="9756641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756641" title="Springfield Terminal Railway">
Springfield Terminal Railway

Springfield Terminal Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9756648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756648" title="Classification of wine">
Classification of wine

The classification of wine can be done according to various methods including place of origin or appellation, vinification methods and style, sweetness and vintage, or varietal used. Practices vary in different countries and regions of origin, and many practices have varied over time. Some classifications enjoy official protection by being part of the wine law in their country of origin, while other have been created by, for example, grower's organizations without such protection.
"Wine".
Within the European Union, the term "wine" in English and in translation is reserved exclusively for the fermented juice of grapes.
Within the United States, wine may include the fermented juice of any fruit or agricultural product, provided that it is between 7% and 24% alcohol by volume and intended for non-industrial use. With the exceptions of cider, perry, and sake, such non-grape wines are to label themselves by the word "wine" qualified by a truthful description of the originating product: "honey wine", "dandelion wine", (blended) "fruit wine", etc.
Other jurisdictions have similar rules dictating the range of products qualifying as "wine".
By appellation.
Historically, wines have been known by names reflecting their origin, and sometimes style: Bordeaux, Rioja, Mosel and Chianti are all legally defined names reflecting the traditional wines produced in the named region. These naming conventions or "appellations" (as they are known in France) dictate not only where the grapes in a wine were grown but also which grapes went into the wine and how they were vinified. The appellation system is strongest in the European Union, but a related system, the American Viticultural Area, restricts the use of certain regional labels in America, such as Napa Valley, Santa Barbara and Willamette Valley. The AVA designations do not restrict the type of grape used.
In most of the world, wine labeled Champagne must be made from grapes grown in the Champagne region of France and fermented using a certain method, based on the international trademark agreements included in the 1919 Treaty of Versailles. However, in the United States, a legal definition called semi-generic has enabled U.S. winemakers to use certain generic terms (Champagne, Hock, Sherry, etc.) if there appears next to the term the actual appellation of origin.
More recently, wine regions in countries with less stringent location protection laws such as the United States and Australia have joined with well-known European wine producing regions to sign the Napa Declaration to Protect Wine Place and Origin, commonly known as the Napa Declaration on Place. This is a "declaration of joint principles stating the importance of location to wine and the need to protect place names". The Declaration was signed in July 2005 by four United States winegrowing regions and three European Union winegrowing regions.
The signatory regions from the US were Napa Valley, Washington, Oregon and Walla Walla, while the signatory regions from the EU were: Champagne, Cognac (the commune where Cognac is produced), Douro (the region where Port wine is produced) and Jerez (the region where Sherry is produced).
The list of signatories to the agreement expanded in March 2007 when Sonoma County, Paso Robles, Chianti Classico, Tokay, Victoria, Australia and Western Australia signed the Declaration at a ceremony in Washington, DC.
Regional wine classifications.
Many regional wine classifications exist as part of tradition or appellation law. The most common of these is based on vineyard sites and include the Bordeaux Wine Official Classification of 1855, though some regions classify their wines based on the style like the German wine classification system. Vineyard classification has a long history dating from some early examples in Jurançon in the 14th century, in 1644 when the council of Würzburg ranked the city's vineyards by quality,and the early five-level designation of vineyards based on quality in Tokaj-Hegyalja in 1700.
Other well known classifications include:
The follow regions are classified by vineyards, not estate.
By vinification methods and style.
Wines may be classified by vinification methods. These include classifications such as red or white wine, sparkling, semi-sparkling or still, fortified and dessert wines. The color of wine is not determined by the juice of the grape, which is almost always clear, but rather by the presence or absence of the grape skin during fermentation. Grapes with colored juice, for example alicante bouchet, are known as teinturier. Red wine is made from red (or black) grapes, but its red color is bestowed by a process called maceration, whereby the skin is left in contact with the juice during fermentation. White wine can be made from any colour of grape as the skin is separated from the juice during fermentation. A white wine made from a very dark grape may appear pink or 'blush'. A form of Rosé is called "Blanc de Noirs" where the juice of red grapes are allowed contact with the skins for a very short time (usually only a couple of hours).
Sparkling and still wines.
Sparkling wines such as champagne, contain carbon dioxide which is produced naturally from fermentation or force-injected later. To have this effect, the wine is fermented twice, once in an open container to allow the carbon dioxide to escape into the air, and a second time in a sealed container, where the gas is caught and remains in the wine. Sparkling wines that gain their carbonation from the traditional method of bottle fermentation are labelled "Bottle Fermented", ""Méthode Traditionelle"", or ""Méthode Champenoise"". The latter designation was outlawed for all wines other than Champagne (which for obvious reasons does not bother to utilize it) in Europe in 1994.
Other international denominations of sparkling wine include Sekt or Schaumwein (Germany), Cava (Spain), Spumante (Italy) and Espumante (Portugal). Semi-sparkling wines are sparkling wines that contain less than 2.5 atmospheres of carbon dioxide at sea level and 20 °C. Some countries such as the UK impose a higher tax on fully sparkling wines. Examples of semi-sparkling synonym terms are "Frizzante" in Italy, "Vino de Aguja" in Spain and "Petillant" in France. In most countries except the United States, champagne is legally defined as sparkling wine originating from a region (Champagne, Towns "Reims, Épernay") in France. Still wines are wines that have not gone through the sparkling wine methods and have no effervescence.
Dessert and fortified wine.
Dessert wines range from slightly sweet (with less than 50 g/L of sugar) to incredibly sweet wines (with over 400 g/L of sugar). Late harvest wines such as Spätlese are made from grapes harvested well after they have reached maximum ripeness. Dried grape wines, such as Recioto and Vin Santo from Italy, are made from grapes that have been partially raisined after harvesting. Botrytized wines are made from grapes infected by the mold Botrytis cinerea or noble rot. These include Sauternes from Bordeaux, numerous wines from Loire such as Bonnezeaux and Quarts de Chaume, Tokaji Aszú from Hungary, and Beerenauslese. Ice Wine is made from grapes that are harvested while they are frozen. Fortified wines are often sweeter, and generally more alcoholic wines that have had their fermentation process stopped by the addition of a spirit, such as brandy, or have had additional spirit added after fermentation. Examples include Port, Madeira and Sherry.
Other styles.
Table wines may have an alcohol content that is no higher than 14% in the U.S.. In Europe, light wine must be within 8.5% and 14% alcohol by volume. Thus, unless a wine has more than 14% alcohol, or it has bubbles, it is a table wine or a light wine. Table wines are usually classified as "white," "red," or "rosé," depending on their colour. In Europe 'vins de table' (in French), 'vino da tavola' (in Italian), 'Tafelwein' (in German) or 'vino de mesa' (in Spanish), which translate to 'table wine' in English, are cheaper wines that often on the label do not include the information on the grape variety used or the region of origin.
Cooking wine or Cooking sherry usually refers to inexpensive grape wine or rice wine (in Chinese and other East Asian cuisine). It is intended for use as an ingredient in food rather than as a beverage. Cooking wine typically available in North America is treated with salt as a preservative and food colouring. In other countries sherry wine is used for cooking. There is a school of thought that advises against cooking with any wine one would find unacceptable to drink.
When a usual wine bottle is opened and the wine is exposed to oxygen, a fermentative process will transform the alcohol into acetic acid resulting in wine vinegar. This does not happen in fortified wines, as the alcohol content is too high. The salt in cooking wine inhibits the growth of the microorganisms that produce acetic acid. This will preserve a bottle of cooking wine, which may be opened and used occasionally over a long period of time.
By vintage or varietal.
A vintage wine is one made from grapes that were all, or primarily, grown in a single specified year, and are accordingly dated as such. Consequently, it is not uncommon for wine enthusiasts and traders to save bottles of an especially good vintage wine for future consumption. However, there is some disagreement and research about the significance of vintage year to wine quality. Most countries allow a vintage wine to include a portion of wine that is not from the labeled vintage.
A varietal wine is wine made from a dominant grape such as a Chardonnay or a Cabernet Sauvignon. The wine may not be entirely of that one grape and varietal labeling laws differ. In the United States a wine needs to be composed of at least 75% of a particular grape to be labeled as a varietal wine. In the European Union, a minimum of 85% is required if the name of a single varietal is displayed, and if two or more varietals are mentioned, these varietals combined must make up 100% and they must be listed in descending order. E.g., a mixture of 70% Chardonnay and 30% Viognier must be called Chardonnay-Viognier rather than Viognier-Chardonnay.

</doc>
<doc id="9756666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756666" title="Val di Merse">
Val di Merse

Val di Merse is one of the regions of the province of Siena, in Tuscany. It is located on the border with the Upper Maremma and it is renowned for its unspoilt nature. The territory comprises the area between the rivers Farma and Merse and it is covered in woods which hide medieval hamlets and castles. It is an area rich in waters known for their healing powers, such as the hot springs of Bagni di Petriolo.
Val di Merse is renowned for its nature and for the Abbey of San Galgano with its world-famous "sword in the stone". The area has several beautiful villages, such as Monticiano, Chiusdino, Murlo and Sovicille.
Chiusdino is also on a hilltop overlooking both the valley of the river Merse and the Metalliferous Hills of the Maremma, home to the town of Massa Marittima. The village has the structure of a fortified castle and dates back to the 9th century. In Chiusdino you can visit the Church of San Martino, the Prepositura di San Michele next to the house where Saint Galgano was born and the church of the Compagnia di San Galgano where there is a beautiful bas-relief depicting the saint cutting the stone with his sword. Near Chiusdino the ancient castle of the Della Gherardesca Counts, the 11th century hamlet of Frosini, is well worth a visit and so are Luriano, Castelletto and the Montalcinello castle.
Murlo is a very old “castle-village”. The castle was built in the 12th century and it underwent remarkable changes in the 16th century after the end of the power of the Republic of Siena. Buildings of note include the Bishop’s Palace, which houses the Archeological Museum, the cathedral and the old prison.
It is located on a high hill which overlooks the wooded valley of the river Crevole. This part of the Val di Merse is on the border with the Val d’Arbia in the Crete Senesi area. From the village, visitors can enjoy the view over the valley of the river Ombrone up to the hill of Montalcino. Murlo is of Etruscan origin and remains of the Etruscan settlements were found at Poggio Civitate and Poggio Aguzzo.
Vescovado has the peculiarity of having been created by the fusion of the villages of Andica and Tinoni, still separated at the beginning of the 19th century. In the village church visitors can see a painting of the Madonna by Benvenuto di Giovanni (15th century).
Sovicille is approximately west of Siena on the old via Maremmana, the road which linked Siena with the coast of the Maremma. This area has been inhabited since the Stone Age and archaeologists have found remains of prehistoric, Etruscan and Roman settlements. Sovicille and its surrounding area are rich in historic-artistic treasures: abbeys and Romanesque parish churches such as those of San Giusto a Balli, Pernina, Molli, Ponte allo Spino, San Lorenzo a Sovicille and Torri where visitors can admire the beautiful polychromatic cloister in the Abbey of Santa Mustiola (13th century). There are also some remarkable villas such as Villa Cetinale (17th century, designed by Carlo Fontana),Villa Celsa with its beautiful gardens and Villa Linari (18th century).
Museums.
Antiquarium di Poggio Civitate Archaeological Museum
Murlo hosts an Archaeological Museum in what once was the Bishop’s Palace. In the museum visitors can admire some important finds from the Poggio Civitate area. These treasures greatly helped our understanding of Etruscan civilization thanks to the excavation of a noble palace (7th century BC) and a craftsman’s workshop, which opened a whole new window to this people, who until that point were studied mostly through the excavation of villages and tombs.
Museum of the Wood
Besides the Archaeological museums, Val di Merse hosts some other interesting museums, among which the Museum of the Wood in Orgia that cannot be missed if one wants to learn the history and environment of this area of the Siena region. The museum is located in an old barn and it houses objects used by woodsmen and charcoal burners which describe in a very effective manner the life of this area as it was until 50 years ago.
The museum proposes five walking itineraries: the Charcoal Burners (4 kilometres (2.5 miles); the Hermitage (5 kilometres, 3 miles); the River (4 km), and Castiglion che Dio sol Sa (21 kilometres, 13 miles) which are perfect for people who love to hike. It is a journey through anthropology, botany, fauna and landscape which provides a good insight into the life in the woods and related activities. There are also some theme visits such as “The wood as laboratory ” which consists of a visit of one of the itineraries with a more detailed explanation of aspects relative to the plants, animals, and territory of the Val di Merse. Detailed maps are also available.
Charcoal Burners
The museum and the hikes will be of interest to those interested in pre-industrial archaeology who want to know more about a very important profession in this area, the work of charcoal burners. You can learn about the “palaioli ” who cut the poles, the “vetturini” who transported the timber with the aid of tireless mules, the “charcoal burners”, blackened men who lived in huts, from time to time selecting the most suitable areas for the production of charcoal. They knew the ancient art of transforming timber into charcoal through a slow burning process that took up to five days. The vetturini then came with the “imballini”, the men who put the charcoal in balle, big hemp bags, and checked their exact weight. Of course, the new industrial production methods and the exploitation of other sources of energy have condemned this ancient profession to a rapid decline.
For people interested in the way people lived in the area in the past, a walk through the woods of the Val di Merse will be of great interest. In the area of the rivers Farma and Merse, there are many visible remains of mills that in the Middle Ages exploited the waters to produce energy for their pre-industrial productions. In the Chiusdino area, after the year 1000, castles were built, like the one in Miranduolo, where people specialised in exploiting local mineral deposits and rich monasteries like those of Saint Galgano or at Saint Maria di Serena built dozens of corn grinding mills and fulling mills for working wool. Numerous mills were owned by monasteries and aristocratic families. In the 13th century the abbey of Santa Trinità di Torri and the Municipality of Siena worked together to build a series of large mills along the river Merse between the villages Brenna and Orgia, to supply Siena with flour. Near Murlo, metal has been worked since the Etruscan age, and near Monticiano, along the river Farma, on territory governed by the municipality of Roccastrada, several ironworks built from the late 13th century onwards are still visible.

</doc>
<doc id="9756667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756667" title="Southern Vermont Railway">
Southern Vermont Railway

The Southern Vermont Railway proposed to build between Windsor and Brattleboro, Vermont in the interest of the Central Vermont Railway, giving it a line independent of the Boston and Maine Railroad on which the Central Vermont had trackage rights. It was never built.

</doc>
<doc id="9756668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756668" title="Pine Log State Forest">
Pine Log State Forest

The Pine Log State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in the panhandle, near Ebro. It was established in 1936 and is Florida's oldest state forest.
Facilities and activities available include camping, swimming, fishing, boat ramp, picnicking, bicycling, hiking and nature trails, equestrian trails and horseback riding.

</doc>
<doc id="9756682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756682" title="North face">
North face

North face or Northface or The North Face may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9756689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756689" title="List of Vice Presidents of Colombia">
List of Vice Presidents of Colombia

This is a List of Vice Presidents of Colombia.
Vice Presidents of the Republic of Colombia (1819-1831).
Vice Presidents of the Departments.
Upon creation of the Republic of Colombia, Congress divided the country into three departments and appointed a "Vice President" to each one. These vice presidents were more like governors of their department however, and there was no "President" for every department. so it was:
The office of Vice President of Quito was left vacant since it was still under Spanish rule, but once if was liberated the office was never filled either.
Living former vice presidents.
, there are five living former presidents:
The most recent death of a former vice president was that of Carlos Lemos Simmonds (1997–1998) on ; he was 69 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="9756694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756694" title="Ahmad Moqbel Zarar">
Ahmad Moqbel Zarar

Zarar Ahmad Osmani (1964) is a politician in Afghanistan, currently serving as Acting Foreign Minister and Foreign Minister-designate. He previously served as Minister of Counter Narcotics and as Governor of Parwan Province. Prior to this he served as Chief of Police of Parwan province and as Afghan Ambassador to Iran. He has also joined the mujahideen during the Soviet war in Afghanistan, fighting against the Afghan government that was led by Mohammad Najibullah.
Early years and education.
Osmani was born in 1964 to an middle-class family in Khuwaja Sayaran village, Parwan Province, Afghanistan. His father was a parliamentarian during President Daoud Khan's administration. He completed his primary education at Sayed Jamaluddin Afghani School in Kabul and his secondary education at Mohammad Osman Khan-e-Parwani Vocational School. He graduated from Habibia High School and later enrolled in the Polytechnical University of Kabul. He obtained his BA from the Parwan Pedagogy Institute specializing in math and physics.
Careers.
During the Soviet war in Afghanistan, Osmani and his brother (Mir Ali Ahmad) got involved in anti-state mujahideen activities. In 1987, after his brother was killed, Osmani was arrested by the Afghan government under Najibullah and sentenced to 20 years at Pul-e-Charkhi prison in Kabul. However, after the collapse of Najibullah's government in 1992, Osmani was released and was made the Deputy Chief of Staff at the Ministry of National Defense under new the Islamic State of Afghanistan.
By April 1994, Osmani was serving as Chief of Police of Parwan province. Between 1998 and 2002, he served as First Secretary and later as Afghan Ambassador to Iran. It is said that he was instrumental in helping unite the Northern Alliance. After the collapse of the Taliban regime and establishment of the Karzai administration, Osamani became Governor of Parwan Province in February 2004.
In 2009, Osmani was appointed Minister of Counter Narcotics. During his confirmation, he received the highest ever number of confidence votes from the Afghan Parliament.
On 28 October 2013, President Karzai appointed Osmani as the acting Foreign Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="9756695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756695" title="Summer Jam (song)">
Summer Jam (song)

"Summer Jam" is a freestyle/2-step garage dance song written and sung by Canadian singers Vic Krishna and Craig Smart from The Underdog Project. It was released on November 14, 2000. It is the first single from their album "It Doesn't Matter". The song was considered a big hit in Europe, as it stayed at number three on the German pop charts and was number one on both charts in Belgium, and number one in the Netherlands. After that, the single aired on some of the most popular radio stations in the US like WPOW in Miami and New York City's WKTU. The song was released in the UK in 2001, and re-released as "Summer Jam 2003" in 2003.
This song features samples of the original hit from 1997, "Fiesta" by The Sunclub.
Lyrics and music.
Songwriter/composer(s): Vic Krishna, Christoph Brüx, Toni Cottura, Craig Scott Smart, Stephan Browarczyk, Shahin Moshirian
Charts and sales.
Peak positions.
1 "Summer Jam 2003", The Underdog Project vs The Sunclub

</doc>
<doc id="9756700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756700" title="Lucky Numbers (TV series)">
Lucky Numbers (TV series)

Lucky Numbers was a Bingo-based game show that aired on ITV from 9 January 1995 to 4 July 1997. It was hosted by Shane Richie.
The show was one of the first UK game shows which allowed viewers to take part at home and win. The show was sponsored by The Sun newspaper, and each week the viewer was supplied with a game-card (to viewers that purchased a copy of the newspaper). They had to cross off numbers that appeared on that week's show and those that crossed off all their numbers by the time the 'big hooter' sounded on the show would win (or share if there was more than one winner) a prize of £20,000.
Main Game.
Each contestant had a bingo card with 15 numbers on them. The top row numbers go from 1-15, the middle row numbers go from 16-30 and the bottom row went from 31-45. And they are all across the contestants' podiums. The object of the game was to light up all 15 squares of their cards. They did that by answering a series of questions correctly. Get a question wrong, and the player is frozen out of the next question. Also unlike the two previous versions, the numbers lit up at random, not in numerical order or by verbal choice. And finally, when the home game was over by the sound of the hooter, the remaining numbers were blacked out and replaced with stars. The game was played for three rounds; the first two were worth £500 and the third was worth £1,000 for a total of £2,000.
Round 1.
In the first round, the contestants tried to light up all four corners of their cards.
Round 2.
The next round saw contestants try to be the first to light up their center row. They did that by answering questions from five categories.
Round 3.
The final round had the contestants compete to complete their bingo cards and get a Full House. The first one to do that won the game and advanced to the 'Cash Dash'.
Cash Dash (Bonus Round).
To begin the final round, the winning contestant gambled as much of his/her current cash total as he/she wished.
Now, the winning contestant faced a game board numbered 1-25. The object of the round was to get five squares in a row in any direction, either across, up & down, or diagonally in 45 seconds or less. He/she did that by answering a series of questions correctly. Prior to the start of the round, random free spaces were given. The rules are simple, the winning contestant picked a number, then a question was asked. A correct answer turned that number into a pound sign (£), but an incorrect answer or pass blocked that square, at which point, the contestant must start a new route. If the winning contestant can get five-in-a-row before time ran out, he/she won 10 times the money gambled (in addition to the money not used in gambling). Since £2,000 was the highest any player can go, any player can win up to £20,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9756720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756720" title="Felipe Neri">
Felipe Neri

Felipe Neri (sometimes known as Felipe Neri Jiménez, born August 23, 1884 - died January, 1914) was a soldier and general in the Mexican Revolution.
Early life.
He was born in the neighborhood of Gualupita, in Cuernavaca, Morelos, on August 23, 1884, to Pedro Neri and Faustina Jiménez. Before the Mexican revolution Felipe Neri worked as a kiln operator at a Chinameca hacienda.
The Revolution.
He joined the rebellion in March 1911 and took part in the Battle of Cuautla. A bomb which he mis-threw exploded nearby and left him completely deaf. According to some sources the incident that took away his hearing made Neri particularly ruthless in how he treated captive prisoners; he either had them executed or he would cut off one of their ears as a "mark of Cain". His injury and this practice earned him the nickname of "mochaorejas" - "clipper of ears".
On the Zapatista Revolutionary Junta.
He became part of the "Zapatista's" ruling Revolutionary Junta, headed by Emiliano Zapata, in May 1913, together with Eufemio Zapata, Genovevo de la O, Amador Salazar, Otilio Montaño Sánchez, and Manuel Palafox (who acted as the secretary).
Conflicts with other Zapatista chiefs.
On several occasions Neri and his men would come into confrontation with other "Zapatistas", notably with the troops of Genovevo de la O, and at one time almost with Zapata himself. In November 1913 Neri had appropriated some guns from the other "Zapatista" commanders which earned him a rebuke from Zapata. Neri answered with a bold letter in which he refused to return the guns, accused Zapata of favoritism and not giving him enough credit, and threatened that if Zapata tried to collect the guns again, he would break off and fight Huerta on his own.
He was killed in January 1914, while returning from a campaign in Tepoztlan, by the Zapatista forces of Antonio Barona Rojas. According to some authors, there is strong circumstantial evidence that the killing was done on the orders of Zapata himself, although an explicit order to that effect has not been found. Barona was never held accountable for the killing.

</doc>
<doc id="9756729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756729" title="Maria Matios">
Maria Matios

Maria Matios () is a Ukrainian poet and novelist. She was born in the village of Roztoky in the Bukovina region, and presently resides in Kiev. She authored 12 volumes of fiction and poetry, including the novel "Sweet Darusia" (2003), and the collections of stories titled "The Short Life" (2001) and "Nation" (2002). 
She has also published "Banquet at Maria Matios"', the first cookery book written by a contemporary Ukrainian writer, and the controversial "Boulevard Novel". Her interests include psychology, ethnography, gardening and flower-growing.
Her prose works have been translated into Russian, Polish and English ("...Hardly Ever Otherwise").
Maria Matios bases her books on the unique experiences of her family, whose roots go back as far as 1790. She was the winner of the “Book of the Year 2004” prize and of the Taras Shevchenko National Award in 2005 (for her novel "Sweet Darusia").
Matios was placed at number 2 on the electoral list of UDAR during the 2012 Ukrainian parliamentary election. She was elected into parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="9756731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756731" title="Wakulla State Forest">
Wakulla State Forest

The Wakulla State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in the panhandle, near Tallahassee.

</doc>
<doc id="9756734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756734" title="Rohrsee">
Rohrsee

The lake Rohrsee lies, as the Lichtsee, north of the village Obernberg am Brenner on 2070 m above sea level. On foot the Lake can be reached by walking 500 m further east of his bigger brother. With an area size of 1.57 ha it is only half as big.
Even this Lake shines with an excellent A grade water quality. His conditions in environment, Fauna and Flora are almost identical with those of the Lichtsee, only the Rohrsee is about 2 – 5 metres deeper.

</doc>
<doc id="9756742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756742" title="Jeff Smith (Wisconsin politician)">
Jeff Smith (Wisconsin politician)

Jeffrey E. 'Jeff' Smith (born March 15, 1953) is an American politician from Eau Claire, Wisconsin who served as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from 2007 to 2011, representing the 93rd Assembly District. He was defeated for reelection in 2010 by Republican Warren Petryk. After losing re-election in 2010, Smith become a registered Lobbyist in the State of Wisconsin. In March 2013, he became the Wisconsin Democratic Party's Regional Political Director for the Chippewa Valley region.
Legislative career.
Smith graduated from North High School and went on to run his father's window-cleaning company. He never obtained a college degree. Smith was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 2006, unseating the Republican incumbent, former local television anchor for WEAU-TV News, Robin Kreibich. He was the Chair of the Elections and Campaign Reform Committee and a member of five other committees: Colleges and Universities, Financial Institutions, Education, Renewable Energy and Rural Affairs, and Public Safety.
Voting record.
Based on lifetime voting records on gun issues and the results of a questionnaire sent to all Congressional candidates in 2008, the National Rifle Association Political Victory Fund assigned Smith a grade of C (with grades ranging from a high of A+ to a low of F). Based on a point system, with points assigned for actions in support of or in opposition to the AFL-CIO, Smith received a rating of 100. NARAL Pro-Choice Wisconsin has given Smith a rating of one-hundred percent on abortion-related issues.
2010 election.
On November 2, 2010, Smith was narrowly defeated for reelection by Republican Warren Petryk.
2012 election.
On November 6, 2012, Smith ran for his former seat and was narrowly defeated for election by Petryk.

</doc>
<doc id="9756751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756751" title="Hai!">
Hai!

Hai! is the fourth and final album to be released by British duo The Creatures, composed of former Siouxsie and the Banshees members Siouxsie Sioux and Budgie. The album was recorded in two parts: the drums were recorded by Budgie and Kodo drummer Leonard Eto in Tokyo in August 2002 and the rest of the recording was done in Europe. 
"Mojo" praised the album at the time of its release and rated it 4 stars:
""Hai!" boasts more than a few moments of jasmine-scented intimacy, where Sioux's inimitable Banshee yelp does daintily nuanced dances to Budgie's intricate marimba manipulations. A robust return".
The single "Godzilla!" included a B-side not present on the album, "Attack of the Supervixens", inspired by Russ Meyer's film "Supervixens".
CD alternative versions.
Initially, two extended CD versions were edited: one including a bonus DVD containing video footage shot by Budgie and Siouxsie in Japan, and another with a CD bonus featuring the instrumental version of the album.
A third edition called "Hai! (Nama)", containing the full Tokyo drum sessions (the early version of "Hai!"), was later edited in 2004 via "thecreatures.com". 
The standard CD of "Hai!" was also re-released in 2004 with two bonus tracks: "The Temple of Dawn" and "Attack of the Supervixens" (originally the B-sides of the "Godzilla!" CD single).

</doc>
<doc id="9756755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9756755" title="Get a Life (novel)">
Get a Life (novel)

Get a Life is a 2005 novel by the South African writer Nadine Gordimer. The novel tells the story of environmental activist Paul Bannerman and his family. Paul is diagnosed with thyroid cancer and, after surgery and subsequent radiation treatment, has to live quarantined at his parent's place for some time. This significant change in his life also affects his family.

</doc>
