<doc id="9833820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833820" title="Lukanga Swamp">
Lukanga Swamp

Lukanga Swamp is a major wetland in the Central Province of Zambia, about 50 km west of Kabwe. Its permanently swampy area consists of a roughly circular area with a diameter of 40 to 50 km covering 1850 km², plus roughly 250 km² in the mouths of and along rivers discharging into it such as the Lukanga River from the north-east, plus another 500 km² either side of the Kafue River to the west and north-west, making 2600 km² in total. It contains many lagoons such as Lake Chiposhye and Lake Suye but few large channels, and its average depth is only 1.5 m.
River connections and floodplains.
The permanent swamp is surrounded by a seasonally-inundated floodplain, varying from about 5 to 25 km wide in the south and east, up to 40 km in the north, and reaching the Kafue River and its swamps 25 km to the west and north-west. When the Kafue floods it overflows north-west through the normally dry Mwinuna channel and into the lower Lukanga River, while another channel drains out of the swamp back into the Kafue in the south-west. The Kafue meanders through its own swamps which are up to 10 km wide and extend for 90 km along the river. Numerous short rivers and streams flow into the swamp from the south, east and north, of which the Lukanga is the largest. In the rainy season the floodplains are inundated increasing the area of the wetland to 6000 km², reaching a maximum of 8000 km² at the peak flooding of a good rainy season.
Human population & fishing.
There are several inhabited islands of higher ground which stay dry through the rainy season, mainly in an arc along the western edge of the permanent swamp, such as Chilwa Island and Chiposha Island. In addition the swamp contains floating islands of papyrus which support temporary fishing camps. No seasonal roads or bridges reach into the permanently swampy areas, and only one road crosses any part of the floodplain to any extent, a dry-season road from Kabwe (with a feeder from Mpongwe) going through Mukobwe and Ibondo to a ferry across the Kafue and on to Ngabwe. Two other dirt tracks come from Mumbwa in the south to the river near Mswebe and to the floodplain at Mwanamulambo. Despite its central location in the country, the Lukanga Swamp remains relatively inaccessible and even today government authorities in Kabwe and Lusaka have relatively little knowledge of or effect on the area. 
The inhabitants of villages mainly around the north-east, east and southern floodplain practise traditional methods of fishing in the swamps and farm the edge of the floodplain. There is no commercial fishing of any size, but FAO reported a 1980 estimate of 2600 t for the fish catch, sold in the markets of Lusaka, Kabwe, and the Copperbelt. A more recent report puts the figure at 1,200 t and notes declining catches due to over-fishing.
There are some smaller commercial farms especially near the Great North Road which passes within 10 km of the floodplain at the south-eastern edge. Several large commercial farms and plantations, some with dry-season irrigation, have been established on the north side of the floodplain.
Wildlife & conservation issues.
The floodplain is classed as the Zambezian flooded grasslands ecoregion, and the surrounding woodland savanna is the Central Zambezian Miombo woodlands ecoregion, except on the south-east side which is Zambezian and Mopane woodlands ecoregion. Flooded grasslands are considered to be productive and diverse owing to the nutrients brought by the flood and the fact they provide both grazing and aquatic habitats.
The miombo woodland west of the Kafue River is a game management area stretching as far as Kafue National Park. Lukanga Swamp therefore could be considered a potential extension of that rich wildlife haven.
Lukanga Swamp is home to 316 reported bird species. It supports populations of hippopotamus, and crocodile, and is considered an important site for conservation of lechwe, oribi, marsh mongoose, sitatunga, bushbuck, and python. The western side is visited by elephant, buffalo, eland and roan antelope. In 2000 the Department of National Parks and Wildlife Service (NPWS) was reported to be under-resourced in the area and the swamps "are virtually unprotected, and poaching is excessive".
Deforestation for charcoal production and for 'slash and burn' and other types of farming is also reported as a major threat to the Lukanga Swamp ecosystem mainly
because it results in erosion of the land, turbidity of the water and siltation. In nearly all areas north-east of the swamp forests have been cleared especially for charcoal production, and land clearing for farming has been extensive on the north-east, east and southern sides of the swamp. Only the western side remains relatively untouched. The development of a tourism industry in the area, which (as has been seen for the national parks) results in greater wildlife conservation efforts, depends on providing access to this part from Mumbwa or Kabwe.
Origin of Lukanga Swamp.
The nearly circular shape of the main permanent swamp has led to speculation that Lukanga Swamp may be an impact crater (astrobleme) formed by the impact of a meteorite.
However research on the ground in 2002 found no evidence of impact shock in rocks of the area, concluding that the Lukanga Swamp is not an astrobleme. In the absence of other research data the origin of the swamp is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9833897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833897" title="Jarlath Regan">
Jarlath Regan

Jarlath Regan (born 1980) is an Irish stand-up comedian. A former graphic design consultant, Regan began his stand-up comedy career in 2003 and by the end of 2004 was a finalist for three major UK comedy newcomer awards: So You Think You're Funny, BBC New Comedy Awards and the Chortle Student Comedian Of The Year. While attending University College Dublin, he was auditor of the Literary and Historical Society.
Shortly after this he began writing sketches, and material for other comedians and TV shows and established himself as a regular face on the Irish stand-up comedy circuit. 
In 2006, he performed as part of the first ever Irish gala at Montreal Just for Laughs. He also wrote and performed sketches on Scope (2007), an Irish science television programme for teenagers and was a regular panellist during the 2008-2009 season of "The Panel".
Regan is known as one of the most prolific Irish humourists of the past ten years. Producing 5 one man shows for the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, publishing 2 illustrated books, appearing as a regular contributor on radio and television while also performing at comedy festivals worldwide, he is recognised as the leader of a new generation of talented comics emerging from Ireland.
In 2010, Regan co-presented "The Rumour Room", a teen entertainment series part of TRTÉ on RTÉ Two television. Some highlights from the series included his interview with Chris Rock and Adam Sandler, a series of comedy sketches in which Regan beat toddlers at physical tests of strength and an in-studio game called "The €21 Challenge" in which Regan forced a child to gamble their pocket money in an unusual game of blackjack.

</doc>
<doc id="9833899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833899" title="John Nixon (military)">
John Nixon (military)

John Nixon (March 1, 1727–March 24, 1815) was an American brigadier general in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.
He was born in Framingham, Massachusetts, on March 1, 1727, to Christopher and Mary Nixon. In 1755 he served in the Massachusetts militia during Sir William Johnson's campaign against the French during the French and Indian War.
In 1775 Nixon had moved to Sudbury, Massachusetts, and was a captain of the town's Minutemen whom he led at the Battles of Lexington and Concord. He and his men fought at Bunker Hill on June 17, 1775, his unit was one of the last to leave the field. After the battle Nixon was promoted to colonel of the 6th Massachusetts Regiment. Col. Nixon's regiment was placed into Gen. John Sullivan's brigade and took part in the New York and New Jersey campaign during 1776. In August of 1776, Nixon was given the rank of brigadier general and commanded a brigade in the Battle of Harlem Heights and later in the Saratoga Campaign. Gen. Nixon's brigade consisted of the 3rd, 5th, 6th and 7th Massachusetts Regiments and reinforced by Cogswell's Regiment of Militia, Gage's Regiment of Militia and May's Regiment of Militia before the battle of Battle of Bemis Heights in October 1777. His brigade took part in the final assault; during this attack a cannonball passed so close to his head that his sight and hearing were affected the rest of his life. Nixon resigned his commission September 12, 1780.
General John Nixon moved to Weybridge, Vermont in 1806 and died while visiting his son in Middlebury on March 24, 1815. He was buried at a cemetery on his farm, which was later incorporated into what is now First Weybridge Hill Cemetery.
Family.
On February 7, 1754, John Nixon married Thankful Berry (1735-1776), also of Framingham. In 1778 he married Hannah Gleason (1744-1831), the widow of Capt Micajah Gleason, who was killed at the Battle of White Plains in 1776.
General John Nixon Elementary School in Sudbury, Massachusetts, is named in his honor, as is Nixon Road in Framingham, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="9833901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833901" title="1N4148">
1N4148

The 1N4148 is a standard silicon switching diode. It is one of the most popular and long-lived switching diodes because of its dependable specifications and low cost. Its name follows the JEDEC nomenclature. The 1N4148 is useful in switching applications up to about 100 MHz with a reverse-recovery time of no more than 4 ns.The 1N4148 comes in a DO-35 glass package for thru-hole mounting. This is useful for breadboarding of circuits. A surface mount device, 1N4148WS, is available in a plastic SOD package.
The 1N4148 replaced the 1N914 , which had a much higher leakage current (5 microamps vs. 25 nanoamps). Since leakage is almost never a desirable property, today manufacturers produce the 1N4148 and sell it as either part number.
It was second sourced by many manufacturers; Texas Instruments listed their version of the device in an October 1966 data sheet.
These device types have an enduring popularity in low-current applications.

</doc>
<doc id="9833916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833916" title="Allaiwals">
Allaiwals

The Allaiwals are a tribe of Swati origin who inhabit lands north of Nandhiar (Batagram) and south of Kohistan - in Pakistan. In the 19th century they fought battles against the British with the Hazara Expedition of 1888 resulting in the destruction of the important Allaiwal village of Pokal on November 3, 1888. Their fighting strength was almost 9,000 armed men against the British military.

</doc>
<doc id="9833926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833926" title="Anisia Uzeyman">
Anisia Uzeyman

Anisia Uzeyman (born "Anisziya Uwizeyimana" on February, 1975 in Gihindamuyaga Mbazi, Rwanda) is a Rwandan actress and a playwright.

</doc>
<doc id="9833978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833978" title="Blommerschot">
Blommerschot

The hamlet of Blommerschot is located in the southeast of Oostmalle in the Campine region of Flanders, Belgium. Blommerschot was already mentioned in 1300 as "Eene oude Ridderlyck hof" (E: a noble court), and possibly dates back from a Frankish settlement. In the 17th century it was owned by Johan de Proost, Lord of Wechel, who obtained the feudal rights of the "Land of Turnhout" (Wechelderzande-Vlimmeren, Lille, Gierle, Beerse-Vosselaar) from Philip IV Duke of Brabant in 1626.
In the forests of Blommerschot stands a former hunting pavilion (Castle of Blommerschot), and a Chapel of Our Lady of Lourdes (1900). The Cross of Blommerschot, located at Pulderbos, commemorates Léon Nève de Mévergnies (La Hulpe, 20 July 1848–Ghent, 26 January 1934).

</doc>
<doc id="9833987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9833987" title="Plerixafor">
Plerixafor

Plerixafor (rINN and USAN, trade name Mozobil) is an immunostimulant used to mobilize hematopoietic stem cells in cancer patients. The stem cells are subsequently transplanted back to the patient. The drug was developed by AnorMED which was subsequently bought by Genzyme.
History.
The molecule 1,1′-[1,4,8,11-tetraazacyclotetradecane, consisting of two cyclam rings linked at the amine nitrogen atoms by a 1,4-xylyl spacer, was first synthesised by Fabbrizzi et al. in 1987 to carry out basic studies on the redox chemistry of dimetallic coordination compounds. Then, it was serendipitously discovered by De Clercq that such a molecule, could have a potential use in the treatment of HIV because of its role in the blocking of CXCR4, a chemokine receptor which acts as a co-receptor for certain strains of HIV (along with the virus's main cellular receptor, CD4).Development of this indication was terminated because of lacking oral availability and cardiac disturbances. Further studies led to the new indication for cancer patients.
Indications.
Peripheral blood stem cell mobilization, which is important as a source of hematopoietic stem cells for transplantation, is generally performed using granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF), but is ineffective in around 15 to 20% of patients. Combination of G-CSF with plerixafor increases the percentage of persons that respond to the therapy and produce enough stem cells for transplantation. The drug is approved for patients with lymphoma and multiple myeloma.
Contraindications.
Pregnancy and lactation.
Studies in pregnant animals have shown teratogenic effects. Plerixafor is therefore contraindicated in pregnant women except in critical cases. Fertile women are required to use contraception. It is not known whether the drug is secreted into the breast milk. Breast feeding should be discontinued during therapy.
Adverse effects.
Nausea, diarrhea and local reactions were observed in over 10% of patients. Other problems with digestion and general symptoms like dizziness, headache, and muscular pain are also relatively common; they were found in more than 1% of patients. Allergies occur in less than 1% of cases. Most adverse effects in clinical trials were mild and transient.
The European Medicines Agency has listed a number of safety concerns to be evaluated on a post-marketing basis, most notably the theoretical possibilities of spleen rupture and tumor cell mobilisation. The first concern has been raised because splenomegaly was observed in animal studies, and G-CSF can cause spleen rupture in rare cases. Mobilisation of tumor cells has occurred in patients with leukaemia treated with plerixafor.
Chemical properties.
Plerixafor is a macrocyclic compound and a bicyclam derivative. It is a strong base; all eight nitrogen atoms accept protons readily. The two macrocyclic rings form chelate complexes with bivalent metal ions, especially zinc, copper and nickel, as well as cobalt and rhodium. The biologically active form of plerixafor is its zinc complex.
Synthesis.
Three of the four nitrogen atoms of the macrocycle 1,4,8,11-tetraazacyclotetradecan are protected with tosyl groups. The product is treated with 1,4-dimethoxybenzene or 1,4-bis(brommethyl)benzene and potassium carbonate in acetonitrile. After cleaving of the tosyl groups with hydrobromic acid, plerixafor octahydrobromide is obtained.
Pharmacokinetics.
Following subcutaneous injection, plerixafor is absorbed quickly and peak concentrations are reached after 30 to 60 minutes. Up to 58% are bound to plasma proteins, the rest mostly resides in extravascular compartments. The drug is not metabolized in significant amounts; no interaction with the cytochrome P450 enzymes or P-glycoproteins has been found. Plasma half life is 3 to 5 hours. Plerixafor is excreted via the kidneys, with 70% of the drug being excreted within 24 hours.
Pharmacodynamics.
In the form of its zinc complex, plerixafor acts as an antagonist (or perhaps more accurately a partial agonist) of the alpha chemokine receptor CXCR4 and an allosteric agonist of CXCR7.
The CXCR4 alpha-chemokine receptor and one of its ligands, SDF-1, are important in hematopoietic stem cell homing to the bone marrow and in hematopoietic stem cell quiescence. The in vivo effect of plerixafor with regard to ubiquitin, the alternative endogenous ligand of CXCR4, is unknown. Plerixafor has been found to be a strong inducer of mobilization of hematopoietic stem cells from the bone marrow to the bloodstream as peripheral blood stem cells.
Interactions.
No interaction studies have been conducted. The fact that plerixafor does not interact with the cytochrome system indicates a low potential for interactions with other drugs.
Legal status.
Plerixafor has orphan drug status in the United States and European Union for the mobilization of hematopoietic stem cells. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for this indication on December 15, 2008. In Europe, the drug was approved after a positive Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use assessment report on 29 May 2009. The drug was approved for use in Canada by Health Canada on December 8, 2011.
Research.
Small molecule cancer therapy.
Plerixafor was seen to reduce metastasis in mice in several studies. It has also been shown to reduce recurrence of glioblastoma in a mouse model after radiotherapy. In this model, the cancer surviving radiation are critically depended on bone marrow derived cells for vasculogenesis whose recruitment mediated by SDF-1 CXCR4 interaction is blocked by plerixafor.
Use in generation of other stem cells.
Researchers at Imperial College have demonstrated that plerixafor in combination with vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) can produce mesenchymal stem cells and endothelial progenitor cells in mice.
Other uses.
Blockade of CXCR4 signalling by plerixafor (AMD3100) has also unexpectedly been found to be effective at counteracting opioid-induced hyperalgesia produced by chronic treatment with morphine, though only animal studies have been conducted as yet.

</doc>
<doc id="9834013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834013" title="Mada Khel">
Mada Khel

The Mada Khel is a Pakhtoon/Pashtoon/Pathan tribe. It is one of the division of Isazai clan of the Yousafzai tribe which is one of the most powerful, famous and respected tribe of Pashtoons. Colonel Wylly, Harold Carmichael, 1858-1932, has described these great people in just one sentence; leaving no space for further descriptions and definitions.
Origin.
The Mada Khels are from the family of The Black Mountain (Tor Ghar) Tribes. They are division of the Isazai clan of the great Yousafzai tribe. Mada Khels are the descendants of Mada the son of Isa (Isazai) and the grandson of Yusaf/Yousaf/(Yousafzai). The Mada Khels are further divided into four Sections; each Section having two or more Sub-sections.
Demographics.
Mada Khels are among the dwellers on the Tor Ghar (Black Mountain). The Mada Khel country is on the northern slopes of the Mahaban Mountain down to the right bank of the Indus and is bounded on the north by the Hassanzais, on the east by the Indus, on the south and west by the Tanolis and Amazais. The Mada Khels are considered more enliohtened than the other Isazai tribesmen. Most of the villages are on the Mahaban Mountain, only two being on the banks of the Indus. The easiest approaches to Mada Khel territory pass through the Hassanzai territory.
Culture and traditions.
Like all other Pashtoons, Mada Khels have maintained their cultural identity and individuality. They lead their lives strictly in accordance with code of ethics of Pashtoonwali which comprises Manliness, Goodness, Gallantery, Loyalty and Modesty. Mada Khels have also maintained the great Pashtoon customs of Jirga (Consultative Assembly), Nanawati (Delegation pleading guilty), Hujhra (Large drawing room) and Melmasteya (Hospitality).
Language.
Pushto is the basic language of Mada Khels. Being away from the urban centres and less interaction with people from other languages, Mada Khels of Tor Ghar speak the purest form of Pushto. Due to migrations to other areas of Pakistan for better prospects of life and marriages in non-Pushtoon families, some Mada Khels have adopted other languages like Hindko and Urdu etc.
Recent developments.
On 28 January 2011, Tor Ghar became the 25th district of Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa. Judba is the Capital of this newly born district with following tehsils:-
Most of the Mada Khel areas come under the Mada Khel tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="9834028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834028" title="First Time (Jackie Chan album)">
First Time (Jackie Chan album)

First Time (第一次) is the ninth album to be released by actor and singer Jackie Chan. It was released across Asia in 1992. This marks the first album Chan sings the majority of the songs in Mandarin. 
It also marks the first time music videos were recorded to accompany some of the songs. Fans also note a change in Chan's singing style, saying it became softer in this album.
Track listing.
English titles come from disk itself and are not directly translated.

</doc>
<doc id="9834055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834055" title="Khan Khel">
Khan Khel

Khan Khel is a phrase used for the ruling family in Pashtun tribal set up. Khan means the chieftain while Khel stands for a family or descendents
Khan Khel (خان خيل) is a major clan of the Swatis tribe, of Afghan origin the predominant population in the districts of Mansehra District, District in Pakhal valley and Valley of Agror, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9834087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834087" title="Ultratop 50 number-one hits of 2000">
Ultratop 50 number-one hits of 2000

These hits topped the Ultratop 50 in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9834096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834096" title="Randolph Strickland">
Randolph Strickland

Randolph Strickland (February 4, 1823 – May 5, 1880) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Strickland was born in Dansville, New York and attended the common schools. He moved to Michigan in 1844 and taught school in Ingham County. He studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1849 and commenced practice in DeWitt, Michigan. He moved to St. John’s and continued the practice of law. He was elected prosecuting attorney for Clinton County in 1852, 1854, 1856, 1858, and 1862. 
Strickland served as a member of the Michigan Senate from the 22nd district in 1861 and 1862 and provost marshal of the sixth congressional district from 1863 to 1865. He was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1856 and 1868.
In 1868, Strickland was elected as a Republican from Michigan's 6th congressional district to the 41st Congress, serving from March 4, 1869 to March 3, 1871. He was an unsuccessful candidate for re-nomination in 1870.
Randolph Strickland resumed the practice of law and died at the age of 57 in Battle Creek, Michigan. He is interred in DeWitt Cemetery of DeWitt.

</doc>
<doc id="9834105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834105" title="Jacob Franquart">
Jacob Franquart

Jacob Franquart (1582/3 – 6 January 1651 (buried)) was a Flemish painter, court architect, and an outstanding copper plate engraver. His name has also been spelled Francquart, Franckaert, Francquaert, Jacques Franquart, Francuart.
Franquart was born in Antwerp or Brussels. In 1620 he designed the "Temple des Augustins" which stood on Place de Broukere in Brussels from its completion in 1642 to its demolition in 1893. The facade of the building now forms part of the Church of the Holy Trinity on Parvis de la Trinite in Brussels.
Franquart was also famous for his outstanding illustrations that show the 1621 funeral procession of Albrecht Habsburg (table no. 61). The work was published in Brussels but being seen more as one of the eminent works of the golden age of the Antwerp copperplate engraving. The majority of the text was written by the Belgian writer and historian Erycius Puteanus (Venlo, 1574 – Leuven 1646), published earlier in a book titled "Phoenix Principum..." (Louvain, 1622). The engraving contains a hatching table of heraldic tinctures which is the earliest hatching system in heraldry after Zangrius. According to some authors it also gave inspiration for the later hatching system of de la Colombière.
His tiny hatching table is presented on the copperplate engraving No. 47 of his work titled "Pompa funebris Alberti Pii Austriaci". The outstanding engravings of the book present the 1621 funeral procession by means of 64 tables. There are to be seen more than 700 different persons with the banner of their countries. The engraving of the funeral procession is almost 1 m long.
Franquart taught his niece Anna Francisca de Bruyns to paint. He died and was buried in Brussels.

</doc>
<doc id="9834124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834124" title="Proteroctopus">
Proteroctopus

Proteroctopus ribeti was a primitive octopod that lived in the Middle Jurassic, approximately 164 million years ago. The single fossil specimen assigned to this species originates from the Lower Callovian of Voulte-sur-Rhône in France. It is currently on display at the Musée de Paléontologie de La Voulte-sur-Rhône. 
The morphology of "P. ribeti" suggests a necto-epipelagic mode of life.

</doc>
<doc id="9834138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834138" title="Tim Biskup">
Tim Biskup

Tim Biskup (born September 21, 1967 in Santa Monica, California) is an American artist. His free-spirited style recalls 1950s storybook illustration, with bright colors and whimsical shapes unrestricted by the black outlining typically used in character design.
Tim realized he wanted to become an artist when he visited the Pompidou Center in 1984 with his family. There he was exposed to the works of Robert Matta, Niki de Saint Phalle, and Jean Tinguely. He enrolled in Otis College Art and Design's Fine Art department in 1986 only to drop out in 1988. He stated in an interview that he was frustrated with the fact that there was an excessive emphasis on conceptualizing art, rather learning how to make art.
He works with playful and vibrant psychedelic imagery in the pop-design genre that emerged in the late 20th century through such diverse media as silkscreening, textile production, and rotocast vinyl. He is also a significant contributor to the GAMA-GO clothing line. However, Tim has stated on his website that he has ceased involvement with the company.
During his "Ether" Show in the summer of 2007, Biskup displayed works from his self-dubbed Baroque Modernist style based on fear, loss, and pain.
Family.
Tim works closely with ex-wife Seonna Hong, with whom he has a daughter.
His daughter's name is Tigerlily.
Books.
"NOTE: This list may be partial or incomplete."

</doc>
<doc id="9834147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834147" title="Königstuhl (Odenwald)">
Königstuhl (Odenwald)

The Königstuhl (), translated "Kings seat", is a 567 metre high hill in the Odenwald Mountains and in the city of Heidelberg, in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. The Königstuhl summit allows visitors a spectacular view of the city of Heidelberg and the River Neckar as well as the Rhine Valley. On days with good conditions the view extends to the Pfaelzerwald (Palatinate Forest), which is roughly 40–50 km away.
The hill is linked to Kornmarkt, in Heidelberg's Altstadt, by the Heidelberger Bergbahn, a two section historic funicular railway that stops at the Heidelberg Castle, located on the lower slopes of the Königstuhl, and the Molkenkur restaurant/hotel and the ultimate stop at the mountain top which host a restaurant, an entertainment park for kids and various walking paths.
The Max Planck Institute for Astronomy is located near the summit of the Königstuhl, as is the historic Landessternwarte Heidelberg-Königstuhl astronomical observatory, established in 1898. Between 1912 and 1957, Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth discovered almost 400 asteroids whilst working from this observatory.
Several telecommunications facilities are located on the Königstuhl, including the Fernsehturm Heidelberg (Digital TV (DVB-T), Radio and Microwave), the Telecom Telecommunication Tower Heidelberg (Microwave and FM) and the now inactive Telecommunication Tower of US-Forces Heidelberg (Microwave).

</doc>
<doc id="9834163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834163" title="Hollywood or Bust (TV series)">
Hollywood or Bust (TV series)

Hollywood Or Bust was a game show where the contestants had to reenact scenes from famous movies, the programme was produced by Thames Television and aired on the ITV network for one series in 1983, the programme was hosted by Bruce Forsyth.

</doc>
<doc id="9834176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834176" title="Beror">
Beror

Beror is a Pashtun clan of the Deshiwal, Swatis on the eastern slopes of Black Mountain of Hazara, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9834252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834252" title="Narors">
Narors

Narors is a Pashtun clan of the Swati tribe, residing in the district of Batagram, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9834258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834258" title="Kasongo Ilunga">
Kasongo Ilunga

Andre Kasongo Ilunga (allegedly born 20 October 1972) is identified as the Vice-President of the UNAFEC party and Minister for Foreign Trade of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, despite doubts being cast on whether or not he actually exists as a real person. Although a member of the UNAFEC party selected by Prime Minister Antoine Gizenga, he failed to appear at the opening of the new Government, and has not claimed his office. As a result, Kasongo Ilunga is now considered by the local media and the international community to be an imaginary person, most likely created by Kisimba Ngoy, leader of the UNAFEC party, as a part of a plan to win the lucrative role for himself.
Under government rules, a party must provide a shortlist of at least two candidates for any ministerial role, with the Prime Minister making the final choice from the list. The only two candidates put forward for the Foreign Trade post were Kasongo Ilunga and Kisimba Ngoy, with the list being compiled by Kisimba himself. However, Kisimba had been a vocal supporter of Mobutu Sese Seko, someone whom Antoine Gizenga had once strongly opposed, likely causing him to choose the unknown Ilunga over Kisimba. Kisimba denied these charges, claiming that Ilunga later declined the role for personal reasons, and that he had sent a signed letter to the Prime Minister tendering his resignation. Despite this, Gizenga refused to accept the resignation unless Ilunga resigned in person.
Kasongo Ilunga is a common name in the Democratic Republic of Congo, and at least three people claimed to be him. However, all of these people were denounced as impostors, as none of them had the correct background. The event damaged the reputation of the government, the first to be democratically elected in over 40 years, leading to the dismissal of Kisimba from the UNAFEC and the emergency election of a new party president.

</doc>
<doc id="9834271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834271" title="Lleida (disambiguation)">
Lleida (disambiguation)

Lleida may be:

</doc>
<doc id="9834288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834288" title="Holophonics">
Holophonics

Holophonics is a binaural recording system created by Hugo Zuccarelli, that is based on the claim that the human auditory system acts as an interferometer. It relies on phase variance, just like stereophonic sound. The sound characteristics of holophonics are most clearly heard through headphones; though they can be effectively demonstrated with 2-channel stereo speakers, provided that they are phase-coherent. The word "holophonics" is related to "acoustic hologram".
Zuccarelli's company, Acoustic Integrity, also sells loudspeakers under the Holophonics brand.
History.
Holophonics was created by Argentinian inventor, Hugo Zuccarelli, in 1980 during his studies at the Politecnico di Milano university. In 1983, Zuccarelli released a recording entitled "Zuccarelli Holophonics (The Matchbox Shaker)" in the United Kingdom (UK) that was produced by CBS. The recording consisted entirely of short recordings of sound effects designed to show off the Holophonics system. These included a shaking matchbox, haircut and blower, bees, balloon, plastic bag, birds, airplanes, fireworks, thunder and racing cars. In its early years, Holophonics was used by various artists, including Pink Floyd for "The Final Cut" (1983), Roger Waters on his solo album, "The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking" (1984) and Psychic TV's "Dreams Less Sweet" (1983). The system has been used in a film soundtrack, popular music, television and theme parks.
Zuccarelli states that the human auditory system is a sound emitter, producing a reference sound that combines with incoming sound to form an interference pattern inside the ear. The nature of this pattern is sensitive to the direction of the incoming sound. According to the hypothesis, the cochlea detects and analyzes this pattern as if it were an acoustic hologram. The brain then interprets this data and infers the direction of the sound. An article from Zuccarelli presenting this theory was printed in the magazine "New Scientist" in 1983. This article was soon followed by two letters, casting doubt on Zuccarelli's theory and his scientific abilities.
To date, there has been no evidence provided that any acoustic emissions are used for sound localization. Holophonics, like binaural recording, instead reproduces the interaural differences (arrival time and amplitude between the ears), as well as rudimentary head-related transfer functions (HRTF). These create the illusion that sounds produced in the membrane of a speaker emanate from specific directions.
Controversy.
There has been some controversy over the claims made by Hugo Zuccarelli regarding this recording technique. The effects achieved are comparable to traditional binaural recording using mannequin heads, or via more traditional 3D audio techniques via HRTFs. There is no evidence, nor studies conducted, to indicate that the holophonic technique is substantially different from or superior to these methods, nor has Zuccarelli ever published his technique, nor has he allowed independent study of the results. The only available publication is a patent, which describes a fairly typical dummy-head binaural recording.
Otoacoustic emissions.
While otoacoustic emissions do exist, there is no evidence to support the assertion that these play a role in sound localization, nor is any mechanism for this "interference" effect claimed by Zuccarelli supported. On the contrary, there is abundant literature proving that properly presented spatial cues via HRTF synthesis (mimicking binaural heads) or binaural recording is adequate to reproduce realistic spatial recordings comparable to real listening, and comparable to the Holophonics demonstrations.

</doc>
<doc id="9834297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834297" title="Applications Technology Satellite">
Applications Technology Satellite

The Applications Technology Satellites were a series of experimental satellites launched by NASA. The program was launched in 1966 to test the feasibility of placing a satellite into geosynchronous orbit. The satellites were primarily designed to act as communication satellites, but also carried equipment related to meteorology and navigation. ATS-6 was the world's first educational satellite as well as world's first experimental Direct Broadcast Satellite as part of the Satellite Instructional Television Experiment between NASA and ISRO.

</doc>
<doc id="9834313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834313" title="Millennium bim">
Millennium bim

Banco Internacional de Moçambique, SA, is the largest bank in Mozambique. In mid-2006, the bank engaged in a major rebranding exercise and today trades as Millennium bim, synchronizing its name and brand with that of its major shareholder - Portugal-based Millennium bcp. The bank has a market share of around 40% in all leading bank markets (total assets, loans portfolio and deposits). Its total assets at the end of 2011 were above USD 2.000 million.
The bank's headquarters are in Maputo, it has a network of 150 branches throughout the country, and about 2300 employees. Millennium bim is active in commercial, retail and investment banking. It holds the majority of share capital of Millennium seguros (trading name of SIM - Seguradora Internacional de Moçambique.
Since 2006, The Banker magazine has named the bank the best Mozambican bank of the year. In 2008 and again in 2010, "African Banker" magazine named it one of the seven best local banks in Africa.
History.
Banco Internacional de Moçambique (Millennium bim) was founded in 30 November 1995 by its major shareholder Banco Comercial Português (known in the market as Millennium bcp), together with some Mozambican state agencies. In November 2001, Millennium bim merged with Banco Comercial de Moçambique, which made the merged bank the largest bank in the country. Banco Comercial de Moçambique was created in 1995 out of the commercial operations of the Bank of Mozambique.

</doc>
<doc id="9834346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834346" title="Sherkhani">
Sherkhani

Sherkhani is a Pashtun clan of the Tikriwals, Swatis, residing in the districts of Mansehra and Batagram districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9834354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834354" title="Laurence F. Renehan">
Laurence F. Renehan

. Dr. Laurence F. Renehan (1797-1857) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest. He served as president of St Patrick's College, Maynooth in County Kildare, Ireland, from 1845 through 1857. (St. Patrick's College is now formally the Pontifical University and National Seminary of Ireland, but is better known simply as Maynooth College. As such, it shares a campus and works in close cooperation with the National University of Ireland, Maynooth.) 
Biography.
He was born in 1797 at Longford Pass in the parish of Gurtnahoe, Tipperary. He was educated first at Freshfield, and afterwards at Kilkenny. In September 1819 he entered Maynooth College to study logic, and in 1825 was elected a Dunboyne student. On 15 September of the same year he was appointed junior dean, and a few weeks later was ordained priest. On 27 July 1827 he was elected professor of scripture, and he held this chair till June 1834, when he reluctantly accepted the post of vice-president. From 4 June 1841 to 24 June 1843 he also filled the office of bursar, and succeeded in extricating the college from financial difficulties. In 1845, on the resignation of the Very Rev. Michael Montague, Renehan became president of Maynooth, retaining the position until his death on 27 July 1857. Renehan was succeeded at St. Patrick's by Charles William Russell.
Legacy.
Renehan commissioned the architect Augustus Pugin, a friend, to build the elaborate and beautiful buildings ("St. Mary's Square") that still dominate the South Campus at Maynooth. A large meeting-room at Maynooth is named in Renehan's honor. He lies buried in a small cemetery on the campus. 
Works.
Renehan was closely associated with the Irish historian and antiquarian John O'Donovan (1803-1861). A massive volume upon which Renehan had labored for years, "Collections on Irish Church History, Vol. 1: Irish Archbishops", received editing after his death by his colleague Daniel McCarthy and was published 1861 by C.M. Warren and Thomas Richardson, Dublin. This book remains a much-cited reference. 
Renehan was also a historian of the development of Catholicism in Ireland. Renehan's extensive private collection of early Irish Church manuscripts constitutes 79 volumes of material currently housed in Maynooth's Russell Library.
He was the author of "Requiem Office" and a "Choir Manual of Sacred Music", in addition to a short "History of Music". (see external links)

</doc>
<doc id="9834376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834376" title="Jabez G. Sutherland">
Jabez G. Sutherland

Jabez Gridley Sutherland (October 6, 1825 - November 20, 1902) was a politician and judge from the U.S. state of Michigan. 
Sutherland was born in Van Buren, New York. He completed preparatory studies, studied law and was admitted to the bar in 1848. He commenced practice in Saginaw, Michigan and served as prosecuting attorney of Saginaw County in 1848 and 1849.
Sutherland was delegate to the State constitutional conventions in 1850 and 1867 and was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives in 1853. He served as judge of the tenth circuit court of Michigan from 1863 to 1871, when he resigned to enter Congress.
Sutherland was elected as a Democrat from Michigan's 6th congressional district to the 42nd United States Congress, serving from March 4, 1871 to March 3, 1873. He was not a candidate for re-nomination in 1872.
Sutherland moved to Salt Lake City, Utah in 1873 and resumed the practice of law. He was also a member of the faculty of what is now the University of Utah in 1889 and president of the Territorial Bar Association in 1894 and 1895. In 1891 he published the influential legal treatise "Statutes and Statutory Construction," which remains an influential guide for how statutes should be interpreted. He moved to California in 1897.
Sutherland died in Berkeley, California and is interred in Mount Olivet Cemetery in Salt Lake City.

</doc>
<doc id="9834396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834396" title="Thunder Boogie">
Thunder Boogie

Thunder Boogie is probably the best known work by hard rock band Lamont. The album is critically acclaimed (An average rating of about 4 stars) and has a more rawer sound than most of their material. The song Hotwire was featured in Tony Hawks underground.

</doc>
<doc id="9834439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834439" title="Avrămeşti (disambiguation)">
Avrămeşti (disambiguation)

Avrămeşti may refer to several villages in Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="9834441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834441" title="Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1">
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1

Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1 is a 2010 British fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the first of two cinematic parts based on the novel by J. K. Rowling. The film, which is the seventh instalment in the "Harry Potter" film series, was written by Steve Kloves and produced by David Heyman, David Barron, and Rowling. The film stars Daniel Radcliffe as Harry Potter, alongside Rupert Grint and Emma Watson as Harry's best friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. It is the sequel to "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" and is followed by the concluding entry, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2".
The story follows Harry Potter on a quest to find and destroy Lord Voldemort's secret to immortality – the Horcruxes. Principal photography began on and was completed on . "Part 1" was released in 2D cinemas and IMAX formats worldwide on 19 November 2010.
In the film's worldwide opening weekend, "Part 1" grossed $330 million, the third highest in the series, and the highest opening of 2010, as well as the eighth-highest of all-time. With a worldwide gross of $960 million, "Part 1" is the third-highest grossing film of 2010, behind "Toy Story 3" and "Alice in Wonderland", and the third highest grossing "Harry Potter" film in terms of worldwide totals behind "Deathly Hallows – Part 2" and "Philosopher's Stone", and the 23rd highest-grossing film of all-time. The film received two nominations at the 83rd Academy Awards: Best Visual Effects and Best Art Direction.
Plot.
The Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, addresses the wizarding media, stating that the Ministry would remain strong even as Lord Voldemort gains strength.
Severus Snape arrives at Malfoy Manor to inform Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters of Harry's impending departure from No. 4 Privet Drive. Voldemort commandeers Lucius Malfoy's wand, as Voldemort's own wand cannot be used to kill Harry, because the wands are "twins".
Meanwhile, the Order of the Phoenix gather at Privet Drive and escort Harry to safety, using Polyjuice Potion to create six decoy Harrys. During their flight to the Weasley family home at the Burrow, all are ambushed by Death Eaters, who kill Mad-Eye Moody and Harry's owl, Hedwig, injure George Weasley, and knock out Hagrid which forces Harry to take over and drive his flying motorcycle while fighting Voldemort. At the Burrow, Harry has a vision of the wand-maker Ollivander being tormented by Voldemort, who claims that Ollivander had lied to him by claiming that the only way Voldemort could kill Harry was by using another person's wand.
Scrimgeour arrives at the Burrow with Albus Dumbledore's Will and distributes three items to Ron, Hermione, and Harry. Ron receives Dumbledore's Deluminator, Hermione a copy of "The Tales of Beedle the Bard," and Harry the first Golden Snitch that he ever caught in a Quidditch match. Scrimgeour reveals that Harry was also bequeathed the Sword of Godric Gryffindor, but the Minister states that the sword was not Dumbledore's to pass on and, in any case, is missing.
Next, the Death Eaters take control of the Ministry and assassinate Scrimgeour to begin persecuting Muggle-born witches and wizards. They disrupt the wedding of Bill Weasley and Fleur Delacour. Harry, Hermione, and Ron disapparate to London and find sanctuary at No. 12 Grimmauld Place. There they discover that the "R.A.B." from the false Horcrux locket is Regulus Arcturus Black, the younger brother of Sirius Black. From Kreacher, the Blacks' house-elf, they learn that Mundungus Fletcher stole the real locket. Kreacher and Dobby apprehend Fletcher, who reveals that the locket is in the possession of Dolores Umbridge. Under the disguise of Polyjuice Potion, the trio infiltrate the Ministry and successfully retrieve the locket. The trio escape into the wilderness after accidentally revealing the location of 12 Grimmauld Place to Yaxley, a Death Eater.
Unable to destroy the Horcrux, they take turns wearing it to dilute its malignant power. Harry sees a vision of Voldemort interrogating Gregorovitch, a renowned wand-maker, who claims that a teenage boy had once stolen the legendary Elder Wand from his shop. While Ron wears the locket, he is overcome by his negative feelings and after arguing with Harry, he leaves. Harry and Hermione decide to go to Godric's Hollow, where they visit Harry's parents' graves and the house where they were killed. They also visit the home of Bathilda Bagshot, who may have the Sword of Gryffindor, which they believe can destroy Horcruxes. However, they are instead cornered by Voldemort's snake, Nagini, who had been possessing her corpse. Hermione accidentally breaks Harry's wand as they escape into the Forest of Dean, where Hermione identifies the mysterious thief seen in Harry's vision as Gellert Grindelwald.
When evening falls, Harry sees a Patronus in the form of a doe which leads him to a frozen pond. Gryffindor's sword lies beneath the pond's ice. Harry breaks the ice and jumps in to reach the sword. The locket around his neck attempts to strangle him, but Ron arrives to rescue Harry. Ron destroys the locket with the Sword of Gryffindor.
The trio then visit Xenophilius Lovegood to learn about a symbol seen several times on their journey. He tells them that the symbol represents the Deathly Hallows: the Elder Wand, the Resurrection Stone and the Cloak of Invisibility. Lovegood betrays them to the Death Eaters in an effort to have his kidnapped daughter returned. Harry has a vision of Voldemort learning from Grindelwald that the Elder Wand lies with Dumbledore in his grave.
The trio escape into the wilderness once more, but Snatchers appear and chase them. They are captured and taken to Malfoy Manor. Bellatrix Lestrange imprisons Harry and Ron in a cellar in which they discover Luna, Ollivander, and Griphook the goblin. Bellatrix tortures Hermione for information on how they got the sword of Gryffindor. After Dobby disapparates to save them, a short battle ensues, and Harry duels and disarms Draco. Dobby is killed by Bellatrix right after he helps Harry and the other captives escape. Meanwhile, Voldemort breaks into Dumbledore's tomb and takes the Elder Wand.
Production.
"Part 1" was filmed back-to-back with "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2" from 19 February 2009 to 12 June 2010. Director David Yates, who shot the film alongside director of photography Eduardo Serra, described Part 1 as "quite real"; a "road movie" that's "almost like a vérité documentary".
The production filmed at Dartford Crossing for the dramatic chase where Hagrid and Harry are being ambushed by Death Eaters.
Sets.
Stuart Craig, set designer for all of the previous "Harry Potter" films, returned for the final two parts. He said, "We made a very different kind of film, which was shot a great deal on location. We travelled quite far, we built sets, and they spend a lot of time in a forest," he explained. "We built forest sets and integrated them into the real forests, so there were challenges there, as you might imagine." Craig was ultimately nominated for an Academy Award for his work on Part 1.
On the wedding tent for Bill and Fleur's wedding in Part 1, Craig commented on his aim to "rather than make it an extension of the house, which is rather eccentric, homemade, we decided to make it rather elegant . . . It's lined with silk and beautiful, floating candelabra. So it's a nice contrast with the house." For the Ministry of Magic set, he noted, "This is an underground world; this is a ministry, so we went to the real ministries, the Muggle ministries – Whitehall, in London – and decided that our magical ministry was kind of a parallel universe to these real ministries."
Craig also commented on his design of Malfoy Manor, saying that it is "a very strong architectural set. The exterior is based on an Elizabethan house here in this country called Hardwick Hall and it has massive windows, and these windows are kind of blinded out. The shutters are drawn so they are like blind windows and they have a real kind of presence, an ominous presence, so that gave us the basis for a good exterior. There's an extraordinary magical roof that's added and surrounded by forest which isn't there in reality, but again is one of the devices to make it more threatening and mysterious."
Costumes.
The costumes for "Part 1" were designed by Jany Temime, who has been the costume designer on "Harry Potter" productions since "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" (2004). Temime was involved in a controversy regarding her work on Fleur Delacour's wedding dress. She was accused of copying the design from a similar dress from Alexander McQueen's Fall 2008 collection. Temime spoke about the dress, saying that she "wanted it to be a witch wedding dress but not a Halloween dress. The dress is white but it needed to have something fantastic to it. So there is the phoenix , the bird, which is a symbol of love in a way because there is rebirth, love never dies, it is born again."
Visual effects.
After working on every film since "Prisoner of Azkaban", Double Negative was asked to provide visual effects for the final instalments of the story, in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Parts 1" and "2". Working closely with the film's VFX Supervisor, Tim Burke, the team was led by VFX Supervisor, David Vickery and VFX Producer Charlotte Loughlane. The main team also included 3D Supervisor, Rick Leary and 2D Supervisor, Sean Stranks.
Double Negative's work for "Part 1" included the corroding Warner Brothers logo and extensive environment extensions of the Burrows and its surrounds. Additional environment work was completed on Xenophilius Lovegood's home, extending it in 3D and culminating in the Death Eater's attack. Double Negative also advanced the Death Eaters' smoke effects, with the introduction of the 'flayed man' stage in between their smokey, fluid, flying state and their live-action presence upon landing. Other work included the Patronus charm that interrupts the wedding party to inform the guests that Voldemort has taken over the Ministry of Magic.
Also involved in the production was Framestore, the Oscar-winning visual effects company that produced the animated version of "The Tale of the Three Brothers", directed by Ben Hibon alongside David Yates, as well as most of the creature CGI such as Dobby or Kreacher, as in previous films.
Music.
Composer Nicholas Hooper, who scored "Order of the Phoenix" and "Half-Blood Prince", did not return for "Deathly Hallows". Instead, Alexandre Desplat was hired to compose the score for "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows − Part 1". The film also featured the song "O Children" by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
Distribution.
Marketing.
The first official picture from the first film was released on , showing Harry, Ron and Hermione in a London street. A clip was officially released on with the release of "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" on Blu-ray and DVD. At the 2010 ShoWest convention, Alan F. Horn premiered unfinished footage from both films. The 2010 MTV Movie Awards premiered more footage from "Deathly Hallows". Following this was the release of the official teaser poster, which shows the release date of both "Part 1" and "Part 2" and a destroyed Hogwarts castle. ABC Family broadcast interviews and additional scenes from both parts during their "Harry Potter" weekend, which began on 8 July 2010. A two-minute trailer for the film was released worldwide on 22 September 2010.
On 29 September 2010, three character posters for "Part 1" of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were released via Yahoo! Movies. The following day, a "Part 1" cinema poster was released online featuring the trio on the run in a forest. The theatrical poster has the tagline "Nowhere is safe", and another version with no credits has the tagline "The end begins". Various other character posters for Part 1 were released on 6 October 2010, featuring Harry, Ron, Hermione, Lord Voldemort, Bellatrix Lestrange, Severus Snape and Fenrir Greyback. On 12 October, four new character posters were released. The posters are set to the theme of "Trust no one" and "The hunt begins".
On 15 October 2010, tickets began selling on Fandango for the US release of "Part 1", and on 19 October, a 50-second clip featuring never-before-seen footage was aired at the 2010 Scream Awards. On 16 October, the second TV spot was released on Cartoon Network during a premiere of "Scooby-Doo! Curse of the Lake Monster". On 25 October 2010, Yahoo! Movies released an exclusive featurette of the film. On 30 October 2010, Entertainment Weekly released two new featurettes titled "Horcruxes" and "The Story", featuring a large amount of never-before-seen footage. On the same day, the Warner Bros. "Harry Potter" website was updated to reveal twelve miniature clips from the film.
On 3 November 2010, the "Los Angeles Times" released an extended clip of Harry leaving the Burrow to find the Horcruxes, titled "No One Else Is Going to Die for Me". On 4 November, a new clip was released from the "Harry Potter" Facebook page, titled "The Seven Potters". Two more clips were released over the next two days, including a scene depicting a café attack and another taking place in Malfoy Manor.
Theatrical release.
On 26 August 2010, director David Yates, producers David Heyman and David Barron, and with Warner Bros. president Alan F. Horn attended a test screening for "Deathly Hallows – Part 1" in Chicago. The unfinished film gained rave reviews from test screeners, some of whom labelled it "amazing and dark" and "the most perfect "Harry Potter" film". Others expressed that the film faithfully adapted the novel, which led to an inheritance of the "book's own problems".
Warner Bros. Pictures was originally going to release Part 1 of "Deathly Hallows" in 2D and 3D formats. However, on 8 October 2010, it was announced that plans for a 3D version of Part 1 had been scrapped. "Warner Bros. Pictures has made the decision to release "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" in 2D, in both conventional and IMAX cinemas we will not have a completed 3D version of the film within our release date window. Despite everyone's best efforts, we were unable to convert the film in its entirety and meet the highest standards of quality." However, Part 1 of "Deathly Hallows" was released on Blu-ray 3D as a Best Buy Exclusive. Part 2 was still released in 2D, 3D, and IMAX formats.
The world premiere for "Deathly Hallows – Part 1" was held in Leicester Square in London on 11 November 2010, with fans from across the world turning up – some of whom had camped for days in the square. This was followed by the Belgian avant-premiere on 12 November and the US premiere in New York City on 15 November.
Just 48 hours prior to the official North American launch of Part 1, the first 36 minutes of the film were leaked on the internet. Even before the leak, the film was already the fifth-biggest generator of advance ticket sales in history, after selling out 1,000 cinemas across the United States. Despite widely circulating rumours that the leaked footage was a marketing ploy to generate hype for the movie release date, no screener discs had been created by Warner Bros., and executives called it "a serious breach of copyright violation and theft of Warner Bros. property".
In Australia, the film had its premiere on 13 November at Warner Bros. Movie World, located on the Gold Coast, Queensland. Three hundred people attended the viewing, which was the second official showing in the world, behind the UK premiere. The film premiered in Kuwait's release on 16 November. In Israel, Estonia, and New Zealand, the film was released on 18 November.
Home media.
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" was released on a single disc DVD and 3-disc Blu-ray combo pack on 11 April 2011 in the UK and on 15 April 2011 in the US.
On 28 January 2011, it was announced by Emma Watson on the Harry Potter UK Facebook page that the page's fans will get to vote for their preferred cover for the "Part 1" Blu-ray. The cover with the most votes will be the cover for the disc. Voting started that same day. The DVD and Blu-ray include eight deleted scenes, with the Blu-ray Combo Pack containing an opening scene from "Part 2" featuring Harry and Ollivander discussing the Deathly Hallows. "Deathly Hallows – Part 1" performed well in DVD sales, selling 7,237,437 DVD units and adding $86,932,256 to the gross revenue of the film, bringing the total to $1,043,331,967.
Reception.
Critical response.
"Deathly Hallows Part 1" received mostly positive reviews. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film as score of 78% based on 250 reviews, with an average score of 7.1/10. The site's consensus is "It can't help but feel like the prelude it is, but "Deathly Hallows: Part I" is a beautifully filmed, emotionally satisfying penultimate instalment for the Harry Potter series." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 based on reviews from critics, the film has a score of 65 (indicating "generally favourable reviews") based on 41 reviews. The film scored 87/100 from professional critics at the Broadcast Film Critics Association.
The UK's "Daily Telegraph" also gave the film a positive review, remarking, "For the most part the action romps along, spurred by some impressive special effects," adding, "It's just slightly disappointing that, with the momentum having been established so effectively, we now have to wait until next year to enjoy the rest of the ride." Roger Ebert awarded the first part three out of four stars, praising the cast and calling it "a handsome and sometimes harrowing film . . . completely unintelligible for anyone coming to the series for the first time". Scott Bowles of "USA Today" called it, "Menacing and meditative, Hallows is arguably the best instalment of the planned eight-film franchise, though audiences who haven't kept up with previous chapters will be hopelessly lost", while Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" likewise praised the film as "the most cinematically rewarding chapter yet." In a review for the "Orlando Sentinel", Roger Moore proclaimed Part I as "Alternately funny and touching, it's the best film in the series, an "" for these wizards and their wizarding world. And those effects? They're so special you don't notice them." However, "Newsweek" had a negative review in its 15 November issue, saying that "They've taken one of the most enchanting series in contemporary fiction and sucked out all the magic . . . while Rowling's stories are endlessly inventive, "Potter" onscreen just gives you a headache." Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post" found the film to be "Beautifully shot but a soulless cash machine," and that it "delivers no dramatic payoff, no resolution and not much fun."
Box office.
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" grossed $24 million in North America during its midnight showing, beating the record for the highest-grossing midnight gross of the series, previously held by "Half Blood Prince", which grossed $22.2 million. The film also had the third highest midnight gross of all time, behind ' and ', which grossed $30 million and $26.3 million, respectively. However, the film broke the record for the highest midnight gross in IMAX, with $1.4 million in box office sales, surpassing "Eclipse", which grossed $1 million. All of these records were later topped in 2011 by the film's sequel, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2".
In North America, the film grossed $61.7 million on its opening day, marking the sixth highest single day gross ever at the time. However, it became the highest opening day for a "Harry Potter" film in the series, a record previously held by "Half-Blood Prince" with $58.2 million, until it was broken by "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2" with $92.1 million. The film grossed a total of $125 million in its opening weekend, marking the largest opening for the franchise, previously held by "Goblet of Fire" and later topped by its sequel "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2". It also was the second biggest November opening ever at the time, behind "The Twilight Saga: New Moon" $142.8 million, the ninth biggest weekend opening for a film of all time at the North American box office, and the second biggest opening weekend for a 2010 film in the United States and Canada behind "Iron Man 2"s $128.1 million. The film stayed at the top of the box office for two weeks, grossing $75 million over the five-day Thanksgiving weekend, bringing its total to $219.1 million.
In the UK, Ireland, and Malta, the film broke records for the highest Friday gross (£5.9 million), Saturday gross (£6.6 million), and Sunday gross (£5.7 million). Additionally, the film set the largest single day gross (£6.6 million) and the largest opening three-day gross (£18,319,721), a record previously held by "Quantum of Solace", which grossed £15.4 million. , Part 1 has grossed £52,404,464 ($86,020,929), becoming the second highest-grossing 2010 release in the country, behind "Toy Story 3" (£73,405,113).
Outside North America, the film grossed an estimated $205 million in its opening weekend, becoming the sixth highest of all time, the highest for a 2010 release, and the second highest for a "Harry Potter" movie, behind only "Half-Blood Prince". Globally, the film grossed 30 million in its opening weekend, ranking seventh on the all-time chart.
It was the highest grossing 2010 film in Indonesia ($6,149,448), Singapore ($4,546,240), Thailand ($4,933,136), Belgium and Luxembourg ($8,944,329), France and the Maghreb region ($51,104,397), Germany ($61,430,098), the Netherlands ($13,790,585), Norway ($7,144,020), Sweden ($11,209,387), and Australia ($41,350,865). In total overseas earnings, it surpassed "The Philosopher's Stone" ($657.2 million) to become the highest grossing "Harry Potter" film overseas.
On 7 April 2011, Part 1 ended its run with $295,983,305 in the United States and Canada, making it the fifth highest grossing film of 2010 in these regions, and $664,300,000 from other countries around the world, for a worldwide total of $960,283,305, making it the third highest grossing film of 2010 worldwide behind "Toy Story 3" and "Alice in Wonderland", as well as the 23rd highest grossing film of all time worldwide and the third highest grossing "Harry Potter" film in the series behind "The Deathly Hallows – Part 2" and "The Philosopher's Stone".
Due to the success of the sequel in Germany, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" could return to No. 9 on the country's Cinema Charts with 28,000 viewers in July 2011.
Accolades.
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" was nominated for Best Art Direction and Best Visual Effects at the 83rd Academy Awards. It is the second film in the "Harry Potter" film series to be nominated for a Visual Effects Oscar (the previous one being "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban"). The film was long-listed for eight different categories including Best Cinematography, Production Design and Original Score at the 64th BAFTA awards, and ultimately was nominated for Best Special Visual Effects and Make-up.

</doc>
<doc id="9834461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834461" title="Ruben Tovmasyan">
Ruben Tovmasyan

Ruben Tovmasyan is the General Secretary of the Armenian Communist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9834463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834463" title="Frederick Field">
Frederick Field

Frederick Field may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9834512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834512" title="Tristram Stuart">
Tristram Stuart

Tristram Stuart (born 1977, London) is an English author and campaigner. 
In 2011 Tristram Stuart won the international environmental Sophie Prize and the "Observer Food Monthly Outstanding Contribution Award" for his ongoing campaign to solve the global food waste scandal. Stuart read English at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, and won the Betha Wolferstan Rylands prize and the Graham Storey prize; his directors of studies were Peter Holland and John Lennard. He is the author of "The Bloodless Revolution: Radical Vegetarians and the Discovery of India" (Harper Collins Ltd, 2006) published in the United States as "The Bloodless Revolution: A Cultural History of Vegetarianism From 1600 to Modern Times" (W.W. Norton, 2007). His second book "Waste: Uncovering the Global Food Scandal" (Penguin, 2009; W.W. Norton, 2009) has been translated into several languages and won the IACP Cookbook Award for Literary Food Writing. He is a regular contributor to newspapers, and radio and television programs in the UK, US and Europe on the subject of food, the environment and freeganism.
He lives in England and in December 2009 launched a food waste campaign by organising "Feeding the 5000" in London's Trafalgar Square in which 5,000 people were served free curry, smoothies and fresh groceries from cast off vegetables and other food that otherwise would have been wasted to raise awareness for reducing food waste. Feeding the 5000 has replicated its campaign and event model in several countries and has now been commissioned by the European Commission and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) to spread the campaign globally. Stuart spoke at the "We are fed up!"-demonstrations together with 30,000 other people in January 2014 in Berlin.
In May 2012, Stuart presented a TED talk entitled "The Global Food Waste Scandal".

</doc>
<doc id="9834537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834537" title="Jiutou Zhiji Jing">
Jiutou Zhiji Jing

Jiutou Zhiji Jing (Chinese: 九头雉鸡精; Pinyin: Jiǔtóu Zhìjī Jīng; roughly "Nine Pheasant Splendor") is a yaojing changed from a pheasant with nine heads. She is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel "Investiture of the Gods". 
As like both Pipa Jing and Daji, Zhiji Jing is one of three specters under Nu Wa. In appearance, Zhiji Jing wore a large red robe, a silk sash around her slim waist, and small red linen shoes. She also possessed beautiful eyes like that of an autumn lake. Once Daji headed to the tomb of the Yellow Emperor to retrieve Zhiji Jing - along with her other fox cohorts - Zhiji Jing would be shown for the first time. 
Daji had the intent to bring her friends to a banquet disguised as heavenly maidens as to trick the king. Once the true forms of Zhiji Jing and her allies were revealed to Vice Prime Minister Bi Gan, and each specter returned to their original layer, Huang Feihu would set out and turn their home into flames; a resolution that killed every specter except Splendor herself. Following this event, Daji would return to the tomb of the Yellow Emperor and find her sister, Zhiji Jing, the only survivor. However, she would head back to Zhaoge with Daji disguised as an even more beautiful woman. While disguised as a woman, Zhiji Jing would play along with her sister's scheme by spending some personal time with King Zhou. In short time, Zhiji Jing would decide to stay with the king at Zhaoge instead of living in the mountains as previously.

</doc>
<doc id="9834569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834569" title="Mori Shogunzuka Burial Chamber">
Mori Shogunzuka Burial Chamber

The Mori Shogunzuka Burial Chamber (森将軍塚古墳) is a late Kofun period keyhole tomb located in Chikuma, Nagano, Japan. One of several ancient hilltop tombs in Central Honshū, the Mori Shogunzuka tomb is the only one in the area that has been restored to its former glory. The tomb is viewable as an open exhibit of the adjacent Mori Shogunzuka Museum, next to the Nagano Prefectural Museum of History.
A recreated Jōmon period village, Shinano no Mura (科野のムラ), is located at the bottom of the hill on the walking path up to the tomb.

</doc>
<doc id="9834576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834576" title="Gold tegu">
Gold tegu

The gold tegu, also known as golden tegu, common tegu, black tegu and Colombian tegu, is a species of tegu. Its old scientific name (synonym) was "Tupinambis nigropunctatus" but it has since renamed to Tupinambis teguixin.
Gold tegus grow to be approximately 2 to 3 feet (60 to 100 cm) on average, and up to 3.5 to 4 kg in weight, with a glossy body, powerful limbs and a thick tail. They have many black and gold stripes down their body. Gold tegus live in the tropical forests of northern and central South America, as well as Panama. They feed on insects, invertebrates, small mammals, reptiles and birds, as well as fish and sometimes fruit. They typically do not make as good a pet as its larger southern cousins; Argentine Black and White tegu or the Red tegu but if handled frequently, can make a good pet.

</doc>
<doc id="9834587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834587" title="Charles E. Peterson">
Charles E. Peterson

Charles Emil Peterson (1906–2004) is widely considered to be a seminal figure in professionalizing the practice of historic preservation in the United States. He is referred to as the “founding father” of the professional advocation of historic preservation, the “godfather of preservation,” and an “extraordinary preservationist” who made important contributions to the knowledge of early American building practices, helped create the profession of the preservation architect, and passionately advocated for the retention and restoration of the American built heritage. According to Jacques Dalibard, a professor at McGill University School of Architecture, “with James Marston Fitch, I cannot think of two people who had more influence on historic preservation in North America.”
During his long career, Peterson received numerous awards for his service including the National Trust for Historic Preservation’s Louise du Pont Crowninshield Award (1966) and the American Institute of Architects (AIA) medal for “vision and determination” (1979) and the Presidential Citation (1990). The AIA inducted him into the College of Fellows in 1962.
Early career.
Peterson was raised in Madison, Minnesota, and received his bachelor’s degree in architecture in the early 1920s from the University of Minnesota. In 1929, he began a thirty-three year tenure with the National Park Service. In 1931, his efforts were instrumental in saving the Moore House, the site of the British surrender, in Yorktown, Virginia. While documenting this building, Peterson created the prototype for the historic structure report, the basic format of which is still in use.
Peterson is perhaps best remembered for establishing the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS), a federal documentation program that is still active and which has spawned the Historic American Engineering Record and the Historic American Landscape Survey. On November 13, 1933, while he was the Chief of the Eastern Division for the National Park Service, Peterson wrote a memo to the director which became the charter for the program and successfully garnered funds from the Civil Works Administration the following month. HABS targeted unemployed architects, draftsmen, and photographers to make as complete a record as possible of “the rapidly disappearing examples of early architecture and historic structures throughout the country.” This program was credited as “the first major step upon the part of the Federal Government toward the cataloging and preservation of historic structures.” The first HABS survey work began in January 1934 and later that year was formalized as a joint agreement with the American Institute of Architects and the Library of Congress. The HABS program has continued nearly unabated to the present.
During his life, Peterson constantly advocated for HABS, and was instrumental in restarting the program in 1957 and later saved it from oblivion when the Reagan administration threatened to pull funding. The end result was a stronger program with greatly increased funding.
Early Philadelphia era.
Peterson and NPS historian Roy E. Appelman were assigned to Philadelphia in early 1947 to advise the Philadelphia National Shrines Park Commission on the national park being proposed for the area surrounding Independence Hall. Peterson was the uncredited primary author and editor of the Shrines Commission's 7-volume final report to Congress (December 1947), which was incorporated into the enabling legislation under which Independence National Historical Park was created.
Peterson returned to Philadelphia in the early 1950s to work at INHP. While there, he helped restore Carpenters' Hall and re-create Library Hall, and directed much of the preservation-related activity of the National Park Service in the region. It was in this era that the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania demolished all the 19th- and early 20th-century buildings on the 3 blocks north of Independence Hall, to create an open European-style mall. (Independence Mall remained a state park until 1974.) Peterson oversaw the moving of the Free Quaker Meetinghouse, the only building spared in the creation of the Mall, to accommodate the widening of 5th Street. He opposed the demolition of important 19th-century buildings within INHP, but did not prevail. He retired from the National Park Service in 1962, but continued to live and work from his row house located on Spruce Street. During Peterson’s tenure at the National Park Service, he educated numerous students about historic preservation.
In the 1950s, Philadelphia was in decline and the oldest neighborhoods, dating to the 18th century, were being abandoned and left to decay. It was in such a place that Peterson decided to purchase two row homes in 1954, one of which became his home. The area, which is now known as “Society Hill,” is today one of the most desirable areas to live in Philadelphia. Peterson not only helped name the area, but his tireless preservation advocacy secured the revitalization of Society Hill by motivating his friends and acquaintances to buy property there.
Career highlights.
The 1960s were an extremely productive time for Peterson. He contributed to many scholarly conferences, including the Second International Congress of Architects and Technicians of Historical Monuments in Venice in 1964. It was at this conference that the enormously influential Venice Charter was created, which established much of preservation philosophy that exists to this day and has become ingrained in the National Park Service’s Secretary of the Interior’s Standards for preservation. Peterson, along with the entire U.S. delegation rejected the charter, however, due to its European focus and the radical emphasis on preservation instead of restoration. In the 1960s, restoration—defined as the “scraping” of later layers of historic fabric in order to restore the appearance of a building to an arbitrary date—was the status quo and represented the majority of preservation work in the United States. The Venice Charter was a radical shift in preservation philosophy that would not become fully accepted in the United States until the 1980s. Peterson also served on the Committee on Principles and Guidelines for Historic Preservation established by the National Trust which helped influence the future direction of the preservation movement.
In the mid-1960s, Peterson was appointed as an adjunct professor to the fledgling historic preservation program at Columbia University where he taught early-American building technology. He worked closely with James Marston Fitch to build this program into the first graduate degree program in historic preservation in the country. Columbia’s program became the model which spawned the tens of graduate and undergraduate programs in historic preservation that now exist across the United States. In 1970, Peterson established the European Traveling Summer School for Restorationists that allowed architects to view and participate in restoration projects outside the United States.
Peterson was a founding member of the Association for Preservation Technology (APT) which was created in 1968 in an effort to provide better education for the restoration, documentation, and preservation of historic buildings. He became the organization’s first president in 1969. APT was enormously influential as it represented the first scholarly outlet for the activities of historic preservation. Peterson’s activities through APT helped move preservation from an antiquarian hobby to a professional endeavor.
Throughout his career, Peterson was an avid researcher on the history of American building technology. He is best known for his work on Robert Smith, a colonial-era architect which culminated in the publication of his book "Robert Smith (1722-1777): Architect, Builder and Patriot" in 2000. Other topics that Peterson covered included the early architecture of the Mississippi River valley, the use of iron in roofs, the development of the I-beam, and the recovery of the “lost” history of cement and concrete construction.
In 1983, Peterson established the Charles E. Peterson Prize for students that display superior drawing abilities in documenting HABS buildings. The prize is offered by the HABS program, the Athenaeum of Philadelphia, and the AIA. He also donated all of his research papers and books to the University of Maryland in 1998 to create the Peterson Archive and Library of Early American Building Technology and Historic Preservation.
Peterson is credited as an architect of Colonial National Historical Park, Jamestown and Yorktown, Virginia, listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Creation of the profession of the preservation architect.
According to many contemporary preservation architects, Peterson “almost singlehandedly invented and developed the profession of historical architect.” In a similar vein he is considered to be “the father of modern restoration techniques.” From his start with the National Park Service in the 1930s, Peterson continually advocated for training of architects in the proper restoration of buildings that respected their history, technology, and authenticity. A continual theme of his was the inadequacy of most architects’ work on historic buildings:
The shortcomings of architects in the field of historical restoration began long ago. It became clear, even in the days of Latrobe, that the most talented designers could not always be trusted around important landmarks. ... Some of our most stylish architects have proposed—and have carried out—gruesome butcheries on historic buildings. ... The architectural profession should police its own ranks, if for no reason than that many laymen have done their homework in history (as a hobby) and are today well ahead of architects.
Peterson explained that there are very few people who understand older buildings and how they are constructed and “as a result, things happen to historic buildings that should not happen to a doghouse.”
Architects could not simply learn from books and drawings, but had to experience an old building in all its unrestored, disheveled, shabbiness: “The man who doesn’t get his hands dirty on the job will never know enough.” Peterson’s work in this regard has helped spawn innumerable training programs for architects, such as that offered by the Heritage Conservation Network, that provide hands-on training on a wide variety of techniques from documentation to pointing with lime mortar.
Legacy.
Peterson’s legacy can be summed up by his tireless efforts to establish historic preservation as a professional endeavor. He made essential contributions to how old buildings should be documented and architects trained. Every holder of a degree in historic preservation should also credit Peterson for the origins of their education. Lastly, Peterson established a scholarly basis for building interventions. No longer was an antiquarian aesthetic ethic acceptable for historic preservation; all work had to be documented and changes well substantiated with historical records.

</doc>
<doc id="9834660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834660" title="Argentine Open">
Argentine Open

The Argentine Open or Abierto de la República or Abierto de Argentina is one of the oldest national golf open championships. First played in 1905, it has featured numerous notable winners including major champions Mungo Park (1905), Jimmy Demaret (1941), Lloyd Mangrum (1946), Tom Weiskopf (1979), Craig Stadler (1992), Mark Calcavecchia (1993, 1995), Mark O'Meara (1994) and Jim Furyk (1997).
The championship is part of the PGA Tour Latinoamérica, also featuring on the European Tour on one occasion, in 2001. In the subsequent years, the Argentine financial crisis later in 2001 resulted in substantially reduced prize money. From 2005 to 2008 the tournament was a fixture on the European Challenge Tour. In 2008 it was rescheduled to April, which meant that the Argentine Open appeared twice during the 2008 Challenge Tour season.
The record for most victories is held by 1967 British Open champion Roberto DeVicenzo, who won the title on nine occasions between 1944 and 1974. The next most successful players are Vicente Fernández, with eight victories over 32 years between 1968 and 2000, the last coming in a playoff against fellow Argentine, Eduardo Romero, and José Jurado, who won seven times between the 1920 and 1931. 
The low amateur is presented with the Pereyra Iraola Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9834670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834670" title="My Girlfriend's Boyfriend">
My Girlfriend's Boyfriend

"My Girlfriend's Boyfriend" is a 1998 screwball comedy film written and directed by Kenneth Schapiro. It was filmed on Long Island, New York.
Plot.
Gay soap actor Cliff (Bruno) is about to marry an unsuspecting girl (Larkin) for the sake of his image, to the chagrin of his boyfriend Wes (Koenig). However, a prowling reporter (Gibson) has some interesting photographs which could cause general consternation.
The main romance is between the reporter Melissa and the maid of honour's uncoordinated date Jake (Runnette).
Music.
Singer-songwriter Deborah Gibson sang the theme tune.

</doc>
<doc id="9834707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834707" title="Battle of Thermopylae in popular culture">
Battle of Thermopylae in popular culture

The Battle of Thermopylae of 480 BC has long been the topic of cultural inspiration, as it is perhaps the most famous military last stand of all time. This "against all odds" story is passed to us from the writings of the Greek Herodotus, who was not present at the battle himself. He relates the story of 300 Spartans and 700 Thespians defending the Pass of Thermopylae against almost "2 million" Persians on the third day of the battle. (For the first two days, the Greek force had numbered somewhere between 5,000 and 7,000.)
Although modern historians have questioned the numbers presented by Herodotus, with most at around 100,000 to 250,000 invaders, the story has resonated with authors and poets for centuries over the inspiring bravery and resolution of the Spartans.
The performance of the defenders at the battle of Thermopylae is often used as an example of the advantages of training, equipment, and good use of terrain to maximize an army's potential, and has become a symbol of courage against overwhelming odds. Even more, both ancient and modern writers used the Battle of Thermopylae as an example of the superior power of a volunteer army of freemen defending native soil. The sacrifice of the Spartans and the Thespians has captured the minds of many throughout the ages and has given birth to many cultural references as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="9834806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834806" title="Maureen Brennan">
Maureen Brennan

Dame Maureen Brennan is currently the Executive Headteacher at Etone College in Nuneaton. She took the position at this school after spending several years as headteacher at Barr Beacon School and principal at Hillcrest School and Community College in Netherton, West Midlands. Before this she worked at Great Barr School in Great Barr, Birmingham as a senior staff member. Brennan let it be known that Hillcrest School had "no structures, systems or routines" when she took over in September 2002. In 2002 the school came out of special measures. By the beginning of 2003, Ofsted inspectors described it as "one of the most outstanding schools in the country". One of her recipes for changing that was the introduction of a "house system and a prefectorial system". She introduced formal routines such as pupils standing up when someone walks into the classroom; she also got rid of the bells that sounded the end of each lesson. Other measures included a sin bin or exclusion room (dubbed the "doom room" by the pupils) where misbehaving pupils could go for a period of isolation from their peers. 
Honours.
Brennan was made Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2005.
Attendance manipulation charges.
On 12 December 2007 it was reported that Brennan and her recent senior management team was under investigation for fraudulent reporting of attendance figures during the time she was headteacher at Hillcrest School and Community College. Dudley Council's investigations ended and the case was passed to the West Midlands Police Economic Crime Team. Brennan was identified in the Dudley report for leading a team of senior managers who EWS (Educational Welfare Service) investigators claim manipulated registers to make the school appear more successful than it actually was. In their interim report, EWS officers alleged that the records created a false impression of improved attendance which promoted the school's image and resulted in higher pupil numbers. West Midland Police decided there was no case to pursue.
On 13 November 2012 Brennan faced a Teaching Agency professional conduct panel in Coventry with teachers Shelley Derham and Linda Westwood, members of her former senior management team. All faced charges of unacceptable professional conduct. Teaching Agency presenting officer, Bradley Albuery, claimed evidence linked the pair to the “deliberate” misrecording to “pretend attendance was better than it was” and to boost perceptions of Hillcrest School.
He said GCSE figures were also distorted from 2004 and 2007 by between two to four per cent showing an “inflation” of results. “It is fanciful to suppose that this headteacher did not know what was going on in her school,” Mr Albuery said. “The evidence suggests these were not occasional errors by teachers. [...] In fact it is true that these three teachers were seen as the reason that the school went from failing to successful, and it was for this Maureen Brennan was made a Dame.”
Dame Brennan also faced an allegation of failing to ensure pupils received a statutory level of education. The hearing was told how fraud police launched an investigation in 2007, but no charges were brought. This charge was dismissed early in the hearing.
All three denied unacceptable professional conduct. The charge of failing to provide an education was dropped and the three were found not to have altered the PLASC return which could have misrecorded achievement in the school.
On 28 November 2012 Dame Brennan, along with deputy headteachers Shelley Derham and Linda Westwood, was found guilty of unacceptable professional conduct by the Teaching Agency. The disciplinary hearing heard “inappropriate” alterations were made to attendance registers for some pupils between 2004 and 2007. A Teaching Agency professional conduct panel ruled all three had acted “dishonestly” by changing records. All three had denied making the changes, but later admitted their guilt.
The panel also ruled: “The misconduct is of a serious nature falling significantly short of the standards of behaviour required of a teacher", however it also noted that it was satisfied the actions of the trio “were motivated by [...] a desire to act in the best interests of pupils.”
Mr Meyrick, deputy director of the Teaching Agency, added: “We would go further and say that, in the light of the exceptional achievements of Dame Maureen Brennan, there is a public interest in her being able to continue her inspirational leadership as a headteacher.” As a consequence, no further action was taken.

</doc>
<doc id="9834827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834827" title="Ganguvari Sigadam">
Ganguvari Sigadam

Ganguvari Sigadam or G.Sigadam or Sigadam is a village and mandal in Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Geography.
Sigadam is located at . It has an average elevation of 38 meters (127 feet).
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 31 village panchayats in Ganguvari Sigadam Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9834859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834859" title="Arrondissement of Tongeren">
Arrondissement of Tongeren

The Arrondissement of Tongeren (; ) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Limburg, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. However, the Judicial Arrondissement of Tongeren also comprises the municipalities of Bocholt, Bree, Kinrooi, Meeuwen-Gruitrode, Dilsen-Stokkem and Maaseik in the Arrondissement of Maaseik and the municipalities of As, Genk, Opglabbeek and Zutendaal in the Arrondissement of Hasselt.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Tongeren consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9834871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834871" title="Jai Uttal">
Jai Uttal

Jai Uttal (born June 12, 1951) is an American musician. He is a Grammy-nominated singer and “a pioneer in the world music community with his eclectic East-meets-West sound.” He is a “sacred music composer, recording artist, multi-instrumentalist, and ecstatic vocalist, combines influences from India with American rock and jazz to create a stimulating and exotic multicultural fusion that is truly world spirit music.”
Biography.
Uttal grew up in New York City and lived in a home filled with music: “He began studying classical piano at the age of seven, and later learned to play old time banjo, harmonica, and guitar.” His father was record label executive Larry Uttal. At the age of 17, Uttal heard Indian music for the first time, which he said, “touched his heart like sounds of home.” At 19, Uttal moved to California and studied under the famous Sarod player, Ali Akbar Khan. He later began “regular pilgrimages to India, living among the Bauls, the wandering street musicians of Bengal, and singing with the kirtan wallahs in the temple of his guru, the highly revered saint, Neem Karoli Baba.” Uttal spent time with many beings of both the Hindu and Buddhist traditions. He became deeply absorbed in the practice of kirtan, the ancient yoga of chanting, or singing to God. This form of prayer became the core to Uttal’s musical and spiritual life.
Musical style.
Uttal’s music is very popular in the yoga community, being described as “very hypnotic.” One reviewer stated, “He does a great job of explaining the purpose of chanting and kirtan.” “The practice of calling to the divine creates a bridge between the individual and the eternal, opening the heart and welcoming the spirit.” Uttal says, “These ancient chants contain a transformative power and healing energy. By singing these prayers we join a stream of consciousness and devotion that has been flowing for centuries.” Uttal says, “Music that creates bridges. Music that unites hearts and cultures. Music that brings peace.”
Uttal has led kirtans around the world for more than 30 years. In one biography it is said, “Jai Uttal has cultivated a voice and musical styles that carries the listener into the heart of devotion, prayer, and healing, and to an ecstatic remembrance of the divine.”
Albums.
In 1991 Uttal released his debut album, "Footprints", with Triloka Records, which featured “world music innovator Don Cherry and Indian vocalist Lakshmi Shankar.” The album was in the top ten on the world music charts. In 1993, Uttal released "Monkey". The next year, in 1994, "Beggars and Saints" was released, which was a “tribute to the Bauls of Bangal.” In addition to the new album, Uttal produced two CD’s for his teacher, Ustad Ali Akbar. "Journey" and "Garden of Dreams" became extremely popular in the Indian community.
Three years later, "Shiva Station" was released, which was mixed by innovative producer, Bill Laswell. "Shiva Station" presented traditional chants in a totally new way. The concerts united the temple and the nightclub, the sacred and the worldly; emphasizing the underlying theme that spirituality and devotion can pervade all aspects of life. Around this time the popularity of yoga was on the rise. Uttal began to receive more requests to lead kirtan workshops and concerts all over the world. Uttal released a live kirtan CD entitled "Nectar" to begin to chronicle these kirtan events.
In 2000, a compilation of his four Triloka albums appeared as "Spirit Room". In February 2002, Jai Uttal and the Pagan Love Orchestra released, on Narada Records, "Mondo Rama", which means World is Rama or Everything is God. The album has been called Uttal's most personal expression to date. “Combining Brazilian influences, Hebrew prayers, Appalachian Blues, Beatles psychedelia, and, of course, Indian music and chants, "Mondo Rama" explodes from the speakers in celebration and rebirth.” 
In 2009, Uttal released "Thunder Love". One reviewer said the following about the album, “[It’s] a true example of ‘world music,’ it’s a pan-cultural potpourri of sounds and styles from around the globe, seamlessly sewn into a contemporary pop/rock format. Uttal’s soulful singing and spiritual themes provide the crucial connective thread throughout the album."
2011 saw the release of "Queen of Hearts", a “unique mixture of reggae, ska, and samba rhythms, used as a backdrop for call and response, dance oriented kirtan, and invoking Queen Radha (Radharani), the bestower of devotion.”
In 2003, Uttal began the first of several recordings focused on the practice of bhakti yoga (kirtan) for the Sounds True label. These have included: "Kirtan! The Art and Practice of Ecstatic Chant", "Music for Yoga and Other Joys", "Loveland", "Dial M for Mantra", and "Pranayama", a collaboration with his wife, yoga teacher and bhakti dancer, Nubia Teixeira. The two had a son, Ezra, which led to Uttal’s inspiration to focus his work towards kids. Uttal began to lead children’s kirtan events near his home in Northern California and he created an album especially for children entitled "Kirtan Kids: The Elephant, the Monkey, and the Little Butter Thief". In addition to those, Uttal also hosted donation-based events at several yoga studios. At these particular events, children would sit around in a circle and listen as Uttal told “colorful stories drawn from Ramayana and other Indian myths.” The chants during these events were kid-friendly versions.
“Kirtan Kids recreates the feeling of these events and gives parents a new way to introduce children to kirtan.” The album features “an elephant solo, the sounds of banging pots and pans, and music from about a dozen instruments, including the glockenspiel and a toy piano.” The album also includes “narrated tales of Gopala, the child form of Krishna; the elephant-headed god Ganesha; and the monkey god Hanuman.”

</doc>
<doc id="9834883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834883" title="Fabrice Catherine">
Fabrice Catherine

Fabrice Catherine (born 12 May 1973 in Caen, Basse-Normandie) is a retired French football goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="9834894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834894" title="Paul Vinitsky">
Paul Vinitsky

Paul Vinitsky (born Vinitsky Pavel; June 11, 1983 in Dubna, Moscow Region, Russia) is a Russian electronic dance music trance and progressive DJ & producer.
Vinitsky released in autumn 2011 his debut album with 9 vocalists and own unique option, the DJ singing his own tracks on stage.
Vinitsky: 
Biography.
Vinitsky is from the capital of Russian Federation, Moscow.
Vinitsky is the unique artist of new progressive trance wave. He’s the well known worldwide Russian DJ, producer & singer in progressive house, trance & tech trance scene. He’s founder and A&R of the Moscow-based label 'Vendace Records', the best imprint from Russia. Just in several years he becomes one of the most known EDM artists in Russia. 4 years in a row he ranked in top100 Russian DJs. In 2012 Paul got his highest line in the most important global DJ MAG poll with #278, one of only 8 Russian EDM artists which are entered top 300.
Vinitsky has the high touring activity. He already performed more than 250 gigs in more than 50 cities in Russia, Indonesia, Ukraine, Poland, Czech Republic, Syria & Kazakhstan. He's a storming DJ and he’s crazy when he’s playing on the decks. People are saying that he's really 'playing' with every sound, with every movement of every part of his body. It is really how the DJ has to work with the crowd. He'd already played warmup sets for the biggest artists like Marco V, Sander van Doorn, ATB and on one scene with Markus Schulz, Kosheen and many others.
Being very productive artist in last 2 years Vinitsky released dozen of singles, pack of remixes, mixed album and debut artist album Invincible. Many worldwide EDM known singers cooperated with Vinitsky and were featured on the album, such as Lo-Fi Sugar from US, #1 charted Kate Walsh from UK, another British house star Lizzie Curious, such singers as Khashassi, Meital de Razon and other talented artists. For the slamming debut Vinitsky composed, produced and arranged fully himself 14 tracks. Moreover, his unique 'Singing Dj' project and live show were featured on the album, where Vinitsky sings on studio and then performs live his own tracks on the stage. Also Vinitsky made a banging remix for Depeche Mode which was voted #1 in the Beatport contest, produced the remixes for many labels, including Black Hole Records, Dancepush, and such artists as Andy Duguid, Julie Thomspon, Virtual Vault, Flash Brothers and more.
In April 2013 the second artist album Re*Invincible of Vinitsky is coming out with the totally outstanding polished sound and great collaborations with the vocalists Elizabeth Fields from UK, Jane Maximova from Russia, Fisher from US. Vinitsky’s vocal production is made together with Andrew StetS from Ukraine. Various remixes in trance and progressive house sounds are featured on the album including smashing ones from Adam Kancerski, Arisen Flame, Dejan S., Jay P (more known as house star Reflekt) and more.
His tracks and remixes were included in many important compilations and tracklisted by huge number of DJs, including such DJs as Armin van Buuren, Paul Oakenfold, Marco V, Matt Darey, Andy Moor, Aly & Fila, Flash Brothers, Sean Tyas, Richard Durand, Marcus Schossow, Ronski Speed, Dj Feel, Sied van Riel and Solar Stone.
Vinitsky is a host of biweekly radioshow 'Trance Dance Show aka #TDS'. It is very important on the EDM scene and has dozens of thousands of listeners and podcast subscribers. It is broadcast on more than fifteen FM & internet stations in all continents. More than 25,000 people download the show episodes using #TDS podcast.
Vinitsky is the owner of the record label, Vendace Records, which is supported by all big jokes like Armin van Buuren, Paul Oakenfold, Above & Beyond and others. Some DJs call the label one of their favorites (Armin van Buuren, Solarstone, Jorn van Deynhoven). Vinitsky opens new talents globally on it. In 3 years of existence Vendace Records released almost 80 singles, EP’s and albums.

</doc>
<doc id="9834906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834906" title="Junji Takada">
Junji Takada

, also known by the nicknames , and "TJ", is a Japanese actor and comedian.

</doc>
<doc id="9834922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834922" title="U.S. Route 67 in Illinois">
U.S. Route 67 in Illinois

In the U.S. state of Illinois, U.S. Route 67 is a north–south highway through the western portions of the state. It runs from the Clark Bridge in Alton north to the Rock Island Centennial Bridge in Rock Island. This is a distance of .
U.S. 67 is the major north–south corridor for western Illinois, and the only major Illinois north–south highway route from 1918 that was never upgraded to the Interstate highway system.
Route description.
US 67 enters Illinois from Iowa by way of the Centennial Bridge that cross the Mississippi River. It is mostly two-lane highway from Rock Island to Monmouth where 67 intersects US 34. From Monmouth, US 67 is interplexed with US 34 until US 34 exits to run west toward Burlington, Iowa. From Monmouth to Macomb, US 67 is a "Super Four" , four-lane highway. The Roseville Bypass was one of the last bypasses for this section and was completed in 2002. There is a section at Good Hope where the highway runs through town with signals and an at-grade rail crossing. In Macomb, US 67 runs through town as a four-lane arterial road which has an at-grade railroad crossing and several signals. Exiting Macomb, US 67 is a two-lane highway until it reaches just west of Chapin. From west of Chapin to just north of Roodhouse, US 67 is a "Super Four" , four-lane highway. Immediately around Jacksonville US 67 is limited access. The limited access section runs for approximately . From where the four-lane highway ends north of Roodhouse to south of Jerseyville US 67 is a two-lane highway. South of Jerseyville, US 67 is a four-lane highway until which exits to run south at the beginning of Illinois Route 255. US 67 is then an urban roadway until it exits Illinois by way of the Clark Bridge across the Mississippi River.
History.
In 1918, the Illinois State Legislature established State Bond Issue (SBI) for the establishment of a state road system. The route for Illinois 3 went from Cairo Junction to Morrison via Rock Island. 
With the completion of highway bridges over the Mississippi River, Route 67 was extended from St. Louis to Godfrey and replaced the original Illinois 3 to Rock Island.
The original northern terminus of US 67 was in Missouri under the US highway enumeration scheme of 1926, likely due to limited bridge crossings over the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers. 
By 1932, with a Mississippi River crossing route determined, US 67 was extended north along Illinois Route 3 to Rock Island. 
Even though the Old Clark Bridge had been opened to traffic across the Mississippi River at Alton in 1928, US 67 originally crossed the Mississippi River with U.S. Route 66 via the McKinley Bridge from St. Louis to Venice. From Venice, US 67 headed north along what had been Illinois 3 via Alton to Rock Island. The original route of IL 3 from Alton to Jacksonville that became US 67 went through East Newbern, Jerseyville, and Carrollton. 
In 1926, the northern terminus of U.S. Route 67 was at Alt. US 61 near Fredericktown, Missouri. The route was extended north on Illinois Route 3 (through western Illinois) to its northern terminus in Rock Island, Illinois by 1932. Sometime after 1940, US 67 was routed into Madison County. Then, it was co-signed with Route 66 as both routes went across the McKinley Bridge.
By the mid-1940s, US 67 had been rerouted from St. Louis to Alton via the Lewis Bridge over the Missouri River and the Clark Bridge (formerly the Old Clark Bridge) over the Mississippi River. The Alton to Jerseyville section now passed through Godfrey and Delhi. By the mid-1950s, a more direct route for US 67 from Godfrey towards Jacksonville via Greenfield had opened. Heading north from downtown Alton, US 67 was rerouted via an abandoned railroad grade to the north end of town. 
Between Fort Bellefontaine, Missouri (near Lewis Bridge) and south of St. Louis, US-67 followed two different routes. Route 67 originally followed Lewis and Clark Blvd. south to St. Louis, while Alternate US-67 turned west on Lindbergh Blvd. through Florissant past Lambert/St. Louis Int'l airport. Alt 67 was reposted as Route 267 along Lindbergh Blvd. In the late 1960s these routes were "flipped" with US-67 proceeding through Florissant and Hazelwood.
In 1962 another reroute took place, due to the completion of a new river bridge over the Illinois River at Beardstown. A new direct route was constructed from this bridge at Beardstown to Rushville, eliminating the earlier US-67 eastern route northeast along current IL-100 to Frederick then turning north to Rushville. A western bypass of downtown Rushville was completed a couple of years later.
In 1964, Route 3 replaced US 67A as St. Louis started to eliminate highways such as 67A. A new four-lane Route 3 opened a few years later. 
In 1968, US-67 was rerouted on a more western route between Jacksonville and Beardstown. The route was the existing IL-104 (Jacksonville to near Merodosia) and IL-100 (near Merodosia to Beardstown). The original US-67 road passed through Virginia on what is now IL-78 (Jacksonville to Virginia) and then on IL-125 (Virginia to Beardstown), which follows the historic "Beardstown Post Road" and Ohio & Mississippi Railroad right-of-way (later part of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad (B&O) system before abandonment) between Beardstown and Springfield.
Before 1994, US 67 passed through Alton on Belle Street. After 1994, US 67 got a new bridge as well as a new route through Alton. In the summer of 1994, parts of the road were demolished in a span of 8–10 weeks. Today, planners from Godfrey and Jerseyville are discussing a new US 67 that would take a western route along the current IL 267.
Alternate routes.
These routes remained in common usage even after they were deleted in 1964:
Alternate U.S. Route 67.
There were two Alt US 67's in Madison County. The first started south of Alton, the second, north. When US 67 was switched to the Clark Bridge sometime before the mid-1940s, the earlier route of US 67 from St. Louis to Alton became Alt US 67. In the mid-1940s, Alt US 67 was switched from the McKinley Bridge to the MacArthur Bridge. By 1965, the Alt US 67 designation had been dropped and the IL 3 designation had returned to this route. The original IL 3 roadway had been replaced by new alignments in places over the years, however. 
When US 67 was shifted to a more direct route north of Alton between Godfrey and Jacksonville by the mid-1950s, the old route via Jerseyville and Carrollton became Alt US 67. This designation lasted until around 1965 when the route became IL 267.
Illinois Route 267.
Illinois Route 267 was once Alt US 67 from the mid-1950s to 1965 as it went from Godfrey through Jerseyville on its way to meet up with US 67 about ten miles (16 km) south of Jacksonville. This route, despite being one of the most dangerous in central Illinois, has remained unchanged over the years. 
In 2001, IDOT rerouted US-67 back onto the original (1940) routing (western route) north of Alton to Murrayville and IL-267 was put onto the newer alignment (eastern route) from near Murrayville through Greenfield to Medora. South of Medora to Godfrey the road retained only IL-111, a second number on this section. The rerouting was to accommodate a future "Corridor 67" expressway that will be built within the next decade or so. IDOT construction began in 2004 near Jacksonville. The new expressway is supposed to follow the corridor through White Hall, Carrollton, and Jerseyville and will end in Godfrey.

</doc>
<doc id="9834931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834931" title="After Henry (TV series)">
After Henry (TV series)

After Henry is a British sitcom that aired on ITV from 1988 to 1992. Starring Prunella Scales and Joan Sanderson, it had started on BBC Radio 4 in 1985, finishing in 1989. It was written by Simon Brett. "After Henry" was made for the ITV network by Thames Television.
The BBC was reluctant to produce "After Henry" for television, so in 1988 after the third radio series Thames Television did so. The show was surprisingly popular, attracting over 14 million viewers. A second television series was shown during the same months as the fourth radio series with, in many cases, both radio and television episodes being broadcast on the same nights. The fourth television series was broadcast from July 1992, after the death of Joan Sanderson, who had died on 24 May.
Plot.
Sarah France is the 42-year-old widow of a GP, Henry. She lives in an often volatile family situation with her mother, Eleanor Prescott, and her daughter, eighteen-year-old Clare France, with both of whom she shares a house. After Henry's death, all three members of the family have to find a way to cope with each other as best they can.
Sarah often finds herself in the middle of things, usually figuratively, but always literally, given that she has her daughter living upstairs and her mother in the basement flat. Eleanor is ruthlessly cunning and takes every opportunity to get one over on Sarah. Anything told to Eleanor will spread by word of mouth throughout an extensive network of the elderly of the area, or the "geriatric mafia". Clare is trying to be independent of her mother, though often has to come running back in times of crisis.
The relationships between the three women change constantly through each episode. Sometimes mother and daughter ally against grandmother, sometimes mother and grandmother go against daughter, but usually grandmother and granddaughter gang up on the long-suffering Sarah, whose one haven is Bygone Books, the remarkably unsuccessful second-hand bookshop where she works for Russell, who dispenses in turn sympathy and wisdom. Most of the time, Russell sees the women's relationships second-hand through Sarah, although he isn't opposed to taking the occasional more active role when necessary. In turn, Sarah can see some of Russell's difficulties of living with a gay partner in 1980s London suburbia, while at the same time seeing Russell's relationship as the one perfect marriage she knows.
The adaptation for television allowed more to be seen of some of the more minor characters in the radio series, with appearances by some who had appeared only by reputation on the radio. These included Eleanor's best friend and rival Vera Poling, and Valerie Brown on the pension counter's sister Mary. In the television adaptation, Sarah also gained an on-off partner in Sam Greenland.
Many of the exterior locations for the TV series were shot in the village of Thames Ditton in Surrey. Also Twickenham.
DVD releases.
All four series including a 6-Disc set of the complete series have been released on DVD in the UK (Region 2).

</doc>
<doc id="9834947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834947" title="Anup Sridhar">
Anup Sridhar

Anup Sridhar () (born April 11, 1983, Bangalore, Karnataka, India) is a male badminton player from India.
Career.
Anup Sridhar is India's Thomas Cup captain. Anup's best year on tour so far was 2007 during which he ended the year as the top Indian badminton player with a ranking of 25. His highest world ranking of 24 was achieved in early 2008.
Having reached the semifinals at the German Open and the Asian Badminton Championships and the quarterfinals at the Thailand Open and, most importantly, at the 2007 World Championships, the next year holds much promise for this budding shuttler. 
His most famous win was the one over Taufik Hidayat – former world no. 1, gold medalist at the 2004 Athens Olympics and 2005 World Champion – at the World Championships in what was one of the longest matches of the tournament. Anup's performance at the World Championships was rated among the top-10 Indian sporting performances of 2007.
Anup started 2008 by winning the prestigious Pramod Mahajan All-India ranking tournament in New Delhi. He followed that up by reaching the pre-quarterfinals, one round better than last year, of the Proton Malaysia Super Series where he lost to Hyun Il Lee, the eventual runner-up.
He contested in the men's singles event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He defeated Marco Vasconcelos of Portugal in the round of 64 by 21-16, 21-14. But in round of 16, he lost to Shoji Sato of Japan by 13-21, 17-21.
Anup won his 4th career title at the 2013 Yonex Czech International tournament, beating Indra Bagus Ade Chandra of Italy 21-11 21-16 in 30 minutes.
Anup is an employee of Bharat Petroleum and is currently sponsored by SLK Software. He uses Li-Ning badminton gear. Anup's career is managed by the team at GoSports.
Vodafone Indian Badminton League.
Anup Sridhar represented Pune Pistons at the inaugural Vodafone Indian Badminton League in 2013, with salary of USD 6,000 dollars. He won his only match played in the entire season against Hu Yun, ranked 8th in the world who represented Banga Beats, 21-12 21-18. With the win, he was the Vodafone Player of the Tie.

</doc>
<doc id="9834955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834955" title="After Henry">
After Henry

After Henry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9834996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9834996" title="Narrow-striped mongoose">
Narrow-striped mongoose

The narrow-striped mongoose ("Mungotictis decemlineata") is a member of the family Eupleridae, subfamily Galidiinae and endemic to Madagascar. It inhabits the dry deciduous forests of western and southwestern Madagascar, where it lives from sea level to about between the Tsiribihina and Mangoky rivers. In Malagasy it is called "boky-boky" (pronounced "Boo-ky Boo-ky").
Ecology and behavior.
The narrow-striped mongoose is diurnal and lives in matriarchal family groups that practice cooperative rearing of young. Usually, the young of the alpha female will get the most care, and often the lower ranking females' young is neglected to the point of abandonment. The narrow-striped mongoose creates small nests in trees and brush, and has been known to share trees with "Lepilemur" species, with which it apparently has little or no interaction. Results of a few studies suggest that the narrow-striped mongoose is primarily insectivorous, but eats also bird eggs and a variety of small animals including rodents, birds, snakes, and even small lemur species such as the gray mouse lemur.
Conservation status.
The narrow-striped mongoose is currently classified as "Vulnerable" by IUCN because it occurs in a severely fragmented area and is threatened by habitat loss due to logging and conversion to agriculturally used land. The western dry forests are both highly fragmented and under higher human pressure than the eastern rain forests. The main cause of decimation of dry deciduous forest in Madagascar is slash-and-burn agriculture by subsistence farmers, but other causes include logging for wild honey and lumber.

</doc>
<doc id="9835002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835002" title="Bruce Firestone">
Bruce Firestone

Bruce Firestone (born December 4, 1951) of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada is a real estate developer, former sports team owner and university professor. He is the founder of the modern-day Ottawa Senators NHL professional ice hockey club and former part-owner of the Ottawa Rough Riders CFL football club.
Business career.
Dr. Firestone received his Bachelor of Civil Engineering degree from McGill University in Montréal; his Master of Engineering-Science (Traffic and Transportation) from the University of New South Wales in Sydney and his PhD in Urban Economics from the Australian National University in Canberra. After graduating from university in Australia, Firestone joined the family firm Terrace Developments in the early 1980s. Along with developing commercial properties, Firestone also launched a business newspaper in Ottawa and built several buildings in downtown Ottawa and in Bells Corners.
When the NHL announced that it was interested in expanding in the late 1980s, Bruce, then president of Terrace Investments, formed an organization to win an NHL franchise for Ottawa. Bruce's vision was to use the club as the centerpiece of a new commercial development to the west of the City of Ottawa. A new arena would be built, increasing land values in the surrounding area to the point where the expected franchise fee of $30 million US dollars (it would actually be $50 million) could be raised through land sales and commercial development fees and profits.
Bruce's group was successful in winning a new franchise, along with the Tampa Bay Lightning, on condition that the franchise would build a new arena to NHL standards. 
The arena location, on undeveloped farmland, was controversial and opposition grew against the paving over of the farmland. Eventually, the government agency responsible for local development allowed the development of the arena but not the surrounding lands. 
As well, as part of the development agreement for the new arena, then known as the Palladium, the Ontario government required that the corporation pay for all of the required infrastructure, including a freeway interchange. 
These conditions led to the search for new financing. The search led to the turnover of the ownership of the Ottawa Senators to a partnership led by Rod Bryden. Mr. Bryden was able to arrange financing of the development through a partnership with Ogden Entertainment and Bruce left to allow the franchise to continue. 
After leaving the Senators organization, Firestone became chairman and part-owner of the Ottawa Rough Riders Canadian Football League football team. After one year with the organization it was sold to another ownership group and Firestone returned to real estate development.
In 2004, Firestone founded Exploriem.org, a registered Canadian Not-For-Profit Professional Entrepreneurs and Intrapreneurs Organization. He is the Executive Director of the organization which helps entrepreneurs and start-ups get a foothold in the local business community through business model competitions, funding, mentoring, and providing free office space. Exploriem is also partnered with OCRI (Ottawa Centre for Research and Innovation), Algonquin College, Lead to Win and others within the Ottawa business community.
Firestone was an entrepreneur-in-residence at the Telfer School of Management at the University of Ottawa and is a commercial real estate agent. He writes regularly on his personal 'blog' on business topics. As well he has written the Entrepreneurs Handbook which is guide to help entrepreneurs get started using the bootstrap method and starting with a good business model.

</doc>
<doc id="9835004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835004" title="Durham Gospel Fragment">
Durham Gospel Fragment

Durham Gospel Fragment can refer to any of three manuscripts now housed in the library at Durham Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="9835037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835037" title="Grégory Carmona">
Grégory Carmona

Grégory Carmona (born 17 January 1979) is a French football (soccer) Midfielder. He currently plays for AS Béziers Hérault.

</doc>
<doc id="9835050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835050" title="Rod Bryden">
Rod Bryden

Rod Bryden (born March 13, 1941) is a prominent Ottawa business executive. He is best known as the owner of the Ottawa Senators National Hockey League team from 1992 until 2003. Outside of hockey, his career has included founding or leading several of Canada's leading companies.
Biography.
Rod Bryden was born in Port Elgin, New Brunswick. Bryden obtained a B.A. Hon. Ec., from Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick; an LLB, University of New Brunswick, Fredericton; and an LLM, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
He taught law at the University of Saskatchewan as assistant law professor, from 1966 to 1969 before moving to Ontario, where he held a succession of positions in the Canadian government.
In 1974, Bryden founded Systemhouse Ltd., a computer integration firm where he served as president or chairman until 1991. In 1979, he founded Paperboard Industries Corporation (PIC) by purchasing Trent Valley Paperboard Mills. He served as chairman of PIC until 1991. Both companies were enjoying annual revenues of over $700 million when he stepped down that year.
In 1992, Bryden became CEO of Terrace Corporation, the principal owner of the Ottawa Senators. In 1993, he became Chairman and Governor of the Club. In 1994, construction on the Palladium arena (later the Corel Centre and Scotiabank Place, Now the Canadian Tire Centre) was begun by the Palladium Corporation, of which Bryden was the owner and chairman. The arena opened in 1996.
In 1996, Bryden formed the WorldHeart Corporation in coalition with the University of Ottawa Heart Institute, Dr. Tofy Mussivand and Dr. Michael Cowpland. Bryden served as president and CEO of the company before resigning in 2004. 
Late in 2004, Bryden avoided personal bankruptcy, brought on by $100 million of debt personally owed to creditors and investors of the Ottawa Senators franchise. Bryden agreed to pay creditors a total of $600,000 on the debt, which was induced by high player salaries and unfavourable exchange rates.
In 2005, Bryden was appointed as the new chairman of cancer drug developer PharmaGap, Inc.
Currently, he is President and CEO of Plasco Energy Group, an Ottawa firm developing energy production using plasma gasification, from household waste. He also is the chairman of the board of SC Stormont Inc., and Chairman of the board of PharmaGap Inc. Bryden is also on the Board of Directors of Clearford Industries and Gallium Software Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="9835052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835052" title="Black and white (police vehicle)">
Black and white (police vehicle)

Black and white is an American slang term for a police car that is painted in large panels of black and white or generally any "marked" police car. Historically, this scheme was much favored by North American police forces because it allowed the unambiguous recognition of patrol units from a significant distance. However, as the color scheme is not standardized, each police agency in the U.S. and Canada can choose their own color scheme. The most common variant of the black and white color scheme is white roof and four white doors, the second most common is white roof and only the two front doors. In France and Sweden, the black and white police cars had black roofs to make them visible in high snow.
Los Angeles Police Department.
Like most police agencies throughout southern California, the Los Angeles Police Department vehicles are ordered painted in black clearcoat with the roof, doors, and pillars painted white from the factory. Two vehicles are approved for use within the Los Angeles Police Department, they are the Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor and the Dodge Charger. Only the sedan is permitted to engage in a vehicle pursuit, pursuant to department policy. Options available from Ford ordered by the department include the handle-bar spotlights, 16-inch heavy duty steel wheels with chrome center caps, and ballistic panels within the two front doors. Installed equipment includes the lightbar, front-grill siren and control box from Federal Signal Corporation, the digital two-way radio by Motorola, a notebook PC to function as the Mobile data terminal, and a partition to separate the prisoner rear seating from the driver and front passenger seats. The so-called "A-cars" and "X-cars" (eXtra patrol) also have a shotgun mounted between the front seats in front of the partition.
Most police vehicles bear at least two rear bumper stickers: one reading "There's NO Excuse - For Domestic Violence" and another for "DARE" Drug Abuse Resistance Education. On the rear side panel is a black and white sticker that reads "EMERGENCY DIAL 9-1-1 Fire Police Medical." The front doors bears the seal of the City of Los Angeles, the department slogan "to protect and to serve" as well as the citywide five-digit "shop number" and city department name (POLICE). The last three numbers of the shop number (used to identify all vehicles operated by the city) are reprinted on the roof to help air units visually identify cars. On the trunk is a number that identifies which division the unit belongs to (e.g. a 25 would be "South Traffic Division" or a 3 would be "Southwest Area").
These cars appeared on the NBC television drama Adam-12:
Chilean police (Carabineros).
Until 1998, all Carabineros de Chile vehicles were painted with the same pattern that LAPD. These days the vehicles are painted with a pattern that includes green and white, this make the cars looks like the police uniform that is all green.
Japanese police.
All Japanese police force vehicles are painted and marked in the same ways. Japanese police vehicles are painted black and white with the upper parts of the vehicle painted white. However, motorcycles are usually all white and riot control and rescue vehicles are painted a steel blue.
Sweden.
Originally Swedish Police Service vehicles were painted black and white but in the reverse of the Los Angeles Police pattern. Swedish police vehicles had black roofs, doors, trunk and bonnet or black roofs, bonnet and boot. This was a necessity due to the heavy snows Sweden acquires.
France.
French police vehicles were painted like the Swedish ones before resorting to all white with red/white/blue striping.
Finland.
Finnish police vans are colloquially known as the "Musta Maija" ("Black Maria"). Since Finland is a bilingual country, police patrol vehicles feature the text "Police" in both Finnish ("Poliisi", on the vehicle's right side) and Swedish ("Polis", on the driver's side).
Canada.
Ontario Provincial Police has recently (2007) reverted to a black and white scheme for their fleet. The force used this scheme on their police cars from 1941 to 1989, earning them the nickname "Holsteins" during that period, especially in the 1950s.
South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority Police Service in British Columbia also uses a black and white scheme.
West Vancouver Police Department in British Columbia also has started to use the black and white livery.
Edmonton Police Service returned to the black and white colour scheme for newly acquired vehicles starting in 2011; existing vehicles retain their white colour scheme.
Abbotsford Police Department of Abbotsford, British Columbia now has a black and white scheme for their vehicles.
Vancouver, Victoria, Port Moody, New Westminster, and Central Saanich are all using black and white police cars.
Saanich Police have chosen a blue and white version for their cars.

</doc>
<doc id="9835085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835085" title="Cavemen (TV series)">
Cavemen (TV series)

Cavemen is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from October 2 to November 13, 2007. The show was created by Joe Lawson and set in San Diego, California. Based on the GEICO Cavemen commercials, which were also written by Lawson, the show was described by the network as a "unique buddy comedy that offers a clever twist on stereotypes and turns race relations on its head".
Synopsis.
In the series, cavemen were never really fully supplanted by modern humans, but integrated into "Homo sapiens" civilization as a separate species sub-group. Cavemen are a small but widespread minority group that have been present in every global civilization since the dawn of recorded history (a montage scene in the opening credits shows Cavemen in Egyptian hieroglyphs, when George Washington crossed the Delaware River, standing with Abraham Lincoln, participating in the space program, etc.). Effectively, Cavemen form another ethnic minority in the modern world, which faces several prejudices from "Homo sapiens" (sometimes referring to humans by the derogatory term "Smoothies" in reference to their relative lack of hair, or "Sapes" in reference to their species). Although these cavemen self-identify as Cro-Magnon, their facial appearance and physical anatomy is reminiscent of the Neanderthal. (Cro-Magnon is actually not a different species of human ancestors. It refers to a specific group of archaeological discoveries near the Cro-Magnon rock formation in France, which are representative of early anatomically modern humans.) The writer and producers clearly intended to portray the protagonists as (or like) "Homo neanderthalensis", which is anatomically different from modern humans, but sufficiently closely related that they are not always classed as a separate species.
Cavemen have prominent brow ridges and more body hair than "Homo sapiens", but beyond superficial differences in appearance they actually are not that much different from modern humans in terms of behavior or physical abilities. Male Cavemen are very hairy, have thick long beards and wear their head-hair shoulder-length. A Cavewoman that appeared on the show also had a prominent brow ridge and comparatively more body hair than a modern human female. Some Cavemen attempt to pass as "Homo sapiens" by shaving their body hair - other Cavemen call them "shavers".
The central humor of the show is that Caveman characters are not brutish primitives, but fully integrated into white-collar jobs; the central Cavemen characters are effete modern city-dwellers. They must also endure racial epithets such as "Magger", a pun based on "Cro-Magnon".
The series focuses on three Cavemen who are roommates that share a condo: Joel, his brother Andy, and their cynical and self-absorbed roommate Nick.
According to producer Joe Lawson, the show was originally going to be set in Newport News, Virginia, due to its proximity to the water. The setting then changed to Atlanta, Georgia and finally San Diego, California.
Cast.
Main Cast
Recurring Cast
Production history.
Conception.
In March 2007, ABC gave a pilot order to a script written by Joe Lawson which was inspired by the GEICO Cavemen advertisements. Lawson would be executive producer alongside Guymon Casady, Josh Gordon, Daniel Rappaport and Will Speck. Gordon and Speck directed the pilot. Later in the same month, Bill Martin and Mike Schiff joined the staff as executive producers. ABC gave the series an early pick-up and a 13-episode order on May 11, 2007.
Casting.
When the pilot was approved by the network in March, it was unclear if the original actors, Jeff Daniel Phillips and Ben Weber, who played the cavemen in the advertisements, were going to be part of the series. This was not to be when it was later reported that Nick Kroll, Kaitlin Doubleday, and Bill English had all landed roles in the series in the same month. Dash Mihok and Stephanie Lemelin were respectively cast in April as Jamie, Joel's younger brother, and Thorne, a party girl. John Heard rounded out the regular cast when he was chosen to play Trip in the same month. Mihok was replaced by Sam Huntington and the character of Jamie was renamed Andy in July. Tony Award winner, Julie White, was also promoted to a regular cast member as Kate's mother in the same month.
In July 2007 it was announced that Jeff Daniel Phillips had been cast for the series. He subsequently appeared in the first broadcast episode playing Maurice, a friend of the three main characters.
Pilot episode controversy.
The initial limited screening of the pilot episode was met with a less than favorable reception. The pilot was accused of being racist because some critics thought the Cavemen were being used as a metaphor for blacks and other minorities. The series subsequently underwent a major creative "retooling", which included changing the show's venue from Atlanta, Georgia to San Diego, California. The pilot episode has remained unaired on ABC.
Reception.
In terms of reception from the media the show was "critically savaged". The "Chicago Tribune" listed it as one of the 25 worst TV shows ever, and Adam Buckman of the "New York Post" declared the show "extinct on arrival." Ginia Bellafante of the "New York Times" wrote "I laughed. But I laughed through my pain. '"Cavemen",' set in some version of San Diego where people speak with Southern accents, doesn’t have moments as much as microseconds suspended from any attempt at narrative."
Other critics were more forgiving: H.T. Strong ("Hercules The Strong"), a regular columnist at "Ain't It Cool News" declared that the show's third episode "made me laugh aloud a number of times!" Pulitzer Prize-winning columinst Dorothy Rabinowitz also said that the show "has its charms... The chief source of that charm is the unmistakable hint of wit in the writing. Only a hint -- but it's steady, which is enough to seduce."
In 2010, TV Guide Network listed the show at #22 on their list of "25 Biggest TV Blunders" arguing that basing a TV show on a commercial was a bad idea from the beginning.
Broadcast.
Produced by ABC Studios and Management 360, the series originally aired alongside "Carpoolers" on Tuesday nights at 8:00PM Eastern/7:00PM Central. The series was placed on hiatus during the Writers Guild of America strike, and canceled before the strike ended. A total of 13 episodes were produced. The final seven episodes never aired in US markets but did however air in Australia.
Post-cancellation.
After the show's cancellation, a Geico commercial was aired during Super Bowl XLII in which two cavemen watched television, switched it off, and had an exchange about "Cavemen":
All 13 episodes, were originally supposed to be released on DVD in 2008, however plans were put on hold and no other news has come from that since.
Episodes.
</onlyinclude>
Weekly ratings.
In the following summary, rating is the percentage of all households with televisions that tuned to the show, and "share" is the percentage of all televisions "in use at that time" that are tuned in. 
Unless otherwise cited, the overnight rating and share information comes from Zap2It The following week, the Nielsen numbers from TVWeek.com. Additional ratings information, including the 18–49 rating, comes from BroadcastingCable and finally weekly overall ratings come from ABC Medianet
Seasonal ratings.
Seasonal ratings based on average total viewers per episode of "Cavemen" on ABC:
+ Information is current as of January 7, 2008.
The show was pulled off the ABC Network following the airing of the 6th Episode "Rock Vote" due to the sliding ratings.

</doc>
<doc id="9835136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835136" title="Old 666">
Old 666

Old 666, B-17E "41-2666" was a World War II B-17 Flying Fortress Bomber which was assigned to the United States' 43rd Bomb Group in 1943 and was the aircraft piloted by Lt. Col. (then Captain) Jay Zeamer on the mission that would earn him and 2d Lt. Joseph Sarnoski each a Medal of Honor, and every other member of the crew a Distinguished Service Cross.
History.
By 1943, Old 666, tail number 41-2666, had suffered heavy battle damage and had gained a reputation as a cursed bomber, often coming back from missions with heavy damage. Grounded at Port Moresby Airport, it was parked at the end of the runway where other aircrews could cannibalize it for needed parts. A military photographer told Zeamer, "I know where there’s a bomber, but no one will fly it anymore because every time it goes out it gets shot to hell!" 
Captain Zeamer, who had been unable to acquire a new bomber of his own because of discipline problems within the crew, had the bomber towed out of the 'bone yard' and, with enormous effort, not only restored the badly battered aircraft to flight status but made many changes. 
They included increasing the number of machine guns from 13 to 19, replacing the waist gunners' standard single guns with twin guns, replacing all .30 cal machine guns with the larger and more powerful .50 cal, and adding a fixed-position gun that could be fired from the pilot's station. Zeamer's crew put guns where they did not even need them, and left spare machine guns on the aircraft's catwalk; if a gun jammed at a critical moment they could dump it and quickly replace it. They also mounted a gun behind the ball turret near the waist. These modifications made Old 666 the most heavily armed bomber in the Pacific Theater.
In the months of missions that followed, Zeamer's crew was so busy that they never had the time to adorn their bomber with the traditional nose art, commonly seen on aircraft of that era. 
Though many subsequent accounts refer to the bomber as "Lucy," that was not a title Zeamer and his crew ever used. The only markings the converted B-17E bore was the tail number—the bomber became known simply as Old 666. In May, Zeamer and crew made a skip-bombing run on a Japanese aircraft carrier, swooping within fifty feet of its decks. 
A few days later on a daylight bombing raid over Rabaul, Old 666 came in so low it was brushing the roofs of the housetops. On a night mission over Wewak the Japanese gunners on the ground managed to fix the flight of incoming American bombers in the glare of several large searchlights, but, in an audacious display of airmanship, Zeamer dived on the positions, shooting out three lights and damaging two others. 
On a May 5 mission over Madang, Old 666 was hit more than sixty times by anti-aircraft fire, the stabilizer was shot out and the oxygen tanks exploded, yet the aircraft landed safely and was quickly patched.
Mapping mission.
On June 16, 1943 a request went out for a special mission: an unescorted, single-ship mapping mission over hostile territory. Capt. Zeamer and crew volunteered. Taking off at 4 a.m. to make use of cover of darkness, 'Old 666' and crew headed for Bougainville, where they were instructed to take reconnaissance of the Japanese controlled island, to determine logistics and enemy strength for the upcoming Invasion of the Solomon Islands.
The flight required flying over of open sea to reach the target. By 7:40 a.m., with only 22 minutes of flight-time remaining to complete its mission, Old 666 was intercepted by at least 17 Japanese fighters (15 A6M Zeros and 2 Ki-46 Dinahs) of the 251st Kōkūtai (Air Group), commanded by Chief Flight Petty Officer Yoshio Ooki. After making a pass at the heavily armed tail, the fighters came in against the normally lightly armed nose, only to find that this specific bomber possessed much-heavier forward firepower, resulting in two A6M Zeros being shot down. 20mm cannon shells from a third Zero smashed into the cockpit and nose, wounding both Zeamer and Sarnoski before being shot down itself. Sarnoski crawled out of the nose to seek first aid attention, but when a Ki-46 Dinah attacked nose-on, he returned to his guns, shot it down and then shortly thereafter collapsed. The second attack wave knocked out the plane's oxygen system, forcing the bomber to dive from to , where the crew could breathe normally, in just a matter of seconds.
By 8:45 a.m. the American bomber was over open seas, and the enemy fighters, low on ammunition and fuel, were forced to turn back to Bougainville. 6 out of 9 of Old 666's crew were dead or wounded in varying degrees, their aircraft heavily damaged. It was during the return flight that Zeamer lost consciousness and Sarnoski, still manning his guns, died. Upon landing, co-pilot Lt. Col. (then 1st Lt.) J.T. Britton told the ground crews to get Zeamer first, but the ground crew said, "He's gone!"; Zeamer, however, was not dead, and lived to receive the Medal of Honor; Sarnoski was awarded his Medal of Honor posthumously. In one of the most decorated flights in history, the rest of the crew received Distinguished Service Crosses. This mission was featured on the History Channel show "Dogfights", episode title "Long Odds".
After the war.
With the arrival of the newer B-17G and B-24's by mid war most B-17Es were either converted into unarmed transports or scrapped. Old 666 was returned to the United States in February 1944 and was salvaged at Albuquerque in August 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="9835161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835161" title="Fiona Caldicott">
Fiona Caldicott

Dame Fiona Caldicott, DBE, FRCPsych, FRCP, FRCPI, FRCGP, FMedSci, (1941-) is a psychiatrist and psychotherapist and, previously, Principal of Somerville College, Oxford.
She was a Pro Vice-Chancellor, Personnel and Equal Opportunities, of the University of Oxford and chaired its Personnel Committee. She is Chair of the Oxford University Hospitals NHS Trust and a past President of the British Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy.
She was the first woman to be President of the Royal College of Psychiatrists (1993–96) and its first woman Dean (1990–93). From 2011 - 2013 she was Chair of the National Information Governance Board for Health and Social Care.
Early life.
Caldicott was born on 12 January 1941, daughter of Joseph Soesan and Elizabeth (née Ransley). She was schooled at City of London School for Girls. She studied medicine at St Hilda's College, Oxford and qualified with BM BCh in 1966.
Caldicott Committee.
A review was commissioned by the Chief Medical Officer of England and Wales owing to increasing concern about the ways in which patient information is used in the NHS of England and Wales and the need to ensure that confidentiality is not undermined. Such concern was largely due to the development of information technology in the service, and its capacity to disseminate information about patients rapidly and extensively. 
In 1996, guidance on "the protection and use of patient information" was promulgated and there was a need to promote awareness of it at all levels in the NHS. It did not affect Scotland originally but they have recently adopted it. A main committee was set up under Fiona Caldicott's Chair and there were four separate working groups; the committee was known as the Caldicott Committee. 
The Caldicott Committee ... was to review all patient-identifiable information, which passes from NHS organisations to other NHS or non-NHS bodies for purposes other than direct care, medical research, or where there is a statutory requirement for information. The committee was to consider each flow of patient-identifiable information and was to advise the NHS Executive whether patient identification was justified by the purpose and whether action to minimise risks of breach of confidentiality was desirable—for example, reduction, elimination, or separate storage of items of information. 
The Caldicott Report was published in December 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9835186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835186" title="Chased by Dinosaurs">
Chased by Dinosaurs

Chased by Dinosaurs is a BBC program featuring Nigel Marven as a time-traveller who encounters dinosaurs in the wild. The two-part series, a sequel to "Walking with Dinosaurs", was broadcast over Christmas 2002 and featured Nigel and his "team of fellow explorers" encountering prehistoric life over a large range of time, and seeing creatures not featured in the original series. A three part sequel, "Sea Monsters", was later broadcast in 2003 and the similar series "Prehistoric Park" was produced by ITV in 2006. The series title wasn't used on screen, as it is the title for the Region 1 DVD (which also includes "Sea Monsters").
DVD release.
The two specials weren't released until 2004 when they were released as part of the Big Dinosaur Box Set which also included the previously released "Walking with Dinosaurs" and "The Ballad of Big Al". The DVD has not been released individually.
A Region 1 version was released later that year as a separate DVD and also included "Sea Monsters".
See also.
"Chased by Dinosaurs" is a spin-off of the following series of BBC documentaries:
"Chased by Dinosaurs" is one of the "Walking With... series" specials, that also include:
The following are similar programs, produced by the BBC:

</doc>
<doc id="9835187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835187" title="Mr. K">
Mr. K

Mr. K may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9835202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835202" title="Arrondissement of Nivelles">
Arrondissement of Nivelles

The Arrondissement of Nivelles (; ) is the only administrative arrondissement in the Belgian Province of Walloon Brabant, and thus comprises the whole province.
It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. The territory of the Judicial Arrondissement of Nivelles coincides with that of the Administrative Arrondissement of Nivelles.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Nivelles consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9835223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835223" title="UAD">
UAD

UAD may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9835244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835244" title="List of Totally Spies! episodes">
List of Totally Spies! episodes

The following is a list of episodes for the Canadian / French animated television series "Totally Spies!". The show features the adventures and missions of the three teenage spies Sam, Alex, and Clover led by the founder and administrator of WOOHP, Jerry Lewis. The Series has 6 Seasons divided into 156 episodes, not including the feature film. The series aired on TF1 in France and Teletoon in Canada
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Most episodes have a pattern in their titles, in which many are named after Clover's valley girl accent.
Season 5: 2010.
Season 5 was broadcast on TF1 in France ABC family and Cartoon Network USA in USA Teletoon in Canada Season 5 was broadcast in USA in 2010 and Internationally in 2007–2008 
Season 6: 2013.
The sixth season of Totally Spies! was announced by French television network TF1 in an online article. The season once again has 26 episodes, following their ongoing journey in the exciting and dangerous world of international espionage while juggling the responsibilities of college life. Season 6 premiered in September 2013. It is unknown if there will be a season 7. Season 6 aired on September 4, 2013 in France, the season aired in English in Singapore on October 4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9835251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835251" title="Back to the Bus (Funeral for a Friend album)">
Back to the Bus (Funeral for a Friend album)

Back to the Bus is a compilation of Funeral for a Friend's favourite songs released on March 26, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9835254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835254" title="Andrew Cogan">
Andrew Cogan

Andrew Cogan was the first agent of the English East India Company to rule Madras. He was the chief of the Masulipatnam factory when Madras was purchased from the Raja of Chandragiri and the chief negotiator in that venture.
Purchase of Madras.
In 1637, Francis Day, a member of the Masulipatnam Council and Chief of the Armagon Factory, made a voyage of exploration down the Coromandel Coast as far as Pondicherry. At that time,the Coromandel Coast was ruled by the Raja of Chandragiri through a local chief or Nayak, Damarla Venkatapathy Nayak, who ruled the coast from Pulicat up to San Thome. He had his seat at Wandiwash and his brother, Ayyappa Nayak resided at Poonamallee.
It is widely presumed that Ayyappa Nayak was the one who made overtures to the English to choose the area comprising the modern-day Georgetown for settlement. The offer looked good, and Day consulted Cogan, his superior, who investigated the proposed site and examined trading possibilities there. The results were favourable and Day secured a grant offering the village of Madraspatnam to the English for a period of two years. The Grant was dated August 1639, and after obtaining the approval of the Factory at Masulipatnam and the Presidency of Bantam (in Java), the settlement of Madraspatnam was begun.
Construction of Fort St. George.
Day and Cogan were jointly responsible for the construction of Fort St. George. The building of the Factory House was taken up on 1 March 1640. A portion of the structure was presumably completed by St. George's Day (23 April) of that year and consequently the name "Fort St. George" was given to the fort.
The bastions were the first fortifications constructed; erection of the curtain walls connecting them proceeded more slowly, as it constructed in stages as funds permitted. The whole Fort took fourteen years to construct and was finished only in 1653.
Cogan's agency.
Soon after the construction of Fort St. George had begun, Day was charged with the offence of trading privately, outside of his parent company, and he left for England in 1641. During his absence, Cogan was made the Agent of Madras and he remained in the post for more than three years. During his time in power he strengthened the fortifications and strove to make the town prosperous. But, he was charged with extravagant expenditure on the fortifications; as a consequence of which he resigned his post and sailed to England in disgust. Day assumed the Agency of Madras and served as agent for a short time thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="9835298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835298" title="Aleksei Volkov (ice hockey)">
Aleksei Volkov (ice hockey)

Aleksei Volkov, (born March 15, 1980), is a Russian hockey goaltender. He was drafted in the third round (76th overall) of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft by the Los Angeles Kings. He is currently a goaltender for HC MVD in the Kontinental Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="9835307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835307" title="List of general secretaries and chairmen of the Communist Party of China">
List of general secretaries and chairmen of the Communist Party of China

The following is a list of people who held the office of either General Secretary or Chairman of the Communist Party of China.

</doc>
<doc id="9835322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835322" title="IPFW Mastodons men's basketball">
IPFW Mastodons men's basketball

The IPFW Mastodons men's basketball team represents Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne in Fort Wayne, Indiana. The school's team currently competes in The Summit League. The team has never played in the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament. The Mastodons are coached by Jon Coffman and play their home games at the Hilliard Gates Sports Center.
History.
The Mastodons' first season was 1973–1974. Twice All-American and conference player of the year Sean Gibson (1993) is current all-time leading scorer and rebounder and Hall of Fame member. Their first season in Division I was 2001–2002. In 2007, they began playing in The Summit League. Before joining NCAA Division I athletics, IPFW competed in the Great Lakes Valley Conference in the NCAA Division II.
In 2014, IPFW played in their first conference final as a Division I school.
Postseason.
NCAA Division II Tournament results.
The Mastodons have appeared in one NCAA Division II Tournament. Their combined record is 0–2.
CIT results.
The Mastodons have appeared in one CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament (CIT). Their record is 1–1. 

</doc>
<doc id="9835324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835324" title="Wester Hailes Baptist Church">
Wester Hailes Baptist Church

Wester Hailes Baptist Church is a church in the Wester Hailes area of west Edinburgh, Scotland, founded in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="9835337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835337" title="UAG">
UAG

UAG may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9835346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835346" title="Elizabeth Burns">
Elizabeth Burns

Elizabeth Burns was Dean of Undergraduate Studies at Heythrop College, University of London from 2003–2008 and lectures in Philosophy of Religion.
Career.
She has a BD (specialising in Philosophy of Religion and Ethics) from King's College London, and a PhD from Queens' College, Cambridge. She was a Lecturer in Religious Studies at Suffolk College, Ipswich from 1992 until she came to Heythrop in 1999. From 2000-2003 she was the Course Director for the University of London BD for External Students.
She currently teaches an intercollegiate Philosophy of Religion course for the University of London MA Philosophy, and also teaches Interpreting Religious Language, and conducts the seminars and tutorials for Philosophy, Religion and Ethics students.
Publications.
Her publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="9835356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835356" title="Timothy Campbell (businessman)">
Timothy Campbell (businessman)

Timothy "Tim" Campbell, MBE is an English businessman best known as the winner of the first series of the British version of "The Apprentice", a BBC TV reality show in which contestants battle to win a £100,000-a-year job working for businessman Alan Sugar. Campbell, a Middlesex University graduate in psychology, worked as a Senior Planner within the Strategy and Service Development (formally Marketing and Planning) directorate of London Underground before applying to appear on the show.
"The Apprentice".
Campbell was hired by Sir Alan Sugar in the final episode of series 1 of "The Apprentice", screened in May 2005. He beat fellow contestant and runner-up Saira Khan after the pair had carried out the final challenge of hosting parties on boats on the River Thames. Campbell was project manager for his team twice in the show: in weeks 1 and 4. A second series of the show was commissioned shortly after his victory.
An hour-long documentary about Campbell's first year in his new job, entitled "The Apprentice: Tim in the Firing Line", was aired on 19 February 2006, a few days before the launch of series 2.
Post-"Apprentice".
After his victory, Campbell joined Sugar's company Amstrad on a £100,000 salary. His first task was to market an anti-wrinkle device, and he became Project Director of Amstrad's new Health & Beauty division. In autumn 2006, Campbell held a series of one-to-one advice sessions for budding entrepreneurs organised by the British Library's Business & Intellectual Property Centre.
In January 2007, he made a guest appearance in the special edition programme "Comic Relief Does The Apprentice", in order to raise money for Comic Relief. He joined the contestants after actor Rupert Everett left the show early.
Campbell was kept on at Amstrad after the end of his original 12-month contract, but in March 2007, after two years at the company, he left to set up Bright Ideas Trust, which aims to give young entrepreneurs a chance to start up in business with equity funding and advice from business angels. Sir Alan said Campbell had been a "great asset".
In July 2007 Campbell became a Social Enterprise Ambassador as part of a British Government initiative that aims to apply modern business solutions to social and environmental problems. The programme is led by the Social Enterprise Coalition and supported by the Office of the Third Sector, a Government department responsible for charities, co-operatives, voluntary and community groups.
It was announced in the 2012 New Years Honours List that Campbell was to be made a Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (MBE) for Services to Enterprise Culture.
Since February 2012, Campbell has been a member of Estate Office Property Consultants, a boutique London property investment and development agency, where he focuses on investments and acquisitions for High Net Worth Individuals and organisations seeking prime property opportunities.
Personal life.
In 2013, Campbell became chair of the governing body of St Bonaventure's School, the school that he attended as a boy. 

</doc>
<doc id="9835371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835371" title="Mag-antsi language">
Mag-antsi language

Mag-antsi or Mag-anchi is a Sambalic language. It has around 4,200 speakers (Stock 2005) and is spoken within Aeta communities in the Zambal municipalities of Botolan, San Marcelino, and Castillejos; in the Tarlaqueño municipalities of Capas and Bamban; in Mabalacat, Pampanga; and in the city of Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="9835379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835379" title="Compass Travel">
Compass Travel

Compass Travel is an independent bus and coach operator based in Durrington, West Sussex.
History.
Compass Travel operate over 50 bus services throughout Surrey and West Sussex, linking many places other bus companies do not serve. They operate commercial and contracted routes, including route 99, a flexible service between Petworth and Chichester. This service has a fixed route, but will deviate off the route to serve a number of small villages if pre-booked. In addition, a number of Sainsbury's special bus services are run, serving Rustington and Chichester Sainsbury's. Services to Benfield Park Sainsbury's were withdrawn in 2010.
In October 2006 the operation of some of Compass Travel's routes, mainly in the Burgess Hill area, passed to Countryliner. In September 2007, Compass picked up a number of routes formerly operated by Palaeobus, when they ceased trading. The Holmbush Express services were added to the portfolio from 20 April 2009, along with several other enhancements to existing services.
In April 2009, Compass acquired the three coach Sussex Country Tours business, including a rare 25 seater Robin Hood bodied Mercedes-Benz coach.
Work with Brighton & Hove Albion football club and rail replacement for Southern from the middle of 2011 saw the company expanding into new areas. Optare Solos are regularly seen plying between Rottingdean and Falmer Stadium, whereas the larger vehicles operate the services from Shoreham and Hangleton. Newer 10.8m Enviro 200s have strengthened the fleet to increase the number of vehicles available to rail replacement work, although at present this is largely restricted to services operating through Barnham under the low bridge.
From 3 January 2012, Compass took over the operation of the Stagecoach South route 7 in Worthing under a franchise agreement. Unique in South East England, this arrangement gives the running of the service to Compass, whilst Stagecoach retain it as part of their network. The service was adjusted by splitting the two estates - North Sompting to be served by a modification of the original route 7, and the Test Road estate to the south by the new 7A. This enabled the service to be operated by three vehicles instead of four as previously. Stagecoach livery and route branding has been applied to the vehicles.
Further expansion came when Compass won contracts to operate routes in East Sussex from 21 May 2012. These are in the Lewes / Newhaven / Seaford area. Six brand new Optare Solo SRs were ordered to operate these services.
More services resulted when Compass were awarded contracts for a number of services in Brighton & Hove, which commenced on 16 September 2012. Seven brand new Alexander Dennis Enviro 200 Darts were purchased to operate these routes. In the West Sussex area, a number of changes have resulted following West Sussex County Council cuts.
Fleet.
As of August 2013 the fleets consisted of 74 buses and coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="9835382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835382" title="Charlotte Chapel">
Charlotte Chapel

Charlotte Chapel may be

</doc>
<doc id="9835414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835414" title="Anna-Dean Farm">
Anna-Dean Farm

The Anna-Dean Farm is a historic farm in Barberton, Ohio, United States. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is the site of several structures independently listed on the Register.
History.
The Anna-Dean farm was a concept of American industrialist O.C. Barber who envisioned a superfarm on the outskirts of Barberton, and to that end he began purchasing land for the eventual farm as early as 1900.
Construction of the farm facilities began in 1907 with a concrete poultry building but would not truly begin in earnest until 1909 when Barber undertook a massive construction project that would last until 1913. With an estimated daily construction budget of over $1,000 and an overall cost of some $7 million the farm had swelled to a collection of 35 independent structures. While Barber claims in his own book a total of 102 structures it is likely he included in his tally preexisting structures that had been incorporated into the farm during its expansion.
The centerpiece of the farm was the 52 room Beaux Arts style mansion Barber constructed in 1909 to 1910. According to the Barberton Historical Society, it was demolished in 1965.
Following Barber's death in 1920, the majority of the structures on the farm were demolished. Efforts by the Barberton Historical Society have succeeded in preserving and restoring 6 of the original buildings, with 2 others still standing in other private possession.
Historic sites.
In addition to the farm itself, the following buildings on the farmstead are individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places: 

</doc>
<doc id="9835444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835444" title="Abellen language">
Abellen language

Abellen, Abenlen, or Aburlin is a Sambalic language. It has about 3,500 speakers (Stone 2005) and is spoken within an Aeta community in the province of Tarlac in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="9835464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835464" title="TGFBR3">
TGFBR3

Betaglycan also known as Transforming growth factor beta receptor III (TGFBR3), is a cell-surface chondroitin sulfate / heparan sulfate proteoglycan >300 kDa in molecular weight. Betaglycan binds to various members of the TGF-beta superfamily of ligands via its core protein, and bFGF via its heparan sulfate chains. It is not involved directly in TGF-beta signal transduction but by binding to various member of the TGF-beta superfamily at the cell surface it acts as a reservoir of ligand for TGF-beta receptors.

</doc>
<doc id="9835466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835466" title="Infomax">
Infomax

Infomax is an optimization principle for artificial neural networks and other information processing systems. It prescribes that a function that maps a set of input values "I" to a set of output values "O" should be chosen or learned so as to maximize the average Shannon mutual information between "I" and "O", subject to a set of specified constraints and/or noise processes. Infomax algorithms are learning algorithms that perform this optimization process. The principle was described by Linsker in 1987.
Infomax, in its zero-noise limit, is related to the principle of redundancy reduction proposed for biological sensory processing by Horace Barlow in 1961, and applied quantitatively to retinal processing by Atick and Redlich.
One of the applications of infomax has been to an independent component analysis algorithm that finds independent signals by maximising entropy. Infomax-based ICA was described by Bell and Sejnowski in 1995. 

</doc>
<doc id="9835499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835499" title="Fridstoll">
Fridstoll

Among ancient English writers, fridstoll, or frithstow, signified a seat, chair, or place of peace. The most famous example was in Beverley, which had the inscription "Haec sedes lapidea Freedstoll dicitur", i.e. Pacis Cathedra, "ad quam reus fugiendo perveniens, omnimodam habet securitatem".
The term also signified a palace, which was usually a privileged place.

</doc>
<doc id="9835522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835522" title="List of Ohio train stations">
List of Ohio train stations

Amtrak offers three passenger train routes through Ohio, serving the major cities of Toledo, Cleveland, and Cincinnati.
The major cities of Columbus and Dayton do not have Amtrak passenger train stations. Columbus is the second-largest city in the U.S. without passenger rail service after Phoenix, and Dayton is the fourth.
Of the cities in Ohio, only Greater Cleveland has rail mass transit, with rail stations within or "across the road" from the following communities:
Cleveland had a subway line crossing the Cuyahoga River on the lower-deck of Detroit-Superior Bridge traveling between Ohio City (near Detroit & West 25th. St.) and downtown Cleveland. Currently, it is only open for historical walking tours.
Cleveland also had a much larger, electric-powered light-rail streetcar system of rail coaches & overhead lines, which were replaced by diesel-powered city transit buses.
Cincinnati once started construction of a subway, but work was abandoned during the Great Depression. Cincinnati has had efforts in the 21st century to revive train service with plans to extend train service from the Cincinnati Airport (CVG) in Kentucky to downtown Cincinnati, to Kings Island. However, funding for this project has not been found.
There are also several passenger railroad lines and train stations in Ohio which offer scenic train rides.
Amtrak Passenger Train Service.
Amtrak Cardinal (Chicago - Cincinnati - Washington DC - New York).
The Cardinal passenger train enters Ohio near College Corner, travels through Hamilton, and stops at Cincinnati Union Terminal. Most of the Union Terminal has now been turned into the Cincinnati Museum Center at Union Terminal, with the Amtrak train station located in the same building. After leaving Cincinnati, the train crosses into Kentucky where it follows the Ohio River on the southern border of Ohio to Ashland, Kentucky.
Rail Mass Transit.
Cleveland, Ohio has two standard gauge RTA Rapid Transit rail systems,
one for heavy-rail and one for three light-rail "streetcar" lines:
Light-rail stations.
CAUTION:
Both Red heavy-rail line, and Blue & Green light-rail lines have stations called "East 79th.",
they are two different stations geographically apart on East 79th. St.<br>
Similarly, the Blue & Green lines have Southington, Lee, and Warrensville stations which are pairs of different stations geographically apart on their respective street names.

</doc>
<doc id="9835533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835533" title="List of International Space Station expeditions">
List of International Space Station expeditions

This is a chronological list of expeditions to the International Space Station (ISS). All permanent ISS crews are named , where "n" is sequentially increased with each expedition. Resupply mission crews and space tourists are excluded (see List of human spaceflights to the ISS for details). ISS commanders are listed in "italics". "Duration" refers to the crew and does not always correspond to "Flight up" or "Flight down".

</doc>
<doc id="9835535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835535" title="The Stadium Scholarship Program">
The Stadium Scholarship Program

The Stadium Scholarship Program is a cooperative program originally housed in residence quarters in the west side of Ohio Stadium - thus the name. The Program is steeped in history and a tradition of academic merit and good citizenship. It is a very close community of students who strive for excellence in leadership through meaningful involvement in the residence hall, Ohio State, and the greater Columbus community. Students participate in residence hall activities, leadership positions, community service projects, relationships with alumni, and the cooperative work program.
Cooperative Work Program.
One of the fundamental aspects of the Stadium Scholarship Program is the cooperative work program. Students work 5-7 hours a week, or 50-70 hours a quarter in the hall in exchange for the reduced discount housing fees received at the beginning of every quarter. Hours are flexible around class and exam schedules.
History.
Origins.
The concept was the brainchild of Joseph A. Park, who was the university's dean of men at the time. Park noticed that many Ohio high school students weren't going to college because they could not afford it. In 1933, a group of 75 young male students with limited financial means moved into the Ohio Stadium. Those young men lived in barrack-like conditions in the stadium's southwest corner, which would become known as the Tower Club. In exchange for a break on rent, the young men did all the chores in the no-frills dorm, except cooking, while they attended classes at the Ohio State University.
In subsequent years, the dorm expanded along the west side of the stadium and additional names, such as Buckeye and Tower clubs, were placed on the living quarters. Through the years, the unique dorm gained national attention. First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt even visited the student living quarters housed in the Horseshoe. And, in more recent history, the dorm was featured several times during nationally televised OSU football games.
Departure from Ohio Stadium.
In 1975, the program and the Stadium dormitory were expanded several times. The university completed a multi-million dollar renovation in the mid-1980s resulting in a residence hall that housed approximately 360 students. In the late 1990s, the university sought to expand and renovate Ohio Stadium. The decision was made to move the Stadium Scholarship Program to Mack Hall.
Second Relocation.
The stadium Scholarship program called Mack Hall its home for several years before moving to its current location at the Scholars houses on 10th ave.

</doc>
<doc id="9835546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835546" title="Think (journal)">
Think (journal)

Think () is an academic journal created to forge a direct link between contemporary philosophy and the general public. The central aim of the journal is to provide easily accessible and engaging writing by philosophers pre-eminent in their fields to a wide audience, unimpeded by academic jargon and technicality. The journal is sponsored by the Royal Institute of Philosophy in London and published by Cambridge University Press. Think's editor is Stephen Law.
"Think" expressly aims to counter the popular impression that philosophy is pointless and wholly detached from everyday life. It also aims to expose some of the bad philosophy that currently passes as accepted wisdom, and offers contemporary philosophers the chance to help nurture and encourage philosophers of the next generation.
Notable articles.
Notable articles include:

</doc>
<doc id="9835550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835550" title="Rizal Memorial Coliseum">
Rizal Memorial Coliseum

The Rizal Memorial Coliseum is one of two indoor sporting arenas located inside the Rizal Memorial Sports Complex in Manila, Philippines, the other being the Ninoy Aquino Stadium. The capacity of the coliseum is 8,000.
The coliseum and the surrounding sports complex are named after Philippine national hero José Rizal. The venue was originally built solely for tennis and was called the Rizal Memorial Tennis Stadium, but was later used for basketball and other indoor competitions, which led it to being renamed to its present name.
It was one of the main venues of basketball games and other indoor sports during the 1940s up until the 1970s. It was the home venue of the NCAA, UAAP and the now-defunct Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association. These leagues started to also hold their games outside of Rizal Memorial Coliseum when The Araneta Coliseum became operational in the 1960s.
The Philippine Basketball Association also hosted a number of playing dates in the venue during the early-1980s. The basketball competitions of the 1981 Southeast Asian Games was held at RMC that saw a fight-marred gold medal game between the host Philippines and Malaysia.
With the construction and use of the more popular (and much larger) Araneta Coliseum, as well as the use of the PhilSports Arena, the arena suffered terribly as the arena lack an air-conditioning system and adequate lighting. However, in the past few years it has hosted a number of UAAP, NCAA and Shakey's V-League tournaments, as well as the 2005 Southeast Asian Games.
In 2007, the NCAA held its games at the Araneta Coliseum and The Arena in San Juan marking for the first time in a long while the arena did not host any NCAA game.

</doc>
<doc id="9835555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835555" title="Aidan Moffat">
Aidan Moffat

Aidan John Moffat (born 10 April 1973) is a Scottish vocalist and musician, best known for his work with Malcolm Middleton in Arab Strap. 
Early life.
Moffat was born and raised in Falkirk, Scotland. The first album he bought was "Elvis Sings For Kids" by Elvis Presley. Whilst at Falkirk High School, he listened to such bands as Pixies, Dinosaur Jr. and Slint His first ever gig was at age 16, and was David Byrne at the Glasgow Barrowlands in 1989. In 1990, at age 17, he was expelled from school, with no Higher Qualifications. He then worked for four years at an independent record shop called Sleeves Records, resigning one morning in 1996, due to having a hangover and wanting to go home.
Career.
Arab Strap.
In 1995, Moffat and Malcolm Middleton began making music under the name Arab Strap and sent in demo cassettes to record companies. Only one, Chemikal Underground, replied, and they were soon signed to them.
Moffat and Middleton briefly reunited in November 2011 for a gig as part of the 20th anniversary celebrations of Glasgow venue Nice N Sleazy.
Outside Arab Strap.
In 2002, after being challenged by Malcolm Middleton to release a solo album, Moffat released a solo album entitled "Hypnogogia" under the name Lucky Pierre. In 2005, after changing the name to L. Pierre, Moffat released an album called "Touchpool". In 2007 he released "Dip".
From 1991 to 1996, Moffat recorded with a band called The Angry Buddhists, which consisted of Aidan Moffat, Gavin Moffat, Stuart the Postman, "Cheg" Taylor and The Stobe. They recorded "over 40 songs on dictaphones and 4-tracks", but never played live. Aidan was also the drummer in Bay, a band who released two albums - "Happy Being Different" (1994) and "Alison Rae" (1995).
Moffat provided guest vocals on the Mogwai song "R U Still in 2 It" from "Mogwai Young Team", recorded in the same studio (MCM Studios in Hamilton) around the same time as Arab Strap were recording "The Week Never Starts Round Here" in 1997. Moffat also contributes vocals to the Mogwai song "Now You're Taken" from "4 Satin". Mogwai have a song dedicated to him on their second album, "Come on Die Young", entitled "Waltz for Aidan".
In 2002, Moffat, Stuart Braithwaite from Mogwai and Colin "Sheepy" McPherson released an eponymously titled EP under the name "The Sick Anchors".
Moffat uses his own name for his 2007 poetry album, "I Can Hear Your Heart".
Aidan Moffat & the Best-Ofs are a four piece band fronted by Moffat. They played their first gig supporting American band Slint at the Glasgow ABC in Scotland, where they debuted the songs "Big Blonde", "The Last Kiss", "Ballad of the Unsent Letter", "Living With You Now" and "Atheist's Lament". Their first album, titled "How to Get to Heaven From Scotland", was released on 3 March 2009.
In 2009 Moffat wrote an advice column for the online magazine "The Quietus".
In 2011 Moffat and pianist, bassist and former Arab Strap collaborator Bill Wells released "Everything's Getting Older", which in June 2012 won the first Scottish Album of the Year (SAY) Award from the Scottish Music Industry Association.
In early 2013 Moffat released a new L. Pierre album, "The Island Come True". In July he released another full album, "The Eternalist", which was made available for free online and recorded on Vine.
Personal life.
Moffat lives in Glasgow with his partner and two children, a boy and a girl.
He is known for his distinctive facial hair, which he has commented on, saying

</doc>
<doc id="9835566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835566" title="List of SportsCenter anchors and reporters">
List of SportsCenter anchors and reporters

This is a list of current and former "SportsCenter" anchors and reporters since that show debuted on September 7, 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9835578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835578" title="Marea Hartman">
Marea Hartman

Dame Marea Hartman, DBE (22 June 1920 – 29 August 1994), was a British athletics sports administrator. She was one of the longest serving and most influential sports administrators in the history of 20th century British athletics.
Marea Hartman is credited with the post-World War II integration of British women athletes into full competition and parity with that of their male counterparts. Internationally well respected, she was for thirteen years Chairwoman of the Women's Commission of the International Amateur Athletic Federation. She was also the first woman to serve as President of the Amateur Athletic Association of England from 1991 to 1994. 
Early life.
Gladys Marea Hartman was born in London. Her father was Swiss and had left Switzerland to work in London where he found a position as a caterer. Marea possessed natural ability as a runner and in the early 1930s as a member of Spartan Ladies Athletic Club she was representing her club and her county of Surrey. She left home at an early age lodging in Clapham in south London and working for the paper manufacturers Bowater as a human resources officer devoting her non work time to women's athletics. Any chances that Hartman would become an International athlete were ended by the onset of war during which conflict she served in the Welfare Division based in London.
Eminent sports administrator.
Marea Hartman was one of the few women that also included Dorothy Nelson Neal and Vera Searle who reached senior positions in the male dominated world of post-war British athletics.She started off in 1945 as Hon. Treasurer of Spartan Ladies and early in 1950, aged 29, she was elected Hon. Treasurer of the national governing body, the Women's AAA. She was appointed team manager of the British women's team for the Melbourne Olympic Games of 1956, holding this position until 1978, a period that encompassed five Olympic Games and a host of other important meetings including the European championships and the Commonwealth Games. In the 1950s female athletics had little or no media profile, and it is to Hartman's credit that she was able to secure sponsorship deals with a number of manufacturers of well-known brands, including Unilever products Bovril and Sunsilk.
Hartman was insistent on equality for women athletes, arguing for their participation in a range of events that had previously been denied to them, and she successfully navigated the sometimes reactionary world of British amateur athletics with skill and sociability. In latter years some athletes saw her as a conservative figure, and in the late 1970s she and fellow sports administrator Arthur Gold were the subject of some fierce criticism from sections of the press primed by elements within British athletics. It was essentially the new guard versus the old, with Hartman seen by some as part of the reactionary old guard.
Pierre de Coubertin's spirit of participation was a principle in which Hartman believed (she was never a paid official, carrying out her functions within the sport in an honorary capacity without remuneration), but once she realised that professionalism was not going away, she argued for equality for women athletes in the professional era. In her younger years she was well suited to her role as Team Manager, where she often had to reassure nervously strung international athletes. She was closely associated with the historic triumphs of Mary Rand and Ann Packer at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics. After Lillian Board, the 400 metre silver medalist at the 1968 Mexico Olympics, was diagnosed with terminal cancer, Hartman was with Board in Munich shortly before she died in 1970. Hartman was instrumental in the setting up a memorial trophy, the Lillian Board Trophy, awarded each year for outstanding fundraising for cancer. 
Hartman was selected Chairwoman of the Women's Commission of the IAAF in 1968, a post she held until 1981. As Honorary Secretary of the Women's AAA she campaigned against the use of stimulants and performance enhancing drugs, and was a founder member of the Drugs Abuse Sub-Committee as far back as 1968. When British athletics administration received a much needed overhaul in 1991, Hartman became President of the British Athletics Federation.
She never married or had children. Her nephew is the actor Douglas Fielding.
Honours.
She was appointed MBE and later advanced to CBE. She was named a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 1994 New Years Honours List; she died eight months later from undisclosed causes.
Positions held.
Her official positions included:

</doc>
<doc id="9835603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835603" title="Yamaha GTS1000">
Yamaha GTS1000

The Yamaha GTS1000 is a sport-touring motorcycle introduced by Yamaha in 1993, sold until 1994 in the United States, and sold elsewhere until 1999. It is notable for its forkless front suspension, specifically a RADD, Inc., front suspension designed by James Parker. This suspension provided improved stability under braking, but the improvement did not justify the additional cost for the consumer, and the bike was not commercially successful.
The GTS1000 also had advanced technologies not normally found on motorcycles at the time, such as electronic fuel injection, ABS brakes, and a catalytic converter.
The engine was taken from the Yamaha FZR1000 of the time, and incorporated Yamaha's Genesis engine technology, though it was limited by design to .
In 2006, "Bike" declared the 1994 Yamaha GTS1000 the coolest of rare motorcycles. "Scarce, stylish, yet capable and completely usable: that's cool in our book."

</doc>
<doc id="9835636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835636" title="Piura (disambiguation)">
Piura (disambiguation)

Piura may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9835637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835637" title="Carr–Benkler wager">
Carr–Benkler wager

The Carr–Benkler wager is between Yochai Benkler and Nicholas Carr about whether the most influential sites on the Internet will be peer-produced or price-incentivized systems.
History.
The wager was proposed by Benkler in July 2006 in a comment to a blog post where Carr criticizes Benkler's views about volunteer peer-production. Benkler believes that by 2011 the major sites will have content provided by volunteers in what Benkler calls commons-based peer production, as in Wikipedia, reddit, Flickr and YouTube. Carr argues that the trend will favor content provided by paid workers, as in most traditional news outlets.
In May 2012 Carr resurrected the discussion, arguing that he had clearly won the wager. Benkler replied with a rebuttal shortly after, arguing that the only way Carr could be seen to have won is if social software was considered as commercial content.

</doc>
<doc id="9835654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835654" title="Lil Fuccillo">
Lil Fuccillo

Pasquale "Lil" Fuccillo (born 2 May 1956) is a former footballer and manager. He is currently the chief scout at Crawley Town.
Biography.
Playing career.
Fuccillo was born in Bedford to Italian parents and joined Luton Town from school. He established himself in the their starting line-up, and there was even talk of a call-up to the Italian national team. Disaster struck, however, when a tackle by Brighton and Hove Albion's Paul Clark shattered his leg. He broke his leg for a second time during his comeback match for the Luton youth team. He did manage, eventually, to regain his place in the team and played an important part as they won Second Division in 1982.
In 1983 Fuccillo left Luton following a contractual dispute and played 19 games for the Tulsa Roughnecks in the North American Soccer League.
Fuccillo then joined Southend United, before John Wile brought him to Peterborough United. He helped Posh get to the 5th round of the FA Cup in 1985/86, had a brief spell as caretaker manager in 1986/87 prior to Noel Cantwell's return to the club, but was released during the summer of 1987.
He played briefly for Malta side Valletta before short spells at Cambridge United and Kettering Town. He finished his playing career at Isthmian League side Wivenhoe Town.
Coaching career.
Chris Turner brought him back to Peterborough United in 1991 as his assistant manager, and had an unsuccessful spell as manager when Turner became chairman. He joined Barry Fry at Birmingham City as coach, and then moved back to Peterborough United to be his assistant. His third spell at Peterborough United did not last long, however, as Fry sacked both Fuccillo and coach Mick Halsall in December 1996 as an economy measure.
Fuccillo had spells as a scout for Sheffield Wednesday and as John Still's right-hand man at Barnet, but in November 2000 he returned to Luton Town as a scout. A week later he was promoted to assistant manager, but, with the club at the foot of the league, Ricky Hill was sacked within weeks so Fuccillo then stepped up into the managerial seat. Following an unsuccessful reign, Joe Kinnear was brought to the club in February as Director of Football, but took it upon himself to replace Fuccillo as manager as well. Surprisingly, Fuccillo remained at Luton Town as a coach until the end of the season. Their third manager of the season, however, was unable to save the club and Luton were relegated to the basement division for the first time since 1968.
During the summer of 2001 he joined United Counties League side Wootton Blue Cross as a coach for John Taylor, making an immediate impact with the team starting with a ten-match winning sequence. After a season Fuccillo linked up with Peterborough United for a fourth time as a scout, but again this spell did not last long as he moved to perform a similar role with Premiership side Everton, combined at the start with some part-time coaching at Taylor's new club St Neots Town. He was reunited once more with Taylor as he began the 2006–07 season as a coach at Isthmian League side Arlesey Town, but in November 2006 joined Leicester City as chief scout.
On 21 March 2008, Lil Fucillo was appointed chief scout for Newcastle United. On 3 September 2009 he left Newcastle United to take up a similar position at Championship rivals Swansea City. 
On 23 March 2012 Luton Town announced that Fuccillo had returned to the club in the role of Technical Director, which he held until his departure in April 2013.
Fuccillo was appointed as chief scout at League One side Crawley Town on 6 February 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="9835661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835661" title="TGF beta receptor 1">
TGF beta receptor 1

Transforming growth factor, beta receptor I (activin A receptor type II-like kinase, 53kDa) is a TGF beta receptor. TGFBR1 is its human gene.
Interactions.
TGF beta receptor 1 has been shown to interact with Mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 7, FKBP1A, TGF beta 1, Caveolin 1, FNTA, PPP2R2A, TGF beta receptor 2, Endoglin, Heat shock protein 90kDa alpha (cytosolic), member A1 and STRAP.

</doc>
<doc id="9835664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835664" title="TGF beta receptor 2">
TGF beta receptor 2

Transforming growth factor, beta receptor II (70/80kDa) is a TGF beta receptor. TGFBR2 is its human gene.
It is a tumor suppressor gene.
Interactions.
TGF beta receptor 2 has been shown to interact with Cyclin B2, TGF beta receptor 1, Transforming growth factor, beta 3, AP2B1, Endoglin, Heat shock protein 90kDa alpha (cytosolic), member A1 and STRAP.
Domain architecture.
TGF beta receptor 2 consists of a C-terminal protein kinase domain and an N-terminal ectodomain. The ectodomain consists of a compact fold containing nine beta-strands and a single helix stabilised by a network of six intra strand disulphide bonds. The folding topology includes a central five-stranded antiparallel beta-sheet, eight-residues long at its centre, covered by a second layer consisting of two segments of two-stranded antiparallel beta-sheets (beta1-beta4, beta3-beta9).

</doc>
<doc id="9835665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835665" title="Prospect Terrace Park">
Prospect Terrace Park

Prospect Terrace Park is a park located on Congdon Street in the College Hill neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island. The park, founded in 1867, overlooks the city's "downcity."
Author and Providence native H. P. Lovecraft frequently visited the park.
A statue of theologian Roger Williams was built in the late 1930s after Williams' descendant Stephen Randall made a deed of gift for the monument. The approximate 15-foot tall granite statue commemorates Williams' founding of the state of Rhode Island and his promotion for religious freedom. The statue depicts Williams gazing over the city. 
In 1939, Roger Williams remains were moved into a tomb that lies directly beneath the statue. His body had been overgrown by the roots of an apple tree next to his original grave. The roots grew over the form of his body, so that it looked identical to a human form. The remainder of his bones were reburied in a bronze casket and placed beneath his statue in Prospect Terrace. The so-called "William's Root" is preserved and is now on display at the John Brown House Museum on the East Side of Providence.

</doc>
<doc id="9835668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835668" title="Royal Institute of Philosophy">
Royal Institute of Philosophy

The Royal Institute of Philosophy, founded in 1925, is a charity organisation that offers lectures and conferences on philosophical topics. The Institute is "dedicated to the advancement of philosophy in all its forms, in order to access the widest possible audience.", and is not committed to any particular philosophical school, method or ideology. The Institute’s membership includes both professional philosophers and lay people. It is based in London, but has several branch offices around the UK, including Glasgow, Wolverhampton, Durham, and Birmingham.
History.
While waiting to go into prison for sponsoring an anti-war pamphlet in 1916, Bertrand Russell gave his "Lectures on Logical Atomism" in the hall where the Institute's annual lecture series are now held. He finished them just before he was incarcerated. The Home Secretary, Lord Balfour, gave the extraordinary instruction that the prisoner should be allowed writing materials in this cell, in which he produced his "Introduction to Mathematical Philosophy", published in 1919. Russell, together with Balfour, L. T. Hobhouse, Samuel Alexander, Harold Laski, and the Institute's Journal's first editor, Sydney Hooper, founded the Institute, originally known as the British Institute of Philosophical Studies, in 1925.
The first President of the Institute was Lord Balfour, succeeded in 1930 by Lord Samuel, in 1959 by Lord Halsbury, in 1991 by Anthony Quinton, and in 2006 by Sir Anthony Kenny. Sir Anthony, the current President, has been Master of Balliol College, Oxford and President of the British Academy. He is author of many philosophical books and articles, and he gave the Institute’s Annual Lecture in 2007. Sir David Ross was for many years Chairman of Council, and Professor Hywel Lewis for many years after him. He was succeeded by the then Vice-Chancellor of the University of London, Stewart Sutherland, Baron Sutherland of Houndwood. After almost 20 years of service to the Institute, Lord Sutherland was succeeded by Professor Ted Honderich, Emeritus Grote Professor of Mind and Logic at University College London
Professor H. B. Acton, Director of the Institute while Professor at Bedford College, London, who is commemorated by occasional special lectures, was succeeded by Professor Godfrey Vesey, the founding Professor of Philosophy of the Open University. On his retirement after 13 years as Director he was appointed Fellow of the Institute in 1979. Professor Anthony O'Hear of the University of Bradford has been Director since the session 1994-95. The Institute's title of Royal was granted in 1947. The secretary to the society was James Garvey

</doc>
<doc id="9835787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835787" title="Nathan Myrick">
Nathan Myrick

Nathan Myrick (July 7, 1822 in Westport, New York - June 4, 1903 in St. Paul, Minnesota) founded La Crosse, Wisconsin in 1841. Myrick was in the fur trade in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin before traveling north to establish a fur trading post in what is now La Crosse. In 1849, he moved to St. Paul, Minnesota to establish more fur trading posts. He was a brother of Andrew Myrick.

</doc>
<doc id="9835867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835867" title="Rangnath Dol">
Rangnath Dol

Ahom king Swargadeo Rudra Singha dug the Joysagar tank, the world's largest man-made tank covering an area of including its four banks in memory of his mother Sati Joymati. On its bank in 1703 he built the Rangnath Dol, a (Shiva) temple near the Borduar or main gateway on way from the Joysagar tank to the Talatal Ghar to offer prayer to Lord Shiva. Large numbers of devotees continue to visit and offer puja in this temple.

</doc>
<doc id="9835870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835870" title="New Caledonian Nouméa Accord referendum, 1998">
New Caledonian Nouméa Accord referendum, 1998

A referendum on the Nouméa Accord was held in New Caledonia on 8 November 1998. It was approved by 71.87% of voters. The proportion of voters in favour was highest in the Loyalty Islands (where turnout was lowest) and lowest in the South Province (where turnout was highest).
Background.
After the failed independence referendum in 1987 and the subsequent Ouvéa cave hostage taking in April and May 1988, the Matignon Agreements signed in June 1988 (and approved in a France-wide referendum) provided for another referendum in the territory in 1998. The Nouméa Accord was subsequently agreed on 5 May 1998, and provided for a gradual transfer of powers to the New Caledonian authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="9835888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835888" title="Made of Steel (novella)">
Made of Steel (novella)

Made of Steel is a BBC Books original novella written by Terrance Dicks and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Tenth Doctor and Martha. This paperback is part of the Quick Reads Initiative sponsored by the UK government, to encourage literacy. It has a similar look to BBC Books' other new series adventures, except for its much shorter word count, being a paperback and not being numbered as part of the same series. To date it is the one of only five novels based upon the revived series that have not been published in hardcover: the first, "I am a Dalek", was published in May 2006; the third, "Revenge of the Judoon", was published in March 2008; the fourth, "The Sontaran Games", was published in February 2009; and the fifth, "Code of the Krillitanes", was published in March 2010. These four books are also part of the Quick Reads Initiative.
Plot.
Returning from the Cretaceous period, The Tenth Doctor and Martha Jones journey to the present day, where Cybermen have been teleporting into labs and stealing technology.
The Doctor takes Martha back to the Royal Hope hospital, where they have a confrontation with a pair of Cybermen in the car park. After nearly being captured, the Cybermen suddenly disappear, due to faults with their unfamiliar teleportation technology. The Army also want to get their hands on the Doctor, and ask for his help, so the Army capture him and his TARDIS from the Royal Hope Hospital, and he is separated from Martha.
At the Army Base, the Doctor realises that the Cybermen who were made on Earth, not the parallel universe (and were therefore not sucked into the void) having been using teleportion devices stolen from the Torchwood building, to help them gather enough technology to create a portal capable of reopening The Void and release the Cybermen trapped inside. But the Cybermen do not know how to open the Void, and so they need the Doctor to open it for them. That's why they're trying to capture him alive.
While Martha is separated from the Doctor, the Cybermen reappear, and capture her. They take her to their secret base where they discuss whether or not to kill her. Soon, the Doctor phones her on her mobile, and lets slip where he is. Just as Martha is about to tell him where she is, the Cyberleader snatches her phone and destroys it, then plans an attack on the Army Base where the Doctor is being held.
The Doctor manages to figure out that the Cybermen are at the Millennium Dome. But a team of 6 Cybermen (who were being kept frozen since the battle of Canary Wharf) attacks the base. The Army manages to destroy all but the Cyberleader with special weapons they had prepared in case Cybermen should invade again. The Cyberleader tells the Doctor that they'll kill Martha unless he helps them, then vanishes.
The Doctor and the Army plan to attack the Millennium Dome. Having retrieved his TARDIS from the base, the Doctor manages to materialize right inside the Dome but the Army cannot enter due to a force-field set up by the Cybermen. The Doctor cooperates with the remaining two Cybermen & the Cyberleader, and opens their portal by linking up their equipment to the TARDIS. But the Cybermen realize that the Doctor's methods do not work, and the force-field does not lead to the Void. Instead, it leads to Prehistoric Earth. A "Tyrannosaurus rex" appears and kills two Cybermen. Martha damages the force-field generator, and the Doctor uses an electrical cord from it to fry the Cyberleader. The portal then closes. With the Army entering too late, the Doctor and Martha say good-bye, then leave in the TARDIS to go somewhere 'peaceful'.
Publication.
This is the first New Series Adventure to be written by Terrance Dicks, who has written books for all previous lines of "Doctor Who" fiction with the exception of the Telos Doctor Who novellas. Dicks served as script editor for the original "Doctor Who" series in the early 1970s and contributed many teleplays, and was prolific in novelizing serials for Target Books, serving also as editor for the line. Dicks' involvement in "Made of Steel" marks the first time that a writer connected with the original 1963-89 series has been directly involved in a story related to the 2005–present series. The page count of "Made of Steel" — 112 pages — is actually greater than that of some of Dicks' Target novelizations.

</doc>
<doc id="9835893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835893" title="Meagher">
Meagher

Meagher can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9835924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835924" title="Moro Lorenzo Sports Center">
Moro Lorenzo Sports Center

The Moro Lorenzo Sports Center is a sports facility located in the Ateneo de Manila University campus in Quezon City, Philippines
About the MLSC.
The Moro Lorenzo Sports Center or MLSC is under the management of the Blue Eagle Management, Inc. (BEMI). It is named after Luis Francisco "Moro" Lorenzo, who was one of the school’s successful basketball players.
Designed purely for training purposes, it houses an indoor basketball court, an indoor track oval and training gyms, all using Regupol flooring - which is the low-impact rubberized surface athletes prefer. In addition to this, the MLSC has a sports medicine clinic.
The MLSC has a lot of spaces, which actually follow cross-training disciplines. There are areas for aerobic activity, spaces to stretch, tone and strengthen in, a health bar to grab energy food from, and coves in which to relax and cool down. On the ground floor one can easily locate the Prayer Room of the saints, the Sports Medicine Unit, the Health & Fitness Center, and the Michael L. Escaler Sports Hall of Fame, all along one single-loaded corridor. For refreshments, the MLSC has the newly established Cafe Azul, frequented by athletes and students alike.
Up one level is a basketball court that is used by the school's varsity teams, as well as PBA teams, and the badminton courts. Half a floor up, are the locker rooms, audio-visual room and the Marco Lorenzo Weights Room, with Hammer Strength equipment. A full floor above the courts is the two-lane, 200-meter track oval, which provides a view around the entire court area. Finally, on a mezzanine above it is the martial arts area.

</doc>
<doc id="9835948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835948" title="Strike (band)">
Strike (band)

Strike were a British dance band formed in 1994 consisting of Matt Cantor, Andy Gardner and the vocalist Victoria Newton.
Career.
Strike formed towards the end of 1994. A chance vocal session for Victoria Newton at the studios of Fresh Records in Ladbroke Grove, landed her the role as the lead singer.
Strike's first non-charting single was "Formula One". They did not break through until "U Sure Do" was released in December 1994 originally charting at number 31 in the UK Singles Chart, only to re-enter the chart and climb to number 4 in April 1995. due to the track becoming a major club hit. They then began to tour extensively, appearing on television programs such as "Top of the Pops" and "MTV" and playing to audiences as large as 70,000. "U Sure Do" achieved chart success in many territories and this took the band to Spain, Italy, Denmark, Norway, Holland, Germany and Japan.
Strike went on to produce another four UK Top 40 hits and an album "I Saw the Future" released in 1997 on Fresh Records. They toured with and supported many international artists including the Backstreet Boys, Jocelyn Brown and the Spice Girls.
A Sol Bros remix, in 1998, of Strike's track "I Saw The Future" appeared on a compilation album; a clip of which appeared online too.
Victoria Newton.
Newton was offered a solo recording contract with Strike's label, Fresh. In September 1999, she made her debut release with "Martha's Harbour", a cover of the All About Eve hit, including mixes by Mike Koglin and Blu. Although it failed to reach the UK Singles Chart, it was a #8 UK club hit and a favourite of DJ, Paul Van Dyk.
A solo album was recorded and planned for release for late 1999, entitled "Live for Today" but was cancelled. In the 2000s, Newton turned her attention to jazz and Latin music, and in 2003 released a solo album of jazz and Brazilian music entitled "The Song is You".
In 2006, remixes of "U Sure Do" were released.

</doc>
<doc id="9835952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9835952" title="Ben Boeke Ice Rink">
Ben Boeke Ice Rink

The Ben Boeke Ice Rink (often shortened to "The Boeke" or "BB1/BB2") is an ice hockey arena containing two ice surfaces, each 200' x 85', located in Anchorage, Alaska. Rink 1 has a seating capacity of 1,000 whereas Rink 2 is much smaller and only seats a maximum of 100 people. Upper sections of the Rink 1 bleachers are accommodated with hanging heating lights. The arena opened in 1974. It is named after former Anchorage city clerk Benjamin W. Boeke, who served from 1947 to 1967, under 11 mayors and 8 city managers. The arena is owned by the Municipality of Anchorage and operated by SMG, a nationwide property management company. It is also located approximately next-door to the Sullivan Arena. The arena is occasionally used as an overflow venue for the Sullivan's larger events, such as the Great Alaska Sportsman Show. It shares parking with Mulcahy Stadium and Anchorage Football Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9836012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836012" title="Faroese independence referendum, 1946">
Faroese independence referendum, 1946

An independence referendum was held in the Faroe Islands on 14 September 1946. The result was 50.74% in favor to 49.26% against. The Faroe Islands subsequently declared independence on 18 September 1946; however, this declaration was annulled by Denmark on 20 September and King Christian X of Denmark dissolved the Faroese Løgting on 24 September. The dissolution of the Løgting was on 8 November followed by the Faroese parliamentary election of 1946 in which the parties in favour of full independence received a total of 5,396 votes while the parties against received a total of 7,488 votes. As a reaction to the growing self-government and independence movements, Denmark finally granted the Faroe Islands home-rule on 30 March 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="9836028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836028" title="Khan Sultan Muhammad Khan Jadoon">
Khan Sultan Muhammad Khan Jadoon

Khan Sultan Muhammad Khan Jadoon (1890–1966) was a Pashtun chief of the Jadoon tribe. He was the son of Abdullah Khan of Bagra.

</doc>
<doc id="9836084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836084" title="Société Togolaise de Gaz">
Société Togolaise de Gaz

Société Togolaise de Gaz (SoToGaz) is a natural gas company of Togo.

</doc>
<doc id="9836106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836106" title="Patricia Bergquist">
Patricia Bergquist

Dame Patricia Rose Bergquist (née Smyth, 10 March 1933 – 9 September 2009) was a New Zealand scientist who specialized in anatomy and taxonomy. She was Professor Emerita of Zoology and Honorary Professor of Anatomy at the University of Auckland.
Biography.
First attending Devonport Primary School, Bergquist went on to be Dux of Takapuna Grammar School before attending the University of Auckland in 1950. Here she completed her MSc with First Class Honours on the biology of a fern species and a second MSc equivalent in Zoology before going on to obtain her PhD on the taxonomy of the Porifera in 1961. 
Following her doctorate she studied overseas, initially at Yale University where she broadened her systematic expertise, becoming an educator and researcher at the University of Auckland on matters related to anatomy, taxonomy and zoology, with particular interest in the marine sponge. She felt a stable framework of higher level classification which would permit recognition of generic relationships and facilitate descriptions of new species was missing. 
Honours.
Bergquist was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1994 New Year Honours for services to science. She was a Fellow of the Royal Society of New Zealand (FRSNZ).
Personal life.
Born to William Smyth, an electrician, and Bertha Smith, a homemaker, she had two siblings: Norman and Catherine. In 1958, she married Peter Bergquist; the couple had a daughter, Claire.
Writings.
She co-authored (with Mary E. Sinclair) "The Morphology and Behaviour of Larvae of Some Intertidal Sponges" for the "New Zealand Journal of Marine and Freshwater Research", which was published on 20 October 1967.
Death.
Bergquist died of breast cancer on 9 September 2009, aged 76.

</doc>
<doc id="9836112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836112" title="Christabel (1988 TV drama)">
Christabel (1988 TV drama)

Christabel is a five-part British drama series first shown on BBC1 between 16 November and 17 December 1988. Each episode runs around 65 minutes. It stars Elizabeth Hurley in the title role (in one of her first leading performances).
It is about Christabel Bielenberg, an English woman married to a German lawyer during World War II. The screenplay was written by Dennis Potter, and was based on the memoirs of Christabel Bielenberg. The series was directed by Adrian Shergold.

</doc>
<doc id="9836145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836145" title="Gayatri Devi Vasudev">
Gayatri Devi Vasudev

Gayatri Devi Vasudev is the daughter of famous astrologer Dr. Bangalore Venkata Raman, who edited The Astrological Magazine since 1936. She became Editor of the Astrological Magazine after the death of her father in 1998, and remained as Editor until Jan 2008, when the magazine closed operations temporarily.
Vasudev has been involved in writing and research work on traditional Indian astrology (Jyotisha) and has produced a number of works dealing with different aspects of astrology and the influence of planets on worldly affairs.
Gayatri Devi has time and again opposed and argued against attempts by scientists to discredit astrology and has expressed her views on the issue in several of her works. She believes that astrology deserves an unbiased scientific scrutiny and no attempts should be made at disparaging the subject without studying the same.
Gayatri Devi is currently the editor of Modern Astrology Magazine (India), which was launched by her September 2009. Gayatri Devi is also one of the National Vice Presidents of Indian Council Of Astrological Sciences as well as Ruling Committee member of the "Graha-anukul-ratna-visheshajna-parishad"
Publishing career.
She held the position of Assistant Editor of The Astrological Magazine for years before assuming the position of Editor after the demise of her illustrious father, and has continued promoting the study and practice of Indian astrology with her active involvement in the field. The magazine went out of publication from January 2008 to February 2009 and was relaunched as The New Astrological Magazine in March 2009. Subsequently, the name of the publication has been changed to "Modern Astrology", beginning Vol. 1, No 1 on September 2009.
Predictive Ability.
She predicted the assassination of Indira Gandhi and the end of "Rajiv's Era" months before both of the events. She also has anticipated several earthquakes and the tsunami of December 2004. She predicted the death of Jordan's King Hussain and the execution of Saddam Hussein. She is also said to have predicted the 9/11 disaster which was published in the January 2001 issue of the Astrological Magazine. The actual prediction goes like this, "Mars will be in opposition to Rahu on 14-09-2001 and warns against a nuclear disaster or gas tragedy.".
Appearing in the same issue, another specific prediction regarding terror threat to the US in 2001 goes like this, "At least on two occasions, diabolic fundamentalist violence may be attempted but the military and police forces will be quick to spring into action and arrest damage from them."
A fair number of her predictions did not come to pass. Apparently, she predicted the-then Prime Minister Mr. P.V. Narsimha Rao relinquishing his position on health grounds in 1991-92 followed by the President of India inviting over parties to form a coalition government to avoid elections. Again, it was predicted in May 1992 that Congress (I) may fail in garnering absolute majority in the-then foreseen 1993 mid-term elections. She also predicted a global conflict in 2000 AD as outlined in her book “Planets and The Next World War".

</doc>
<doc id="9836154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836154" title="WICR">
WICR

WICR (88.7), Indianapolis, Indiana, is an 8,000 watt, Class B public radio station at the University of Indianapolis that broadcasts to listeners in the Indianapolis metropolitan area. 
WICR began broadcasting in 1962 with ten watts of power. Today, the station offers a wide variety of public radio programming that reaches across central Indiana. In 2004, the station began broadcasting in HD Radio. It also streams its programming from the station website. WICR is a student run radio station overseen by the student management members and full-time faculty members. Students enrolled in the Applied Radio course at the university are responsible for weekly shifts, producing shows, sports broadcasting, and updating the web site.
The station is licensed to the University of Indianapolis Board of Trustees.
Signal coverage.
The station's main signal extends from northern Monroe County, to parts of Columbus, Muncie and West Lafayette, and in some parts of Marion, Indiana.
Programming.
WICR is primarily run by University of Indianapolis students, who provide jazz and arts programming. Classical Music Indy, a separate non-profit, is under contract to provide classical music programming. The station also features a variety of locally produced music, arts, and community programs, as well as nationally syndicated programs. WICR broadcasts all University of Indianapolis football and basketball games either on 88.7 fm or on wicronline.org
Events.
WICR is involved in a number of events throughout the year. During the fall and spring WICR conducts a listener fund drive to raise money for events. In the spring WICR also hosts a jazz festival on the campus of the University of Indianapolis. During the fall, WICR has a large presence at Indy Jazz Fest, an annual festival held in Indianapolis. WICR also participates in various other jazz festivals and concerts held around the city during the summer.

</doc>
<doc id="9836163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836163" title="Brabant Revolution">
Brabant Revolution

The Brabant Revolution (January 1789 – December 1790) was a populist revolt which broke out in the Austrian Netherlands against the radical reforms of Emperor Joseph II. Starting out as a movement of protest, the violence developed into a movement for independence. After defeating Austrian forces at the Battle of Turnhout in 1789, a short-lived republic was formed, the United States of Belgium.
The Holy Roman Empire (of which Austria was part) took some time to respond to the crisis as it was embroiled in a war with the Ottoman Empire in the Balkans. However, by the end of 1790, the revolutionaries, wracked by internal division between the "Vonckists" and "Statists", were defeated and the rebellion crushed.
Background.
Under Austrian rule, the territory was divided into various smaller separate territories, each with its own distinct regional identity: 
Reforms of Joseph II.
In 1786 the Emperor Joseph II began launching a series of liberal reforms in the Austrian Netherlands along the lines of those already introduced in other states of the House of Habsburg, such as the Duchy of Milan. His first reforms included a reform of seminaries in the provinces, followed by the abolition of the Council of Brabant (replaced by a supreme court), which provoked widespread rioting and even a rising in Brussels known as the "Small Revolution" in May 1787. 
The suppression of this revolt allowed the Emperor to abolish the Joyous Entry and the rights of the Duchy of Brabant and the County of Hainault in June 1789.
Opposition in Exile.
By 1789, the imperial government lacked the necessary means to repress political opposition, as for about a year its full military resources were committed to the Austro-Turkish War.
The Emperor was unable to prevent political dissidents fleeing from his territory to the neighboring United Provinces to organize resistance. In the city of Breda, the rebels were able to form a kind of government in exile and to organize militarily. In addition to the United Provinces, the rebels were also supported by the Republic of Liège after the revolutionaries in Liège overthrew their Prince-bishop and declared a republic in August 1789.
Battle of Turnhout.
Rebel incursions along the Austrian Netherlands' border with the United Provinces began in the Summer of 1789. On 24 October, a column of Rebel soldiers crossed the border into Austrian territory. After capturing the town of Hoogstraten on 24 October, one of the revolt's leaders, Henri Van der Noot, read a declaration of independence for Brabant known as the Manifesto of the People of Brabant and declared the Austrian government invalid.
The rebel army, led by Jean-André van der Mersch, moved further into the Austrian Netherlands and fought a battle with a numerically superior force at Turnhout on 27 October. Van der Mersch lured the Austrian force sent against him into the town and bitter street fighting ensued. After five hours of fighting, the Austrian force withdrew from the combat. 
The commanding general of the imperial army in the Austrian Netherlands, Richard d'Alton, was quick to react, giving orders to his subordinate, Lieutenant-Field Marshal von Arberg, retaliate in force in order to revenge the defeat and annihilate the military threat. Van der Mersch retreated across the border but not before the night of 10 November.
Revolution.
Following the Austrian defeat at Turnhout, riots began in major cities in the Austrian Netherlands. Unable to maintain control in the face of both the Patriot army and the rebels, Austrian forces retreated from the territory to the Duchy of Luxembourg in the south.
On 26 December 1789, the state of Brabant declared its independence from the Holy Roman Empire in Brussels. 

</doc>
<doc id="9836166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836166" title="Megan Blake">
Megan Blake

Megan Blake is a pet lifestyle expert and an actress based in Malibu, CA. She was also Miss Georgia in 1983.
Career.
Blake is a pet expert on, hosts, segment produces and writes for Animal Attractions Television, the #1 Pet Series on PBS and winner of two Tellys and an Honorable Mention at the Genesis Awards presented by the Humane Society of the United States. The show's mission is to help people have the best possible relationship with their pets; and here Blake's canine specialty is the training and integrating dogs into families, especially those with children where she teaches the kids to be pack leaders. In working with and rescuing wolves, Blake has learned pack structure and to "speak dog" directly from the pack source. Having traveled over 100,000 miles with her cat, she is also a trusted pet travel expert in the media.
She is a pet columnist for "Dog's Life" magazine (also honored by the HSUS and featured on "The Bonnie Hunt Show"), has been on the covers of, written cover stories for, or been the subject of feature articles in magazines including "Cat Fancy", "Paw Prints", "American Lifestyle", "Statement", "LAX", "San Diego Pets", and "Atlanta Magazine". She is a requested essayist for the Humane Society of the United States, has her own pet book imprint, and makes television and live appearances to share pet info and host pet events, but, she doesn't "just play an animal lover on TV." Megan has rescued and worked with animals all her life and now has six living with her: two cats, two dogs, and two horses. She literally found all of them on the street except for the horses whom she rescued from imminent slaughter after one had been made dangerous from abuse. Her cat, Tout Suite The Travel Kitty, guest-stars on Animal Attractions TV, and has traveled over 100,000 miles with her, and has completed a book series chronicling his adventures.
In addition to being a contributing writer/producer for Animal Attractions TV, Blake is an animal spokesperson, serving as a media pet expert, hosting live pet events, like emceeing the Awards Ceremony of the Luxury Pet Pavilion trade show, the Fifi Fashion Shows for the Southern Women's Shows, Paws and Pals, and auctions for pet rescues as well as serving as a celebrity judge for grooming and mutt contests from which many shelter dogs are adopted. Blake uses all Red Carpet opportunities to speak for pets, she is starting a second pet column for "LAX" magazine after receiving great response to her feature article, and she gives daily pet tips on The Vegas Entertainment Network. An award-winning published poet, she donates her poetry and artwork to raise money for animal shelters and is a member of the Humane Society of the United States and the ASPCA Guardians.
Blake is a spokesperson for the Big Oaks Wolf Sanctuary, and in working with and learning "wolf" she translates these lessons into better communicating with dogs. She has worked on set with wolves and mountain lions, participated in endurance races her Arabian horse, Starfire. She has even served as a film set animal wrangler and trained her dog, Spirit, to act in two films, one in which the pooch played opposite Golden Globe nominee David Carradine and the other in which she, with only three legs, graced the stage with dancers from the New York City Ballet.
As an actress, Blake has played in 25-plus feature films alongside some of the biggest names in the business including Academy Award winner Elizabeth Taylor in "Sweet Bird of Youth", Golden Globe nominee Christina Ricci and Emmy winner Lisa Kudrow in "The Opposite of Sex", Academy Award nominee John C. Reilly and Will Ferrell in "Talladega Nights", and Golden Globe nominee David Carradine in "The Puzzle In The Air", and she has appeared on more than 20 award winning television series. Her most recent projects include a sci-fi thriller entitled "Eyeborgs", where Blake saves the world opposite "Highlander" star Adrian Paul and an animated film, "The Magistical", which won at the Hollywood Film Festival and in which she voices the central character, a little boy.
Blake sits on the Board of Directors of the Greensboro Ballet in North Carolina, is a Magna Cum Laude graduate of Georgia Tech, was speech writer for the Governor of Georgia, is a guest speaker at universities including the University of Richmond Law School in Richmond, VA and the University of North Carolina, and is a former Miss Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="9836187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836187" title="Community College of Rhode Island">
Community College of Rhode Island

The Community College of Rhode Island, commonly abbreviated as "CCRI", is the only community college in Rhode Island and the largest community college in New England. The college's primary facility is located in Warwick, with additional college buildings throughout the state.
History.
It was founded as Rhode Island Junior College, "RIJC", in 1964 with 325 students studying on the former Knight Estate. The Knight campus, built on the Knight Estate, opened in 1972 as the school's first permanent building and flagship campus. It was followed by three additional campus and 2 satellite locations.
The Margaret M. Jacoby Observatory, located on the Knight Campus grounds, was opened in 1978. The school was renamed the Community College of Rhode Island in June 1980.
Campuses.
The college's primary facility is located in Warwick, with additional college buildings throughout the state.
Organization and administration.
The college president is Ray M DiPasquale.
Academic profile.
The college offers the following degrees:
Several one-year certificates are also awarded.
Student life.
The school's student newspaper is "The Unfiltered Lens", which began publication in 2007. It replaced the "Knightly News", which had been active in the 1980s, but had become defunct several years prior to the "Lens"' founding.
Sport.
The college athletics teams are nicknamed the Knights.

</doc>
<doc id="9836188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836188" title="Animal Attractions Television">
Animal Attractions Television

Animal Attractions Television is a television program about the deep affection people have for their pets. The show is hosted by Alex Boylan, Megan Blake and Chrishaunda Lee. This series airs on PBS stations in the US, and is funded in part by Hill's Science Diet. There were three seasons of the series, starting in 2006 and ending in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9836207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836207" title="1997–98 French Division 1">
1997–98 French Division 1

The 1997–98 Ligue 1 season (then called Division 1) was the 60th since its establishment. RC Lens won the French Association Football League with 68 points.
Final table.
Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Division 1 season 1998/1999

</doc>
<doc id="9836215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836215" title="Puno (disambiguation)">
Puno (disambiguation)

Puno or PUNO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9836229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836229" title="Edinburgh City Mission">
Edinburgh City Mission

Edinburgh City Mission is a Christian charitable organisation whose remit covers Edinburgh, Scotland. It is dedicated to sharing the Gospel of Jesus Christ and providing practical help and support to those in need.
The headquarters is on The Mound, Edinburgh, close to its original location on the Royal Mile.
ECM is active in various forms of evangelism, including street evangelism, setting up special events, but is more well known for its work in the poorer, deprived areas of the city.
ECM helped found the Care Van in association with Bethany Christian Trust and has responsibility for some of the background work with this activity.
ECM runs several Basics Banks, which are resources for people who are struggling to afford basic necessities to get things such as food, clothing, and domestic goods.
ECM runs a Christian Heritage Centre and hosts Celtic Tours on the Royal Mile, both focused on historical events, many of which have significant influence both on reformed theology and modern atheistic thinking.
History.
Edinburgh City Mission was founded in 1832 by David Nasmith, six years after the founding of the first City Mission in the world, the Glasgow City Mission.

</doc>
<doc id="9836234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836234" title="Mike Ogletree">
Mike Ogletree

Mike Ogletree is a Scottish drummer. A founding member of the late-seventies Scottish progressive rock band Café Jacques, he is best known for his work in Fiction Factory and Simple Minds, a new wave band with heavy synth influences active during the 1980s. Mike Ogletree currently lives and works in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="9836249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836249" title="Société Beninoise de Gaz">
Société Beninoise de Gaz

Société Beninoise de Gaz (SoBeGaz) is a natural gas company of Benin.

</doc>
<doc id="9836298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836298" title="South Dakota State Jackrabbits men's basketball">
South Dakota State Jackrabbits men's basketball

The South Dakota State Jackrabbits Men's Basketball team is a basketball team that represents South Dakota State University in Brookings, South Dakota. The Jackrabbits are a NCAA Division I member and have played in The Summit League since 2007. The team has a 1331-949-1 overall record (as of the 2010/2011 season). 
Prior to moving to Division I in 2004/2005, the Jackrabbits had great success while in Division II. The team won 20 conference championships with the North Central Conference, advanced to the NCAA Division II Tournament 24 times, and won the national championship in 1963. Although initially struggling after the move to Division I, the team has increased their win total each season of their Division I career. The team had their first 20 win season at the Division I level in 2011/2012 and advanced to their first NCAA Division I Tournament in 2012 and returned in 2013.
The Jackrabbits play their home games at the 6,500 seat Frost Arena and are coached by Scott Nagy.
Postseason.
NCAA Division I Tournament results.
The Jackrabbits have appeared in two NCAA Division I Tournaments. Their combined record is 0–2. The highest seed they have ever received is a #13 in 2013.
NCAA Division II Tournament results.
The Jackrabits have appeared in the NCAA Division II Tournament 24 times (known as the college division until 1974 but considered the same tournament). Their combined record is 35–23. They were national champions in 1963.
CBI results.
The Jackrabbits have appeared in one College Basketball Invitational (CBI). Their record is 0–1.
Media Coverage.
All home and road games are covered on the Jackrabbit Sports Network. The broadcast range of the Jackrabbit Sports Network covers eight states (South Dakota, Minnesota, North Dakota, Iowa, Nebraska, Missouri, Kansas, and Wyoming), and consists of the following stations:
The team does not have an official television partner, but Jackrabbit games have been televised on Midco Sports Net, Fox College Sports, the Big Ten Network, ESPN2, ESPNU, and local television networks.

</doc>
<doc id="9836305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836305" title="Philibert Orry">
Philibert Orry

Philibert Orry, count of Vignory and lord of La Chapelle-Godefroy (born in Troyes on 22 January 1689 – died at La Chapelle-Godefroy on 9 November 1747), was a French statesman.
Life.
The fifth child of Jean Orry, a leading economist, Philibert Orry served as a cavalry captain during the War of Spanish Succession, before becoming a member of the Parlement of Paris, then master of requests in 1715. He was an intendant in Lille (1715-1718), Soissons (1722-1727), and Roussillon (1727-1728).
Orry was named Controller-General of Finances in 1730 and combined this function with being director general of the "Bâtiments du Roi" ("the king's buildings") in 1736, after the death of the duc d'Antin. Orry remained Controller-General until 1745, making him the longest continuously-serving holder of the office in the eighteenth-century. 
An able economist, Orry had to restore the "dixième" ("tenth") tax and declared the venality of municipal officials, successfully balancing the budget in 1739-40. Applying the principles of Colbert, he sought to develop the domestic manufacture of textiles and paper, and was involved in the production of porcelain in Vincennes in 1740. He supported trade with Canada and the Indies by reforming the statutes of the "Compagnie des Indes". 
As director general of buildings, he established the bi-annual public Paris Salon, and became the "vice-protecteur" of the "Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture" ("Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture") in April 1737. His directorship has, generally, been harshly judged. The marquis d'Argenson spoke with contempt of "the bad, bourgeois taste of Monsieur Orry". However, Orry's selection of Charles-Joseph Natoire in 1730 to decorate his château de La Chapelle-Godefroy (see below) reveals, on the contrary, a certain discernement in artistic matters: Natoire was one of the most promising young history painters, and his two main rivals - François Boucher and Carle Van Loo - were both abroad.
As director general of "Ponts et Chaussées" (bridges and highways), Orry finished the Crozat canal and maintained and developed France's road system. He sent to the intendants, in 1738, a detailed instruction on the duty ("la corvée royale") for all inhabitants to spend a fortnight a year on the construction and maintenance of transport routes, classed in five categories. The "corvée" made France's major road network the finest in Europe, and before the Revolution, a great part of the public roads existed thanks to this institution. This policy of improved communications also led to the completion of the Cassini map in 1744.
Facing opposition from Madame de Pompadour, Orry resigned in 1745.
He was the Treasurer of the Order of the Holy Spirit from February 1743 to his death in 1747.
Residences.
Orry owned the château de La Chapelle-Godefroy in Saint-Aubin near Nogent-sur-Seine, inherited from his father in 1719. "M. Orry", wrote the duc de Luynes in his "Mémoires", "has always appeared to have no ambition, always regretting not being able to live on his estate, near Nogent, and always ready to go there with pleasure." He transformed and expanded considerably the seigneurial estate. He owned two paintings by Jean-Antoine Watteau, the "Enchanteur" and the '"Aventurière", which today are in the musée des Beaux-Arts in Troyes.
Orry also possessed an estate, Petit Bercy, in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="9836315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836315" title="Lahti railway station">
Lahti railway station

The Lahti railway station (, ) is located in the city of Lahti in Finland.
The station was designed by architect Thure Hellström from the VR Group and built in 1935. Because of the depression in the 1930s, the station did not get a third floor, neither did it get a tower, as the Tampere railway station did. The plan of the station is rectangular and it has two floors. It is built of dark brown brick.
In 2006, the station was renovated. The ticket office was moved from the east side of the corridor to the west side, and the storage lockers and R-Kioski were removed from there, so that the ticket office is on the right-hand side when entering the station. The station restaurant is still in its original place on the east side of the station. The station platforms and the underpass tunnel of the west side of Vesijärvenkatu were also renovated. The renovation intended to make the station more efficient, when the more direct track from Helsinki to Lahti was opened on 1 September 2006.
Stationmaster's quarters.
Near the Lahti railway station is the stationmaster's quarters, which is considered to be a culturally significant building in the Päijät-Häme region around Lahti.

</doc>
<doc id="9836355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836355" title="Pinacoteca Comunale di Cesena">
Pinacoteca Comunale di Cesena

The collections of the Pinacoteca Comunale di Cesena, in Cesena, Italy, contain works by:

</doc>
<doc id="9836363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836363" title="Thakot">
Thakot

Thakot is a tribal town on the Indus River in Battagram District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is also one of twenty Union Councils of Battagram District, and one of twelve in Battagram Tehsil. It is located at 34°45'0N 72°55'0E at an altitude of 1131 m (3713 ft),
Demography.
Most of the people living here belong to the Swati tribe. The people of the Thakot speak Pashto, Urdu and educated elite also speak English. The population of Pakistan became predominantly Muslim due to missionary Sufi saints whose dargahs dot the landscape of country.
Hydro.
The Water and Power Development Authority (WAPDA) is building 2,800 MW Hydel Power Project Thakot at an estimated cost of $5 billion. The Pakistan government has proposed Russian cooperation in the project.

</doc>
<doc id="9836378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836378" title="Lest We Forget Thee Earth">
Lest We Forget Thee Earth

Lest We Forget Thee Earth is a collection of 3 short stories written by Robert Silverberg under the pen-name Calvin M. Knox and released in 1958. They are, in order; "Chalice of Death", "Earth Shall Live Again!" and "Vengeance of the Space Armada". The story revolves around Hallam Navarre, a young Earthman serving as an advisor to the Galactic Overlord, Joroiran II. Running late to audience day, he discovers his position has been temporarily taken over by his rival Kausirn, and that Joroiran is none too happy about his tardiness. Hastily creating the excuse that he was searching for the mythical 'Chalice of Death', he thinks he is out of trouble, only to discover that now Joroiran expects him to set off with fellow Earthman Domrik Carso in a quest to find it. The Earthmen change their quest and decide to search for the even more mythical Earth instead. Eventually they meet another Earthwoman, Helna Winstin and together they set off to discover the truth about their ancestral home planet, and the legendary 'Chalice of Death'..

</doc>
<doc id="9836390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836390" title="Glasgow City Mission">
Glasgow City Mission

Glasgow City Mission is a Christian charitable organisation whose remit covers Glasgow, Scotland. It is dedicated to sharing the Gospel of Jesus Christ and providing practical help and support to homeless and disadvantaged people.
Events.
Glasgow City Mission runs a number of events and clubs throughout the week ranging from photography and IT classes to advice on housing and monetary issues.
For a full list of the activities available visit - "Activities at the mission"
Evening Drop in.
Glasgow City Mission runs a free evening drop in every weekday from 8-10pm for the homeless of Glasgow to come in for soup and a sandwich along with some good company. Mission staff and volunteers spend time talking to any visitors, offering help and prayer for those who need it.
Child and Family Centre.
Glasgow City Mission's Child and Family Centre has been working with children and families in Govan, Glasgow since 1986 and has become an integrated part of the community there. The Centre provides a Pre-School Nursery for an average of 40 children, a Parent and Toddler Group for over 25 toddlers and their parents, a toddler playgroup, and family support classes and advice for parents. The centre is run by dedicated play and nursery workers but relies on help from volunteers.
Food Bank.
Glasgow City Mission runs the largest food bank in the Glasgow area, providing much needed support for those disadvantaged people who are most in need of help. The food bank is open to all on a Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 10-12 noon, no appointment or recommendation is required. The food bank is maintained purely though voluntary donations from organisations and individuals.
History.
Glasgow City Mission was founded in 1826 by David Nasmith and was the first official City Mission in the world.
Contact Information.
Glasgow City Mission, 20 Crimea Street, Glasgow | G2 8PW. 
Telephone: 0141 221 2630
Email: info(at)glasgowcitymission.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/glasgowcitymission
Twitter: https://twitter.com/GCMcare

</doc>
<doc id="9836402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836402" title="Bridgeport Orators">
Bridgeport Orators

The Bridgeport Orators were a minor league baseball team in the now defunct Connecticut League from 1902 to 1914. They were nicknamed the Orators to coincide with the nickname of the team's owner and manager, Baseball hall of famer Jim "The Orator" O'Rourke. In 1904, the team won a league record 71 games and went on to win the championship. Their home games were played at Newfield Park which was located on Newfield Ave.
In 2007 the Orators were recreated as a vintage baseball club, playing their home games at Seaside Park in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Vintage Base Ball Club.
The recreated Bridgeport Orators are a not-for-profit organization formed to preserve and compete in the national pastime as it was played during its formative years in the "Park City". The recreated Orators work with the city of Bridgeport and surrounding communities to educate the public regarding the character, history and growth of the game with attention to the historical context in which it was played.
The Bridgeport VBBC competes against other teams throughout the Northeast in various tournaments, exhibitions and scrimmages, following the rules and customs of the game as it was played in the nineteenth century. Special care and attention has been and will continue to be put forth toward authenticity and good sportsmanship.

</doc>
<doc id="9836414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836414" title="List of primary and secondary schools in San Diego">
List of primary and secondary schools in San Diego

This is a list of primary and secondary schools in San Diego, California, organized by school district.
The San Diego Unified School District, also known as San Diego City Schools, is the school district that serves the majority of the city, it includes 113 elementary schools, 23 middle schools, 4 atypical schools, 10 alternative schools, 27 high schools and 25 charter schools. In the northern part of the city, Poway Unified School District and San Dieguito Union High School District are districts outside city limits, but serve several schools within city limits. In the southern part of the city, Sweetwater Union High School District serves multiple schools within city limits, although it is headquartered outside city limits.

</doc>
<doc id="9836429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836429" title="Zillah Bell Contemporary Art">
Zillah Bell Contemporary Art

The Zillah Bell Art Gallery is an independent contemporary art gallery housed in a Grade II Listed Building in Thirsk, North Yorkshire, England. Since opening in 1988 it has more than doubled its wall space and is a venue for a variety of contemporary artists. The gallery exhibits a wide variety of local and national artists including among others, Norman Ackroyd, Deirdre Borlase, Colin Britton, Mike Clay, Robin Hazlewood, Jason Hicklin, Roger Kohn, Janet Moodie and Jonathan Trowell.
Exhibitions.
Exhibitions at the Zillah Bell Gallery change monthly with annual Summer and Christmas exhibitions, the latter serving partly as a retrospective of the year and including the work of both established and up and coming Artists.
In 1996 and 2000, the surrealist artist, writer and extraordinary 'box-maker' Anthony Earnshaw, a close friend of the owner, exhibited there with Another G&T in 1996 and Flowers 2 in 2000. Earnshaw, who died in 2001 was heavily influenced by the artist Paul Klee.
Dating back to the 18th Century, the building retains original features such as the range. Prior to becoming a gallery, the building was an electrical shop. 
In 2005 the owner of the Zillah Bell Gallery, John Bell, invited several artists to participate in an exhibition of work on "Paddy's Hole". Paddy's Hole is a small, man made harbour on the South Gare breakwater peninsula at the mouth of the River Tees on Teesside. A fishing boat repair works, nuclear power station, steelworks, lighthouse and golf course combine to create a most unusual and otherworldly little place. The exhibition was a multi-media event. Among other artistsRoger Kohn produced several landscape drawings inspired by the location. One of the more unusual exhibits at this event was a cabinet of tea cakes created out of material salvaged in the harbour by the artist, David Winfield.
In March 2007 refurbishments were completed to repair and modernise the gallery.
The gallery is named after owner John Bell’s youngest daughter Zillah who, along with her sisters Daisy & Lettice Bell, were responsible for organising the Art of Care auction of postcards held in Edinburgh, 2005. Artists who exhibited at the Art of Care Auction included Sir Paul McCartney, David Hockney, Tracey Emin and Damien Hirst.

</doc>
<doc id="9836467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836467" title="Cornea (album)">
Cornea (album)

Cornea is Sywnthkrawft's first studio album, released in 2006. The album consists of rerecorded and rearranged songs from early recording sessions in 2005. The album have been described as "space romance" and "ambient movie score music". Followed by the release of the album they had a concert at Caoz in Borlänge, later released on the bootleg Caoz at Chaos.
Outtakes.
Many of the songs on the album were inspired by some early recordings made in 2005 by the band. Some of the songs were not rearranged and not rerecorded for this album, these were:
Also, alternate live versions from their concert at Caoz in Borlänge exists. They were released on the bootleg Caoz at Chaos. Most notably among these live recordings were.

</doc>
<doc id="9836471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836471" title="Mahabhairav Temple">
Mahabhairav Temple

The ancient Mahabhairav Temple is located at a hillock on the northern part of Tezpur town, Assam. This temple is believed to have been established by king Bana in the pre-historical times. This Shiva temple was originally built of stone but the present one was renovated and built with concrete. During the Ahom rule, the kings especially of the Tungkhungiya dynasty donated large area of Devottar land to the Temple and pujaris and Paiks were appointed to look after the temple. The responsibility of management was in the hands of a Borthakur. The temple is now managed by the Government through a managing committee headed by the District Deputy Commissioner. Shivaratri is celebrated in the temple with big festivity and people from all over the country visit it. The Shivratri mela (Carnival ) during the Shivratri week is very famous all over Assam. Bhang (an Indian drug) laddoos, sold as prasad (offerings of the Lord ) are in very much demand. The mela is smaller than that in Sivsagar, but is nevertheless famous.This temple also conducts marriage ceremonies. People usually free pigeons in this temple as an offering, it is a wonderful sight to see hundreds of pigeons in this place.
Myth.
The temple was built for worshiping Lord Shiva by King Banasura. The Shiva linga of this temple is said to be made of 'Living Stone' which grows over slowly by the years.Some people believe that Bana obtained his boon while worshipping in this temple.
History.
The archeologists believe that the temple was built during 8th to 10th century A.D. by the kings of the Salasthamba dynasty. That originally there was a stone temple is evident from the huge pillars scattered all around the temple. But the original temple was destroyed by the ravages of time. It was however, rebuilt by successive kings and rulers, until it was heavily damaged by the catastrophic earthquake of 1897.
The present structure of the temple was built sometime in the early part of the present century by a devotee and monk Sri Swayambar Bharati, popularly known as Naga Baba. After a few years, another monk Sri Mahadeo Bharati built the “Nat Mandir” close to the temple. After a few years another devotee built the cement-concrete idols of Ganesh and Hanuman as “Dwarpaals” in front of the temple. Since then the developmental works of the temple had been somewhat sluggish although not completely stopped, one major work being the exquisitely curved ornamental frontispiece of the main entrance gate of the temple by a local artist, Sri Joy Das.

</doc>
<doc id="9836528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836528" title="Jamil Moledina">
Jamil Moledina

Jamil Moledina works in the videogame industry doing business development. He was born in Mombasa, Kenya, raised in London and Los Angeles, and now lives in San Francisco. He now works as the CEO of Wormhole Games, previously having worked in business development for Funzio. Before he worked for Electronic Arts. He also serves on the Board of Directors of the International Game Developers Association, the professional association of the game industry.
Previously, Moledina worked for United Business Media in the CMP Game Group, where his role was executive director of the Game Developers Conference (GDC), the world's largest game industry-only event. Prior to that, Jamil served as editor-in-chief of the leading game industry magazine, Game Developer, and has worked as a market analysis consultant and corporate lawyer.
Moledina is also a writer, and his first science fiction novel, titled "Tearing the Sky", is being published in winter 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9836566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836566" title="Stephen Williams (Radio Luxembourg)">
Stephen Williams (Radio Luxembourg)

Stephen Williams (31 March 1908 - 23 November 1994) was a British radio announcer, presenter and producer, and a pioneer of commercial radio for the UK. 
Born in London and educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, as a young boy he was already, in his words, a "wireless fanatic": he said, "I was able to listen proudly to the debut of the BBC on 14 November 1922, and from the moment I heard the announcer say "This is 2LO calling, 2LO, the London station of the British Broadcasting Company", I was seized with an ambition to have a job like his."
During his university vacation in 1928 he got a job as announcer on a "broadcasting yacht" sponsored by the Daily Mail newspaper group. This vessel went round the coast of Britain, transmitting music on records and advertisements for the Daily Mail, from just outside territorial waters, an early precursor of the 1960s "pirate radio" ships.
The broadcasting yacht had been the idea of the paper's Circulation and Publicity Director, Valentine Smith, who soon transferred to the Sunday Referee, where he gave Williams a job with the idea of involving the paper in commercial broadcasting. They were soon in contact with Captain Leonard F. Plugge, who was starting the International Broadcasting Company (IBC).
At the beginning of 1932, Williams was sent to France to join Max Staniforth at the IBC's new Radio Normandy service, broadcasting to the south of England.
Recordings of two commercials read by Stephen Williams on Radio Normandy in 1932 are said to survive.
Stephen Williams moved on to a rival company to IBC, Radio Publicity, which started broadcasting to the UK from Radio Paris, then a much more powerful station than Radio Normandy, which rapidly gained a large British audience. But French listeners complained that their most popular station was now too dominated by English programmes, so Radio Publicity turned to the newly created Radio Luxembourg, where it was able to gain the sole concession for English programmes.
In December 1933 Williams thus became the first English radio presenter in Luxembourg as well as serving as manager of the station.
Shortly before his death in 1994, Williams gave an interview to Roger Bickerton about his work at Radio Luxembourg which was published in "The Historic Record and AV Collector", Issues 39,40 and 41, April, June & October 1996.
Radio Luxembourg closed down on the outbreak of World War II in September 1939. Stephen Williams resumed his duties there when the station restarted in 1946. He left Luxembourg in 1948, and worked until 1975 as a freelance broadcaster.
When, on 1 January 1992, Radio Luxembourg's English service closed down as a terrestrial radio station, the last words heard, "Good luck, good listening ... and goodbye" were spoken by 83-year-old Stephen Williams, who had been the first person ever to say on the air "This is Radio Luxembourg" over 58 years earlier.
Williams was awarded the Order of Merit by the Grand Duke of Luxembourg in 1992.
He collected a large archive of material related to Radio Luxembourg, much of which his widow has donated to the Centre for Luxembourg Studies at Sheffield University.

</doc>
<doc id="9836594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836594" title="Société Nationale de Commercialisation des Produits Pétroliers">
Société Nationale de Commercialisation des Produits Pétroliers

Société Nationale de Commercialisation des Produits Pétroliers (SONACOP) is a supplier of petroleum and gas products in Benin. The company was established in 4 December 1974 as a state owned enterprise after nationalization and merger of Beninese daughter companies of BP, Total S.A., Agip, Texaco, Shell, Mobil and DEPP. Since 1 July 1994 SONACOP is a joint stock company.

</doc>
<doc id="9836642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836642" title="2007 Southern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament">
2007 Southern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2007 Southern Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place between Wednesday, February 28 and Saturday, March 3 at the North Charleston Coliseum in North Charleston, South Carolina. The Davidson Wildcats won the championship to secure their 9th trip to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9836676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836676" title="Peace Beyond Passion">
Peace Beyond Passion

Peace Beyond Passion is an album by Me'shell Ndegeocello. It was released on June 25, 1996, on Maverick Records. The album peaked at #63 on the "Billboard" Top 200 list in 1996. The album also peaked at #15 on Billboard's R&B Albums chart. It went on to become Me'shell's most commercially successful album. The album was positively received by music critics. The album was also nominated for the 'Best R&B Album' Grammy Award in 1997.
The first single "Leviticus: Faggot" peaked at #15 on "Billboard"'s Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart in 1996. The music video was positively received on R&B outlets, despite its heavy storyline.
The second single and the biggest hit from the album was a Bill Wither's cover "Who Is He (And What Is He To You?)". The single reached #1 on the "Billboard" Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart in November 1996, as well as peaking at #34 on "Billboard"'s Top R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
The third and final single was a remixed version of the ballad "Stay", which peaked at #15 on Billboard's Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart and #67 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9836678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836678" title="Erwin F. Dygert">
Erwin F. Dygert

Erwin F. Dygert (c.1895 - August 5, 1962) was an importer of horses into the United States. He brought the last Belgian horses out of Europe before World War II prevented any more exports.
He was also involved in harness racing, first at Aurora Downs in Aurora, Illinois, then at Hawthorne Race Course. The Erwin F. Dygert Memorial Trot, run at Hawthorne, is named after him. In 1954, Dygert founded and was the sole proprietor of Suburban Downs, Inc., a harness racing association that began operations at Maywood Park under a lease agreement.
Erwin Dygert married and had three children: Mary (Dill), Erwin William "Bill", Marjorie (Wallace), and Gloria (Morrison). His first wife died and he later remarried Beulah Dygert (Farmer) of Danville, Illinois. She continued to work at the Hawthorne Race Course until her late eighties. 
His family owns Dygert Farm on Elk St. in Springville, New York, home to the Erie County Fair, and where Pop Warner trained Jim Thorpe for the 1912 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="9836695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836695" title="Owzthat">
Owzthat

Owzthat is a dice based cricket simulation. In its non-commercial form it is often called Pencil Cricket as in pre-war Britain 6 sided pencils, shaved back to bare wood with the numbers and words written on them, were used. Today this game is supplied by a variety of manufacturers, including William Lindop Ltd.
The game.
The game is usually played between two players, but can be played alone. It is played with two, six sided barrel dice and a paper scorecard. One die, the batting die, is labeled 1,2,3,4, 'owzthat' and 6. The second die, umpire die, is labeled 'bowled', 'stumped', 'caught', 'not out', 'no ball', and 'L.B.W.'.
Before commencing, the form of 'cricket match' to be played is agreed e.g. Test cricket, Limited overs cricket, etc.. An appropriate cricket scorecard is then drawn up and the teams are written in. A toss of a coin decides which team chooses to bat first.
The batting side starts the game by rolling the batting die. Any runs signalled are recorded on the scorecard. When a 'owzthat' appeal is signalled, the umpire die is rolled for a decision. The batsman has a 1/3 chance of being not out, if the 'Not Out' or 'No Ball' is signalled. As in real cricket a 'No Ball' entitles the batsman to an additional strike (roll) and an extra run. A batsman is out if 'bowled', 'stumped', 'caught', or 'L.B.W.’ are signalled, and the next batsman comes to the crease. Depending on the cricket format the batting side is dismissed when all the batsmen are out or and if the over limit is reached. The other side then bats in an attempt to score more runs and hence win. 
The game is elegant, highly portable and simple to use. The dice themselves are very tactile. However, it is a poor cricket 'simulation' in that it has no skill element - the chances of scoring a 6 are equal to that for a single, and there is no reference to bowler or fielding action.

</doc>
<doc id="9836727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836727" title="Uesugi Tomosada (16th century)">
Uesugi Tomosada (16th century)

Uesugi Tomosada (上杉朝定) (1525–1546), also known as Ōgigayatsu Tomosada (扇ヶ谷朝定), was a samurai commander of the Ōgigayatsu branch of the Uesugi clan around the middle of Japan's Sengoku period.
The eldest legitimate son of Uesugi Tomooki of Ōgigayatsu, following his father's death in 1537, though he was still a child, Tomosada led an attack on the Late Hōjō clan in the Tachibana district of Musashi province. He established himself in the temple of Kandai-ji, which he fortified as a castle. Hōjō Ujitsuna took Kawagoe castle soon afterwards from Tomosada's uncle, Uesugi Tomonari, however.
In the 1546 battle of Kawagoe, Tomosada allied itself with Ashikaga Haruuji and Uesugi Norimasa of Yamauchi against Hōjō Ujiyasu. He was killed in battle, and the attempt to regain the castle for the Uesugi was ultimately unsuccessful.
With Tomosada's death, the Ōgigayatsu branch came to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="9836751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836751" title="Per Pedersen (footballer)">
Per Pedersen (footballer)

Per Werner Pedersen (born 30 March 1969) is a Danish former football player, who played the majority of his career for Danish clubs Odense BK and Lyngby BK. Pedersen scored two goals in six games for the Danish national team between 1991 and 1997. In 1997, he became the most expensive player sold by a Danish football club, when he signed a £2.5 million transfer deal with English club Blackburn Rovers, where he scored once against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Pedersen also had short stints with German club Borussia Mönchengladbach and Racing Strasbourg in France. He moved back to Denmark to play for Odense BK, where he suffered a career-ending injury, and retired in June 2001.
Pedersen also appeared in matches for Denmark's league selection, in which he played in several matches not considered fully official. A high point of his career came in 1997, when he scored four goals in a game for Denmark against the United States at the U.S. Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9836759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836759" title="Saturday Night (Whigfield song)">
Saturday Night (Whigfield song)

"Saturday Night" is a song performed by Danish Eurodance singer Whigfield. It was first released in 1993 in through Spanish label Prodisc. It was later re-released in 1994 in Europe and experienced worldwide success. The song was written by Italian producers Larry Pignagnoli and Davide Riva, and it was produced by Pignagnoli.
"Saturday Night" went straight to number one in the UK Singles Chart - dethroning Wet Wet Wet's 15 week chart-topper "Love Is All Around", despite that single increasing its sales from 65,000 the previous week to 104,000. In the UK, it has sold a total of 1,140,000 copies, placing it at number 74 in the UK all-time best-selling list published in November 2012.
Background.
Italian producer Larry Pignagnoli had already had success with Spagna in the late 1980s and early 1990s before he produced "Saturday Night" with Danish former model Sannie Carlson aka Whigfield. The track was first released in Italy in January 1994 and then became a huge hit with UK holidaymakers on the Continent at the end of the year, leading to a huge demand for the track back in the UK.
The single wasn't released in North America until April 1995, and the song itself has continued to be favorite among fans long after its chart run, and in 2011 became the subject of a blog in which it asked people who were going out on Saturday Night if they were going to ask DJs at the local clubs to play the song by placing the messages on Storify.
Dance moves.
The song had its own dance routine:
The end of the cycle is marked by a clap, and leaves the body facing 90 degrees from the beginning.
Often, the fourth step is missed out. This is because people realise that the song is in 4/4 time and therefore believe that the dance should only have four steps.
Chart performances.
It was released in the UK on September 5, 1994 and went straight to number one - dethroning Wet Wet Wet's 15 week chart-topper "Love Is All Around", despite that single increasing its sales from 65,000 the previous week to 104,000, when Saturday Night entered at number 1 with sales of 150,000. Whigfield was the first act to debut at number one in the UK charts with their debut single.
It stayed at number one for a total of four weeks selling 680,000 in the process, and has sold a total of 1,140,000 copies, placing it at number 74 in the UK all-time best-selling list published in November 2012. "Saturday Night" is also the 15th biggest-selling single by a female artist in the UK.
Controversy.
Two claims of plagiarism were made. It was alleged that the track ripped off both "Rub A Dub Dub" by the Equals and "Fog on the Tyne" by Lindisfarne. Both claims were dismissed.
Covers, Samplings & Featuring.
2010: Swedish model, actress and singer Victoria Silvstedt released a cover of Whigfields's "Saturday Night" as a promotional single, her fourth single overall.
<br>1994: Black Duck samples this extensively for his December 1994 #33 hit "Whiggle in Line" to the point of which the only new elements were added vocals. Coincidentally, Black Duck and Whigfield both used the same producer.
It has notably been sampled in countless tracks by the founder of the Breakbit record label, mrSimon.
Saturday Night 2013 featuring Carlprit

</doc>
<doc id="9836783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836783" title="George A. Loud">
George A. Loud

George Alvin Loud (June 18, 1852 - November 13, 1925) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Loud was born in Bainbridge Township, Geauga County, Ohio, and moved with his parents to Massachusetts in 1856 and then to Au Sable, Michigan, in 1866. He attended the English High School in Boston, and Professor Patterson’s School at Detroit, He graduated from Ann Arbor High School (now Pioneer High School) in 1869. He was vice president and general manager of the Au Sable and Northwestern Railroad. For four years he was a colonel on the staff of Michigan Governor Hazen S. Pingree. He was paymaster on the U. S. revenue cutter "McCulloch" when it participated in the Battle of Manila Bay during the Spanish-American War. 
Loud was elected as a Republican from Michigan's 10th congressional district to the 58th United States Congress and to the four succeeding Congresses, serving from March 4, 1903 to March 3, 1913. In 1912, Loud was defeated by Progressive Roy O. Woodruff. Loud defeated Woodruff in 1914 to be elected to the 64th Congress, serving from March 4, 1915 to March 3, 1917. In 1916, Loud was defeated in the Republican Party primary elections by Gilbert A. Currie. 
Loud returned to engaged in the lumber business at Au Sable. He was killed in an automobile accident at Myrtle Point, Oregon and was interred in Au Sable Cemetery in Oscoda.

</doc>
<doc id="9836784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836784" title="List of EastEnders crew members">
List of EastEnders crew members

This is a list of crew members for the BBC soap opera "EastEnders".
Current production team.
This table represents current crew members from the year of 2014.
Post production.
Dubbing Mixers.
Others

</doc>
<doc id="9836806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836806" title="Houston Astros all-time roster">
Houston Astros all-time roster

The following is a list of players, both past and current, who appeared at least in one game for the Houston Astros National League franchise (1965–present), also known previously as the Houston Colt .45's (1962–1964).
__NOTOC__
Players in bold are members of the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
Players in "italics" have had their numbers retired by the team.

</doc>
<doc id="9836856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836856" title="U Sure Do">
U Sure Do

__NOTOC__
"U Sure Do" is a song by Strike. Released in December 1994 this was Strike's second single and reached number 31 in the UK charts. The song was a big UK club hit and after receiving regular play in clubs throughout 1994/1995 it was re-released and re-entered the chart in April 1995 reaching number 4.
The track samples Donna Allen's "Serious" for the vocal, and Cubic 22's "Night in Motion" for the main synth.
In 2006 it was remixed and released to a handful of DJs solely for club use.

</doc>
<doc id="9836862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836862" title="South Dakota State Jackrabbits">
South Dakota State Jackrabbits

The South Dakota State Jackrabbits are the 19 intercollegiate teams representing South Dakota State University that compete in the U.S. National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I (for football: Football Championship Subdivision). SDSU is currently a member of the Summit League, the Missouri Valley Football Conference, the Western Wrestling Conference and Varsity Equestrian. The university won numerous conference championships and several national titles including the NCAA College Division national title in men's basketball in 1963 and the NCAA Division II national title in women's basketball in 2003.
The Jackrabbit football team qualified for the NCAA Football Championship Series playoffs in 2009 (losing to Montana I in the first round), the school's second year of FCS post-season eligibility since moving from NCAA Division II to NCAA Division I. The Jackrabbits qualified for the FCS playoffs in 2012, winning their first game against Ohio Valley Conference champs Eastern Illinois before falling to Missouri Valley Football Conference rival North Dakota State, the eventual national champion.
The 2011-2012 season marked the fifth-consecutive trip to the NCAA National Tourney for the Jackrabbit women's basketball team, capping a season in which the Jackrabbits won the regular-season Summit League title and their fifth consecutive Summit League Tourney title. 
The Jackrabbit men qualified for its first NCAA Division I National Tourney last season (2012-2013) following a second-place regular season finish in the Summit League and winning the Summit League Tourney title. 
The Jackrabbit baseball team qualified for the 2013 NCAA Tourney and traveled to Eugene, OR, losing the first game to eventual regional champ Oregon and then being eliminated by the University of San Francisco in a 13-inning defensive battle.
Athletic teams.
South Dakota State University, the State's largest university and its Land Grant University, sponsors nine men's and ten women's teams in NCAA sanctioned sports:
Men's Teams
Women's Teams

</doc>
<doc id="9836931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836931" title="La Crosse Public Library (La Crosse, Wisconsin)">
La Crosse Public Library (La Crosse, Wisconsin)

La Crosse Public Library (La Crosse, Wisconsin) is the public library system in La Crosse, Wisconsin.
The library serves as the resource library for the Winding Rivers Library System and the administrative offices for WRLS are at the public library.
The library serves 50,000 people, has 245,000 volumes, and has 800,000 annual circulation transactions.
The La Crosse Public Library also has won awards especially for its digitalized history website.
History.
After the death of former Wisconsin Governor Cadwallader C. Washburn, a large bequest was made, land was purchased, and a library was built which was opened in 1888. A children's department was opened in 1905 and in 1909 a large extension to the building was built which nearly doubled its size. After 55 years of continuous growth the library was short of space and in 1964 the Friends of the LaCrosse Public Library was formed to address the problem. By 1966 the old building had been razed and replaced by a new one which gained two architectural awards and opened in 1967. After a bequest from Susan and Elizabeth Swarthout it was possible to extend this building and provide accommodation for the La Crosse County Historical Society. The extension was opened in 1980 and in 1981 the library became a department of the city of La Crosse. the use of computers began in 1985 and in 1988 the library celebrated its centennial and the checking out of the 25 millionth book. Remodeling work was undertaken in 1996 and again in 2007 to improve the circulation workflow and service for juvenile readers.

</doc>
<doc id="9836932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836932" title="Alex Sanchez (pitcher)">
Alex Sanchez (pitcher)

Alex Anthony Sanchez (born April 8, 1966) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played professionally for the Toronto Blue Jays.
Early life.
Sanchez was born in Concord, California and attended Antioch High School. In high school, he was named A-East Bay and All-Northern California for two years. "USA Today" named Sanchez one of the top 25 pro prospects, and he was drafted by the Chicago Cubs out of high school. Sanchez elected to attend the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) instead.
College career.
At UCLA, he set a single season all-time record for having 16 wins in one season in 1986. He was named co-Player of the Year in the Pac 10, and first team All-America by "Baseball America" in 1986.
Professional career.
Sanchez was drafted by the Toronto Blue Jays in the 1st round (17th pick overall) of the 1987 Major League Baseball Draft. He was named Pitcher of the Year for the International League in 1989 while playing for the Syracuse Chiefs. He played for the Blue Jays for the 1989 Major League Baseball season. On September 24, 1990, Sanchez was traded to the Cleveland Indians. He was traded back to the Blue Jays on November 6, 1990.
Sanchez signed with the Kansas City Royals in 1992 and played with their minor league affiliates until 1993. In 1994 and 1995, he played with the minor league affiliates of the San Diego Padres, Seattle Mariners and the Oakland Athletics.
Awards and honors.
He was inducted into the Antioch Sports Hall of Fame in 2010.
Personal.
Sanchez was high school teammates with Chicago Cubs pitcher Jeff Pico and PGA Tour golfer Larry Silveira.

</doc>
<doc id="9836934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836934" title="Christabel">
Christabel

Christabel may refer to:
People named Christabel:
People with Christabel in their middle names

</doc>
<doc id="9836971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836971" title="Robert Peters">
Robert Peters

Robert Louis Peters (October 20, 1924 – June 13, 2014) was an American poet, critic, scholar, playwright, editor, and actor born in an impoverished rural area of northern Wisconsin in 1924. He holds a Ph.D in Victorian literature. His poetry career began in 1967 when his young son Richard died unexpectedly of spinal meningitis. The book commemorating this loss, "Songs for a Son", was selected by poet Denise Levertov to be published by W. W. Norton in 1967, and it still remains in print. "Songs for a Son" began a flood of poetry.
Academic beginnings.
After army service during World War II, he enrolled at University of Wisconsin, majoring in English. He received his B.A. in 1948, his M.A. in 1949 and his doctorate in 1952. His teaching career took him to Wayne State University, Boston University, Ohio Wesleyan, University of Idaho at Moscow, University of California at Riverside, and then University of California at Irvine, where he first taught in 1967. His field of study was Victorian literature. In addition to publishing numerous articles and monographs, he edited, with Herbert Schueller, the letters of John Addington Symonds. Peters received a Fulbright Fellowship to Cambridge, England in the 1960s to work on Symonds' letters. In 1965, he published "The Crowns of Apollo", a scholarly study on Algernon Charles Swinburne. After Peters' "Songs for a Son" was published, he devoted more time to writing and study of contemporary poetry. Fellow poets Charles Wright and James McMichael and novelist Oakley Hall taught poetry at UC Irvine during this time and shared directorship of the university's well-known Master of Fine Arts program.
Poet and critic.
Peters is a prolific poet, having published some 30 books of poems, and he is an important critic of contemporary American poetry. In his controversial books of criticism — "The Great American Poetry Bake-Off" series, "Peters Black and Blue Guides to Current Literary Magazines" and "Hunting the Snark: A Compendium of New Literary Terminology" — he has assessed more than 400 contemporary poets and critics. He also wrote poetry reviews for the "Los Angeles Times".
His "Workers, Drones & Queens of Contemporary American Poetry" offers readers the best of these writings collected in a single volume. Included are some 35 essays on and reviews of such major figures as Robert Bly, Charles Bukowski, Allen Ginsberg, John Ashbery, Diane Wakoski, Robert Creeley, Robert Duncan, Tess Gallagher and W. S. Merwin, as well as commentaries on the work of many lesser-known poets.
Billy Collins, a former student of Peters and now a noted poet in his own right, once described Peters' poetry: "[…] modifies poetic language and breaks new artistic ground. By combining playful rhymes with painfully serious matter, he has returned new tonal possibilities to poetry. By fully exploiting the metaphor of the body, […] he has provided a fresh code for the expression of feeling ..."
Poet and author of Iron John, Robert Bly, wrote about Peters' "American Poetry Bakeoff" book of criticism as "not maternal ... insights are set down simply, unornamented, as if intended to glance off, and yet I think they are important, and belong to the center ... He deserves numerous readers, particularly among young poets dissatisfied with the celebrities who keep writing the same poem over and over again ... essay on Robert Creeley is superb; the best essay on his work I know."
He has been published by both large and small presses, including W.W. Norton, Wayne State University Press, Crossing Press, New Rivers Press, Cherry Valley Editions, Unicorn Press, GLB Publishing, Paragon House, Chiron Review Press and University of Wisconsin Press. In the fall of 2001, the 40th volume of his "Familial Love and Other Misfortunes" was published by Red Hen Press. Peters has served as a contributing editor for "The American Book Review", "Contact II" and "Paintbrush".
Style of poetry.
His poetry covers a wide range of themes and forms, from intensely personal volumes of private celebrations and losses — the death of a son, the break-up of a marriage, and his rural Wisconsin origins — to excursions into the psyches of a vast gallery of historical eccentrics, numbering among them, a Bavarian king, a Hungarian countess (and mass murderer) and a British romantic painter. The root of his interest in personae poetry goes back to his studies of Victorian poet Robert Browning. He adapted both King Ludwig II of Bavaria and Elizabeth Báthory, the Hungarian Countess, for theatrical presentation, performing them around the country. His "Poems: Selected & New" includes a rich sampling of work written over the past 30 years, while collecting in a single volume many of Peters' best poems.
Poet Diane Wakoski best describes his poetry, "The fascination with the dead, with the rotting, with pigs rooting into the earth, a poem about a primal scene in a root cellar, discovering sex and the underground, taboo, death-related experience — this is what all of Peters' poetry is about […] which gives it great originality and power."
Performances.
His acting career developed after countless poetry readings. Peters wanted to reach a larger audience with his poetry by transforming his personae poetry into theatrical monologues replete with memorized scripts, lighting, settings and sound tracks. He performed at Barnsdall Art Park in Los Angeles, at Carpet Company Theatre in Los Angeles, Fine Art Theatre at UCI, Provincetown’s Summer Theatre, St. Matthews Church near Broadway, New York and many college campus venues. He took acting lessons from his colleague, Fine Arts Professor Robert Cohen, at University of California, Irvine. These performances are all well-documented in Peters' journals, video recordings, flyers, playbills, posters and scrapbooks, replete with reviews and photos, which are all housed and catalogued at UCSD Mandeville Special Collections Library.
Memoirs.
Peters has written four memoirs of his woebegone days during the 1930s in the North Woods of Wisconsin. His last memoir was on the death of his third son which took place in the 1950s. Thomas Keneally, author of "Schindler's List", summarized Peters' second memoir, "Nell's Story", by saying, "As a fascinating exercise in obscure lives retrieved, as a joint effort in painful and exultant memory, this rich memoir has the playful seriousness and inventive charm which characterizes the work of Robert Peters ...""
Awards and honors.
Peters has also judged competitions for fellowships and prizes for an assortment of small presses and for the Poetry Society of America and PEN International. He has enjoyed Guggenheim and National Endowment for the Arts fellowships, Fulbright Scholarship, and won the Alice Fay di Castagnola Award of the Poetry Society of America.
Further reading.
"Note": All of Robert Peters' papers from 1950–1990, including letters, manuscripts (both published and unpublished), and journals containing his poetry and prose, are on deposit in the Kenneth Spencer Research Library, the University of Kansas, Lawrence. His working library of contemporary poetry, with related papers, is now in the Rare Book Collection, Bowling Green State University. Recently his remaining archives have been obtained by the Weisel Library Special Collections, University of San Diego.
Personal life.
Shortly after his divorce from his wife Jean, Peters met poet Paul Trachtenberg and established a relationship lasting more than 36 years.
Death.
He died on June 13, 2014 from natural causes at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="9836994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836994" title="Quin">
Quin

Quin may refer to:
People named Quin:

</doc>
<doc id="9836995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9836995" title="Moab Cluster Suite">
Moab Cluster Suite

The Moab Cluster Suite is a cluster workload management package, available from Adaptive Computing, Inc., that integrates the scheduling, managing, monitoring and reporting of cluster workloads. Moab Cluster Suite simplifies and unifies management across one or multiple hardware, operating system, storage, network, license and resource manager environments. Moab's development was based on the Open Source Maui job scheduling package. This Maui is not associated with the "Maui Scheduler Molokini Edition" which was developed as a project on the SourceForge site independent of the original Maui scheduler.[http://mauischeduler.sourceforge.net/]
Moab's feature set has expanded greatly since its divergence from Maui, and has many new capabilities. A comparison list is available on Adaptive Computing Enterprises Inc.'s site.

</doc>
<doc id="9837025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837025" title="Pistol offense">
Pistol offense

The pistol offense is an American football formation and strategy partially developed by Chris Ault in 2005 while he was head coach at the University of Nevada. It is a hybrid of the traditional shotgun and single back offenses. In the pistol offense, also commonly referred to as the "pistol formation", the quarterback lines up four yards behind the center, which is much closer than the seven-yard setback in a traditional shotgun formation. The running back then lines up three yards directly behind the quarterback, which is in contrast to the shotgun, where they are beside each other. It is argued that the position of the quarterback in the pistol formation strikes an advantageous compromise: the quarterback is close enough to the line of scrimmage to be able to read the defense, as with run situation sets such as the I Formation, but far enough back to give him extra time and a better vision of the field for passing plays, as in the shotgun. The pistol formation is thus very versatile, particularly if the quarterback himself is a threat to run the ball, which makes it difficult for the defense to correctly anticipate the play. This flexibility is enhanced by the Read Option, where the quarterback reacts to the response of the defensive players to the snap, and makes a rapid decision whether to hand off the ball to the running back, keep it and complete a pass to a downfield receiver, or keep it and run himself.
History.
Michael Taylor of Mill Valley created and developed the Pistol Offense (called the "Shotgun I" at that time) in 1999 while playing softball. Michael's teammate was a college football coach at Division III Ohio Northern University named Tom Kaczkowski, and during a conversation, he mentioned that his team needed to go into a new direction because his running back was quick, but his quarterback was tall and slow. 
Michael Taylor developed a new concept which he called the "Shotgun I". Armed with this new idea Michael, spent weeks developing new formations and schemes as a way of maintaining a downhill running game, while allowing his quarterback to be comfortable in the pass game. The plays worked, the backfield set was exclusively two back and included a full complement of runs to both the I back and the offset back (aligned next to the quarterback). University of Nevada head coach Chris Ault popularized the single back alignment (and renamed it the "Pistol") in 2005. While the pistol offense has been experimented with by dozens of college football teams such as LSU, Syracuse, Indiana, and Missouri, Ault's Nevada Wolf Pack is most strongly associated with the formation.
Using the Pistol Offense, during the 2009 season, Nevada led the nation in rushing at 345 yards a game and were second in total offense at 506 yards. The Wolf Pack also became the first team in college football history with three 1,000-yard rushers in the same season: quarterback Colin Kaepernick and running backs Luke Lippincott and Vai Taua.
Football Championship Subdivision team James Madison University used "The Pistol" to help beat #13 ranked Virginia Tech on September 11, 2010. The pistol has also made the transition to the NFL, mainly being used by the Carolina Panthers with Cam Newton and Robert Griffin III of the Washington Redskins, as well as the aforementioned Colin Kaepernick with the San Francisco 49ers, who in the NFL Playoffs versus the Green Bay Packers set the all-time single game rushing record for a quarterback with 181 yards. Along with the wildcat, the pistol has added more of a college "playmaker" aspect to the professional game.
On December 5, 2010, the Pittsburgh Steelers utilized the Pistol offense so quarterback Ben Roethlisberger could play with a bad foot.
Advantages.
The pistol formation can be used in a variety of ways, because the quarterback is closer to the line of scrimmage than a traditional shotgun formation. This allows him to see more easily over the line and make downfield reads. He will also get the ball snapped to him faster, which can alter timing patterns greatly for a preparing defense. The pistol offense can effectively use draw plays, counters, and options using three-wide receiver formations or multiple tight ends combined with a fullback for pass protection. In a pistol formation, handoffs occur 2-3 yards closer to the line of scrimmage than in the shotgun. In the traditional shotgun, run plays are most effectively run to the side opposite the running back, without a cutback to the other side. In the pistol, they can be effectively executed to either side of the QB, opening up more options for the offense. This can make for a more effective running game, but may limit pass efficiency due to quicker recognition of play action by linebackers and defensive backs. This formation works well with dual threat quarterbacks who can both throw and run and is also used when quarterback's mobility has been limited by injury.
Usage.
The following American college football teams have used some aspect of the pistol offense:
The following NFL teams have used some aspect of the pistol offense:

</doc>
<doc id="9837028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837028" title="1995 in Swedish football">
1995 in Swedish football

The 1995 season in Swedish football, starting January 1995 and ending December 1995:

</doc>
<doc id="9837074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837074" title="Mark Bailey">
Mark Bailey

Mark Bailey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9837091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837091" title="Woodstock Railway">
Woodstock Railway

The Woodstock Railway was an intrastate railroad in southeastern Vermont. It ran from White River Junction, Vermont to Woodstock, Vermont, a distance of approximately .
History.
The legislature of Vermont granted a charter to construct the railroad in 1863, but little was done until 1867, when enough money was raised to begin construction. Construction began in earnest in 1868, and proceeded fitfully until 1875, when the line was finally completed and the first train made the trip. While never very busy, the line continued running until 1933, when it was abandoned. The last run took place on Saturday, April 15, 1933.
During construction two major obstacles were overcome: a long cut in Stanley Hill, and a substantial trestle over the Quechee Gorge, formed by the Ottauquechee River, The original trestle was replaced first by a wooden arch bridge, then in 1911 by one made of steel. At one time the high structure may have been the highest railroad bridge in New England.
Originally the Woodstock Railroad, a financial reorganization in 1890 caused the name to change to Woodstock Railway.
Stations.
An 1877 timetable listed the following stops from east to west:

</doc>
<doc id="9837106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837106" title="Studies of the Book of Mormon">
Studies of the Book of Mormon

Studies of the Book of Mormon is a collection of previously unpublished manuscripts, written at the beginning of the 20th century by B. H. Roberts (1857–1933), a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The writings examine the validity of the Book of Mormon as a translation of an ancient American source.
Roberts "served in the innermost circles of Mormonism" and for decades "used his great oratorical and writing skills, as well as his scholarly and research abilities, to defend the Book of Mormon and give it intellectual respectability." According to Brigham Young University professor Marvin S. Hill, controversy over the book "has focused not upon the historical issues which Roberts raised but rather on whether or not he lost his testimony of the book and the church."
Critics of Mormonism claim that Roberts lost his belief in the Book of Mormon after completing the study, even though he continued to publicly affirm the divine origin of the book. According to religion writer Richard N. Ostling, Mormon apologists were faced with one "of the most delicate situations" after publication of the book and "went into high gear" to make responses to it because "Roberts could not be dismissed as an outsider or an anti-Mormon."
Roberts's purpose and conclusion.
In the early 1920s, Roberts was asked by the First Presidency of the LDS Church to develop an apologetic to explain difficulties in the Book of Mormon, such as the lack of Hebrew or Egyptian vestiges in the languages of the Native American peoples and such historical anachronisms in the Book of Mormon as mentions of horses, oxen, wheat, and steel swords in ancient America.
Roberts also compared the Book of Mormon with Ethan Smith's "View of the Hebrews" (1823), published five years before the Book of Mormon. Smith, a Vermont clergyman, drew on, what were at the time, commonplace ideas about the relationship of the Hebrews and the American Indians. Not only did Smith's work go through many early editions, but Oliver Cowdery, Joseph Smith's scribe and one of the Three Witnesses to the golden plates, grew up in the Vermont town where Ethan Smith pastored the church and where Cowdery's mother and half-sisters were members. According to religion writer Richard Ostling, "it is probably safe to assume that Joseph Smith was familiar" with Ethan Smith's book.
Roberts was "torn by an internal struggle between his faith and a desire to be honest with himself." Roberts believed that Mormonism must "stand or fall" on the truth of Joseph Smith's claim that the Book of Mormon was the history of an ancient people inscribed on golden plates and revealed to him by an angel. Yet in his studies, Roberts cited examples "of what he considered discrepancies, implausibilities and contradictions in the Book of Mormon. According to Marvin S. Hill, Roberts "maintained that the Book of Mormon's claims that the Indians were derived solely from three migrations of Hebrews to the new world over a span of three thousand years was entirely untenable." And Roberts concluded that the "evidence I sorrowfully submit" pointed to Joseph Smith as the Book of Mormon's creator.
Although Roberts's manuscripts were intended for perusal by the general authorities of the LDS Church, the authorities proved uninterested in examining them. Roberts argued that his study was “of very great importance since it represents what may be used by some opponent in criticism of the Book of Mormon.” He also warned that the problems described would haunt the church "both now and also in the future" and, unless answered, they would undermine "the faith of the Youth of the Church."
Overview.
Roberts gave three conditions that would suggest that one book had been derived from another: that the derivative book had appeared after its model, that the author of the derivative book had access to the model, and that the derivative work be similar to the model. Roberts concluded that "View of the Hebrews" had been published first, that the possibility that Joseph Smith had access to it was "a very close certainty," and that there were many similarities between the works. The bulk of Roberts's manuscript considers the similarities between "View of the Hebrews" and the Book of Mormon.
Origin of New World peoples.
Roberts states that both "View of the Hebrews" and the Book of Mormon claim that the Hebrews “occupied the whole extent of the American continents” and that this idea was “very generally obtained throughout New England.” Modern Mormon apologists argue a limited geography theory of the Book of Mormon civilizations, which Roberts himself did not believe "the "Book of Mormon" would admit our assuming.”
Migration.
Both "View of the Hebrews" and the Book of Mormon refer to a migration of peoples to America. Roberts notes several parallels between the migration of the Jaredites and that of the Ten Lost Tribes in the Jewish apocalypse 2 Esdras (as interpreted by Ethan Smith). Both journeys are "religiously motivated, both groups enter valleys at the commencement of their journeys, both apparently travel north between the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, both cross water barriers, both trips take years, and both groups travel to uninhabited lands."
Destruction of Jerusalem.
Roberts notes that the entire first chapter of "View of the Hebrews" describes the siege of Jerusalem by the Romans in A.D. 70. He compares this chapter to the first chapters of the Book of Mormon, in which Lehi prophesies of the destruction of Jerusalem prior to his departure circa 600 B.C. Mormon apologists argue that "View of the Hebrews" does not refer to the earlier destruction of Jerusalem by the Babylonians circa 586 B.C.
Lost books.
In "View of the Hebrews", "an old Indian” said that his ancestors “had a book which they had for a long time preserved,” but that "having lost the knowledge of reading it … they buried it with an Indian chief." 
"View of the Hebrews" mentions a Jewish phylactery dug from the ground which “contained four folded leaves" of "dark yellow" parchment. Roberts compares this story with Joseph Smith's retrieval of the golden plates in a New York hillock, and adds the question, "Could all this have supplied structural work for the Book of Mormon?"
Breastplate and the Urim and Thummin.
"View of the Hebrews" describes a breastplate "in resemblance of the Urim and Thummin" made of a white conch shell with two holes to which are fastened white buckhorn buttons "as if in imitation of the precious stones of the Urim." Roberts compares this to the Urim and Thummim which Joseph Smith said that he was given for the purpose of translating the golden plates.
"Egyptian" hieroglyphics.
"View of the Hebrews" describes hieroglyphic paintings found in the American southwest. Roberts wrote, "Was this sufficient to suggest the strange manner of writing the Book of Mormon … in an altered Egyptian?” The Book of Mormon writer states that the golden plates were written in "reformed Egyptian".
Barbarous versus civilized New World people.
"View of the Hebrews" argues that the Hebrews who arrived on the American continents divided into two classes, that "most of them fell into a wandering idle hunting life" but that "more sensible parts of this people associated together to improve their knowledge of the arts." The more civilized portion of this society separated from the more primitive group, who "lost the knowledge of their having descended from the same family." As a result of “tremendous wars,” the civilized group “became extinct.”
In the Book of Mormon, the Nephites and Lamanites also split into two groups and have frequent wars, which ultimately result in the destruction of the more civilized Nephites.
Government.
In both "View of the Hebrews" and the Book of Mormon, part of the ancient inhabitants of America changed from monarchical governments to republican governments, and the civil and ecclesiastical power was united in the same person.
Prophecy about the scattering and gathering of Israel.
Roberts notes that in both "View of the Hebrews" and the Book of Mormon there are extensive quotations from the Book of Isaiah regarding the scattering and future gathering of Israel. Roberts asks, "Did the Author of the Book of Mormon follow too closely the course of Ethan Smith in this use of Isaiah would be a legitimate query.” Mormon apologists reply that "View of the Hebrews" includes many other scriptural prophecies about the restoration of Israel, whereas the Book of Mormon quotes only from Isaiah chapter 11.
White god in the New World.
"View of the Hebrews" discusses legends of what he called the “bearded white god” Quetzalcoatl and proposes that this “lawgiver” or “Mexican messiah” might have been Moses. Ethan Smith also suggests that this belief held by the people of Mexico at the time of Montezuma allowed the Spanish to easily conquer the country because “the Mexicans mistook the white bearded invaders from the east for the descendants of their long cherished culture-hero Quetzalcoatl.” Roberts asks rhetorically if “this character spoken of in the "View of the Hebrews"" furnished the suggestion of Jesus Christ in the New World in the Book of Mormon.
Controversy about Roberts's parallels.
Some Mormon apologists have argued that Roberts's parallels are unimportant both because many of them have been answered by Mormon apologists in the intervening years and because there are also many "unparallels" between "View of the Hebrews" and the Book of Mormon. Critics reply that Joseph Smith was not obligated to use everything he found in the "View of the Hebrews", that he might well have taken major ideas and discarded others according to his fancy, and that furthermore, the conceptual differences are minor and the similarities major.
Controversy about Roberts's ultimate beliefs.
Non-Mormons have argued that Roberts's belief in the Book of Mormon may have been shaken by his research. For instance, a reviewer of the book for "The Christian Century" wrote that not only did Roberts "have serious doubts" about the Book of Mormon, but that his investigations raised "questions about his own beliefs." Mormon apologists have replied that Roberts must have been playing devil's advocate, because he continued to testify to the truth of the Book of Mormon until his death. As Marvin S. Hill has noted, however, "this contention seems strained considering his pleadings at the end of each section that church leaders must offer inspired help." Mormon apologists have also argued that Sterling McMurrin and Brigham Madsen, who edited the volume, "misrepresented Roberts's final views about the historicity of Mormon scriptures."
Controversy within the LDS Church after the 1985 publication.
The publication of Roberts's study "caused much protest in some circles in Utah." Sterling McMurrin, a University of Utah philosophy professor, even "charged that there was an unsuccessful effort to have the University of Illinois suppress publication of the study." According to writer Robert Lindsay, "Church leaders struggled to hold back the tide of research and regain control over the past." In the summer of 1985, LDS Church apostle Gordon B. Hinckley rebuked scholars who were "poking into all the crevices of our history, ferreting out little things of small import and magnifying them into great issues of public discussion." In August of the same year, apostle Dallin H. Oaks told an assembly of religious instructors at Brigham Young University that "the fact that something is true is not always a justification for communicating it. By the same token, some things that are true are not edifying or appropriate to communicate."
In 1996, many years after Roberts's study had been available through Jerald and Sandra Tanner, prominent critics of the church, and more than a decade after the University of Illinois had published Roberts's "Study", BYU republished "View of the Hebrews".

</doc>
<doc id="9837111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837111" title="Enzyme-linked receptor">
Enzyme-linked receptor

An enzyme-linked receptor, also known as a catalytic receptor, is a transmembrane receptor, where the binding of an extracellular ligand causes enzymatic activity on the intracellular side. Hence a catalytic receptor is an integral membrane protein possessing both enzymatic catalytic and receptor functions.
They have two important domains, an extra-cellular ligand binding domain and an intracellular domain, which has a Catalytic function; and a transmembrane helix. The signaling molecule binds to the receptor outside of the cell and causes a conformational change on the Catalytic function located on the receptor inside of the cell.
Examples of the enzymatic activity include:
Types.
The following is a list of the five major families of catalytic receptors:

</doc>
<doc id="9837114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837114" title="Marc-André Grondin">
Marc-André Grondin

Marc-André Grondin (born March 11, 1984) is a Canadian actor, most noted for his performance as Zachary Beaulieu in Jean-Marc Vallée's film "C.R.A.Z.Y." (2005), for which he won a Jutra award for best actor. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.
Biography.
Movie career.
He is also known for his work in the film "Les fleurs magiques", "La belle bête", "5150 Elm's Way", "Che" and the television series "Les super mamies", "Sous un ciel variable" and "Nos étés". Marc-André received a César in 2009 for his performance as Raphael in "Le Premier Jour du Reste de ta Vie" directed by Rémi Bezançon.
He is also known for playing the role of Frederic Bourdin, a French serial impostor in the 2010 movie "The Chameleon".
In other work, Grondin has served as a judge at the 2010 Festival du Nouveau Cinéma awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9837137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837137" title="All-night vigil">
All-night vigil

The All-night vigil is a service of the Eastern Orthodox Church (and Eastern Catholic Church) consisting of an aggregation of the three canonical hours of Vespers, Matins, and the First Hour. The vigil is celebrated on the eves of Sundays and of major liturgical feasts.
The vigil has been set to music most famously by Sergei Rachmaninoff, whose setting of selections from the service is one of his most admired works. Tchaikovsky's setting of the all-night vigil, along with his Divine Liturgy and his collection of nine sacred songs were of seminal importance in the later interest in Orthodox music in general, and settings of the all-night vigil in particular. Other musical settings include those by Chesnokov, Grechaninov, Ippolitov-Ivanov, Alexander Kastalsky, Hilarion Alfeyev, Clive Strutt and Einojuhani Rautavaara. It is most often celebrated using a variety of traditional or simplified chant melodies based on the Octoechos or other sources.
Order.
When celebrated at the All-night vigil, the orders of Great Vespers and Matins vary somewhat from when they are celebrated by themselves. In parish usage, many portions of the service such as the readings from the Synaxarion during the Canon at Matins are abbreviated or omitted, and it therefore takes approximately two or two and a half hours to perform.
The Psalms cited below are numbered according to the Septuagint, which differs from that found in the Masoretic.

</doc>
<doc id="9837139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837139" title="Mind-Wave">
Mind-Wave

Mind-Wave is a fictional character in the Marvel Universe.
First Mind-Wave.
Publication history.
Mind-Wave first appeared in "Daredevil" #133 (May 1976), and was created by Marv Wolfman, Bob Brown and Jim Mooney.
The character subsequently appears in "Captain America" #319 (July 1986), in which he was killed by the Scourge of the Underworld.
Fictional character biography.
Mind-Wave was a megalomaniac criminal possessing mental abilities heightened by his own inventions. He robbed banks in Europe and America until stopped by Daredevil and Uri Geller. At the time he utilized his 'think tank', capable of firing various weapons.
Mind-Wave's mental abilities failed to warn him about the Scourge of the Underworld, who killed him in the "Bar With No Name" massacre.
Mind-Wave was later among the eighteen criminals, all murdered by the Scourge, to be resurrected by Hood using the power of Dormammu as part of a squad assembled to eliminate the Punisher. Mirage disguises himself, Mind-Wave, Cheetah, and some of the other criminals as a team of Avengers trying to kill the Punisher. After the Punisher uncovers the ruse, he captures Mirage, kills Mind-Wave with a grenade and leaves him with a grenade as a booby trap for Letha, Titania and Black Abbot to find.
Powers and abilities.
Mind-Wave wore a helmet of his own design that boosted his natural mind powers particularly ESP, with which he could blindside a non-telepathic opponent at will. His helmet also enabled him to communicate mentally with others wearing similar helmets, with his "Think Tank" or with other ESPers.
Mind-Wave's "Think Tank" was a large, heavily armed vehicle control by his mental powers which he used to rob banks. It had heat-ray cannons. He also carried hand-held versions of the heat ray.
Second Mindwave.
A new Mindwave appeared as a Superhuman Registration Act violator. He amused the officers of a Las Vegas, Nevada police precinct by claiming he was there to officially protest the Registration Act and stating that his codename was different from the man who was called "Mind Hyphen Wave." He then used his telekinetic powers to destroy the station and kill the officers present before calmly surrendering to the Thunderbolts.
Mindwave was escorted to a cell in Thunderbolts Mountain. When the guards walked away, he began a telepathic conversation with fellow prisoners Caprice, Bluestreak and Mirage. He suggested that it would be fun to interfere with the surgery scheduled to be performed on Bullseye. However, Bullseye recovered from his surgery while Mindwave was focusing on the other Thunderbolts, and killed Mindwave and his allies in their cells using thrown scalpels.
This version of Mindwave was primarily a very powerful telekinetic, with the ability to destroy structures and halt and redirect hails of bullets in mid-flight. He also had some measure of telepathic ability, which he used to converse with his fellow prisoners and combine his power with theirs, in an attempt to destroy Thunderbolts by driving them insane. He wore a costume composed of dark body armor and a helmet resembling a gas mask.

</doc>
<doc id="9837171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837171" title="Victims of the Riddle">
Victims of the Riddle

Victims Of The Riddle was a debut single from the post-punk band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox. It was released on July 27, 1979. The single and its B-side, "Victims of the Riddle (Vivisection)" were featured on the LP version of "Sheep Farming In Barnet", which was itself an extended reissue of the band's next single. They also featured on the 2005 compilation album "".
History.
"Victims of the Riddle" was considered by some as being a very brave single choice, especially as a debut. "'Victims Of The Riddle' was mainly my choice because I wanted to be as weird and far away from the mainstream as possible. In fact, being weird was my priority. If I was to go back in time I'd have made the first single 'Neon Womb'", Toyah remarked in 2011.
There was, apparently, some friction within the band as to the authorship. In 1980, speaking to ZigZag fanzine, Toyah said:
In 2011, speaking of the old songs she cherry-picked for her 30th Anniversary concert tour, Toyah commented:
Controversy.
The single courted controversy due to its intentionally disturbing front cover image — a photograph of one of the mummies of Guanajuato in Mexico (from a book by Ray Bradbury entitled "The Mummies of Guanajuato"), holding a note which asked "Is there a heaven? Is there a hell? Do both exist? Who can tell?". This was drawn over the original inscription, which bore the name of the actual mummy — Magdalena Aguilar, and her date of burial which was the 8th of September, 1897. Her mummified body was exhumed on the 27 December 1909.
Critical reception.
In April 1979 "New Musical Express" wrote: "Toyah's backdrop is a quirky maze of fixing electronic and electric sounds, an intelligent sub-disco underlay. Toyah herself screeches and howls and makes the simple art of reviewing something of an endurance test. Angry and powerful, that's what it is, riotously and genuinely performed. But painful and disappointing too, after all the pre-release build up... Is there a heaven?/Is there a hell?/Do both exist?/Who can tell?" runs the deep intellect on the sleeve front. Theatrical froth".
Tracklisting.
7" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 15. Produced by Steve James/Keith Hales. Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs/MCPS.
Side A ran at 45RPM, while the lengthier Side B ran at 33RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9837200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837200" title="Barbara Baxley">
Barbara Baxley

Barbara Baxley (January 1, 1923 – June 7, 1990) was an American actress of stage, film and television.
Early life.
Baxley was born in Porterville, California, the daughter of Emma (née Tyler) and Bert Baxley.
Career.
A life member of the Actors Studio, Baxley also studied acting under the tutelage of Sanford Meisner at the prestigious Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theater in New York City. Her first film was "East of Eden", where she portrayed an obnoxious nurse at the end of the film. She made a guest appearance in 1958 on "Perry Mason" as Enid Griffin in "The Case of the Gilded Lily." In 1961, she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actress (Dramatic) for her performance in the Broadway production of Tennessee Williams' comedy, "Period of Adjustment". 
She appeared in Chekhov's "The Three Sisters" and Neil Simon's "Plaza Suite", as well as the 1960s Broadway musical "She Loves Me", which co-starred Jack Cassidy, Barbara Cook and Daniel Massey. She also starred in the 1976 Broadway play "Best Friend". She appeared in supporting roles in many television series of the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s, including her performance as a wife having her rodeo-performing husband, played by Lee Van Cleef, murdered in the CBS crime drama series, "Richard Diamond, Private Detective", starring David Janssen.
Death.
Baxley died at age 67 at her home in the Manhattan borough of New York City, of an apparent heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="9837203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837203" title="Analamanga">
Analamanga

Analamanga is a region in central Madagascar, containing the capital Antananarivo and surrounding metropolitan area. The region had an estimated population of 2,811,500 in 2004. 
Geography.
The region extends mainly towards the north of the capital. It is bordered by Betsiboka to the north, Bongolava and Itasy to the west, Alaotra Mangoro to the east, and Vakinankaratra to the south.
Administrative sub-division.
The region is divided into 8 districts and 134 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="9837219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837219" title="Bakekang">
Bakekang

Bakekang was a Philippine drama that aired on GMA Network from September 11, 2006, and ended on March 30, 2007. It aired internationally with a three-week delay on GMA Pinoy TV, which made Bakekang a success to viewers abroad.
The network acquired the rights to Bakekang, a popular comic novel by Carlo J. Caparas about an ugly girl who succeeds despite the difficulties and discrimination she encounters in life. The TV series was said to have created a so-called “Bakekang syndrome”, in which champions women’s rights and causes. It stars Sunshine Dizon in the title role and gain her PMPC Star Awards Best Actress for this portrayal. It was shown in Singapore and Malaysia and currently being aired in Indonesia.
Overview.
Komiks and film.
Bakekang was serialized in Bondying Komiks at the same time that Panday was serialized in Pilipino Komiks in the early mid-70's.
The comic novel was written by Carlo J. Caparas. It was his first novel with a woman as lead character, as his novels then all starred men like Panday and Totoy Bato, both filmed by the late Fernando Poe, Jr.
Bakekang was made into movie in 1978. It was starred by Philippine Superstar Nora Aunor and directed by F.H. Constantino.
In the film version, Bakekang is an ugly woman who begets a very beautiful girl from a foreigner. A movie fan as she is, she compels her daughter, named Crystal (spelled Kristal in the TV version), to join show business. Her daughter becomes a big star and Bakekang, a stage mother.
Pre-production.
Casting Bakekang.
There were plenty of speculations as to whom GMA Network would choose to lead its upcoming remake of a Carlo J. Caparas classic. Before it was announced that GMA Network was going to remake the old film; the rival network ABS-CBN’s Ai Ai de las Alas and Kris Aquino have expressed that they want to play the lead role.
After it was announced that GMA Network will remake it, people talked of Jean Garcia, Sheryl Cruz, Jaya, Ara Mina, Jolina Magdangal, Angel Locsin and Sharon Cuneta, but the station's choice went back to their home-grown talents: the new Bakekang is... Sunshine Dizon.
Casting the daughters.
In the original film, Bakekang had only one child; in the series, Bakekang has two, one beautiful and one ugly. Nadine Samonte was supposed to play the role of Bakekang’s beautiful daughter Kristal, but she couldn’t sing. Jackie Rice was also considered to play Kristal, but she was suspended by the network for attitude problems. GMA Network was going back to their original choice, Yasmien Kurdi, but they decided to give her a more challenging role. Kurdi was given the role of Charming, the ugly daughter and the role of Kristal was given to newcomer singer Lovi Poe, the daughter of the late acting legend Fernando Poe Jr.. In addition, Nadine Samonte was given the role of Lorraine, the rival of Lovi Poe in fame.
Production crew.
The role of director was offered to the original creator of "Bakekang" Carlo J. Caparas, who is also a movie director. Caparas turned down the role; instead, he took the role of the creative consultant for the series.
Awards and nominations.
At the 21st PMPC Star Awards for Television, which was held on November 18, "Bakekang" received four nominations:
Winning two awards for "Best New Female Personality" and "Best Drama Actress" for Sunshine Dizon, it did not manage to win the "Best Primetime Drama Series", which went to Maging Sino Ka Man.
The series was also nominated for Best Drama Mini-Series for the 3rd USTv Students Choice Awards but lost out to "Maging Sino Ka Man", again.
Synopsis.
Jacoba "Bakekang" Maisog (Sunshine Dizon) is a woman who has been deprived of affection and has only experienced mockery and scorn since childhood because of her ugly face. But she is not one to wallow in pity and be forever trampled upon: She is a strong-willed fighter who can rise above the odds. Determined to change the course of her life, she aims to be impregnated by an American in the hopes of bearing a beautiful child.
She gives birth to twin daughters who unfortunately do not look alike. One turns out to be the beautiful child Bakekang has dreamed of and the other one turns out to be ugly. Bakekang becomes a doting mother to her beautiful daughter Kristal (Lovi Poe), whom she later pushes to become an actress, while the other daughter Charming (Yasmien Kurdi) grows up ignored and unloved by her mother.
She is a loving heart trapped beneath an ugly facade, ignored and unappreciated by those who fail to see beyond what is skin-deep. Bakekang is a woman whose only desire is to feel a little affection from the world that has deprived her of everything she has always longed for. Through Kristal, Bakekang will feel the kind of attention she longs for.
The unusual face of an unlikely heroine will emerge to present a riveting story of an ugly woman’s rise from a sorry state of ridicule to the pedestal of triumph and coveted fame.
Finale.
"Bakekang"'s finale was aired on March 30 in the Philippines. There was a showdown concert between the sisters-now-rivals Kristal and Charming/Karisma.
The showdown between Karisma and Kristal was filmed with a live audience in the AFP Theatre on March 30.
In the finale episode, Karisma announced that she and Kristal are indeed sisters. Herman (Victor Neri) saw Valeria (Sheryl Cruz)'s henchman, who was about to kill Charming, and stopped him. Bakekang went up to the stage to beg for forgiveness from her daughters for her sins but Valeria came out to shoot her. Kristal tried to stop her but ended up getting shot. Kristal dies.
While visiting Kristal's grave, with Bakekang, Marta (Manilyn Reynes) and Paking (Marky Lopez) saw a child named "Michael." They took the boy in to live under their wing. Kristof left to visit Valeria in the US, after finding out that she is dying. Joshua (Rainier Castillo) confessed his love for Charming. The ending ends with the wedding of Bakekang and Herman.
During the special finale live show, the special guest was the creator of "Bakekang", Carlo J. Caparas.
Soundtrack.
There is no definitive soundtrack for Bakekang, but the following songs have been credited and played in the series:
Popularity.
Bubble Gang Presents "Bakokang".
Bubble Gang, GMA Network's highly rated gag show, spoofed Bakekang and renamed it as "Bakokang" and changing the names of the cast into Bakokang (Bakekang) played by Michael V., Marte (Marta) played by Ogie Alcasid, Pistof (Kristof) played by Wendell Ramos and Mebra (Deborah) played by Antonio Aquitania.
Ironically, Wendell Ramos was the original first choice to play Kristof for the teledrama, his character in Bakokang is the spoof of Kristof.
Replay.
Due to the high rating of Bakekang on its finale, the highest in the series with 39.7% against Maging Sino Ka Man's 19.4%, a 2 hour Bakekang finale week was set on Maundy Thursday from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. The replay also received high ratings against its rival show.
In Super Twins.
Many episodes in the GMA Network Philippine drama Super Twins shows many scenes where characters were watching Bakekang in their television screens. This was last highlighted in the second to last episode of Super Twins.
There are also many references to Bakekang throughout the 78 episodes of Super Twins.
Remake.
Bakekang creator Carlo J. Caparas and his wife-producer Donna Villa has already started production for the new movie version of Bakekang. The story will be about Bakekang and her childhood days. It will be produced by GMA Network's film outfit GMA Films, and Villa's Golden Lion Films.
Caparas was so impressed of Sunshine Dizon's performance, he wants her to play the role of Bakekang once more on the silver screen. If the script is approved by the MMFF committee, the movie will be screened for the 2007 Metro Manila Film Festival. The movie did not push through due to unknown reasons.
International release.
Worldwide Exportation after the success of Bakekang in The Philippines, the series was also shown in Malaysia via TV2 and in Singapore and repeat telecast in Malaysia on Astro Bella starts every Mon-Fri 2 December 2013 at 11 am(Coming soon). It earned good reviews from the watchers.

</doc>
<doc id="9837267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837267" title="Khaled El Sheikh">
Khaled El Sheikh

Khaled El Sheikh (Arabic: خالد الشيخ), or Khalid Al-Shaikh, born in Bahrain on 23 September 1958 is a Bahraini singer. Married with 5 daughters (Dareen, Noor, Marwa, Samawa, and Wanas). Honored in 12th Bahrain International Musical Festival on 14 October 2003.
Honored by Culture & Arts Directorate, Ministry of Information for best music and sound effects for Akhbar AlMajnoon play on 6 July 2005.
Education.
El Sheikh graduated from Secondary Education in Bahrain in 2009. He joined Kuwait University, Economic & Political Science College for three years (2009–2012).
Participation in Festivals.
Khalid AlSheikh received numerous awards and certificates of appreciation and honor throughout his career:
A certificate of appreciation and honor of the festival of Eid art Iraq 1985 
A guest of honor and appreciation in the Arab Song Festival VI, primarily in Bahrain 1996 
Testimony in honor of the Bahrain International Festival XI Music Bahraini October 2003 
The prize for best music and sound effects, "the formation of music and songs" 2005 
Shield pilot astronauts Arab music in the Doha Song Festival VIII January 2007
Songs and Music Works.
Own Albums:
Kulama Kunta Bequrbi, 1983.
Mudeer Al Rah, 1984.
Ya Ubaid, 1985.
Kamanjeh, 1986.
Naam Naam, 1987.
Abu Ishaq, 1988.
Elab Elab, 1989.
Gazali, 1991.
Atash El Nakheel, 1992.
Faces (Wojooh), 1997.
Impossible (Mustaheel), 1998.
Safe Place for Love (Makan Aamen Lelhub), 2000.
Rehlat Elgajar, 2002.
Sabah El Lail, 2004.
Esmi Wa Meladi, 2005.
Theater Play Works.
Land that does not grew flowers.
Birds Home.
Children Visits Al Maari.
Laila & Wolf.
Hamama Nudi Nudi.
Wonderland.
Al Baraha.
Bee & Lion.
Drums.
Boby dog Story.
TV Works.
Alwafaa Night, Kuwait TV.
Ibn Akl, Bahrain TV.
Bu Jassim Sons, Bahrain TV.
Malfa AlAyaweed, Bahrain TV.
Hassan & Noor AlSana, Bahrain TV.
Sadoon, Bahrain TV.
Neeran, Bahrain TV.
Ramadhaniyat, Bahrain TV.
Sadeem, Bahrain TV., 2002.
Suwalef Dunya, Qatar TV, 2005.
Shows.
Awal (In the occasion of Sultan Qabus Visit).
Sada AlAshwaq.
Greeting to Abu Salman.
Causway of Love (In the occasion of King Fahad).
Muharraq (In the occasion of King Hamad Visit).
Songs for Arabs Singers.
- Bahrain:
Ahmed AlJumairi
Ebrahim Habib
Abdulla BuQais
Jassim AlHarban
Husam Ahmed
Huda Abdulla
Mohammed Abdul Rahim
Mahmoud Hussain
Hend
Adel Mahmoud
Jaffar Habib
Mohammed AlBakri
Mohammed Yousif
Aref AlZayani
- Kuwait:
Mustafa Ahmed
Abdulla Al Ruwaished
Greed ElShatei
AlAnood
Mohammed AlBalooshi
- Qatar:
Ali AbdulSatar
- Oman:
Ahmed AlHarthi
Hakeem Aayel
Mohammed Al Makheeni
Salem Mahaad
Samah
El Yaqubi
- UAE:
Abdulla BalKhair
Ruwaida AlMahrooqi
- Saudi Arabia:
Abdul Majeed Abdulla
Rashid Al Majid
Abdulla Rashad
Adel Kamis
- Morocco:
Raja BalMaleeh
- Egypt:
Gada Rajab
Angam
- Tunisia:
Nawal Gasham
External links.
- A safe place for love: http://www.alshaikh.com
- Forums Khalid AlSheikh: http://www.khalidalshaikh-fans.com
- Musical Library for Khalid AlSheikh: http://www.khalidalshaikh-fans.com/music_library/index.htm

</doc>
<doc id="9837350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837350" title="The Black Tattoo">
The Black Tattoo

The Black Tattoo is a young adult fantasy novel by Sam Enthoven, published in 2006. It deals with a boy, Charlie, becoming possessed by a demon that manifests itself in the form of a black tattoo on his body.
The audiobook, read by John Lee, won a "Publishers Weekly" "Listen Up" Award in 2006 and was picked by YALSA as one of their "Selected Audiobooks for Young Adults" in 2008.
Plot summary.
The story begins with Charlie, whose parents are recently divorced, meeting his father in a restaurant with his best friend Jack Farrell. They leave the restaurant, however, soon after entering. Soon afterward, Charlie is unknowingly possessed by a demon known as the Scourge. He also joins the society known as The Brotherhood Of Sleep, who imprisoned the Scourge in the roots of a tree until one of their own released him. With Charlie's help, the Scourge manages to first kill all the members of the Brotherhood, save for the girl Esme, who has trained all her life to kill the demon. Soon after the death of their members, a possessed Charlie gets into a gateway to Hell, which is essentially a Roman Empire of sorts composed of demonesque species and even gladiator pits. Soon after reaching Hell, The Scourge's true goal is revealed: He wishes to awaken "the dragon" who created the universe, and upon awakening he will destroy it again. Suddenly, it is up to Jack, Esme, and a team of soldiers to stop Charlie and the Scourge from destroying the universe.
Characters.
Jack is the main protagonist. He is killed in Hell but reincarnated by God who makes "some changes" though it is not revealed what they really are. It is mentioned that Jack is "part Demon" by his Chinj. Chinjs are small bat like creatures who bond with one specific person (usually a demon) and work as a sort of companion and minor servant. One of a Chinj's powers is that it can regulate Jack's digestive system and transfer needed nutrients to his body
Charlie is the boy possessed by the Scourge. He nearly ends the Universe, but is stopped by Jack and Esme. Initially, the discovery of his demonic powers gives him a sense of strength and invulnerability, as being able to fly, use magic and manipulate others increases his headstrong nature. Soon, the power corrupts his mind, allowing the Scourge to burrow into his darkened soul, controlling him entirely and making him attack his companions. After being transported to hell, the Scourge convinces him that his tattered family and ruined life is not worth keeping and asks him to help him overthrow the emperor of hell instead. However, Charlie believes that he is a counterpart to the Scourge, although he is in fact a simple pawn, a puppet.
Esme is the daughter of Felix who when Esme was conceived was possessed by The Scourge, though this is not originally known. Esme thought her father was Raymond, but on the night she was conceived Felix had magically transformed to look like Raymond in order to get one night of happiness with Esme's mother. She trained her entire life to fight the Scourge, and is extraordinarily talented in the martial arts, flying, and art. 
Raymond is a large burly man with a long black beard. Initially, he strikes a resemblance to the character Rubeus Hagrid from the Harry Potter book series. He is a master of martial arts and is also highly trained sword craftsman. He is Esme's father, training her and teaching her the arts of battling demons, however, as he sees his once peaceful daughter become a toned fighting machine, he regrets having started.
His method of sword crafting involves creating a blade, then breaking it into shards of metal which he then feeds to several tamed pigeons, mixed with their birdseed. He then collects their excrements, which still have the shards inside them, and melts the pieces down again and feeds them once again to the pigeons. each time the pieces are digested, they are hardened and worn down, becoming more powerful each time. after having collected the shards several times, he finally forges them back into a blade, which has been made close to invincible by the digesting process: this method has aptly named the blade the Pigeon Sword.
The Scourge is the primary antagonist of the story. An immensely powerful demon created by the Dragon, the Scourge is imprisoned on Earth to stop it from fulfilling its nefarious plan. A vicious, dedicated fanatic, the Scourge plans to wake the Dragon and bring the universe to an end, creating what the Scourge believes to be a "pure, silent Void". 
The Scourge possesses incredible powers, including (but in no way limited to) telekinesis, mind control, astral projection, flying, super speed, incredible skill in the martial arts, etc. However, the Scourge has one weakness: it needs a host to survive. Although it doesn't necessarily have to stay with the possesses person at all times, it must possess "somebody" or it will wither and die. The plotline of the novel is motivated by the Scourge's possession of Charlie.
The Scourge appears as an intricate web of black tattoos on its host's body, but when in its separated physical form, it appears as a featureless humanoid composed of an inky black liquid.
They are a team of approximately thirty individuals of several walks of life. They were assembled by the enigmatic *Number One* and have dedicated their lives to battling the forces of Hell. They are akin to a more equipped version of the Brotherhood of Sleep, armed with powerful firearms and advanced technology. They are led by an inept, cowardly soldier known as second-in-command Number Two, who will only take orders from Number One, whom he has never actually met. He dislikes his counterpart, the French gentleman Number Three, who disagrees on his methods of violence and harsh actions.

</doc>
<doc id="9837357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837357" title="Richard Vobes">
Richard Vobes

Richard Vobes is an entertainer, actor, independent film maker, writer and award winning podcaster. He has produced close to 3,000 audio podcasts since January 2005. He has worked in both the corporate and broadcast sector. He trained in mime, was self-taught in various circus skills and experienced in both 16mm film and video production.
Biography.
Born in Liss in Hampshire, 1963, moved to Horsham in West Sussex when he was five and attended the Forest School for Boys in until he left education in 1979. He worked in commercial printing and repro-graphics for a couple of years, became sound engineer, mime teacher amongst other short term employment.
He attended various drama courses and spent a year at the Desmond Jones School of Mime in London in the mid Eighties.
During this period, Vobes worked within the television industry as a Walk On role in numerous British television programmes, including; The Bill, Hercule Poirot, London's Burning, Eastenders, Wish Me Luck, Waiting for God.
Vobes also developed a children's television character, Percy Peeverly and wrote and hosted three series of Cartoon shows for the Services Sound and Vision Corporation for overseas transmissions to British Army based.
The corporate entertain industry, as well as festival, fetes and gala events saw him perform various street theatre and circus skill performances including juggling, uni-cycling, fire-eating, ladder walking, global walking and of course mime. He also performed feats such as walking on glass, robotics, lying on a bed of nails and walking on a slack rope.
As a mime performer Richard toured around the country in 1980's with a one man show called Tiny Aeroplanes and numerous other productions. He set up the Toadstool Theatre Company and appeared the Stirling festival among many others.
In 1994, Vobes developed and produced a pilot episode of a children's television episode entitled Snug and Cozi. This was shot on 16mm film and pitched to the industry. It was subsequently picked up by the ITV Network and produced by Scottish Television and broadcast on CITV (Children's ITV). Series one in 1996 and Series Two in 1997.
Vobes set up Vobavision, a television production company in the mid nineties to produce and pitch further television ideas for which much credit was given on the quality of the video pitches he presented.
The Internet offered an interesting way to provide entertainment directly to the consumer and Vobes began his daily podcast, The Vobes Show and behind the scenes show, The Naked Englishman from 2005 and continues to record and up load this to a loyal listener base across the world.
In August 2005 Vobes was awarded the 2005 People's Choice Podcast Awards Winner for its soundseeing tours. The show was sponsored by its listeners to make two excursions to America to record a series of podcasts as they carried out various road tips.
In 2006 Vobes discovered he had been infected with Acanthamoeba Keratitis, a blinding condition in his left eye caught from contact lenses. This attacked his left cornea over a prolonged period and in October 2010, the eye had to be removed. He now wears a prosthesis.
In 2011, Vobes launched a new documentary video series online exploring British history and travel, entitled The Bald Explorer. http://www.BaldExplorer.com.
The first three episodes of The Bald Explorer were broadcast on the Community Channel in October 2012 which a further three due to be transmitted in late Feb/March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9837369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837369" title="WSVA">
WSVA

WSVA is a News/Talk/Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Harrisonburg, Virginia, serving the Central Shenandoah Valley. WSVA is owned and operated by M. Belmont VerStandig, Inc.
History.
WSVA went on the air on June 9, 1935 with 500 watts of power. It was the first radio station to serve Virginia's Shenandoah Valley. Although it appears that the call letters stand for Shenandoah VAlley, they actually stand for We Serve Virginia Agriculture." The station was affiliated with NBC, and offered news, agricultural programs, music and other items of local interest. Bluegrass singer Mac Wiseman worked at the station as a news reader and disc jockey in the 1940s. 
WSVA was originally owned by Frederick L. Allman. In 1946, it spawned the Valley's first FM station, WSVA-FM (now WQPO), and in 1953 it added a television station, WSVA-TV (now WHSV-TV). Allman sold his stations to a partnership of Transcontinent Television and former NBC executive Hamilton Shea in 1956, earning a handsome return on his investment of 21 years earlier. In 1959, the "Washington Evening Star", owner of WMAL AM-FM-TV in Washington, D.C., bought Transcontinent's share of the stations, as well as 1% of Shea's stake. Michigan businessman James Gilmore bought the WSVA stations in 1965. Gilmore sold off channel 3 in 1976, but held onto the radio stations until 1987, when he sold them to VerStandig.
Programming.
The WSVA morning show, known as "Early Mornings" airs from 5:30 a.m. to 10 a.m. and features hosts Jim Britt and Frank Wilt along with news reported by Karl Magenhofer.
"Midday's" with Jim Britt airs between 10 and 11 a.m. and features local guests discussing local government leaders, gardening, pets, high tech news, health and aging.
"The Tag Sale" airs Friday mornings between 10 and 11 a.m. and gives listenings a chance to buy,sell and giveaway items by calling into the program.

</doc>
<doc id="9837398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837398" title="First Time (Morning Musume album)">
First Time (Morning Musume album)

Overview.
It was released on July 8, 1998 and sold 310,290 copies. It had ten of their top selling songs from the beginning of their career, including "Ai no Tane" and "Morning Coffee".

</doc>
<doc id="9837402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837402" title="Singleton, Lancashire">
Singleton, Lancashire

Singleton is a village and civil parish in Lancashire, England. It is situated on the coastal plain called The Fylde. It is located south-east of Poulton-le-Fylde, and at the 2001 census had a population of 877. The parish is sometimes referred to as two parts – Great Singleton is the larger part containing the village, and Little Singleton is a small area north of the village bordering the River Wyre.
Singleton railway station once served the village as part of the Preston and Wyre Joint Railway. The station was situated west of the village, on the road to Blackpool.
Singleton's parish church is St Anne's, designed by Lancaster architect Edward Graham Paley and completed in 1861. It has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
History.
At the time of the Roman conquest of Britain in the 1st century AD, the area around Singleton was inhabited by a Celtic tribe called the Setantii. The village was recorded in the "Domesday Book" of 1086 as "Singletun".
In 2011, drilling equipment was installed at Grange Hill, east of the village, to test for shale gas in the Bowland shale formation around 3 km below the surface. In 2013 Cuadrilla and Centrica made plans for hydraulic fracturing, commonly known as fracking, at the site.
Governance.
Singleton is combined with Greenhalgh-with-Thistleton to form the ward of Singleton and Greenhalgh, which elects one councillor. it is represented by Maxine Chew, an independent councillor. Singleton also has a parish council.
The village is represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom as part of Fylde. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Since the 2010 general election, Fylde has been represented at Parliament by Conservative MP Mark Menzies. The village is also part of the North West England constituency of the European Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="9837437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837437" title="Clue Mysteries (book series)">
Clue Mysteries (book series)

Clue (or Cluedo) Mysteries (sometimes called Clue Mysteries, 15 whodunits to solve in minutes) are two books released in 2003 and 2004 based upon the Clue board game. Both were written by Canadian author, Vicki Cameron. Cameron currently lives in Ontario.
Overview.
Each book contains fifteen mysteries, set up in a similar fashion to the 1990s book series, but meant for a more mature audience. However, the Clue Mysteries have some comic absurdity like the 1990s series. The characters take on names similar to the North American version but more often than not have backstories nearer to the European. The setting is at the Hampshire Mansion, Tudor Hall in 1926 Interwar Britain.
The original author, Nigel Tappin, backed out of the project and Canadian mystery author Vicki Cameron took over, finishing two books.
Storyline.
John Boddy will rightfully inherit both Tudor Hall and his deceased uncle Sir Hugh Black's vast fortune on his upcoming thirtieth birthday. For one reason or another, Hugh had put Boddy, Peacock, Scarlet, Mustard, Green and Plum on a generous monthly allowance for years. (The poor maid, it seems, never saw a penny; she lives at the mansion in exchange for cooking and cleaning.) 
While Boddy spent his allowance wisely, investing and being select with his purchases, the others had all been taking greedy advantages while Hugh was alive, cheating him out of more money over the years and blowing their allowances on frivolity. Boddy, upon claiming Hugh's fortune, stands to end that immediately, with plans to cut them all off once the inheritance is official. With that, all the guests have a motive.
Book format.
Mr. Boddy is murdered at some point in every chapter, only to re-appear—and be murdered again in the next, almost as if that mystery stands alone. Each mystery is a different version of the main plot, Mr. Boddy's murder, unlike the original series. The murderer and motive changes for each story. Compared to the 1990 series, these stories are more complex, filled with more dialogue and Britishisms, such as "post". Only two books were made.

</doc>
<doc id="9837510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837510" title="Brădești, Harghita">
Brădești, Harghita

Brădești (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania. The commune is composed of two villages:
History.
Until the reorganization of the system of the local administration of Transylvania in 1876, the village belonged to the Udvarhelyszék, then, from 1876 till 1918, to Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, it became part of Romania.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely Hungarian majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 1,908; of which 98.64% or 1,882 are Hungarian. 

</doc>
<doc id="9837525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837525" title="Loimaa railway station">
Loimaa railway station

Loimaa railway station (Finnish "Loimaan asema"; Swedish "Loimaa station") is located in the town of Loimaa, Finland. The station is located almost exactly halfway between the Turku Central and Toijala railway stations, making it an important place along the track.
The station was taken into use when the track was completed in 1876. The station building was probably designed by Knut Nylander, who was the building designer of the VR Group at that time. The plans for the station haven't been signed, however.
The station is located in the central area of the town of Loimaa, at the crossing point of the railroad, Finnish National Road 9 and Finnish local road 213. All passenger trains stop at Loimaa, and it also serves cargo traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="9837554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837554" title="Maharaja (1998 film)">
Maharaja (1998 film)

Maharaja is a 1998 bollywood supernatural superhero film directed by Anil Sharma. It stars Govinda and Manisha Koirala in the title roles. It is about the struggle of a prince with supernatural powers to get his kingdom back. After the surprise big hit of Mr. India as a superhero movie, Maharaja came out with a bigger budget film in the same genre.
Maharaja is considered to be a pioneer in Hindi superhero films. 
Plot.
Fearing his death, Ranbir Singh (Salim Ghouse) decides to kill Kohinoor when he is a child, in vain though. After 20 years Kohinoor (Govinda) returns to claim his rightful place in the kingdom. He has developed advanced powers over matter and animals, which he uses to his advance to free his nanny, Ameenabi (Aruna Irani) who is being held by Ranbir and his associates. Kohinoor must pass numerous tests, including being exploited by a television reporter, Shaili Mathur (Manisha Koirala), who claims that she loves him; and fight hungry, blinded, man-eating lions.
Reception.
The film went on to become one of the biggest hits of the year and Govinda was in the top league.

</doc>
<doc id="9837615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837615" title="Oswego">
Oswego

Oswego may refer to:
Place names.
United States:

</doc>
<doc id="9837634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837634" title="Dominique de Gourgue">
Dominique de Gourgue

Dominique (or Domingue) de Gourgue (1530–1593) was a French nobleman and soldier. He is best known for leading an attack against the Spanish in Florida in 1568, in response to the destruction of the French Fort Caroline. He was a captain in King Charles IX's army.
Youth.
De Gourgue's early life is not well known. He came from the old and powerful family of Gourgue, one of the most important families of the French city of Bordeaux. He served in the Italian wars under Maréchal de Strozzi, was captured by Spaniards in 1557, and then by the Turks, and served several years in the galleys. After his return to France, he made a voyage to Brazil and the West Indies, and then entered the service of Duke de Guise, and was employed against the Huguenots.
Situation in the colonies.
Philip II of Spain was a Catholic king who hated Protestants and considered them heretics, including the French Huguenots. His troops were ordered to kill any they found in the colonies. Thus, in 1565 there was a notorious massacre around Fort Caroline in what is now Jacksonville, Florida, by troops under Pedro Menéndez de Avilés. After capturing the fort and slaying nearly all his prisoners, Menéndez hung their bodies on trees, with the inscription, “Not as Frenchmen but as Lutherans.” The massacre aroused indignation in France among Protestants and Roman Catholics alike. The king sent complaints to the Spanish court, but Menéndez and his associates, instead of being punished for the deed, received rewards and honors.

</doc>
<doc id="9837649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837649" title="Windows Imaging Component">
Windows Imaging Component

The Windows Imaging Component (WIC) is a Component Object Model based imaging codec framework introduced in Windows Vista and Windows XP Service Pack 3 for working with and processing digital images and image metadata. It allows applications supporting the framework to automatically get support of installed codecs for graphics file formats. 
It is similar to DirectShow, or ACM/VCM, in that it can be extended using image codecs and can support third-party graphics formats on a system-wide basis. Additionally, Windows Presentation Foundation applications also automatically support the installed image codecs. Codecs for RAW image formats used by high-end professional digital cameras are also supported in this manner. 
WIC enables application developers to perform image processing operations on any image format through a single set of common APIs, without requiring prior knowledge of specific image formats. By writing a codec once for WIC, developers can get system-wide support for that graphics file format in all applications that use WIC, .NET 3.x or WPF.
Features.
Windows Imaging Component provides an extensible architecture for image codecs, pixel formats, and metadata, with automatic run-time discovery of new formats. It supports reading and writing of arbitrary metadata in image files, with the ability to preserve unrecognized metadata during editing. While working with images, it preserves high bit depth image data, up to 32 bits per channel, throughout the revamped high dynamic range image processing pipeline built into Windows Vista.
Windows Imaging Component supports Windows Color System, the ICC V4-compliant color management technology in Windows Vista.
Codecs.
By default, Windows Vista ships with the JPEG, TIFF, GIF, PNG, BMP and HD Photo encoder and decoder codecs, and an .ICO decoder. Additionally, as of 2009, some camera manufacturers and 3rd-parties have released WIC codecs for proprietary raw image formats, enabling Mac-like raw image support to Windows 7 and Vista. In July 2011, this was extended significantly by Microsoft itself by providing a separate Codec Pack for most current digital cameras.
Metadata.
WIC supports Exchangeable Image File (Exif), PNG textual metadata, image file directory (IFD), IPTC Information Interchange Model (IPTC), and Extensible Metadata Platform (XMP) formats. In addition, WIC includes an extensible framework to support third-party metadata implementations.
Metadata format support is per-codec. For example, the native JPEG codec supports XMP but the native GIF and PNG codecs do not.
Usage.
WIC in Microsoft products.
In Windows Vista: Windows Explorer, Windows Photo Gallery and Windows Live Photo Gallery Viewer are based on "Windows Imaging Component" and can thus view/organize images in any format for which the WIC codecs are installed.
Starting with Windows 7, Windows Media Center (available on Windows 7 Home Premium and above) is WIC-enabled. The GDI+ graphic library, used by many native application and underneath .NET 2's System.Drawing, is also built on top of WIC, although GDI+ will not load 3rd-party or external codecs. The WIC stack itself underwent a major overhaul and is now free threaded, and so are all the built-in and external codecs shipping with the operating system. Being free threaded is also a requirement for new codecs targeting Windows 7.
WIC is also available for Windows XP as a standalone download or as part of .NET Framework 3.0. A PowerToy for Windows XP from Microsoft, known as "Photo Info", which allows viewing and editing image metadata from Windows Explorer, also uses WIC. 
Microsoft Expression Design's import and export capabilities are entirely based on WIC Expression Media Service Pack 1 and later also supports additional RAW camera formats and HD Photo using WIC.
Third-party support.
As of 2007, few third-party imaging applications (image editors, image organizers and image viewers) utilize WIC. 
FastPictureViewer, a simple standalone third-party image viewer, supports standard image formats along with HD Photo and RAW camera formats (NRW, NEF, CR2, DNG) using WIC. An experimental WIC import plug-in for Adobe Photoshop can also be found on FastPictureViewer's website. 
From version 3.6.0.76 IMatch also supports WIC.
External links.
Available WIC Codecs:

</doc>
<doc id="9837660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837660" title="White River Railroad (Vermont)">
White River Railroad (Vermont)

The White River Railroad was an intrastate railroad in southeastern Vermont. It ran from Bethel, Vermont to Rochester, Vermont, a distance of approximately 19 miles.
History.
Planning for the White River Valley Electric Railroad began in 1896, and the line was charted along the course of the White River. The name was changed to White River Valley Railroad and finally White River Railroad before construction began in 1899. The first train arrived in Rochester in December 1900. Because the railroad followed the course of the White River closely, it was frequently damaged by floods. Like most railroads in Vermont, it was heavily damaged by the great Flood of November, 1927. Though the railroad was fully rebuilt the following year, the Great Depression reduced traffic to fatal levels, and the railroad was abandoned in 1933.
Stations.
The railroad stopped at the following locations from east to west:
References.
Jones, Robert C., "Railroads of Vermont, Volume II", 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9837690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837690" title="Semana">
Semana

Semana (Spanish: Week) is the most important weekly magazine of opinion and analysis in Colombia. It was founded in 1982 by journalist Felipe López Caballero. The name had previously belonged to a Colombian weekly that was founded in 1946 by Alberto Lleras Camargo (who would become president of Colombia in 1958) and that folded in 1961. 
Semana, which has won several international prizes and has more than a million readers, is considered required reading for Colombia's political, economic, and cultural elite. “In the history of journalism in Colombia,” reads a profile of López by a Colombian writer, “there is a 'before Semana' and an 'after Semana,' because, in effect, before May 1982 such a thing didn't exist...the press in this country was an extension of the political parties.” The same profile notes that “at least 80 percent of all the political scandals that have occurred in Colombia in the last 30 years have been exposed by Semana.” "The Washington Post", "The New York Times" and "The Economist" have all called Semana the best magazine in Latin America.
Over time, the magazine Semana developed into Publicaciones Semana, a magazine group which publishes several other major periodicals in Colombia and neighboring countries. Dinero is Colombia's major economics and business magazine; SoHo is its most successful men's magazine; Fucsia is a women's magazine; Jet Set covers celebrity news; Semana Jr. is for children; Blog is for teenagers; and Arcadia is a cultural review. Each of these magazines has its own website: Dinero.com; Soho.com.co; Jetset.com.co; Revistaarcadia.com; Revistafucsia.com, and Blog.com.co. In addition, Publicaciones Semana runs the website Planb.com.co, a comprehensive online guide to entertainment and culture. 
Publicaciones Semana's foreign periodicals include SoHo Ecuador, which began publication in 2002; SoHo Costa Rica, which was started in 2006; and Fucsia Ecuador, which has been published since 2004.
The website Semana.com offers all the contents of the magazine Semana and also provides exclusive daily coverage of political and social developments. It is the second most visited website in Colombia. 
On Thursdays and Fridays, the TV channel Cable Noticias runs a current-events program called Debates Semana, run by Publicaciones Semana. 
Semana was directed by Mauricio Vargas between 1983 and 1997, and by Isaac Lee Possin between 1997 and 2000. Alejandro Santos Rubino has been its director since 2000.
Editorial staff.
Semana.
The editor-in-chief of Semana is Álvaro Sierra Restrepo; general editor, Luz María Sierra; advisory editor, Francisco Miranda H.; editorial director, Mauricio Sáenz; consulting editors, María Teresa Ronderos and Marta Ruiz; editors, Armando Neira (nation), Gloria Valencia (economy and business), Mauricio Sáenz (world), Ricardo Calderón (public order), Carlos Eduardo Huertas (investigation), José Fernando Hoyos (Bogota), Silvia Camargo (modern life), Angélica Sánchez (general producer), José Ángel Báez (specials), Felipe Restrepo Pombo (culture).
Other staffers include Catalina Lobo-Guerrero (investigation), Paula Durán, César Paredes (politics), Camilo Jiménez Santofimio (special reports), Jacqueline Guevara Mundo Nathan Jaccard (economy and business), Leonardo Niño (modern life), María Paula Laguna, Natalia Marriaga Martínez (people), Cristina Castro (environment), Mario Niño (production), Paula Bravo, Angie Palacio, Liz Margarita Matías (specials), Juan Carlos Garay, Emilio Sanmiguel (music), Luis Fernando Afanador (books), Manuel Kalmanovitz G. (film), Diego Garzón (art). 
Semana's foreign correspondents are Juan Carlos Iragorri (Washington), Catalina Gómez (Teheran), Patricia Lee (Buenos Aires), Nancy Guzmán (Santiago, Chile), Liza López (Caracas), Paula Kling (New York), Carmen Alicia Córdoba (Rome), Alexánder Prieto Osorno (Madrid), Orlando Gómez León (Quito), Adriana Cooper (Tel Aviv), and Sergio Peñaranda (París). Its photography editor is León Darío Peláez, and its photographers include Juan Carlos Sierra, Guillermo Torres, Daniel Reina Romero, and Diana Sánchez Muñoz. The creative director is Hernán Sansone. 
Semana.com.
The director of Semana.com is Armando Neira; Harold Abueta is subdirector; Leonardo Gómez is editor. The journalists include Rodrigo Urrego, Juan Pablo Gómez, Samuel Salinas, María del Pilar Camargo, Laura María Ayala, Camilo Rueda, and Antonio Paz. Carlos Arango and César Moreno are in charge of multimedia; Fabian Cristancho deals with social networks; Adriana Camacho is copyeditor.
Its current opinion columnists include Daniel Coronell, María Jimena Duzín, León Valencia, and Antonio Caballero.
“New media” staff.
The director of “new media” is Sergio Quijano Llano; the general editor is Tatiana Márquez Robledo; the technology director is Diego Moreno Gómez; the system engineers are Wilson Leonardo Parrado, Rodrigo Rueda, Miguel Giovanny Cruz, Miguel Angel López, Sandra Coronel, and Camilo Porras; the
designers are Juan Carlos Salazar, Diego Ruiz Hoyos, Raúl Corredor, Miguel Pinto; the videographers are Diego Llorente, Juan Zapata, Sindy López, Santiago Duque, and Camilo Bonilla. The “new media” staff also includes the following editors and journalists:
Publicaciones Semana.
The general director is Elena Mesa Zuleta; the commercial director is Isabel Cristina Calle Villa; the circulation director is Iván Jaramillo Price; the marketing director is Truddy Harker García; and the 
financial and administrative director is Felipe Albán Daza.
Semana's former former columnists include Héctor Abad Faciolince, Rafael Nieto, María Isabel Rueda, Hernando Gómez Buendía, and Alfredo Rangel. Its previous directors were Mauricio Vargas (1983-1997), Isaac Lee (1997-2000), and Alejandro Santos Rubino (2000 – present). 
History.
Lleras's Semana.
The original incarnation of Semana was founded in 1946 by Alberto Lleras Camargo, who would later become President of Colombia. The magazine's politics were liberal. It folded in 1961. 
López's Semana.
Felipe López Caballero founded the current Semana in 1982. Born in 1947, he attended the Liceo Frances in Bogota, lived in Boston, graduated from Nueva Granada Military College in Bogota, lived in Germany, attended the London School of Economics, earned an MBA in Switzerland, and worked in London for the Federation of Coffee Growers. He was 35 years old when he decided to start a magazine in 1982, and he took two earlier Colombian magazines as models. One was Alberto Lleras Camargo's Semana; the other was Alternativa, a left-wing weekly published by Enrique Santos and Gabriel García Márquez. The foreign magazines that he strove to imitate were Time and Newsweek. 
Recalling the prestige that had been enjoyed by Lleras's magazine, López asked for, and was given, permission to use the same name. López set up shop in a shabby set of offices, purchased used desks and typewriters from Alternativa, and set about developing “the first publication of independent journalism in the country's history.” His first issue came out on Monday, May 12, 1982. Its cover story was about terrorism. Since then it has continued, according to the above-cited profile of López, to be “a bastion of critical, rigorous journalism.”
During the 1980s and 80s, Publicaciones Semana grew immensely. Over time, López came to be compared to Charles Foster Kane, the newspaper magnate who is the protagonist of the American film Citizen Kane. The author of the profile of López suggested that the key to Semana's success could be expressed in one word: “independence.” Cecilia Orozco, a member of the Colombian government who is a friend of López's, has said that “he would love to have a pro-government magazine” but knows that it is important for Semana to maintain its independence. 
Some of Semana's most important reporting has been about Pablo Escobar, the drug trafficking kingpin. In the 1980s, López was one of the two “big whistleblowers and critics” of drug trafficking. Since then, however, the magazine has become less exclusively political.
The profile of López notes that when he travels, he “doesn't leave the hotel until lunchtime. He spends his morning thinking about the next issue of Semana...His room looks like an editorial office, with plates of food and magazines on the floor. The guy can't stay quiet. He doesn't sit down, watches five TV channels at once, reads three article at a time.”
Proceso 8000.
Semana's coverage of Proceso 8000, the unofficial name of the legal investigation of events surrounding accusations that Ernesto Samper's 1994 presidential campaign was partially funded with drug money, was the high point of the magazine's influence, in the view of López and many others. Yet while the magazine covered Samper's activities with brutal honesty, López never fell out personally with Samper. Once he invited Samper and radio journalist Julio Sánchez Cristo, a fierce Samper critic, to lunch in hopes of making peace between them. Samper told López “you have been very harsh ,” and Sanchez injected that López had been harsh out of conviction, while he (Sanchez) had done it for money.
Samper/Montoya story.
The profile of López notes that he “was in London in September 1995 when Jorge Lesmes, a reporter for Semana, obtained the audio of the conversation between President Ernesto Samper and the wife of a narcotrafficker, Elizabeth Montoya de Sarria...It was a friendly dialogue, in which she offered him a ring to give to his wife as a gift. They discussed personal matters...in the context of the trial investigating the financing by the mafia of the Samper campaign, it was a historical revelation.” López did not want to publish a story about this conversation, because it was personal. But his editors did, and on Friday, the day that week's issue was supposed to close, his editors all handed in their resignations. The closing of the issue was put off to Saturday. López consulted a friend and advisor, María Elvira Samper, who told him: “Publísh it, Felipe.” He decided to do so, under a headline asking, “Should Ernesto Samper resign?” His editor, thus placated, returned to work. But on Sunday, drug lord Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela was captured, requiring that the issue be remade with a whole new cover story.
Recent years.
In recent years, Semana has been critical of the administration of Álvaro Uribe Vélez and has also taken on Colombian guerrilla and paramilitary groups. In May 2009, Semana opposed a possible second re-election of Uribe, arguing that “a third term...would have serious institutional repercussions” and that keeping Uribe in power would only aggravate the “erosion of separation of powers that has taken place during these seven years.” While acknowledging that “the popularity of the President...is undeniable and probably deserved,” Semana concluded that a third term for Uribe would, on the whole, be inadvisable. 
On the occasion of its 30th anniversary in 2012, Semana was described as “one of the major and largest publications in the Americas” by Finanzas.com, which observed that its history had been “tied up with the most important events in Columbia” and that it had “recorded our country's most significant successes.” Although there had been great changes in Colombia, the magazine's principles had “not changed in these thirty years.”
Attempt on Calderon.
In May 2013, Ricardo Calderon, the prize-winning investigative editor of Semana, was surprised by gunmen “when he stopped to relieve himself by the side of a rural road.” The men shot “five bullets into his car as he dove into a ditch, escaping unscathed.” Calderon thought he had been successful in keeping a low profile and being unrecognizable to the public – “there is no photograph of me anywhere,” he said afterwards – but now he was obliged to be accompanied by eight police bodyguards (later reduced to three). The Associated Press noted that at the time of the murder attempt Calderon had been working on an investigative series about “the scandalously luxurious life of military officers jailed for crimes including murder and crimes against humanity at Tolemaida army base.” Although a great many local journalists in Colombia have been murdered over the last few decades, this was, according to the Associated Press, “the first attempt on the life of a Semana journalist in the magazine's 30 years and it sent shock waves through the news media and human rights communities because of Calderon's stature.”
Honors and awards.
Semana won the Premio Rey de Espana two years in a row, in 2007 and 2008. The 2007 award acknowledged Semana's 25 years of investigative journalism. In 2008, the magazine won the award for a series of articles that uncovered the strong ties between political leaders and illegal right-wing paramilitary groups. The awards jury praised Semana journalists' “tireless research” and described their work as “a moral call to Colombia and the world.”
Semana's website has won several national and international awards, including the Círculo de Periodistas de Bogotá, Premio Rey de España, and Premio de la Sociedad Interamericana de Prensa. It has twice been a finalist for the Premio Iberoamericano de Periodismo Cemex-Fnpi.
In 2007, Semana.com won the Premio de la Sociedad Interamericana de Prensa for Internet news coverage. The prize was awarded for “La muerte de Carlos Castaño.” In the same year, Semana won honorable mention in the category of human rights for “Torturas en el Ejército” and was a finalist in the opinion category.
In 2013, Ricardo Calderón of Semana, José Navia of SoHo, and Semana.com all won prizes from the Círculo de Periodistas de Bogotá. Semana.com won for “Cerro Matoso: mina rica, pueblo pobre” (“Rich Mine, Poor People”) published in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9837699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837699" title="Tervola railway station">
Tervola railway station

The Tervola railway station is located in the municipality of Tervola in Lapland, Finland. The distance to the Helsinki Central railway station is 900.5 kilometres, measured via the Haapamäki and Seinäjoki railway station. The station was taken into use when the track between Kemi and Rovaniemi was completed in 1909.
All passenger trains between Kemi and Rovaniemi stop at Tervola. The station does not serve cargo traffic. The traffic control is handled remotely from the Oulu railway station. The trackyard has one drive-through side track and one loading track.

</doc>
<doc id="9837708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837708" title="Cosimo Caliandro">
Cosimo Caliandro

Cosimo Caliandro (11 March 1982 – 10 June 2011) was an Italian middle distance runner. 
Biography.
Caliandro was born in Francavilla Fontana. In his first appearance on the world stage, he ran in the 1500 metres at the 1999 World Youth Championships in Athletics, but did not progress beyond the heats. He also competed at the European Youth Olympic Festival that year and he won the gold medal in the 800 metres. His first major medal came at the 2001 European Athletics Junior Championships, where he became the 1500 metres champion.
As a junior athlete, he represented Italy at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships placing 100th in 2000, and improving to 68th the following year. At the 2001 European Cross Country Championships, he came 28th overall in the men's junior race. His first participation at world senior level was a 44th place at the 2004 World Cross Country Championships.
Caliandro was eliminated in the heats of the 3000 metres at the 2005 European Athletics Indoor Championships, but returned two years later to win in the event final at the 2007 European Indoor Athletics Championships in Birmingham. He represented Italy at the 2008 European Athletics Indoor Cup, taking silver over 3000 m.
He won the Cross Della Volpe in Piedmont and earned a spot at the 2010 European Cross Country Championships.
He died on 10 June 2011, as a result of a motorbike accident in his native town of Francavilla Fontana, in southern Italy. He had a wife and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="9837717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837717" title="Pegu Club (cocktail)">
Pegu Club (cocktail)

The Pegu Club or the Pegu is a gin-based cocktail that was the signature drink of Burma's Pegu Club. The club was located just outside Rangoon, and its membership comprised only foreigners, who were senior government and military officials and prominent businessmen. The recipe appeared in the "Savoy Cocktail Book of 1930" by Harry Craddock and was called "The Pegu Club Cocktail". However, it appears to be first listed in "Barflies and Cocktails" by Harry McElhone of the famous Harry's New York Bar in Paris. The Pegu is a Burmese river.
The Pegu Club is best served in a chilled glass and is considered a hot weather drink. Its taste is reminiscent of grapefruit and some bartenders will garnish it with a twist of grapefruit peel or slice of fresh grapefruit, although it is commonly served with a slice of lime to complement the lime juice in the drink.
The Pegu Cocktail has all but disappeared from memory in present-day Myanmar, however there has been a resurgence in awareness and availability due to tourism. A version of the cocktail is served at the Governor's Residence Hotel and the historic Strand Hotel in Yangon, as well as the Road to Mandalay, which is an Orient Express cruise boat on the Irrawaddy River. It is also served at the L. A. Athletic Club's 100 year old Invention bar.

</doc>
<doc id="9837749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837749" title="Howard Fest">
Howard Fest

Howard Arthur Fest (born April 11, 1946 in San Antonio, Texas) is a former American football offensive lineman who played in the American Football League (AFL) and in the National Football League (NFL). 
He attended Thomas Edison High School in San Antonio. He played college football at the University of Texas, where he was a tight end. As a sophomore during the 1965 season, he played sparingly and caught one pass for nine yards as the Longhorns went 6-4 under College Football Hall of Fame coach Darrell Royal. In his junior year he was switched to offensive tackle as the Longhorns went 7-4, including a 19-0 win in the Bluebonnet Bowl over Ole Miss. In his senior season of 1967, the Longhorns were 6-4.
After his senior year, he was chosen in the sixth round (139th overall) of the 1968 NFL/AFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals.
He was an original member of the AFL Cincinnati Bengals, playing with them for eight years. He began his career at tackle, but later moved to guard. He was given the nickname "Mr. Consistency" by his teammates.
During his eight seasons with the Bengals, he never missed a game, playing in 112 games, of which he started 63. 
He was made available in the 1976 NFL Expansion Draft, and was selected by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, where he played two seasons. He started all 14 games of the 1976 season. He played in just one game his final season of 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="9837750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837750" title="Gilliam-class attack transport">
Gilliam-class attack transport

The "Gilliam"-class attack transport was a class of attack transport built for service with the US Navy in World War II.
Like all attack transports, the purpose of the "Gilliam"s was to transport troops and their equipment to foreign shores in order to execute amphibious invasions using an array of smaller amphibious assault boats carried by the attack transport itself. Like all the attack transports, the "Gilliam"-class was heavily armed with antiaircraft weaponry to protect itself and its cargo of troops from air attack in the battle zone.
History.
The "Gilliam"-class utilized the Maritime Commission (MARCOM)'s Type S4-SE2-BD1 hull. All 32 vessels of the class were built under MARCOM contracts by the Consolidated Steel Corporation of Wilmington, California.
The first of the ships, the , rolled off the Wilmington ways on 28 March 1944 and was commissioned on 1 August 1944. The rest rapidly followed, a new "Gilliam"-class vessel rolling of the shipways at an average of roughly one per week until April 1945.
The "Gilliam"s, with less than half the displacement, were significantly inferior in both troop and cargo carrying capacity to the previous class of attack transport, the "Bayfields", and also slightly slower. It is not clear therefore why they were produced but probably it was simply because attack transports were at this time a much-needed type and the Navy chose to utilize any available shipbuilding capacity to acquire them.
World War II service.
As they arrived relatively late in the war, "Gilliam"-class ships did not get much chance to see combat. Some of the earlier vessels saw action at either the battle of Luzon or the battle of Iwo Jima and later at the invasion of Okinawa, while later vessels saw combat either at Okinawa alone or not at all. Regardless, all of them spent a considerable part of their time on troop transport, cargo and other support missions.
Postwar missions.
In the immediate postwar period, the "Gilliam"s, like most other classes of attack transport, were initially utilized to transport US troops for occupation duties - in Japan, China, Korea and other Far Eastern locations formerly occupied by the Imperial Japanese Army - and later as participants in Operation "Magic Carpet", the giant sealift organized to bring hundreds of thousands of demobilizing soldiers back to the United States.
Operation "Crossroads".
At the end of the war, the US Navy found itself with far more ships than it required in peacetime. Some of these ships were dispensed with in Operation "Crossroads", the atomic bomb tests at Bikini Atoll in the summer of 1946. These tests were designed to assess the effects of nuclear detonations on shipping.
For the purpose, the Navy collected somewhere between 70 and 90 unwanted ships to use as targets, some captured from the enemy and some of the Navy's own. Since the "Gilliam"-class had an inferior transport and cargo capacity to many of the other attack transport classes, it was an obvious candidate for disposal.
17 of the "Gilliam"-class were duly selected to act as targets in the tests. In the event, one - - was reprieved, so exactly half of the class' 32 ships were designated as targets. Of these, a few were sunk by the atomic bombs themselves, while a number of others which received heavy doses of radiation were examined for a period before being disposed of in target practice in 1947 or 1948. A few were found to have mostly escaped the radioactive fallout and were taken back to the United States. 
These survivors, along with the rest of the class, were decommissioned in late 1946-early 1947 and saw no further service with the Navy (although it is unknown whether some may have been later sold for commercial service). The sole exception was the , which although decommissioned along with the remainder of the class, remained in use with the Navy as a training ship until 1 September 1968.
Other than this one vessel, it appears the entire class of ships saw barely more than two years service of any description before being scrapped.
References.
See the individual ship entries at DANFS Online (APA-57 to APA-88). Information on those vessels missing at this site ("Appling, Audrain and Gasconade") can be found at Navsource Online ("Audrain"), or at the Hyperwar website (see "Gasconade" and "Appling").
An alternative reference for dates and basic information is the Attack Transport Index page of Navsource Online.

</doc>
<doc id="9837762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837762" title="Happy Halloween">
Happy Halloween

Happy Halloween is a short horror movie starring Navid Akhavan in the lead role. The film has only been released in Germany and was released straight to DVD on October 24, 2001. The film is directed by Gaby and Simon Bahlsen. Even though the horror movie is not well known, it won a Gold Award for Best Independent Short Film-Fantasy/Horror at the WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival in 2002. The film was made in Germany and had a budget of 80,000 euros.

</doc>
<doc id="9837768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837768" title="Totternhoe Stone">
Totternhoe Stone

Totternhoe Stone is a relatively hard chalk outcropping in the middle of the Lower Chalk in the Chiltern Hills in Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Bedfordshire and Cambridgeshire, England. Geologically, it is located in the upper part of the Cenomanian stage of the Cretaceous.
Unusually among chalks, it is sufficiently strong for use as a building stone, and has been used as such in these localities, notably in Woburn Abbey, Luton parish church and several smaller local churches. It weathers rather badly in external use, but when used as internal carved decoration, it has remained in good condition for centuries. Old decorative carving is to be found in St Albans Abbey and in the altar screen of Westminster Abbey.
The Totternhoe Stone is underlain by the argillaceous Chalk Marl. Above is the less argillaceous Grey Chalk. The bed varies in thickness from 0.5 to 5 metres. The stone, although fine-grained, is siliceous, and partial cementing with silica accounts for its relative hardness. It forms a distinct escarpment at several locations at the base of the Chiltern ridge, notably at Totternhoe, Bedfordshire , where it is at its thickest. In addition to use as a building stone, in the past it was used in the manufacture of a hydraulic lime, and in cement manufacture at three cement plants.
Quarrying.
The stone has been quarried north of Totternhoe village in the county of Bedfordshire.
It was quarried at Totternhoe Knolls, and to the east of the Knolls there were underground mines for the stone. The area from where the medieval tunnels were dug is now designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) called Totternhoe Chalk Quarry, as an example of chalk grassland. It is managed as a nature reserve by the Wildlife Trust for Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Northamptonshire.
In recent times the stone has been quarried in an area between the Knolls and the mines. This has been designated an SSSI called Totternhoe Stone Pit, as a Geological Conservation Review site.
The Stone is quarried by a family run business, H.G Clarke and Son. This was started in 1920 by Herbert G.Clarke. It was then passed to his son Stanley W.Clarke and is now being run by his son Angus J.Clarke. H.G Clarke and Son are the main suppliers of this rare English stone.
External links.
Interview of H.G Clarke & Son with Anglia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GCYfpJxzJg&feature=youtu.be

</doc>
<doc id="9837777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837777" title="Teuvo Tulio">
Teuvo Tulio

Theodor Antonius Tugai (23 August 1912 – 8 June 2000), better known as Teuvo Tulio, was a Finnish film director and actor. Beginning his career as an actor at the end of the silent era, Tulio turned to directing and producing in the 1930s. His films are noted for their extremely melodramatic style. 
Biography.
Tulio was born as Theodor Antonius Tugai to a Turkish-Polish father and Persian-Latvian mother in Rēzekne, Latvia. Tugai spent the early part of his childhood in Latvia with his grandparents, before moving with his mother, who had married a Finn, to Helsinki, where his name was changed from Theodor to the more Finnish Teuvo. 
At age fourteen, Tulio was the star of his fellow Russian expatriate Valentin Vaala's film "Mustat silmät" (Black eyes), which was completed in 1929. Due to his "exotic" appearance, the young Tulio was sometimes referred to as Finland's answer to Rudolph Valentino. His first work as director was the 1936 film "Taistelu Heikkilän talosta" (Struggle for the House of Heikkila), starring Regina Linnanheimo. Linnanheimo would become Tulio's lifelong companion, though the two were never married. She acted in many of his films and helped write the screenplays for three of his features, including his last film, 1973's "Sensuela". 
Altogether, Tulio directed 15 feature films, three of which were destroyed in a fire. 
Later influence and reputation.
Tulio's films were an influence on the Finnish filmmaker Aki Kaurismäki, whose admiration brought the filmmaker international attention later in his life. In 2008 and 2009, short retrospectives of his work were held in the United States at the Brooklyn Academy of Music and the Pacific Film Archive. Covering the former for the "Village Voice", film critic J. Hoberman wrote: "At once arty and artless, stark and fulsome, Cine Tulio is characterized by an exaggerated emotional intensity and an equally primal lack of self-consciousness...His movies are desperate and insistent, sometimes clumsy but never less than forceful. Tulio's strenuous lyricism allows the objective correlative to run wild."
In a brief essay on the filmmaker for the English-language film website The Auteurs, Anna Bak-Kvapil referred to Tulio's work as "spectacles of suffering and sex," writing: "His style can be Eisensteinian, with expressionistic montages of the shining faces of the proletariat intercut with kittens, crucifixes, or half-smoked cigarettes, but he adores Hollywood, mimicking in his own over-enthusiastic way, Cukor, Lubitsch and Von Sternberg."

</doc>
<doc id="9837789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837789" title="Susan Bieke Neilson">
Susan Bieke Neilson

Susan Bieke Neilson (August 27, 1956 – January 25, 2006) was a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, and before that, a state trial judge in Michigan.
Background.
Neilson was born August 27, 1956 in Ann Arbor and was a lifelong Michigan resident. In 1977, she received an A.B. degree in political science from the University of Michigan Honors College. Neilson received her law degree in 1980 from Wayne State University Law School. Following graduation she practiced products liability, commercial litigation, medical malpractice, and general negligence law with the firm of Dickinson Wright in Detroit, making partner in 1986.
In 1991, Governor John Engler appointed Neilson to the 3rd Judicial Circuit of Michigan, part of the Wayne County Circuit Court, to which she was re-elected in 1992, 1996, and 2002. Neilson's chambers were in Detroit. While on the bench, Neilson co-wrote and co-edited "Michigan Civil Procedure", a two-volume treatise on Michigan civil practice.
Neilson was married with two daughters (Elizabeth, Born in 1984 and Mary, Born in 1990). She was an active Roman Catholic and was a member of the Detroit Catholic Lawyers Society.
Sixth Circuit nomination and confirmation.
Neilson was nominated to a Michigan seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit by President George W. Bush on November 8, 2001, to replace Judge Cornelia Groefsema Kennedy, who had taken senior status in 1999. On the same day, Bush also nominated Henry Saad and David W. McKeague to Michigan seats on the Sixth Circuit. On June 26, 2002, Bush nominated Richard Allen Griffin to a fourth Michigan seat on the Sixth Circuit. During the Democrat-controlled 107th Congress, all four nominations were stalled in the Senate Judiciary Committee by then chairman, Senator Patrick Leahy, D-VT.
In the 2002 midterm congressional elections, the Republicans regained control of the Senate. During the new 108th Congress, Senator Orrin Hatch, R-UT, the new Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee began to process the previously blocked four nominees. In March 2003, Michigan's two Democratic senators, Carl Levin and Debbie Stabenow announced that they would blue-slip all Bush judicial nominees from Michigan because Bush refused to renominate Helene White and Kathleen McCree Lewis, two Michigan nominees to the Sixth Circuit whose nominations the Senate Republicans had refused to process during President Bill Clinton's second term. Helene White at the time was married to Levin's cousin.
Contrary to Levin's and Stabenow's wishes, Hatch gave Saad, McKeague and Griffin committee hearings, and passed the three nominees out of committee. Furious, Levin and Stabenow convinced their caucus to filibuster the three in order to prevent them from having confirmation votes.
The Senate Republicans increased their numbers in the 109th Congress. Tensions between the Republicans and Democrats rose dramatically as the Republicans sought to break the filibusters of ten Bush court of appeals nominees (including Saad, McKeague and Griffin) by using the nuclear option. In order to defuse the explosive situation concerning the use of the nuclear option and Democrats' obstruction of President Bush's judicial nominations, fourteen moderate Republican and Democratic senators called the Gang of 14 joined together to forge an agreement to guarantee certain filibustered nominations up or down votes. Henry Saad and William Myers, however, were expressly excluded from the guarantee. 
After the Gang of 14 agreement in the Senate in 2005, Neilson finally received a floor vote in the Senate on October 27, 2005. (Fellow Michigan Sixth Circuit nominees Richard Allen Griffin and David McKeague received confirmation votes in June.) She was confirmed unanimously, 97-0, with both Michigan senators ultimately voting in her favor. Her confirmation came almost exactly four years after her initial nomination. Neilson was the seventh judge nominated to the Sixth Circuit by Bush and confirmed by the United States Senate.
Illness and death.
After being nominated by Bush, Neilson learned that she had myelodysplastic syndrome, a rare blood disorder that eventually required her to undergo a bone marrow transplant in 2003. Though greatly diminished physically, Neilson returned to work and, following confirmation, moved her chambers to the federal courthouse in Detroit. On January 25, 2006, Neilson succumbed to the lingering effects of her illness, and died of lung failure in Detroit at the age of 49. Due to her illness and death, Neilson served for only two months on the Sixth Circuit and never wrote any opinions. According to an order of the court published in January 2006, Neilson participated in a decision to rehear a case en banc. The order does not indicate whether Neilson voted for or against rehearing.
Neilson was survived by her husband and two daughters.
Epilogue.
After her death, in June 2006, President Bush nominated Stephen J. Murphy III, the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, as Neilson's replacement. When Levin and Stabenow again balked in the 110th Congress at confirming any more Bush judicial nominees for Michigan, his nomination was withdrawn and replaced with that of failed Clinton nominee Helene White, now divorced from Levin's cousin. White was confirmed to Neilson's old seat in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9837826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837826" title="Csepel SC">
Csepel SC

Csepel SC is a Hungarian sports club based in the XXI district of Budapest, Csepel, which is on an island in the Danube in the south of the city. The club was formed in 1912 as "Csepeli Torna Klub" ("gymnastics club").
Csepel SC is the most successful Hungarian sports club in olympic medals and points.
Csepel SC won in the seasons 1941/42, 1942/43, 1947/48 and 1958/59 four times the Hungarian football championship.
The football department of the club was dissolved after the season 2001/02. The team then played in the second division. Its homeground was the "Béke téri", which has a capacity of 14 000.
Until its relegation 1996/97 Csepel SC spent 51 season in the first division and remains to-date (2007) eighth in the all-time-table of the first division.
Details to the History of Csepel SC.
In its only participation in European Champions' Cup in 1960 Csepel SC was eliminated in the qualification by Fenerbahçe SK of Istanbul. In 1981 Csepel was runner-up in the Mitropa Cup behind Tatran Presov. The last notable success was the fourth place in the national league in 1982/83.
In 2000 the football department of the club was united with the first team of the second division club III. Kerületi TVE from Óbuda in the III. district in the north of Budapest. The joint team played for the next two seasons under the name of Csepel SC in Csepel. The junior teams remained separated,
At the end of the season 2001/02 the football department of Csepel SC was dissolved. Beginning with the season 2003/04 the former partners from Óbuda resumed senior football under the name of "III. Kerületi TUE" and commenced activities with many players from former teams and its own youth in the fourth division. In that year the team remained undefeated and was promoted to the third division (NBIII), where it is still playing today (2007/08).
Of importance are currently the volleyball, wrestling and cycling departments of the club. Also the handball and boxing sections are of historic significance.
Important athletes.
Football players.
Karl Klement 
Played twice for the Hungarian national football team. He later became a successful manager, winning trophies with FC Bayern Munich in Germany and S.L. Benfica in Portugal.
He became a part of the Magic Magyars after he left Csepel.
Played altogether 12 times for the Hungarian national football team including twice at the 1954 World Cup.
Others.
Runner-up at the 1989 world championship (Greco-Roman, super-heavyweight), eight national championships.
Two gold medals (individual and team) at the 1960 Olympics.
Two Olympic gold and two bronze in C2 and C1 with György Kozmann and Csaba Horváth, fifteen gold medals at World Championships.
The club has bred Olympic champions including András Balczó, Tibor Berczelly, Aladár Gerevich, Károly Fatér, and Bertalan Papp.

</doc>
<doc id="9837829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837829" title="Common root rot (barley)">
Common root rot (barley)

Common root rot is a fungal disease of barley caused by "Cochliobolus sativus", "Fusarium culmorum" and "F. graminearum".
Symptoms.
Initial symptoms appear as small brown spots on the crown roots, the lower sheath, and the subcrown internode. This spots will elongate and coalesce and can cause an extensive brown discoloration at the crown, and the entire length of the subcrown internode. Healthy root tissue is white to slightly cream-colored.
Disease cycle.
In western Canada, infections occur mainly from soil-borne spores, whereas in eastern Canada, seed-borne inoculum is more important. The spores can survive for many years, and germinate in the presence of susceptible plants. At infected plants reach maturity, abundant sporulation occurs.
Management.
Disease inoculum is reduced by long rotations with nonhost crops. Shallow seeding and optimum fertilization levels, especially of phosphate and potassium, reduce disease severity. Resistance cultivars are also available.

</doc>
<doc id="9837941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837941" title="Sheep Farming in Barnet (EP)">
Sheep Farming in Barnet (EP)

Sheep Farming in Barnet was the second single by Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, released in 1979 by Safari Records. Originally released as a 6-track extended EP, dubbed an 'Alternate Play' record by Safari, the single was later expanded into full-album status, including the previous single, "Victims of the Riddle", its b-side and other additional tracks, in February 1980.
There was also a German 7" single released from this project, featuring the tracks "Neon Womb" and "Waiting", and a Yugoslavian single release of the "Sheep Farming in Barnet" album track "Computer" was backed by "Danced" from this release.
For details on the album version of this recording, see also "Sheep Farming in Barnet".
Track listing.
Original 7" EP.
Side A
Side B
Catalogue Number: SAFE 15
German 7".
Catalogue Number: IC 006 63441
Yugoslavian 7".
Catalogue Number: BEOGRAD SVKS3008
Produced by Steve James/Keith Hales.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs/MCPS.
Both sides ran at 33RPM. The two additional international 7" releases ran at 45RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9837981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837981" title="Treaty of Pavia (1329)">
Treaty of Pavia (1329)

The Treaty of Pavia which divided the House of Wittelsbach two branches, was signed in Pavia in 1329. 
Under the accord, Emperor Louis IV granted during his stay in Italy the Electorate of the Palatinate including the Bavarian Upper Palatinate to his brother Duke Rudolph's descendants, Rudolph II, Rupert I and Rupert II. Louis himself kept Upper Bavaria and inherited also Lower Bavaria in 1340. Rudolph I this way became the ancestor of the older (Palatinate) line of the Wittelsbach dynasty, which returned to power also in Bavaria in 1777 after the extinction of the younger (Bavarian) line, the descendants of Louis IV. It had been agreed with the Treaty of Pavia that with the extinction of one of both branches the remaining branch would inherit their possessions. According to the treaty, the electoral rights should alternate but with the Golden Bull of 1356 only the Palatinate line was invested with the electoral dignity. 

</doc>
<doc id="9837993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837993" title="Bill Demong">
Bill Demong

Bill Demong (born March 29, 1980 in Vermontville, New York) is an American Nordic combined skier and Olympic gold medalist. Demong is a four-time Olympian competing in Nagano, Salt Lake City, Torino and Vancouver.
Career.
Demong has been competing on the world cup level since 1997.
His first World Cup victory came in 2002 in (Liberec, Czech Republic). Two more in 2007, (Lahti, Finland: March 9; Trondheim, Norway: December 8). He also has three victories in World Cup B events in the United States in 2004 and 2005 as well. In the 2008 season Bill had one victory in Ramsau am Dachstein in the 2008 season but his first real banner year occurred in 2009 when Bill racked up five world cup victories and took third in the overall world cup standings. Heading into the 2009–2010 season Demong has 9 world cup victories and numerous top tens.
At the 2002 Winter Olympics, in Salt Lake City, Demong placed fourth in the 4 × 5 km team event and 14th in the 7.5 km event.
Demong won a complete set of medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships with a gold (10 km individual large hill: 2009), a silver (15 km individual: 2007), and a bronze (10 km individual normal hill: 2009).
2010 Winter Olympics.
Demong skied the final lap for the United States team consisting of Johnny Spillane, Todd Lodwick and Brett Camerota in the team large hill/4x5 km, winning the silver medal.
In the 10 km individual large hill, Demong won gold. Demong is the first American to win an Olympic gold medal in a nordic event.
After the medal ceremony held later that evening for the 10 km individual large hill event, Demong proposed to his girlfriend, Katie Koczynski, in front of teammates and coaches at the team headquarters near Vancouver. Koczynski said yes. Also on that same day, Demong found out he was named the flagbearer for the American team at the closing ceremony of the 2010 Winter Olympics on February 28. It was Demong's teammate, Spillane, who gave Demong the courage to propose to his now wife. Demong and his fiancée discussed how this happened on NBC's "Today" show the following morning.
Personal life.
Demong learned to jump through the New York Ski Educational Foundation (NYSEF). He attended the National Sports Academy National Sports Academy (Lake Placid, New York) during high school, and competed in the Nagano Olympics during his senior year.
In 2009, Demong began appearing in Alka-Seltzer Plus television commercials as part of the medication's sponsorship for the U.S. Ski Team.
On July 11, 2010, Demong married Koczynski in Lake Placid, New York.
His mother is a recently retired chorus teacher from Saranac Lake High School.

</doc>
<doc id="9837995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9837995" title="Twilight Children">
Twilight Children

Twilight Children is the twenty-first book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
Ryan Cawdor, his son Dean, Krysty Wroth, J.B. Dix, Dr. Theophilus Tanner, Mildred Wyeth, and Michael Brother arrive in a MAT-TRANS chamber which appears unusually constructed. The normally seamless bulletproof glass windows are badly aligned, along with the doors, and the exterior control chamber appears to be a hastily constructed chamber carved from an existing cave, with chisel marks still showing in the surrounding granite. The atmosphere outside is heavy and foggy, and in addition to preventing J.B. from putting his sextant to use the fog also seems to interfere with both compasses and electronic equipment, including watches. The companions venture out cautiously into the barren surroundings, encountering a variety of highly mutated insect-like creatures, as well as a few sources of water, including a fast-flowing stream. All are tainted with an unknown substance that causes an unpleasant stinging on contact, and thus clearly undrinkable. Eventually the companions arrive at surprisingly intact town, which is revealed to be an "Old West" themed reconstruction called Lonesome Gulch. In short order the companions are surrounded by a large group of flying reptilian creatures, and after the companions take shelter in the town's General Store the creatures attack. J.B. and Ryan rig a crude timed explosive, then wait with the others in the store's root cellar; when the explosives detonate the companions flee in the ensuing confusion, though Ryan is wounded by one of the creatures. The companions make it to the MAT-TRANS chamber and make the jump.
Ryan and his friends arrive in a familiar redoubt, and after some exploration conclude that it is a redoubt in Louisiana, where they initially met Jak Lauren. However, rather than the wet Louisiana bayou they are expecting, the group finds the area outside the redoubt is a barren, flat, lifeless desert. Furthermore Ryan and J.B.'s radiation detectors show the area is dangerously radioactive, forcing them back inside before they can investigate a cause for the sudden change in the terrain. With no resources in the redoubt, the group reluctantly makes a third jump.
When the companions arrive in the next chamber they find that Ryan, Doc, and Michael are all unconscious. After some time Doc comes around, but Ryan manages only to regain consciousness briefly before passing out again. Most troubling is Michael, who regains consciousness only to attack Doc ferociously, claiming he is Satan. Michael is subdued and restrained; the group concludes that Michael has been driven to psychosis by the back-to-back jumps, but have no idea if he will recover. When Mildred examines Ryan she notes that his wound is obviously infected, presumably with some kind of poison, and needs to be sterilized. The companions head into the redoubt, finding it thoroughly cleared out but locating a sterile medical facility. With no other options Mildred sterilizes Ryan's wound with a superheated knife, with the rest of the group holding Ryan down due to a lack of any anesthesia. Partway through the process Michael regains consciousness, no longer psychotic, and helps restrain Ryan. The procedure is successful, and Ryan begins to recover.
The next day the companions set out from the redoubt, having found ample water but no food. J.B.'s sextant places them in New England, and Doc recognizes the nearby lake as Lake Champlain. The companions find a man's corpse, as well as one of a stickie (a vicious breed of mutant), and further evidence of stickie activity. Sometime later they encounter three people searching for their friend, who they identify as the corpse. Saddened, but grateful for knowing their friend's fate, the young people invite the companions back to their ville, Quindley.
Quindley is immediately recognized as an unusual ville: the residents are all strict vegetarians, and the ville does not have a Baron, but rather an unseen (behind a one-way mirror), "all-knowing" leader calling himself Moses. Furthermore the ville's residents react strangely to most of the companions, save for Michael and Dean, and Doc notes that none of Quindley's inhabitants appear older than 25. This is confirmed by the ville's second in command, Jehu, who when pressed further reveals that once someone turns 25 they are ritualistically executed. The companions are not subject to this, and Jehu commands that they be treated as guests. This is met with disapproval, to the point where Jehu kills one of Quindley's residents after he in turn attempts to kill Doc.
Quindley is shown to have other problems as well. Though warned of stickies being present in the area, the ville's guards do not alter their patrols, as Moses has not authorized it. This results in the deaths of four children when stickies attack a group near the edge of town. Ryan and his friends kill the stickies before they can kill any more. Quindley's residents also attempt to convince Dean and Michael to stay permanently; a woman named Dorothy is particularly successful with Michael, fostering a romantic and sexual attachment between the two. The woman's allure is strong enough that, after showing him two prisoners awaiting execution and kept in narrow cages which force them to stand, Dorothy convinces Michael to have sex with her in front of them as a form of torture.
The following night the prisoners are ritually executed by being burned alive. During the execution stickies attack the ville, and using a large fire and a smaller force as a distraction manage to capture more than a dozen of the ville's chlildren, along with Krysty, Mildred, Doc, and Dean. When Ryan offers Moses assistance in recovering the children Moses refuses, saying that no rescue attempt will be made. The remaining companions discuss the matter and decide to steal one of the ville's boats and set out after the stickies the next morning. Michael joins them sometime later and volunteers to come along, which they accept. That morning Ryan and his friends steal a boat without incident and set off for where they believe the stickie camp is located. There they find a group of at least 30 stickies, who have already started killing the captive children. Though it is a difficult task they manage to kill the entire contingent of mutants, freeing their friends and the surviving children.
At Michael's request the group returns to Quindley in the hopes of convincing Dorothy to accompany them. Unknown to them, Moses had previously ordered they be executed that morning during breakfast, and following their disappearance has ordered their death should they return. Ryan and his friends search for Dorothy unsuccessfully but without incident, and eventually arrive at Moses' temple. There they find both Dorothy and Jehu mostly naked, bearing teeth and whip marks as well as other signs of recent sexual abuse. Jehu attempts to kill Doc but is shot before he can, and his body knocks a torch into a nearby tapestry, starting a large fire. Doc then shoots through the one-way mirror hiding Moses, shattering it, revealing him to be a bedridden, grossly obese mutant dwarf. The companions take Dorothy and leave the temple, allowing Moses to burn alive, and are able to exit Quindley without incident. The companions make it to the redoubt safely, and with some coaxing convince Dorothy to enter the MAT-TRANS chamber. Ryan starts the jump, but partway through Dorothy panics and tries to leave the chamber. Ryan is unable to move, and passes out as he watches an already-fading Michael attempt to stop Dorothy.
In the epilogue, a traveling merchant arrives at the ruins of Quindley some weeks later. The ville has burned to the ground, the temple fire having spread to the other buildings, and its residents have fled the area or died. The merchant takes out a note he was given, to be delivered to men named J.B. Dix and Ryan Cawdor, a note given to him by Abe and the Trader telling the men to meet them in Seattle. The merchant drops the note into the water, remarking to himself that if the Trader asks, he can say he at least tried.

</doc>
<doc id="9838010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838010" title="United India Colony">
United India Colony

United India Colony (Tamil: யுனைட்டட் இந்தியா காலனி) is a sub-division of Kodambakkam, Chennai, India.
United India Colony is a planned residential area and is a relatively greener locality in Chennai.
Liberty Theater is the most famous landmark in United India Colony. Its one of the well known movie theaters in Chennai. United India Colony boasts of two famous schools namely Loyola Matriculation Higher Secondary School (for boys) and Fatima Matriculation Higher Secondary School (for girls). Anna Park, situated at the center of the colony, is a favourite hang-out spot for the residents here. The colony also has two famous churches - Fatima Church (Catholic) and CSI Church of the Risen Redeemer (Protestant).
Majority of the residents in United India Colony are Tamil Hindus. The colony is highly Cosmopolitan . A good number of Telugu, Malayalam and Marwari speakers are also present here. With two major Churches and two big Christian schools, the colony is also home to a good number of Christians. Both Diwali and Christmas are celebrated with the same fervour here.
The pincode for United India Colony is 600024.

</doc>
<doc id="9838012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838012" title="Jason Crowe">
Jason Crowe

Jason William Robert Crowe (born 30 September 1978) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right back, and midfielder and is without a club.
Crowe a former England Under-20 international starting his career at Arsenal as a junior and was handed a professional contract at the beginning of the 1996–97 season. He only played once for The Gunners and was sent off after 33 seconds and later went on to join Crystal Palace on loan before signing permanently with Portsmouth in 1999. He spent time on loan with Brentford in 2000 before helping secure Premier League promotion for Pompey in 2003 and was sold to Grimsby Town shortly afterwards where he spent two seasons before moving on to Northampton Town in 2005. Four years later he secured a move to Leeds United before later moving on to Leyton Orient and back to Northampton Town. In the summer of 2012 he dropped out of the Football League for the first time by signing with Conference North club Corby Town.
Career.
Arsenal.
Crowe started his career as a trainee at Arsenal, although he was unable to break into the first team with veteran right back Lee Dixon usually occupying the slot. He made his debut as substitute in a League Cup tie against Birmingham City on 14 October 1997 but was sent off after just 33 seconds by referee Uriah Rennie for a foul on Martin O'Connor; it was the fastest debut sending-off in English football history. That season he also contributed to Arsenal's run in the FA Cup, coming on as a substitute against Crystal Palace in the fifth round. However he wasn't part of the squad when they won the 1998 FA Cup Final. He played one more match for Arsenal (in the League Cup against Derby County); after a loan spell at Crystal Palace he moved to Portsmouth in July 1999. With Arsène Wenger deeming him surprlus to requirements.
Portsmouth.
After joining Portsmouth for a fee of £1,000,000, Crowe played 29 games during his first season at the club before being transfer-listed by Tony Pulis at the start of the 2000–01 season. Crowe joined Brentford on loan, and played 9 League games for the Bees before returning to Portsmouth where he made a further 24 appearances for Pompey. During his third season with Portsmouth, Crowe made 23 appearances and scored his first goal for the club during a 2–2 draw with Wolves at Molineux. In his final season at Portsmouth, Crowe played in 17 games and scored 4 goals for the club. After winning promotion to the Premier League, Crowe was one of five players to be released by Portsmouth manager Harry Redknapp.
Grimsby Town.
After his release by Portsmouth, Crowe joined relegated team Grimsby Town, on a two-year contract. The Mariners had suffered relegation from the First Division in the previous season, whilst Crowe, was a part of the Portsmouth squad who had earned promotion from the same league. Signed by Paul Groves, Crowe was one of the first of the new arrivals at Blundell Park during the 2003–04 season campaign, he was often deployed on the right side of defence and midfield, usually being toggled with John McDermott and Marcel Cas. Grimsby would go on to suffer a second successive relegation having fallen into the drop zone on the final day of the season. Crowe's first season at the club would see him make 36 appearances. During his second season with Grimsby, Crowe played in 40 games and scored 4 goals. With his contract exprining in the summer of 2004, Crowe was offered a new deal by Grimsby but also wanted to listen to other contract offers. Crowe eventually agreed a contract at Northampton Town.
Northampton Town.
Crowe initially signed a two-year contract with the Cobblers and won promotion during his first season at the club in which he made 46 appearances and scored 2 goals. Crowe signed a two-year extension to his contract during June 2007. Crowe was appointed Northampton captain, and during the 2008–9 season Crowe scored 3 goals; although not in the same game, against his soon to be next employers Leeds United during the course of the season. Crowe was offered another new contract with Northampton after the club were relegated to League Two on the final day of the 2008–09 season after a 3–0 defeat to Leeds United.
Leeds United.
On 16 June 2009, it was announced that Crowe had rejected the new contract offer at Northampton before agreeing a contract at League One side Leeds United, beginning on 1 July 2009. He made his first appearance in a Leeds shirt in the pre season friendly vs York City.
He made his first team debut for Leeds in the first game of the season win against Exeter City. Crowe played his part in the defence that saw 8 wins from 9 games at the start of the season 2009–2010. 
Crowe suffered hamstring damage in the game vs MK Dons and had to be substituted early on. Crowe missed his first Leeds United game after his hamstring injury ruled him out of the game against Carlisle United which subsequently kept Crowe out for a number of weeks. On 25 November 2009, Crowe returned from injury and played in Leeds' reserve game against Lincoln, starting the game in an unusual central midfield position to help boost his match fitness. Crowe started the FA Cup game against Kettering Town and kept his place in the side against Oldham Athletic. Crowe then started against Huddersfield Town but when Richard Naylor and Patrick Kisnorbo both returned from injury Leigh Bromby was moved back to right back and Crowe dropped back to the bench.
After Leigh Bromby picked up a suspension for 5 yellow cards, Crowe returned to the Leeds starting line-up for the FA Cup game against Manchester United. Crowe put in a heroic performance against Manchester United when Leeds won 1–0 away to Old Trafford on 3 January in the FA Cup. Crowe also provided a vital goaline clearance after Wayne Rooney's shot was saved by Casper Ankergren but was heading into the back of the net until Crowe sliced it away. Crowe kept his place in the team the following game against Wycombe Wanderers with Leigh Bromby taking a spot on the bench.
Crowe scored his first goal for Leeds in the Johnstone's Paint Trophy Northern Final first leg against Carlisle United. Crowe kept his place in the side for Leeds and played in the 2–2 draw against Tottenham Hotspur on 23 January 2010. After a poor performance against Swindon Town Crowe was omitted from the starting line-up against Colchester United. Crowe came on as a late substitute for Leeds in the replay against Tottenham Hotspur.
Crowe came back into the starting line-up for Leeds' JPT second leg game against Carlisle United. Crowe scored his second goal of the season for Leeds in the 3–2 win after a fine right footed volley, but Leeds ended up crashing out of the tournament after losing on penalties.
Crowe's season was ended prematurely after having an operation on his ankle in April. During his time out injured Leeds earned promotion to the Championship, he returned the following season, but he lost his number 2 shirt to new signing Paul Connolly and was instead given the number 20 shirt.
On 10 December 2010, manager Simon Grayson confirmed that Crowe was not in his first team plans and he revealed that Crowe had turned down moves to leave the club on loan.
Leyton Orient and return to Northampton.
In January 2011 Crowe was put on the transfer list, and he signed for Leyton Orient on 31 January 2011 after his contract was cancelled by mutual consent. He left Orient at the end of the 2010–11 season.
On 12 November 2011, Crowe re-signed for the Cobblers and made his second debut against Luton Town in the FA Cup 1st round on the same day. He was released by Northampton at the end of the 2011–12 season along with eight other first team players.
Corby Town.
Crowe moved to Conference North side Corby Town in July 2012 alongside fellow former Northampton players Andy Holt and Leon McKenzie. Corby suffered relegation to the Northern Premier League in May 2013, and shortly afterwards Crowe departed.
International career.
In 1997 Crowe gained 3 caps for England Under 20s.

</doc>
<doc id="9838013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838013" title="Jim Campbell">
Jim Campbell

Jim Campbell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9838015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838015" title="7th Special Forces Group (United States)">
7th Special Forces Group (United States)

The 7th Special Forces Group (Airborne), an operational unit of the United States Army Special Forces, was activated on 20 May 1960. It was reorganized from the 77th Special Forces Group, which was also stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Its purpose is to conduct guerrilla operations and train friendly governments' armed forces in the South, Central, and North America as well as the Caribbean. 7th Special Forces Group participated in Operation Urgent Fury in Grenada in 1983, as well as in Operation Just Cause in Panama in 1989. The 7th SFG has, like all the SFGs, been heavily deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan in the War on Terrorism.
History.
World War II.
The 7th SFG(A) traces its lineage to the 1st Company, 1st Battalion, 1st Special Service Force, which was established on 9 July 1942 at Camp William Harrison, Montana. The unit was a combined Canadian-American commando unit, designed to conduct raids against Germany's fledgling nuclear capability in northern Europe. However, it was relocated to the Aleutian Islands to fight the Japanese. Upon the successful completion of the Aleutian campaign, the SSF was transferred to the European theater of operations. The unit earned the nickname "The Devil's Brigade" for fighting with distinction in Italy and Southern France. It was disbanded in France in 1945, and reactivated in Fort Bragg on 10 November 1953 as the 77th Special Forces Group.
Reorganization as 7th Group.
In 1960, the 77th was reorganized and redesignated as the 7th Special Forces Group. In the 1960s, the need for mobile training teams exceeded the capability of the US military, so the 7th Group provided the cadre for the 3rd and 6th Special Forces Groups
Vietnam.
The 7th Group was active early in the Vietnam War, first operating in Laos (Operation White Star), and later in other global Cold War operations in addition to South East Asia (Laos, Thailand, and South Vietnam). 7th Group was also the first unit in South Vietnam to have a member earn a Medal of Honor, Captain Roger Donlon.
Latin America.
At the same time, Special Forces were expanding into Latin America. In May 1962, the advance party from Company D, 7th Special Forces Group departed for Fort Gulick, Panama, in the Canal Zone, to establish the 8th Special Forces Group. 8th Group was deactivated in 1972 and the unit redesignated as the 3rd Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group. The entire 7th Special Forces Group was scheduled for inactivation on 1 October 1980, and was unfunded after that in the completed and approved US Army POM. General Edward C. Meyers reversed the decision after USSOUTHCOM briefings and discussions with LTG Wallace H. Nutting, the CINCSOUTH, and LTC Charles Fry, the 3rd Battalion, 7th Special Forces Group commander, regarding the growing threat to Central America and the need for U.S. Army Special Forces to respond to the threat.
Throughout the 1980s, 7th Special Forces Group played a critical advisory role for the El Salvadoran armed forces, which grew from a force of 12,000 to a total of 55,000 men. The Salvadoran military became a highly trained counter-insurgency force under the tutelage of 7th Group.
The 7th Special Forces Group also played a very important role in preparing the Honduran military to resist and defeat an invasion from Nicaragua. 7th Group also trained the Honduran military in counter-insurgency tactics, which enabled Honduras to defeat the Honduran communist-backed guerrillas.
7th Special Forces Group also became involved in counter narcotics operations in the Andean Ridge countries of Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Bolivia. The goal was not just to stop the flow of drugs into the United States, but to stem the violence that resulted from the drug trade in those countries.
During the 3 October 1989 coup against Noriega by some of his troops, members of 7th Group conducted reconnaissance operations near the road that led from the cuartel of Battalion 2000 to Panama City, giving the US Southern Command advanced early warning of the elite Panamanian unit moving to rescue Noriega, who was being held captive in the Panamanian Comandancia. Meanwhile, one 7th Group Company was being readied to take custody of Noriega. When the coup was over and Noriega was released, that company prepared a raid on the Carcelo Modelo where American Kurt Muse was being held for operating an illegal radio station that was broadcasting anti-Noriega programming. That mission was later turned over to 1st SFOD-D and performed on D-Day during Operation Just Cause.
From 19 December 1989 to 31 January 1990, elements of the 7th Special Forces Group participated in Operation Just Cause to restore democracy to Panama. The 7th Group conducted combat operations on D-Day against multiple strategic targets. Over the next two weeks, 7th Special Forces Group conducted many reconnaissance and direct action missions in support of the operation.
When combat operations ceased, Operational Detachments-A and -B fanned out over the entire country, living in villages with the people. 7th Group soldiers restored public utilities such as water and power while maintaining a watch on the (then) new Panamanian Police Force. Non-commissioned officers served as temporary judges and mayors gaining enormous support from the populace.
Global War on Terrorism.
Since early 2002, the 7th SFG has deployed almost nonstop in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. 7th SFG along with the 3rd Special Forces Group are the two SFGs responsible for conducting operations in Afghanistan. The Group has also deployed in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom numerous times, but not as often as Afghanistan. The 7th SFG has lost more SF soldiers in the Global War on Terrorism than any other SFG.
Relocation.
In 2011, 7th SFG(A) relocated from Fort Bragg, North Carolina to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida as part of the 2005 Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round.

</doc>
<doc id="9838016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838016" title="Helsingin Palloseura">
Helsingin Palloseura

Helsingin Palloseura (HPS) () is a sports club from Helsinki, Finland established in 1917. HPS has been active in several sports including bandy, ice hockey, football, handball and basketball. 
Historically, HPS is one of the most successful football teams in Finland, winning nine national championships during the 1920s and 1930s. The team is currently playing in the fourth highest league, however. In bandy, the club was the runner-up for the Finnish championship in 1920,
Famous HPS footballers have included William Kanerva, Aulis Koponen, Max Viinioksa, Kai Pahlman, Jyrki Heliskoski and Pertti Alaja.
Football.
Achievements.
HPS Helsinki won the Finnish football championship (Mestaruussarja) 9 times and they also played in the European Cup, against Stade de Reims in 1958–59. Their one success in the Finnish Cup (Suomen Cup) was in 1962.
Brief history.
The first football match played by HPS in September 1918 against HIFK. The club won their first Finnish championship three years later in 1921. It also won the Mestaruussarja championship in 1922, 1926, 1927 and 1929. However, the club's golden age was in the 1930s, when the HPS won three championships over a four-year period (1932, 1934, 1935). Success at this time was also recognised by the large number of players receiving national recognition by representing the Finnish national side. In the 1940s success was in turn mixed with Finnish football having been disrupted by the war years. In 1940/41 HPS finished bottom of the Mestaruussarja and were relegated but were promoted back to the championship level in 1943/44.
They were relegated again in 1949 and did not compete in the Mestaruussarja again until 1956. They won the championship for the last time in 1957 and were most unfortunate a year later in 1958 when they finished equal on points with KuPS Kuopio to whom they then lost 1-0 in a championship play-off final. They maintained their place in the championship until 1964 when they were relegated and sadly that was the last time that this famous club competed at the highest level.
There then followed a gradual downward spiral with HPS fluctuating between Ykkönen (First Division), Kakkonen (Second Division) and Kolmonen (Third Division). In 1997 HPS returned to the Kakkonen which culminated in them reaching the play-offs at the end of 1998 season when they drew 0-0 and 1-1 against FC HIFK. However they missed out on promotion on away goals. Disaster was soon to follow as in 1999 HPS abandoned their place in the Kakkonen because of economic difficulties and had no option but to reform in 2000 at the lowest level in the Seiska (Seventh Division). However in the last 10 years the club have seen 5 promotions and 1 relegation and they are now competing again in the Kolmonen.
European Campaigns.
HPS have played in Europe on two occasions, the first time being in the European Cup in the 1958-59 season and the second time being in the Cup Winners' Cup in the 1963-64 season.
Divisional Movements since 1930.
Top Level (26 seasons): 1930-40/41, 1945–49, 1956-64<br>
Second Level (18 seasons): 1943/44, 1950–55, 1965–70, 1972, 1974–76, 1983<br>
Third Level (12 seasons): 1973, 1977–82, 1984, 1988–89, 1997-98 
Junior Football.
The club has a thriving youth section running a large number of teams with around 700 players. Junior coaching is seen as the key to creating a sound foundation for the development of the club in the future. HPS's mission is to be a local club serving the Pakila-Paloheinä-Torpparimäki and Oulunkylä-Maunula areas by offering soccer as a hobby for children and youngsters. Educational values, team work and consideration of others are key aspects that are delivered.
2010 season.
For the current season HPS are competing in Section 1 (Lohko 1) of the Kolmonen administered by the Helsinki SPL and Uusimaa SPL. This is the fourth highest tier in the Finnish football system. Most of the team's home matches are played at the Pirkkolan nurmi.
HPS/2 are participating in Section 3 (Lohko 3) of the Vitonen administered by the Helsinki SPL.
HPS/Jägers are participating in Section 1 (Lohko 1) of the Seiska administered by the Helsinki SPL.
Ice hockey.
HPS played in SM-sarja for five seasons (1928, 1929, 1932, 1933 and 1934)

</doc>
<doc id="9838019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838019" title="Chris Cleaver">
Chris Cleaver

Christopher William "Chris" Cleaver (born 24 March 1979 in Hitchin) is an English football midfielder for Finnish Veikkausliiga side TPS.
He was a schoolboy at Norwich City, but started his senior career at Peterborough United. Following loan-spells at Grantham Town, King's Lynn and Cambridge City, he moved to Finland to play for TP-Seinäjoki. He then played for FF Jaro, AC Allianssi and Swedish side GIF Sundsvall, before returning to Finland to play for TPS.

</doc>
<doc id="9838120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838120" title="Psychometrics of racism">
Psychometrics of racism

Psychometrics of racism is an emerging field that aims to measure the incidence and impacts of racism on the psychological well-being of people of all races. At present, there are few instruments that attempt to capture the experience of racism in all of its complexity.
Self-reported inventories.
The Schedule of Racist Events (SRE) is questionnaire for assessing frequency of racial discrimination in lives of African Americans created in 1998 by Hope Landrine and Elizabeth A. Klonoff. SRE is an 18-item self-report inventory, assesses frequency of specific racist events in past year and in one's entire life, and measures to what extent this discrimination was stressful.
Other psychometric tools for assessing the impacts of racism include:
Physiological metrics.
In a summary of recent research Jules P. Harrell, Sadiki Hall, and James Taliaferro describe how a growing body of research has explored the impact of encounters with racism or discrimination on physiological activity. Several of the studies suggest that higher blood pressure levels are associated with the tendency not to recall or report occurrences identified as racist and discriminatory. In other words, failing to recognize instances of racism is directly impacted by the blood pressure of the person experiencing the racist event. Investigators have reported that physiological arousal is associated with laboratory analogues of ethnic discrimination and mistreatment.

</doc>
<doc id="9838130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838130" title="J. Smith-Cameron">
J. Smith-Cameron

J. Smith-Cameron (born September 7, 1957) is an American actress.
Life and career.
Smith-Cameron was born Jean Isabel Smith in Louisville, Kentucky, the daughter of architect Richard Sharpe Smith. She was raised in Greenville, South Carolina, and attended Florida State University for one year, where she was enrolled in the School of Theatre. There she met film director Victor Nuñez, who cast her as a lead in his film "Gal Young 'Un" (1979) 
She added her family's name, Cameron, when told by the Actors' Equity Association that there was already a J. Smith 
and there was a rule that two actors cannot have the same professional name. She made her Broadway debut in August 1982 when she replaced Mia Dillon as "Babe Botrelle" in "Crimes of the Heart". She appeared in the original Broadway cast of "Lend Me a Tenor" as "Maggie" in 1989. The cast of that play won an Outer Critics Circle Award, Special Awards. She appeared in the Broadway production of "Our Country's Good" in 1991. Additional Broadway credits include "Night Must Fall" (1999), "Tartuffe" (2002), and "After the Night and the Music" (2005). 
She has appeared in many Off-Broadway plays, including at the Public Theater, the Second Stage Theatre, and Playwrights Horizons. She appeared in the Paul Rudnick play "The Naked Truth" Off-Broadway at the WPA Theatre in 1994. She received a Drama Desk Award nomination for this production.
In November 1999 through April 2000 she appeared in "Fuddy Meers" as Claire at New York City Center, Stage II, for which she received a nomination for the Outer Critics Circle Award as Outstanding Actress in a Play. In March through June 2004 she appeared in the Manhattan Theatre Club Off-Broadway production of "Sarah, Sarah". In November through December 2009 she appeared Off-Broadway at the Acorn Theatre in her husband's (Kenneth Lonergan) play, "The Starry Messenger". In October 2013 to December 2013 she starred in the Off-Broadway Irish Repertory Theater production of "Juno and the Paycock" as Juno Boyle. The "New York Times" reviewer wrote: "In one of the finest performances of her distinguished career on the New York stage, Ms. Smith-Cameron imbues her Juno with a steely pragmatism, but more important an emotional pliancy that makes her more prepared than the rest of her clan to beat back the onslaughts of ill fortune that beset them."
She won an Obie Award for the Off-Broadway Drama Department production "As Bees in Honey Drown" (1997), which also earned her a Drama Desk nomination and Outer Critics Circle Award nomination, Outstanding Actress In A Play. Additional nominations include the Drama Desk Award for "Sarah, Sarah" (2004) and the Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in the play "Our Country's Good".
Personal.
Smith-Cameron is married to playwright/screenwriter Kenneth Lonergan. They have one daughter, Nellie. They met when Lonergan saw Smith-Cameron in a play and asked if she would be interested in doing a workshop of one of his plays.
Television.
Sources: "The New York Times",

</doc>
<doc id="9838231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838231" title="Ambassadors of the European Union">
Ambassadors of the European Union

Below are current ambassadors of the European Union to third countries and international organisations. They are also known as delegation heads or envoys.

</doc>
<doc id="9838236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838236" title="List of Video on Trial episodes">
List of Video on Trial episodes

This is a guide for the MuchMusic TV series "Video on Trial". Data on jurors, air dates, accused videos and verdicts per episode can be found on each season's article page. Links to each season's article page are given under the section of the season.
Episodes.
Season 1: 2005 - 2006.
The first season premiered on August 15, 2005 and concluded on August 6, 2006. It consists of 37 episodes.
Season 2: 2006 - 2007.
The second season premiered on August 27, 2006 and concluded on July 15, 2007. It consists of 30 episodes.
Season 3: 2007 - 2008.
The third season premiered on August 12, 2007 and concluded on August 11, 2008. It consists of 26 episodes.
Season 4: 2008 - 2009.
The fourth season premiered on September 8, 2008 and concluded on August 31, 2009. It consists of 26 episodes.
Season 5: 2009 - 2010.
The fifth season premiered on September 28, 2009 and concluded on September 6, 2010. It consists of 31 episodes.
Season 6: 2010 - 2011.
The sixth season premiered on September 27, 2010 and concluded on August 29, 2011. It consists of 30 episodes.
Season 7: 2011 - 2012.
The seventh season premiered on September 19, 2011 and concluded on December 9, 2012. It consists of 42 episodes.
Season 8: 2013.
The eighth season premiered on January 23, 2013 and concluded on December 20, 2013. It consists of 22 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="9838245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838245" title="Bird in Flight">
Bird in Flight

"Bird in Flight"/"Tribal Look" is the third single by Toyah, released on February 1, 1980, by Safari Records. Neither track was featured on an album at the time, though both were added to the 2002 reissue of "Sheep Farming in Barnet"//"The Blue Meaning", and also on the 2005 compilation album "The Safari Singles Collection Part 1: 1979-1981".
In February "New Musical Express" wrote of "Bird In Flight": "Surprisingly gentle song by the banshee from Birmingham. It has an insidious quality that slowly gets under your skin and is a good pop song. The effective keyboards give it a desirable spacy atmosphere. Also more than a nod in Patti Smith's direction".
In 2011, of "Bird in Flight", Toyah said: "I find the lyric excruciatingly wrong. But that might be because I'm older and wiser and prefer what I write today. That said, the Toyah band play it beautifully and they have given it a light, optimistic feel that really lifts the whole set. It dances into the venue and tickles your ears. I just need to ignore the lyric... it's so bloody wrong."
Track listing.
7" Vinyl.
Catalogue Number: SAFE 22
Produced by Matt Dangerfield.
Published by Sweet 'n' Sour Songs Ltd.
Both sides ran at 45RPM.

</doc>
<doc id="9838253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838253" title="Tom Sweep">
Tom Sweep

Tom Sweep is an animated short film made by Michaël Dudok de Wit in 1992.
About the film.
The author, Michaël Dudok de Wit, said that ""Tom Sweep"" was intended to be one of a series of films. Unlike the two following films ""The Monk and the Fish"" (1994) and ""Father and Daughter"" (2000), it is structured around a single camera angle.

</doc>
<doc id="9838274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838274" title="John Espinoza">
John Espinoza

John Espinoza (born in Texas in 1950) is a politician, soldier, educator, and former law enforcement officer from the State of Michigan
He grew up in a family of migrant workers from Texas, volunteered for service in the United States Army as a young man, and in 2004 was elected as a Democrat to the Michigan House of Representatives. He is currently in his second term serving the 83rd House District of Michigan. This district comprises all Sanilac County and a portion of St. Clair County including the City of Port Huron, Michigan. Espinoza is one of only three Hispanics in the Michigan legislature.
Early life.
Espinoza spent his early years working in the cotton fields of Texas with his father Leto and brothers Erasmo and Pepe. His mother Leta and sister Estela took care of the homefront. Eventually the family moved to Sanilac County, Michigan when Espinoza was still young. In Michigan, they continued working in the farm fields as well as in area orchards; tending to such crops as sugar beets, cucumbers, and apples.
Education.
Espinoza attended Croswell-Lexington High School. He earned his Associates Degree from the Central Texas College and his Bachelor of Science Degree from the University of the State of New York.
Military and Law Enforcement Service.
He enlisted in the military in 1969 at the age of 18. Espinoza served with the United States Army in Vietnam, where he earned several awards and decorations. He left the army in 1971. 
From 1971 to 1977 he worked as a law enforcement officer with the Croswell, Michigan Police Department and then the Sanilac County, Michigan Sheriff's Department. 
In 1977 he re-enlisted in the Army and was stationed in such faraway locales as Germany and Alaska. Espinoza eventually became a Sergeant and also served in the First Gulf War. He retired from the military in 1995.
Political career.
Espinoza and his wife Mary (Torrez) settled in Croswell, Michigan in 1995. He became interested in local politics and successfully ran for a seat on the Croswell City Council. Subsequently, Espinoza was elected to the Sanilac County Board of Commissioners, where he served one term. 
He also worked on the staff of Michigan State Senator Jim Barcia when Mr. Barcia was a United States Democratic Congressman from Michigan. Espinoza held the position of Military Affairs and Community Outreach Liaison for Congressman Barcia . 
In 2004, running on a populist platform powered by tenacious grass roots campaigning, John Espinoza was elected to his first term as a member of the Michigan House representing the 83rd District, becoming the first ever Democrat and Hispanic to win the seat. 
He was easily re-elected in 2006 and now serves as the chair of the Agricultural Appropriations Committee.
As An Educator.
Upon his return to Michigan in the late 1990s Espinoza also worked as a teacher in the Carsonville-Port Sanilac, Michigan School District.
He earned his teaching certification from Saginaw Valley State University in Saginaw, Michigan.
Media Highlights.
Espinoza was also the inaugural producer and host of the pioneering mid Michigan Public Broadcasting System television show "Somos Hispanos"; broadcast from the campus of Delta College in Bay City, Michigan. He interviewed many important Hispanic figures including Public Broadcasting System news anchor Ray Suarez and actor/ activist Edward James Olmos. Espinoza received many accolades for his excellent work. He left the show to run successfully for the Michigan State House.
Espinoza has shared his insights via regular programs on Sanilac, Michigan County radio station WMIC and written contributions to the Sanilac County News and the Port Huron Times-Herald.
America's Son - the Odyssey of John Espinoza.
In 2006, Ray W. Denison published a book about John Espinoza's life, "America's Son - the Odyssey of John Espinoza". This biography details Espinoza's "journey from the Texas cotton fields to Vietnam and the Michigan legislature." 
The Lakeshore Guardian publication of Michigan wrote a review of Mr. Denison's work and congratulated him on a 'well written' book.
Personal.
Rep. Espinoza currently lives in Croswell, and has been married to his wife Mary since 1969. He has three children and six grandchildren. He is a Harley Davidson enthusiast.

</doc>
<doc id="9838297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838297" title="Jamshid Momtaz">
Jamshid Momtaz

Jamshid (or Djamchid) Momtaz (born June 18, 1942 in Izmir) earned his degree in public law at the Faculty of Law and Economy from University of Paris (1966). 
In 1968, he graduated from the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and held his Phd in Public Law at the Faculty of Law, Economics and Social Sciences of Panthéon-Assas University (1971).
He is currently Professor of Public International Law at the University of Tehran [http://www.ut.ac.ir/en/faculties/law-political-science/background.htm] and Visiting Professor at the universities of Paris I, Paris XI, XIII Paris, Caen and Grenoble II.
From 1979 to 1982, he chaired the Center for International Studies of the University of Tehran.
He was a member of the International Law Commission of the United Nations between 2000 and 2006 (President of the same committee at its 57th session in 2005 - 2006) [http://www.un.org/law/ilc/index.htm].
He is a Fellow of the Institute of International Law (Institut de Droit International) and member of several organizations :
He is also visiting Professor at the University of Paris I(Panthéon Sorbonne) [http://www.univ-paris1.fr/].
Lectures.
"Le droit international humanitaire applicable aux conflits armés non internationaux" in the Lecture Series of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law
Further reading.
Introductory note on the Proclamation of Teheran, 1968 in the Historic Archives of the United Nations Audiovisual Library of International Law

</doc>
<doc id="9838300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838300" title="First Presbyterian Church (Gardner, Kansas)">
First Presbyterian Church (Gardner, Kansas)

First Presbyterian Church (FPC) of Gardner, Kansas is a PC(USA) congregation that was established in 1866. The church now occupies its third building, the first two buildings both were destroyed, one after being hit by lightning, and another due to an electrical fire.
FPC has a congregation of approximately 400 adult members. In addition to weekly and holiday services, the church has an active youth group, and several community outreach programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9838306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838306" title="Road Wars">
Road Wars

Road Wars may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9838319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838319" title="Compact Forest Proposal">
Compact Forest Proposal

Compact Forest Proposal : 5 Studies for "010101", San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, 2001 is an ambient "Installation" album from British musician Brian Eno, released in Feb. 2001.
Overview.
An Opal release, with no catalogue number, this title is only available from EnoShop.
The music on the album was made for an "Installation" - a show featuring music and visuals - that took place at the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art's ""010101: Art in Technological Times"" exhibition which opened on March 3, 2001. His piece was titled "New Urban Spaces Series #4: "Compact Forest Proposal"".
Since then, the museum has acquired the Installation for its permanent collection.
The piece was installed in a dark room, featuring strings of tiny white lights rising to the ceiling from gossamer pods that reminded Eno of "jellyfish", while his music played. ""It's an idea for a kind of retreat people can go to in the city"". Part of Eno's "Quiet Club" series of Installations, he described it as a sort of ""simulated forest"" of the future. He gave it a ""deliberately clunky"" title ""because I want it to be like an architectural submission for a new space."
The CD notes explain ""There are 10 active CD players in this installation. Each is playing a specially cut CD, a single layer of the total music. The CDs have different numbers of tracks, some of which are silent, and each player is set to play these tracks in random order. The final music is therefore an ever-changing combination, unlikely to exactly repeat itself in any individual user's experience"".
""The studies on the CD represent possible conditions of the installation piece (i.e. conditions that it might randomise itself into sometime during the several months that it will play), although there are some elements in the studies that were not finally used in the installation itself"".
""My other installation pieces to date have been relatively "steady state" in that they've remained faithful to a specific harmonic palette. In this piece, however, one of the 10 playing CDs carries two quite different harmonic sub-strata. Since these are different tracks on the same single CD, they are never heard together, but alternate with each other. The other elements of the piece float over these backdrops: it's as though the weather changes"".
The music can be seen as a "sequel" to his Music for Civic Recovery Centre album (2000) as it continues to explore variations on the same tracks that were featured there, "ie" "Ikebukuro", from his 1992 album "The Shutov Assembly" and "Kites II" & "Kites III" from his 1999 album "Kite Stories"; this is particularly true on the longest piece. Two different "backdrop" tracks change the mood of the album from its "prequel".
Credits.
Music and cover art: Brian Eno
Inspirations.
A segment of the album was featured on "Fabric 11 (Radio Mix) - Swayzak" 3. "Birdstance", an album by "Bangsplat", was inspired by the album 4, 5.

</doc>
<doc id="9838326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838326" title="Coalition for Comprehensive Immigration Reform">
Coalition for Comprehensive Immigration Reform

The Coalition for Comprehensive Immigration Reform (CCIR), also known as CCIR/NAOC or New American Opportunity Campaign is a non-profit immigrant rights advocacy organization based in Washington, DC, established in 2003 to pass comprehensive immigration reform. It was instrumental in the 2004 Immigrant Workers Freedom Ride, modeled after the Freedom Rides of the Civil Rights Movement and acts as an umbrella organization for a number of national and local immigrant rights organizations for advocacy and coalition building.
The New American Opportunity Campaign (NAOC) was a campaign launched by CCIR in 2004. Soon, the campaign became the core project of the coalition and NAOC became a better known name than CCIR. CCIR consolidated its identity into the single "Coalition for Comprehensive Immigration Reform" name in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9838364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838364" title="Rum Is for Drinking, Not for Burning">
Rum Is for Drinking, Not for Burning

"Rum Is for Drinking, Not for Burning" is the second single from Senses Fail's second album, "Let It Enfold You".
The music video was available for viewing on AOL Music on May 31, 2005.
This song is a downloadable song for the popular iPod Touch and iPhone app Tap Tap Revenge 2
The song is also being released on Senses Fail's greatest hits album on May 15, 2012.
Music video.
The music video for the song focuses mainly on the band as they play the song throughout various places such as New York City on a cargo ship, most notably the ship's deck as well as the engine room where extensive use of pyrotechnics are used. In between clips of the band, two-dimensional animation is used to illustrate sailing ships, nautical maps, as well as other sea-related icons.

</doc>
<doc id="9838372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838372" title="Buster Martin">
Buster Martin

Pierre Jean "Buster" Martin (1 September 1906? – 12 April 2011) claimed to be the United Kingdom's oldest employee, stating that he was born in 1906.
Until his death, Martin worked for Pimlico Plumbers, a well-known plumbing company in southeast London as a van cleaner, and notably refused to take a day off on the day he celebrated what he claimed was his 100th birthday. He also received coverage in the media for fending off an attack from a group of youths in 2007; his heroics were cited by the former Liberal Democrat leader Sir Menzies Campbell as "living proof of why people should not be written off once they pass retirement age". Martin stated that he would not retire from working.
Doubts have been raised about all of Martin's historical claims, including his age, which may have been only 97 at the time of his death.
Biography.
In an interview with "The Guardian" newspaper, Martin claimed to have been born "up in the hills of the Basque Country" in France. He stated that his mother fell pregnant to a member of the affluent family she served, and he and his mother were smuggled to Britain to avoid the disgrace. His mother was put in a convent and he was placed in an orphanage near Bodmin in Cornwall, run by the Sisters of Mercy, when he was three months old. Martin says that he picked up his nickname "Buster" at age three for "whacking a priest on the nose". He travelled to London, and found work running errands for stallholders in the Brixton market, the beginning of nearly 90 years of work.
He reputedly met his future wife, Iriana, a native of Tonbridge, Kent, at the age of 13 (she was 12). He claimed that they were married a year later in France. Martin stated: ""I got married in 1920 and had to go over to France as I couldn't get married here due to my legal status."" It has to be noted, however, that the legal age for contracting marriage in France at the time was 18 for a boy and 15 for a girl, with the consent of their parents, or 21 without the consent of father and mother. The couple stayed together for 35 years until Iriana reportedly died in 1955, although no death certificate has been uncovered. They reportedly had 17 children, born between 1921 and 1934: "twins, triplets, singletons - all sorts", among them Roberto, Rodrigues, and triplets named Georgina, Georgia and Giselle, but again no record of their births could be found. Martin claimed that they all moved abroad.
He claimed to have left the Brixton market aged 14, and joined the British Army, where he became a physical training instructor. He served in World War II, leaving the Armed Forces in 1955 after reaching the rank of regimental sergeant major. After "taking up a wide range of trades", he returned to the market, where he worked until he was 97. After complaining of boredom, he resumed work, starting at Pimlico Plumbers in London on a twenty-hour week (three days a week) three months before his claimed 100th birthday.
On Martin's claimed centenary, his employer suggested that he take the day off to celebrate. However, he turned up for work. His colleagues threw him a surprise party at the company's headquarters and organized a tour of Chelsea F.C.'s Stamford Bridge ground. Until 2006, Martin claimed never to have taken a day off for sickness in his ninety years of work, until an ingrown toenail forced him to take a few months' leave of work.
On 22 February 2007, while walking to a bus stop from a local pub, Martin was attacked by three youths from behind. Their assault sent him "crashing to the floor", but he managed to defend himself; he says he "hit one in the groin and kicked another one". The youths ran off; Martin staggered to King's College Hospital, where he was kept in overnight. He reported for work the next morning, but his bosses refused to let him work.
Martin stated that he would "only give up when they put me in a wooden box". He also offered his view on older workers: "Employers should pick people like us; we want to work and it puts money in our pockets and keeps us active". His boss, Charlie Mullins, stated in an interview with a French TV station that they use Buster in all their publicity and managed to increase their business by 36% thanks to his popularity and the media interest. 
Buster Martin died on 12 April 2011 at the claimed age of 104.
The Zimmers.
Through the intervention of celebrity publicist Max Clifford, Martin joined the The Zimmers, a band consisting of forty old age pensioners. The group was put together by BBC film maker Tim Samuels for a documentary on the marginalisation of older people in Britain. The Zimmers shot to fame in 2007 with their cover of The Who's "My Generation". Martin also accepted a position on men's magazine "FHM" as an "agony uncle," offering advice to the magazine's readers.
London Marathon 2008.
After walking the distance of the Great Capital Run in 2 hours 22 minutes and the Roding Valley Half Marathon in 5 hours 13 minutes, Martin was entered for the 2008 London Marathon. According to press reports, he walked the 26 mile course in approximately 10 hours. The official London Marathon 2008 Results list shows intermediate results for 5 km, 10 km and 15 km but no finishing time for Buster Martin, who carried the race number 32858 on race day. His four minders - Harmander Singh (32857), Samm Mullins (32856), Anil K Gupta (51611) and Mirmal Singh Lotay (23984) - are still officially listed with a finishing time of 9 hours 59 minutes. If the claims about his age were true, he would have been the oldest recorded marathon participant in the world. The record-holder is Dimitrion Yordanidis who ran at a verified 98 years of age. However, officials of the Guinness World Records organisation said that they did not consider Martin eligible for the record because he had never provided proof of the date of his birth. Robert Young, an independent senior consultant for gerontology for Guinness World Records stated that his sources had told him that Martin had two birth dates registered with the British NHS: 1 September 1906, and 1 September 1913, which would have made him 94 years old at the time.
London bookmakers William Hill refused to pay out £13,300 in alleged winnings for two bets which had been placed on Buster Martin's marathon efforts and would have benefitted the Rhys Daniels Trust. The bookmakers demand a birth certificate as proof of age, stating that other documents like a passport or a naturalisation certificate are only "proof of nationality" and, in this case, based on "self-certification". The "Los Angeles Times" reported on 12 April 2008 that Martin ""follows a diligent regimen of beer, cigarettes and red meat"".

</doc>
<doc id="9838376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838376" title="Gefen Publishing House">
Gefen Publishing House

The Gefen Publishing House is an English language publishing firm located in Jerusalem, Israel as well as having a department in New York. The firm publishes approximately twenty titles per year. Their publications cover a wide variety of Israeli and Jewish subjects. These subjects include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9838412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838412" title="Rider, Reaper">
Rider, Reaper

Rider, Reaper is the twenty-second book in the series of "Deathlands". It was written by Laurence James under the house name James Axler.
Plot synopsis.
The novel opens with Ryan Cawdor resting in a box canyon in New Mexico, a few feet from Jak Lauren. Ryan notes the heavy sadness affecting Jak, sadness he shares. The reason is revealed when the two arise and have a brief moment at three new graves nearby: the graves of Jak's wife Christina, his infant daughter Jenny, and Ryan's traveling companion Michael Brother. The narrative then moves to a few days prior.
Ryan, his son Dean, Krysty Wroth, J.B. Dix, Dr. Theophilus Tanner, Mildred Wyeth, and Michael Brother arrive from their latest MAT-TRANS jump. When Ryan awakes he discovers Michael crying, bitterly depressed over the absence of Dorothy, a woman the companions tried to bring with them from their last destination, but who panicked and fled as the jump started. This simply adds to Michael's already growing depression over his life in the Deathlands, and the companions decide to let him deal with his emotions as he sees fit, but with the understanding to keep an eye on him should he turn dangerous.
Several of the companions recognize the color of the jump chamber walls, and Dean identifies it as the New Mexico redoubt, placing them near Jak Lauren's ranch. The companions set out for the ranch, and in a matter of hours are reunited with Jak Lauren and his family. Christina is still less than pleased to see Ryan, owing to her husband's near death during Ryan's last visit, but agrees to let the group stay for a few days. The next four days pass peacefully and pleasantly. 
On the fourth day most of the companions set out, accompanying Jak on a day-trip to hunt deer. Michael opts to stay behind and help Christina care for Jenny and do other chores, part of his efforts over the past days to break out of his depression. The group sets off, and eventually find and kill two deer. As they are dressing them Krysty has a prophetic vision (an ability she has as a mutant) strongly foretelling death, although it is vague and without detail. Assuming the worst, the companions set off quickly for the Lauren ranch. As they approach they see a large group of horses riding away from the ranch. When they finally arrive Jak finds his wife in the kitchen, dead, murdered after being raped and tortured. J.B. finds Jenny in one of the barns, also dead, having been thrown violently against a wall. Michael is nowhere to be found. The companions help Jak clean up the bodies of his wife and daughter, in order to prepare them for burial. Sometime after they finish, Michael is found praying in front of the corpses. After some effort the group manages to get him to respond to them, and with further prompting he tells them what happened.
While the rest of the group was away hunting, Michael spotted a large dust trail in the distance, indicating people moving towards the Lauren farm. Christina didn't seem in any way alarmed by the news, so Michael continued performing various chores around the ranch. Eventually two armored wags arrived at the Lauren ranch, but it was only when numerous, heavily armed, uniformed men and women exited the vehicles that Michael knew something was wrong. Unarmed and heavily outnumbered, Michael was unable to act against the uniformed group, and instead hid in a nearby pile of hay. Several men took Christina into the house, presumably to rape her. After Christina severely wounded one of her rapists with a concealed knife other members of the group killed Jenny in retaliation. The armed group then executed Christina and left quickly, fleeing a group of Native Americans approaching on horseback. Michael fled into the hills, overcome with guilt.
The companions' reactions to Michael's story is mixed; Jak is furious with Michael for not trying to save his wife and child, though Ryan and J.B. maintain that any attempt on Michael's part would have simply resulted in his death without saving Jak's family. Ryan also notes that the horsemen they saw on approach were not the attackers and were presumably hunting the uniformed group as well, something they would not have known without Michael's account. Based on Michael's description, Jak tentatively identifies the attackers' leader as the General, a vicious raider rumored to prey on Native American communities and isolated settlements in the area. The companions make plans to bury Christina and Jenny the following day, then head out in pursuit of the General.
Meanwhile, near Seattle, Abe is still with the Trader, waiting in the hopes that J.B. and Ryan will meet up with them, as Abe has sent a message to do so with several traveling merchants. Abe has spent the past five weeks with the Trader, and has noticed that his former employer seems changed. While the Trader is just as powerful and commanding as he was in the past, Abe is worried about a new streak of brutality he has noticed in the man's behavior. Abe keeps these observations to himself.
The next day, the companions awake and find that Michael is not in his room. They initially assume he has simply left the ranch, but he is discovered in the barn, dead, having hanged himself. Inside his room Dean finds a suicide note, which Doc reads aloud to the rest of the group. In it, Michael explains that he is not killing himself simply out of guilt, but also due to his worsening depression over the past few weeks, which he attributes to the bleak life found in the Deathlands. He then says goodbye to each of the companions individually, and asks Jak for forgiveness; Jak bitterly confesses to the rest that he had already forgiven Michael. With Jak's approval the group bury Michael alongside Christina and Jenny in a remote box canyon. Afterward they stock up on supplies at the ranch and head out on horseback in pursuit of the General.
The companions camp for the evening in the abandoned ville of Opium Wells. During the night Dean is ambushed while urinating and briefly threatened for information on the rest of the group, which is cut short when Ryan and his friends surround the ambushers. Once Dean states that they are hunting the General the ambushers reveal they are Navaho, also hunting the General for a recent attack on one of their settlements. A tense truce is established, and the Navaho release Dean. After further discussion the Navaho agree to travel alongside Ryan and his friends, to better their chances of catching and killing the General.
The truce between the two groups is soon tested when, the following evening, they come across one of the General's wags which has become stuck in the mud. At Jak's suggestion they start a small fire near the wag in order to make its occupants believe the Navaho intend to burn them alive inside the vehicle. The stranded raiders flee the vehicle and are killed. However, when one of the Navaho looks inside the vehicle they are grabbed by a lone remaining raider, who pulls the pin on an implosion grenade he is holding. Ryan is standing atop the vehicle as this happens, and closes the entrance hatch to contain the blast as he flees. The ensuing detonation batters Ryan but does not kill him, thanks to the hatch being closed, but the surviving Navaho claim Ryan's actions doomed their tribesman. A direct conflict between the two groups is narrowly avoided by mention of the General, but the Navaho vow to bring up the matter again once he has been dealt with.
The two groups follow the path of the remaining wag back to the General's hideout, a natural attraction called the J.C. Wright Caverns. The groups leave their horses outside with Dean to guard over them, then head around the rise the caverns are situated in the hopes of finding a way in that doesn't require a frontal assault; the abandoned visitor's center proves to have a still-accessible stairway leading down into the caverns. Once inside Ryan and his friends prepare to make a covert assault on the General and his gang, but their plans go awry when two of the Navaho loudly charge a group of raiders (in order to battle "honorably") and are killed without inflicting a single casualty. Ryan and his friends are able to kill the small group of raiders, but not without alerting the General and the rest of his contingent that they are under attack. The rest of the Navaho move to make an attempt on Ryan's life, but he, J.B., and Jak have anticipated this and kill the Native Americans before they can fire a shot.
The situation turns into a standoff, and the General eventually asks for a brief truce to discuss terms, which Ryan and J.B. agree to, temporarily. The General proposes he and his remaining gang be allowed to leave in the wag. Ryan has no intention of letting him leave alive, not the least reason being that he recognizes that the General is not just a brutal killer, but absolutely insane. Meanwhile, Jak has moved silently through the dark caverns and placed himself behind the General and his gang, and starts to kill raiders one by one. This starts a brief firefight which kills the rest of the raiders but allows the General to escape into the caverns.
Rather than chase the General through the dark caves, the companions leave the caverns and wait for him to attempt to flee. Sometime later the General exits through the visitor's center, only to be stopped at gunpoint by Ryan and his friends. Jak then moves in on the seemingly unarmed General, quickly disarms him when he tries to pull a derringer, and then kills him with a knife through the eye. The companions then take the remaining wag and head back for the Lauren ranch.
On the trip back the group spends the night in the small ville of Patriarch. The next morning at breakfast Ryan meets the town's only other guest, a traveling merchant. The merchant recognizes Ryan and, after some brief questions, gives him one of Abe's notes. Ryan shares the news of Abe's success in finding the Trader with the rest of the group, and he and J.B. decide to set out alone for Seattle after they return to the ranch.

</doc>
<doc id="9838434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838434" title="Tom Everett">
Tom Everett

Tom Everett (born October 21, 1948) is an American actor known for his performances in political films such as "Air Force One" and "Thirteen Days".

</doc>
<doc id="9838439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838439" title="Cliff Odom">
Cliff Odom

Cliff Odom was a former NFL football player. A third round draft choice in 1980, he played thirteen years in the NFL with the Cleveland Browns, Baltimore and Indianapolis Colts and Miami Dolphins.

</doc>
<doc id="9838523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838523" title="Łódź Army">
Łódź Army

Łódź Army () was one of the Polish armies that took part in the Polish Defensive War of 1939. It was officially created on 23 March 1939 with the task of filling the gap between Army Poznań in the north and Army Kraków in the south. Commanded by Juliusz Rómmel, it consisted of five infantry divisions and two cavalry brigades with support from the air force.
Tasks.
The army's task was to fill the gap between Army Poznań in the north (defending Greater Poland under general Tadeusz Kutrzeba) and Army Kraków in the south (operating in Silesia and Lesser Poland under general Antoni Szylling), prevent enemy attacks in the direction of Łódź and Piotrków Trybunalski and if possible, advance towards Sieradz. It was also to cover the mobilization of a reserve Prusy Army behind the Polish lines. Because of that, the main strategic purpose of the army was to gain time and offer delaying actions and harsh resistance on the expected main German offensive line (Częstochowa-Łódź-Warsaw)in order for the mobilization to be accomplished.
Operational history.
Despite several early successes, such as the Battle of Mokra on 1 September, where the Volhynian Cavalry Brigade stopped the German 4th Panzer Division, the army was forced to withdraw towards the Vistula River under increasing German pressure. The German Army Group South under Gerd von Rundstedt struck along the lines dividing the Polish Army Łódź from Army Poznań and Army Kraków. Without any natural defences, and facing a significant enemy force while lacking support, Rómmel's army was easily outmanouevred and cut off from the rest of the Polish forces during the remainder of the battle of the Border, with most of its units being outflanked by the German Eighth Army and the German Tenth Army. Łódź was taken by the Germans on 8 September. By the beginning of the second week of fighting, Army Łódź had suffered heavy casualties and failed to carry out its task of defending its part of the Polish borders. 
General Rómmel advanced with a small contingent of forces through towards Warsaw, where he assumed command of the improvised Warsaw Army tasked with defending the Polish capital (see siege of Warsaw), but he left most of his forces behind. General Wiktor Thommée assumed command of the remaining units. Piotrków Group, or as it became known after its commander, Thommée's Group, was much more successful, managing to avoid encirclement, and after the Battle of Wola Cyrusowa (September 8) his corps' last battle was the defence of the Modlin fortress (capitulated on 29 September).
Organization.
Army's commander was general Juliusz Rómmel. His chief of staff was colonel Aleksander Pragłowski. The Army also contained an Operational Group 'Piotrków' under general Wiktor Thommée.
The Army also had smaller notable units, such as two armoured trains (no.52 and no.53).

</doc>
<doc id="9838525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838525" title="Yakimanka District">
Yakimanka District

Yakimanka District () is a district of Central Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia. Population: 
It is named after the former church of Saint Joachim and Saint Anne. Yakimanka сontains the western half of the historical Zamoskvorechye area (its eastern half is administered as Zamoskvorechye District proper), including the Tretyakov Gallery and the territories of Gorky Park and Neskuchny Sad. The boundary between Yakimanka and Zamoskvorechye districts follows Balchug Street and Bolshaya Ordynka Street (north of Garden Ring), Korovy Val and Mytnaya streets (south of Garden Ring).
History.
Old Muscovy.
"This section is based on P.V. Sytin's "Из истории московских улиц" the history of Moscow streets, Мoscow, 1948."
Territories on the right (southern) bank of Moskva River, now known as Zamoskvorechye, were colonized from the fourteenth century. Two river crossings, west and east of the Kremlin walls, continued south to Kaluga and Serpukhov, and served as main axes of settlement. The western part of Yakimanka District (between the Moskva River and Bolshaya Yakimanka Street) was regularly flooded, and thus its inhabited area was contained within a 700-meter-wide tract of land between Bolshaya Yakimanka and Bolshaya Ordynka streets (formerly the Kaluga and Serpukhov roads). The floodland was gradually built out in the nineteenth century when the Babiegorodskaya Dam was completed, but even then a large field existed near Krymsky Bridge until 1972, when the new building of the Tretyakov Gallery was built. The clover leaves on the district's coat of arms are a memory of these fields. (See Balchug for an explanation of the Vodootvodny Canal flood control development that separated the Bersenevka and Boloto neighborhoods from the mainland and the history of the island.)
The lands south of the Moskva River, exposed to southern enemies, were regularly destroyed by raiders, notably by Algirdas in 1366 and 1368, Tokhtamysh in 1382, Edigu in 1408, and the Tatar pretender Mazovsha in 1451. Permanent militarized settlements of Muscovites, called slobodas, were established by Prince Vasili III in the early sixteenth century. The fortified line on the site of the present-day Garden Ring was built in 1591–1592 in the reign of Feodor I. The church of St. Joachim and St. Anne at Bolshaya Yakimanka, 13, which gave the district its name, was initially built in 1493 and subsequently rebuilt before being destroyed by the Soviet government (see 19th century photo).
Yakimanka District has had a diverse and rapidly changing ethnic and social composition:
18th century.
The century was preceded by mass executions of streltsy. September 30, 1698 Peter I hanged 36 soldiers at the Serpukhov Gate, 36 at the Kaluga Gate, etc., physically destroying the human core of the sloboda system. By 1720, all streltsy troops were disbanded. At the same time, craftsmen lost their businesses when the royal court relocated to Saint Petersburg. The patchwork sloboda system of Zamoskvorechye fell apart, and within the 18th century social diversity settled down. Bolshaya Yakimanka remained a quiet street of single-family households, many of them still farming on the floodlands; Bolshaya Ordynka was inhabited by wealthy merchants. "Zamoskvorechye merchant" became a catchword for an ultraconservative, bearded, pious archetype, the subject of Aleksandr Ostrovsky's plays. Even the wealthiest of them lived in country-style single-story houses on spacious lots, a few of which remain today. The areas on the edge of the city, where Peter hanged his soldiers, were taken over by grain warehouses and market squares, commemorated in the names of Zhitnaya ("wheat") and Mytnaya ("tax") streets.
Yakimanka was established as an administrative district in 1782, when Catherine II divided Moscow into 20 police districts. In particular, Zamoskvorechye was divided between the Yakimanka and Pyatnitzkaya police precincts.
A different development began at the end of the century on the Kaluga road outside the Garden Ring (which at that time was a city rampart, not a garden or a street). The present-day territory of Gorky Park and Neskuchny Sad, between the Kaluga road and the Moskva River, was home to the country houses of the Golitsyn, Demidov, Trubetskoy, Stroganov and later Orlov families. In 1793, Prince Dmitry Golitsyn bequeathed 900,000 roubles to build Moscow's first free public hospital. The project, supported by the dowager Empress Maria Feodorovna, was completed in 1796–1802 by Matvey Kazakov. Although the Golitsyn family owned lands nearby, the hospital was set on Stroganov family land. Hospital construction continued on Kaluga Road throughout the next century. Today, these hospitals belong to Yakimanka District and are known as "First City" (Первая Градская).
19th century.
"This section is based on "Москва начала века" builders at the turn of the century"
The Fire of 1812 swept the entire area except for a few blocks in the southern end of Bolshaya Yakimanka and Kazakov's hospital (which took care of both Russian and French troops). The construction of the Babiegorodskaya Dam and the clearing of the Vodootvodny Canal in the 1830s reduced the flood hazard, but the land remained cheap. This led to the steady industrialization of Zamoskvorechye. For example, Gustav List set up his first metalworking factory in Boloto, directly across from the Kremlin (his mansion, also in Boloto, would later house the British embassy).
While most of Yakimanka remained a traditional, low-rise merchant neighborhood, a cluster of large five- to seven-story factory buildings emerged in Golutvin and Bersenevka (Golutvin was the birthplace of Pavel Ryabushinsky). Most of these are now converted to office space, while Krasny Oktyabr chocolate factory (originally Einem) is scheduled for conversion soon. Hotels catering to businesspeople were built nearby in Boloto and Balchug Street.
In 1896, the city built an electrical power plant in Zamoskvorechye District (MOGES-1, the oldest existing power plant). The second power plant, built specifically for the tram network, emerged in Yakimanka District, also in Bersenevka, and operates today. Since that time, electrical and oiling offices are major tenants on the Balchug island.
The late nineteenth century was also a time of charity and social experiments. The Tretyakov Gallery, which started as Pavel Tretyakov's private collection in the 1850s, opened to the public in 1892. The existing building, with a facade designed by Apollinary Vasnetsov, was completed in 1899–1904. Pavel Tretyakov also financed the construction and operation of the free housing for widows and children of Russian artists, located north from the Gallery.
Morozov Hospital, the city's first surgical hospital for children, started in 1896 as a two-room Red Cross clinic. The Morozov family financed construction of the two-story existing building in Bolshaya Polyanka. Another free hospital was operated by the Marfo-Mariinsky Convent. Finally, the city and private philanthropists also provided cheap or free housing; the largest public housing projects were launched in the 1890s in Boloto. The best known of these projects, Bakhrushin Free Apartments (1898-1900, Sofiyskaya Embankment, 26), now houses Rosneft headquarters.
Modern history.
In 1922, Bolshevik authorities closed and looted 22 churches in Zamoskvorechye, including the churches of St. Joachim and St. Anne, St. Maron, St. Gregory of Nyssa and others; the Church of St. John the Warrior remained the only functioning church in Yakimanka. St. Joachim and St. Anne was torn down in 1933. However, compared to other districts, the Joseph Stalin era brought very little damage to Yakimanka; the area seemed to be neglected.
In the 1920s, the old Wine and Salt Court in Bersenevka was replaced by the House on Embankment; further south, Moscow's first cooperative apartment building was completed in 1926. Gorky Park development began in 1923 with the first All-Russian Agricultural Exhibition; in 1928, the fairgrounds were reopened as a public park. The existing Stalin-style entrance arch was added later, in 1950s.
The 1935 Moscow Master Plan called for completing the Boulevard Ring through Zamoskvorechye, which was not done. The only trace of this project is the 1937 Writers' Apartments building facing the Tretyakov building (expanded in the 1950s and 2000s); it housed elite writers like Yevgeny Petrov of Ilf and Petrov fame, Boris Pasternak, and Konstantin Paustovsky. Similar grand Stalinist buildings were planned all along the new route, but were cancelled.
The most important outcome of Stalin's projects came with completion of the 1932–1938 Moscow Canal: floods were no longer a threat for the Yakimanka lowlands. River banks that formerly shifted every season were firmly set in granite; all downtown Moscow river and Vodootvodny Canal bridges were rebuilt to six- to eight-lane capacity.
Major destruction of Yakimanka took place in Leonid Brezhnev's time. The western side of Bolshaya Yakimanka was rebuilt in the high-rise style typical of the time. Similar structures appeared in Polyanka Street, both as infills and as block-wide projects. This was followed by facadist "reconstruction" of the 1990s-2000s and new high-rises like the 15-story Copernicus building. The city, however, rejected construction of the avant-garde towers designed by Erick van Egeraat.
Government and infrastructure.
The Interstate Aviation Committee (IAC or MAK), the aviation accident technical investigation body of the Commonwealth of Independent States, has its head office in the district.
The Federal Penitentiary Service has its head office in Yakimanka District.
Public transportation access.
Moscow Metro:

</doc>
<doc id="9838535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838535" title="Son of Solstice">
Son of Solstice

Son of Solstice is the debut Artefact album, recorded at Kallaghan's (Sikh) studio in 2002. It was originally self-released in 2002 but was reissued in March 2004 by Rupture Music. In this album, Artefact displays a strong taste for long and rich compositions, with changing tempos and mystical moods, where black forces, nature, chaos and harmony play a main part. Riffs are heavy-styled, melodic and technically complex with vocals being quite deep and guttural.

</doc>
<doc id="9838573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838573" title="Aaron Bailey (American football)">
Aaron Bailey (American football)

Aaron Bailey (born October 24, 1971 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Indianapolis Colts in the National Football League. 
Bailey will be best remembered for what happened in the game. Trailing the Pittsburgh Steelers 20-16 with time for one last play, Quarterback Jim Harbaugh threw a Hail Mary pass that went to Bailey's direction, but officials ruled that Bailey dropped the ball and the Steelers advanced to Super Bowl XXX.
Bailey played for the Chicago Enforcers of the XFL in 2001 and has played in the Arena Football League (2001–2006).

</doc>
<doc id="9838578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838578" title="Half a Klip">
Half a Klip

Half a Klip is an EP album by American rapper Kool G Rap, released on February 5, 2008 by Chinga Chang, Latchey and Koch Records. It was the first new solo release from Kool G Rap in six years, and its producers included DJ Premier, Marley Marl, Domingo, and Marks. KL of Screwball, D-Roc and Haylie Duff appeared as a guest vocalists.
Background.
"Half a Klip" was Kool G Rap's first solo release since 2002's "The Giancana Story" and features nine original songs and two bonus tracks, showcasing the veteran rapper maintaining his gritty storytelling style while experimenting with a more contemporary sound. The EP was initially set to be released in March 2007 and then was pushed back to September 25, 2007 before finally coming out on February 5, 2008.
The song "What's More Realer Than That" came out as a street single in February 2007.
Reception.
"Half a Klip" received mostly mixed reviews from music critics. Greg Watkins from AllHipHop gave the EP 3½ out of five, saying "The nine tracks probably are not enough to support G Rap's claim of being underrated; especially since some of them only run for about two minutes. However, they do keep you thirsting for more which is probably what G Rap was hoping to do with this one". HipHopDX's J-23 gave the EP three out of five and said "The appropriately-titled "Half a Klip" may only be 9 tracks deep, but it brings the Kool Genius of Rap back where he needs to be. With production from former Juice Crew captain Marley Marl, DJ Premier, Domingo and Moss, the Queens legend is backed by the right kind of producers. The only glaring weak spot on the EP is "Turn It Out," a track that is just as cheesy as its horribly cliché hook; "riding to the club, candy coated on the dubs." That doesn't mean "Half A Klip" is flawless otherwise, other than on the original version of "100 Rounds" (from Domingo's "The Most Underrated"), and "With a Bullet" do you really get the G Rap of old; spitting breathless flames at a rapid pace".
Quentin B. Huff of PopMatters gave "Half a Klip" a score of five out of ten and noted "G Rap's rhymes are still gritty, grimy, and gory, and his flow is still intricately smooth, but the project as a whole travels lighter than you’ll want from an artist of his caliber". The Smoking Section scored the EP 2½ out of five, commenting "While Kool G Rap has the resiliency of a war-tested veteran, "Half a Klip" is not his best work".

</doc>
<doc id="9838604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838604" title="Anders Osborne">
Anders Osborne

Anders Osborne (born 1966, Uddevalla, Sweden) is an American singer and songwriter.
Early life.
As a teen, Anders started playing guitar and listening to Bob Dylan, Neil Young, Jackson Browne, and Joni Mitchell records. He fell in love with the vocal styles of Ray Charles, Van Morrison and Lowell George. Then he heard the blues of Robert Johnson and recordings of African drumming, and suddenly, everything clicked. "Blues connected everything together for me," Osborne recalls. "The early rock, the R&B, the jazz, the singer-songwriters. Blues was like a thread running through everything." He began playing in Open D tuning (a rare choice for a guitar virtuoso), which gives his fretwork a signature sound and feel. "I first heard Open D on Joni Mitchell's "Blue"," he says, "and my fingers just fit the tuning."
Anders left home at age sixteen, and hitchhiked and played music throughout Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, Asia, and the United States. He settled in New Orleans in 1985 and still calls Louisiana his home.
During his first decade in New Orleans, Anders lived in the French Quarter and Mid-City. He played regularly in local clubs, and after gaining a following, Anders received an independent record deal with Rabadash Records out of New Orleans, and released "Doin' Fine" in 1989.
Okeh Records.
Anders and his band toured the U.S. during these years and in 1995, he was signed to Okeh Records. He released "Which Way to Here", an album that dealt with spirituality and tolerance. The record became Osborne's first commercial break with two top-five singles "Favorite Son" and "Pleasin' You." Both were featured in several Hollywood movies, and the latter was later recorded by Jonny Lang.
Shanachie Entertainment.
Shanachie Entertainment signed Osborne in 1998 and, in 1999, released his fourth album, "Living Room", a personal record that signified some new directions in Osborne's music after the breakup with his longtime accompanist Theresa Andersson, drug use, and a family death. This album also features guest appearances by Keb' Mo', Kirk Joseph and Tommy Malone.
Besides writing for his own album, Osborne has had a number of his songs successfully recorded by other artists. Keb' Mo's 1999 Grammy Award winning album "Slow Down", featured two songs co-written with Osborne.
After his Shanachie recordings, Osborne worked as a professional songwriter in New Orleans and then in Nashville, first for PolyGram and then its successor Universal Music. His song, "Watch the Wind Blow By," was recorded by the country musician Tim McGraw, hitting No. 1 on the country charts for two weeks and selling over three million albums.
More recently, he’s co-written with Tab Benoit, Mike Zito and Johnny Sansone, for whom he’s also served as producer.
M.C. Records.
Returning to New Orleans from Nashville, he recorded "Coming Down" (2007), a stripped-down semi-acoustic album which was released on the M.C. label and was nominated for the 8th Annual Independent Music Awards Folk/Singer-Songwriter Album of the Year.
Alligator Records.
In 2009, Osborne recorded a new, full band album co-produced by Osborne, Galactic’s Stanton Moore and Pepper Keenan. All songs on the album were written or co-written by Osborne. The album was picked up by Chicago-based Alligator Records, who signed Osborne and released the new recording in 2010 under the title "American Patchwork". New Orleans’ "OffBeat" magazine praised the album, saying, “American Patchwork is the album Osborne fans have been waiting for. The record is a focused and tuneful triumph. Osborne’s gifts as a guitar player are significant. His voice is so emotionally intense it feels like an explosion. He writes with remarkable eloquence...this is the living definition of great art.” "Relix" described the album as “raging, expressive guitar and soulful singing...from scorched-earth rock to sweet, tender ballads.” 
Since the release of "American Patchwork", Osborne has toured virtually non-stop, performing with his own band, solo with Keb Mo, with The Stanton Moore Trio, with Toots and the Maytals, alongside Karl Denson’s Tiny Universe and with Luther Dickinson as well as with The Voice Of The Wetlands All-Stars. He appeared on Galactic’s song "Dark Water" from their "Ya Ka Ma" album, and in 2011 produced and played on critically acclaimed albums by Tab Benoit, Johnny Sansone and Mike Zito. In 2012, he played on and acted as associate producer of Billy Iuso’s "Naked" album.
Along the way, he also found time to write and record the next chapter in his still-unfolding career, "Black Eye Galaxy", released in 2012. Recorded at the famed Dockside Studio in Maurice, Louisiana, "Black Eye Galaxy" was produced by Osborne along with engineer Warren Riker and Galactic's Stanton Moore. Sounds on the album range from heavy electric mayhem to acoustic melodicism. "Blurt" Magazine said, “Black Eye Galaxy is a work of art -- a throwback to the days before corporations completely controlled and corrupted media and culture. It is the struggle of a man to survive addiction and find some peace and redemption. Great art is not afraid to say something and take big risks. And on each work he does, Osborne grows as an artist. We are lucky to get a chance to witness this. The blues is about hard truth and healing. And to the extent he covers both; you could say he is a blues guy. Kudos must go to Alligator Records -- a great if not our greatest-blues label -- for letting Anders Osborne follow his vision, inspire us with his story and dazzle us with his craft. Black Eye Galaxy is a great album.” 
In late 2012, he was back in the studio recording a six-song EP entitled "Three Free Amigos", which was released by Alligator early in 2013. The EP, produced by Osborne and Warren Riker, focused more on Osborne’s melodic, acoustic side. Players included Osborne’s touring band of bassist Carl Dufresne and drummer Eric Bolivar, plus guitarist Billy Iuso and multi-instrumentalist Johnny Sansone, Osborne himself played guitar, bass, keyboards and drums on various tracks. It was described by "Relix" as “rugged, soulful singing superb hard-hitting songs…A phenomenal blend of self-awareness, spirit and muscle.” 
Osborne continues to tour almost constantly, both with his own band and in combination with other artists. He’s appeared multiple times at the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival as well as at Bonnaroo Music Festival, The High Sierra Festival, The Telluride Blues & Brews Festival, The Hollowbaloo Music & Arts Festival in Honolulu, the Hangout Festival, WYEP Summer Music Fest, Central Park SummerStage, as well as playing with Phil Lesh and others at Terrapin Crossroads.
He most recent release, "Peace", was released on October 8, 2013. Osborne was quoted as saying, “Peace is light from darkness. The songs are written from the outside looking in. They are not making any judgments. I’m just stating facts. I’m writing from a brighter perspective. There’s less dusk and dark, and much more sunlight. The results are greater than I expected. The driving tones and sounds are free and natural. This is one of the coolest records I’ve ever made.”

</doc>
<doc id="9838616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838616" title="Căpâlnița">
Căpâlnița

Căpâlnița (, Hungarian pronunciation: , meaning "Village with a Chapel") is a commune in Harghita County, Romania. It lies in the Székely Land, an ethno-cultural region in eastern Transylvania. It is composed of a single village, Căpâlnița.
History.
The village belonged to Udvarhelyszék district until the administrative reform of Transylvania in 1876, when they fell within the Udvarhely County in the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, they became part of Romania and fell within Odorhei County during the interwar period. In 1940, the second Vienna Award granted the Northern Transylvania to Hungary and the villages were held by Hungary until 1944. After Soviet occupation, the Romanian administration returned and the commune became officially part of Romania in 1947. Between 1952 and 1960, the commune fell within the Magyar Autonomous Region, between 1960 and 1968 the Mureș-Magyar Autonomous Region. In 1968, the province was abolished, and since then, the commune has been part of Harghita County.
Demographics.
The commune has an absolute Székely (Hungarian) majority. According to the 2002 census it has a population of 1,983 of which 99.24% or 1,968 are Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="9838639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838639" title="Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant">
Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant

The Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant, located near Ophir, Colorado, was the world's first commercial system to produce and transmit alternating current (AC) electricity for industrial use. It is now on the List of IEEE Milestones.
In the summer of 1890, Westinghouse Electric supplied the station's generator and motor. They were installed in the winter, and from Spring 1891 provided alternating current electricity that was transmitted to a motor-driven stamp mill at the Gold King Mine. The mill was at the time at risk of shutdown from lack of timber fuel for its existing steam mill. The AC power plant effort was financed by L.L. Nunn.
The generator is driven by a six-foot Pelton wheel under a head. Its Westinghouse single-phase generator was the largest then manufactured, generating electricity at 3000 volts, 133 Hertz, single-phase AC. Voltmeters and ammeters were of both the solenoid and gravity balance types. The transmission line was built from Western Union cross-arms with insulators carrying two bare copper wires. Total wire costs were about US $700, about 1% of the cost estimated for a direct-current line. The entire plant required 15 to 20 attendants for its continuous operation.
The alternating current was proven to be effective as it was transmitted two miles (3 km) at a loss of less than 5%.
The station was built during the "War of Currents" between Westinghouse and Thomas Edison as to whether alternating current or direct current electric power would prevail, and its success led to adoption of alternating current at much larger plants at Niagara Falls (Adams Power Plant in 1895) and its eventual dominance worldwide.
The Ames plant became part of the Nunn’s Telluride Power Company which would later become part of Western Colorado Power Company, formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of Utah Power and Light.
Public Service Company acquired the plant with other Colorado Ute properties in 1992.
The 1905 power house is still in service for Public Service Company, a subsidiary of Xcel Energy., with two Pelton wheels powering a single 1904 General Electric generator, with output of 2,400 volts, and 1,082 amperes at a speed of 225 R.P.M.
Significance in the history of the electrical energy supply.
The Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant power plant is the oldest hydropower plant, which produces and transmit alternating current for industrial purposes, means for operating machinery.
The oldest hydroelectric power plant supplying a commercial transmission system for alternative current is the power plant Thorenberg near Lucerne in Switzerland. The plant started operation in May 1886 and fed a nearly long transmission line with a voltage of 1,800 volts. The voltage was transformed to 100 volt to be used for the electric illumination in some hotels and restaurants in the downtown area of the city. 
A few months before the Thorenberg plant the first alternative current distribution network with two voltage level started operation in Great Barrington, Massachusetts at March 20, 1886. The power for this system was generator by a steam engine. 

</doc>
<doc id="9838648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838648" title="Floyd Turner">
Floyd Turner

Floyd Turner, Jr. (born May 29, 1966 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League. He played nine seasons for New Orleans Saints (1989–1993), the Indianapolis Colts (1994–1995), and the Baltimore Ravens (1996, 1998). After his playing days ended, Turner was involved in a check laundering scheme that stole over 12 million dollars from Bank One.[http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/0702/17/siu.01.html]
Turner wore number 88 with the Colts just before the arrival of Marvin Harrison.

</doc>
<doc id="9838652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838652" title="Elbert Drungo">
Elbert Drungo

Elbert J. Drungo, Jr. (born April 30, 1943 in Columbus, Mississippi) is a former American football offensive lineman for one season in the American Football League for the Houston Oilers, then seven more seasons with the Oilers in the National Football League. He finished his career with the Buffalo Bills. Drungo played college football at Tennessee State University.

</doc>
<doc id="9838664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838664" title="Koanga">
Koanga

Koanga is an opera with music by Frederick Delius, his third opera, written between 1896 and 1897, and a libretto by Charles F. Keary, inspired partly by ' of George Washington Cable. Inspiration also came from Delius's own experiences as a young man when his family sent him to work in Florida. Delius himself thought well of the opera compared to its predecessors, "Irmelin" and "The Magic Fountain", because of the incorporation of dance scenes and his treatment of the choruses. "Koanga" is reputed to be the first opera in the European tradition to base much of its melodic material on African-American music.
Performance history.
"Koanga" was the first of Delius's operas to be performed. It was also the most labor-intensive with regard to the libretto, which was continually being revised. The opera was posthumously published in 1935.
It was performed privately in March 1899 in Paris, at the residence of Adela Maddison. Gabriel Fauré was among the performers, and the audience included Prince Edmond de Polignac and the Princesse de Polignac. Selections from the opera were performed in London on 30 May 1899 at St James's Hall, in a concert of his own music organised by Delius.
The first public staging of the opera was in the Stadttheater, Elberfeld, Germany on 30 March 1904. It was sung in German, using a translation by Jelka Delius, and conducted by Fritz Cassirer.
Sir Thomas Beecham directed the British premiere for the full opera on 23 September 1935 at the Royal Opera House Covent Garden. John Brownlee sang the title role, with Oda Slobodskaya as Palmyra.
A later revival was in 1972 for the Camden Festival at the Sadler's Wells Theatre, London, conducted by Sir Charles Groves. Douglas Craig and Andrew Page had worked extensively on revisions to a performing edition, which was used for the first complete commercial recording conducted by Groves. Robert Threlfall has examined revisions to the text of "Koanga" in its various editions. More recent revisions to the libretto have been by Olwen Wymark.
The single most famous musical passage from the opera contains the melody known as "La Calinda", which is the only part of the score that has remained famous in the concert hall. Eric Fenby, Delius's amanuensis, has spoken of the opera as follows:
""Koanga" is one of those singular works that attract attention in Delius's development but which stand apart from the rest of his music. Usually, once a work was written, Delius's interest in it would wane. It would then be renewed and be relived temporarily every time he heard it again. For "Koanga", however, he showed concern as though it held some secret bond that bound him to his youth in Florida. It was the one work he deplored in old age he was never likely to hear again. And so it proved. A dark grandeur pervades the score which, whilst yielding to hankerings after Wagner, recalls the tragic gusto of Verdi. The elements of time, place and plot allowed him a range of textures and moods wider than in his other operas."
The first US staging of "Koanga", or of any Delius opera, was by the Opera Society of Washington in late 1970 and early 1971. 
London's Pegasus Opera Company staged "Koanga" in April 2007 at Sadler's Wells Theatre. 
William Randel has studied the relationship of the opera and its libretto to the original story of Cable.
Synopsis.
Prologue.
Uncle Joe is about to tell the tale of Koanga and Palmyra, at the request of the planters’ daughters.
Act 1.
"Years earlier"
Palmyra, the maid to Clotilda (the wife of the plantation owner Don José Martinez), watches Simon Perez, the plantation overseer, rouse up the slaves for their labours. Perez declares his love for Palmyra, but she brushes aside such sentiments. Martinez arrives, and Perez tells him of the arrival of a new slave. The new slave is Koanga, a captured African prince. Koanga invokes his gods to avenge his betrayal. Perez states that Koanga would rather die than be a slave, but Martinez suggests that Palmyra can be used to change his sentiments. Koanga and Palmyra are introduced, and become attracted to each other. Perez becomes angry at this turn of events. Clotilda is appalled at this herself, as Palmyra is her half-sister.
Act 2.
Preparations for the wedding of Koanga and Palmyra are taking place. Clotilda consults with Perez as to how to stop this wedding. Perez tells Palmyra the truth about her birth, but she remains determined to marry Koanga. Just as the wedding ceremony is about to occur, Perez kidnaps Palmyra. Koanga then fights with Martinez and prevails in the man-to-man struggle. Koanga escapes to the swamp and invokes magic to bring disease contagion to the plantation. However, he has a vision of Palmyra’s suffering, which causes him to return to the plantation. When he arrives, Perez is trying to embrace Palmyra. Koanga kills Perez, but is in turn captured and executed. Palmyra mourns for Koanga, and then takes her own life.
Epilogue.
The planter's daughters respond to Uncle Joe’s story, as the sun rises.

</doc>
<doc id="9838670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838670" title="Adelaide Casely-Hayford">
Adelaide Casely-Hayford

Adelaide Casely-Hayford, "née" Smith (27 June 1868—16 January 1960), was a Sierra Leone Creole advocate, an activist for cultural nationalism, educator, short story writer, and feminist. She established a school for girls in 1923 to instil cultural and racial pride during the colonial years under British rule. Promoting the preservation of Sierra Leone national identity and cultural heritage, in 1925 she wore a traditional African costume to attend a reception in honour of the Prince of Wales, where she created a sensation.
Early life and education.
Adelaide Smith was born on 27 June 1868 in Freetown, Sierra Leone, to a mixed-race father (of English and royal Fanti parentage) from the Gold Coast and a Creole mother of English, Jamaican Maroon, and Sierra Leone Liberated African ancestry. The young Adelaide and her sisters spent most of their childhood and adolescence in England, where her father had retired in 1872 with his family on a pension of 666 poundsterling. She attended Jersey Ladies' College (now Jersey College for Girls), then at the age of 17 went to Stuttgart, Germany, to study music at the Stuttgart Conservatory. She returned to England, where, together with her sister, she opened a boarding home for African bachelors who were there as students or workers. 
Marriage and family.
While in England, Adelaide Smith married J. E. Casely Hayford (a.k.a. Ekra-Agiman). Their marriage may have given her a deeper insight into African culture and influenced her transformation into a cultural nationalist. Their daughter Gladys Casely-Hayford became a well-known Creole poet.
Return to Freetown.
After twenty-five years abroad, Casely-Hayford and her sisters returned to Sierra Leone. Inspired by the ideas of racial pride and co-operation advanced by Marcus Garvey's Universal Negro Improvement Association (UNIA), she joined the Ladies Division of the Freetown Branch. She rose to be its president. In June 1920, she resigned from the association because of a conflict of interest between it and her proposed Girls' Vocational School. She toured the United States, giving public lectures to correct American notions about Africa.
Back in Freetown, Casely-Hayford embarked on establishing a vocational institution to help girls learn their cultural background and instil national pride. In October 1923, the Girls' Vocational School opened in the Smith family home with fourteen pupils. As principal, Casely-Hayford would have preferred the pupils to wear native dress to school, but their parents rejected this idea.
She spent her later years writing her memoirs and short stories. Her short story "Mista Courifer" was featured in Langston Hughes' "African Treasury: Articles, Essays, Stories, Poems" (1960), a collection of short works by African writers, published in the United States. 
Legacy and honors.
Casely-Hayford opposed the injustices of the colonial system and advocated cultural nationalism, earning the respect of British authorities. 

</doc>
<doc id="9838762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838762" title="Sweetness (Jimmy Eat World song)">
Sweetness (Jimmy Eat World song)

"Sweetness" is a song by American alternative rock band Jimmy Eat World. It was released in June 2002 as the third single from their 2001 album, "Bleed American". The song was also featured on the soundtrack for the EA Sports video game "NHL 2003". It was originally written to appear on the album "Clarity"; the band played the song live many times during the "Clarity" tour, and a demo recording of it was included on the 2007 re-issue of "Clarity".
Critical reception.
Like the rest of "Bleed American", "Sweetness" was generally well received by critics. Punknews.org stated that "'Sweetness' is so unbelievably catchy, I'm having trouble coming up with an analogy to get it across."
Music video.
The video for "Sweetness" features the band performing at various locations, including a bedroom, a bar, and a concert.
Tracklist.
UK CD1
UK CD2
Australian Single (2002)

</doc>
<doc id="9838800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838800" title="A. S. M. Abdur Rab">
A. S. M. Abdur Rab

A. S. M. Abdur Rob (born 1945) is a Bangladeshi politician. As the Vice President of Dhaka University Students' Union, Rob was the first person to hoist the Flag of Bangladesh on 2 March 1971 at the historic location bawt-tawla.
After the independence of Bangladesh, Rob formed the left-wing Jatiyo Samajtantrik Dal (National Socialist Party). He became the leader of the opposition in 1988 and also served as a minister of Sheikh Hasina's cabinet from 1996-2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9838825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838825" title="Rang Ghar">
Rang Ghar

The rang Ghar (Pron:/ˌɹæŋ ˈgɑː/, Assamese: ৰংঘৰ, "rong ghor" meaning "House of Entertainment") is a two-storied building which once served as the royal sports-pavilion where Ahom kings and nobles were spectators at games like buffalo fights and other sports at Rupahi Pathar ("pathar" meaning "field" in Assamese) - particularly during the Rangali Bihu festival in the Ahom capital of Rangpur.
It is 3 km away from the center of the Sivasagar Town. Situated by the side of the Assam Trunk Road, it lies to the northeast of the Rangpur Palace, a seven-storied royal complex comprising the Talatal Ghar and the Kareng Ghar.
History.
Said to be one of the oldest surviving amphitheaters in Asia, the building was constructed during the reign of Swargadeo Pramatta Singha in AD 1744-1750.
Architecture.
The roof of the Rang Ghar is shaped like an inverted royal Ahom long boat. The base of the monument has a series of arched entrances, while atop the roof sits a decorative pair of carved stone crocodiles.
Many of the arched entrances have retained little more than their brick framework, with mere vestiges of sculptural adornments here and there. The Ahoms, who used special, thin, baked bricks, did not use cement but a paste of rice and eggs as mortar for their construction. They also made use of powdered mixed lime and bricks to cover the surface of the inner walls. It is said that this layer of powder used to keep the inside of the Rang Ghar cool.
The adjoining field, known as Rupohi Pothar, wore a festive look when games like bull-fight, cock-fight, elephant fight, wrestling, etc., were held on different occasions during the Ahom rule. Rang Ghar, besides standing as the royal pavilion, also contributed in spreading the games to different parts of the kingdom and its neighbouring States.
About a kilometer to the northeast of the Rang Ghar is the Joysagar Pukhuri. This is a man-made tank, encompassing an area of about 120 bighas of land. It was dug in memory of Joymoti Konwari, mother of Rudra Singha - the most illustrious of the Ahom kings.
Present condition.
Frequent earthquakes and seismic surveys being undertaken by the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation are posing a threat to Assam’s 18th century amphitheatre Rang Ghar. At least 35 cracks have been noticed at various places on the walls of the historic Rang Ghar.

</doc>
<doc id="9838835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9838835" title="Foster Farms (poultry company)">
Foster Farms (poultry company)

Foster Farms is a United States West Coast poultry company. The company has been privately owned and operated by the Foster family since 1939. The company is based in Livingston, California, with operations throughout the West Coast and a few on the East Coast. The company specializes in a variety of chicken and turkey products advertised as fresh and naturally locally grown.
History.
Beginnings.
Foster Farms was established in 1939 by Max and Verda Foster. They began by investing $1,000 into a farm in Modesto, California, on which they raised turkeys. The back porch was Max's office and the first hatchery was built next to their bedroom so the eggs could get constant care. In 1942, Max quit his day job as a reporter and city editor for the Modesto Bee. Around this time, the Fosters expanded into raising cattle and chickens. As the business grew, the Fosters acquired another farm and a feed mill in the 1950s. The feed mill allowed the company some independence from outside feed contracts. In 1959, Foster Farms built a processing plant in Livingston, California, and in 1960, the company's headquarters was moved there from Modesto. Livestock were slaughtered, processed, and packaged at the Livingston plant on an assembly line.
1970s.
In 1969, Max and Verda Foster turned the company over to their son, Paul Foster, who became President of Foster Farms. In 1973, Foster Farms opened a major distribution center in El Monte, California, serving southern California. In 1977, Paul died of a sudden heart attack, and his brother Thomas became president of the company.
1980s.
In 1982, the company bought the property of The Grange Company and its branch, Valchris Poultry. After this purchase the company re-entered the turkey business and began to produce deli products under the Foster Farms name. By the 1980s, Foster Farms had many new products to offer, such as bologna, poultry franks and luncheon meats. Sales tripled between 1975 and 1988; by 1987, Foster Farms was selling about 140 million chickens per year, making it the largest chicken producer in California. The company's hens laid around 2.2 million eggs per week, which were then transported to hatcheries and kept in an incubator for 18 days. When the chicks hatched, they were taken to different ranches for about 52 days, while they ate the company's own corn and soybean meals.
With the discovery that saturated fat intake was linked to heart disease, Americans began to eat less red meat and more chicken. This change dramatically increased sales for Foster Farms. Sales began to drop in 1987, after a report broadcast on the television newsmagazine show "60 Minutes" claimed that a high percentage of chicken was infected with salmonella. In response, the company invited the media to visit its processing centers so that customers could see that Foster Farms chickens were not harmful.
1990s.
In 1992, brothers George and Tom gave up their roles of president and chief executive to a non-family member, Robert Fox. The Foster brothers remained on the company's board. Sales began to expand once again and so did the company, purchasing Lynden Farms for approximately $8.2 million in 1994. By 1996 annual sales totaled around $900 million. The company had become the largest poultry producer on the entire West Coast and the eighth largest in the nation. In 1997, the company bought the leading poultry producer in Washington, Pederson's Fryer Farms, for approximately $7 million. The company opened a $45 million, 500-job processing facility in South Kelso, Washington in 1998. It also acquired the Butterball Turkey Company's turkey processing plant and feed mill in Turlock, California, along with a hatchery in Fresno, California, and purchased Griffith Foods, an Alabama producer of corn dogs. In 1999 Tom Foster died; George Foster remained active in the company. That same year Foster Farms produced over 750 million pounds of poultry and was the second-largest corn dog producer in the United States.
2000s.
In October 2001, Foster Farms acquired the chicken operations of Southern California's Zacky Farms. This addition included Zacky Farms' Fresno plant, hatchery, feed mill, and live productions ranches, as well as its Los Angeles distribution center. With the addition of 1,500 new employees, production increased significantly. In 2003, Foster Farms introduced the Fresh & Easy line of individually wrapped, pre-washed boneless, skinless breast and thighs. In 2004, the company built a new distribution center. Today Max and Verda's grandson, Ron Foster, is the company's CEO. He worked with his grandfather for 23 years and now oversees Foster Farms' more than 10,000 employees.
"Say No to Plumping".
In 2007, the company began a campaign to counter plumping, the practice of adding up to 15% weight to raw poultry by injecting it with saltwater and seaweed extract and/or chicken stock. This poultry can still be marketed and sold as "all natural" even though it is artificially enhanced. Foster Farms called upon the U.S. Department of Agriculture to withhold the "all natural" label from plumped chicken. It also instituted a video marketing campaign called "Say No to Plumping" to alert the public to the practice. The campaign won a Gold Effie Award in 2010.
2010s.
In 2013, Foster Farms was certified as a humane producer by the American Humane Association, becoming the first major broiler chicken producer in the U.S. to carry the American Humane Association seal. The Foster Farms Poultry Education and Research Facility at California State University at Fresno's Jordan College of Agricultural Sciences and Technology was also certified by the American Humane Association.
Controversies.
In late 1997, hundreds of employees went on strike for two weeks. They agreed to a new contract and went back to work at the end of October 1997. Hundreds of San Joaquin Valley poultry plant workers struck in October 2005, accusing Foster Farms of unfair labor practices.
In 1998, Foster Poultry Farms pleaded guilty in the United States District Court to a violation of the federal Clean Water Act. The company had dumped 11 million gallons of chicken-manure-polluted water into the San Luis National Wildlife Refuge.
Salmonella outbreak.
On October 7, 2013, the U.S. Department of Agriculture issued a public health alert for raw chicken packaged at three Foster Farms facilities in California as an estimated 278 people had fallen ill in the past six months. Strains of multiple antibiotic-resistant Salmonella Heidelberg are associated with chicken distributed to retail outlets in California, Oregon and Washington state. The outbreak spread to 18 states, though most of the reported illnesses were in California. The USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service did not mandate a recall of chicken from those facilities. It deemed the company's poultry safe to eat as long as it is cooked to a minimum of 165 degrees Fahrenheit. The USDA agreed to let affected poultry plants remain open after the company agreed to fix problems. 
In mid-June 2014, Foster Farms executives announced that via stringent measures the company had cut Salmonella contamination in its raw cut-up chicken to about 2%, well below the national industry average of 25%. They reiterated standard food safety advice to handle raw poultry safely and cook it to at least 165 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Finances and industry statistics.
Also in 2005, Foster Farms was awarded California's highest environmental honor, the Governor's Environmental and Economic Leadership Award (GEELA), from Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. The GEELA program recognizes exceptional leadership and notable contributions in conserving California’s resources and recognizes the significance of a joint project between Foster Farms and the East Bay Municipal Utility District (EBMUD).
The company received the 2005 POWER Award from Public Officials for Water and Environmental Reform. The annual POWER Award honors companies that provide solutions to the state's water issues and serve as models to others in this regard.
Foster Farms is one of the biggest West Coast poultry producers. The revenue increase has been accompanied by a decrease in manpower. As of December 2007, the company’s revenues stood at approximately $2.00 billion, an 11.1% change in revenue from the previous year. At the same time, the company was estimated to employ approximately 10,500 people.

</doc>
