<doc id="9708401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708401" title="List of As Told by Ginger characters">
List of As Told by Ginger characters

Throughout the various episodes in As Told by Ginger, a number of recurring characters appear. Prominent characters are listed here.
The Foutleys.
Ginger Foutley.
Ginger Foutley (voiced by Melissa Disney) is an average 14-16 year-old eighth-tenth grade girl. She was not considered "popular" until Courtney Gripling (Liz Georges), the stereotypical "school diva", decided to befriend her. Through Ginger, Courtney is able to view how the world works outside of the popular clique. However, Courtney's "right-hand woman", Miranda Killgallen (Cree Summer), becomes increasingly jealous of Courtney and Ginger's relationship, and stops at nothing to relegate Ginger to her previous role of geek. Aside from Courtney, Ginger has a group of loyal friends (Dodie Bishop, voiced by Aspen Miller, and Macie Lightfoot, voiced by Jackie Harris), who are nearly always ready to back her up.
At home, Ginger's mother Lois (Laraine Newman), single mom and nurse, attempts to give Ginger advice for the majority of her situations, but, as Ginger is often too embarrassed to listen to her mother's reasoning, she ends up learning from her own mistakes much of the time. Ginger's younger brother, fourth-grader Carl (Jeannie Elias), often attempts to use Ginger as a "guinea pig" for his experiments and twisted schemes. However, he has tried this so much that Ginger can usually tell that he is up to something, and refuses to comply. Early on in the series, Ginger did not know much about her father, who left the family shortly after Carl was born. In "Hello Stranger" she invited him to her poetry reading at school. Although he did not respond to the invitation, Ginger was convinced he would show anyway, and thus, was devastated when he didn't. In "An "Even-Steven" Holiday Special" (the title of which refers to Ginger being torn between how to celebrate Christmas and Chanukah at the same time after learning that she is one-quarter Jewish), Jonas returns to the family briefly after seeing Carl playing Santa Claus on the street. Though never having officially found his way back into the family, Jonas became more of an installation in the show, appearing at various intervals to give Ginger fatherly advice.
Ginger is portrayed as excelling academically. A self-described "science geek", and frequent "kiss-up" to her chemistry teacher, Mr. Celia, Ginger is also a very talented writer, particularly gifted at writing poetry. In "The "A" Ticket", her crush, Ian Richton, was paired up with her as a lab partner, but used her to get an A so he could stay on the soccer team, much to Ginger's chagrin. Ginger is a favorite of her English teacher, Ms. Zorski, due to her talent for writing. Ginger once wrote a poem entitled "And Then She Was Gone" (in the episode "And She Was Gone"), to Ms. Zorski's concern, who subsequently sent Ginger to the school counselor. Her talent for writing is expounded on in the , when we are shown that Ginger has become a successful author later in life.
Ginger's love life was not terribly successful throughout the course of the show. Initially, she harbored a crush on Ian Richton, which presumably ended when she discovered he was only using her to get an A in science. Another notable relationship that Ginger has had is with Sasha, a boy she met at camp. She left camp on good terms with Sasha, but when she visited him at his school in "Ginger's Solo", he tells her he has a girlfriend. Her relationship with good friend and neighbor Darren Patterson (Kenny Blank) was incredibly tumultuous and underwent much change during the series. In "Dare I, Darren?" Ginger began to look at Darren in a more romantic light following Miranda's suggestion that they (Ginger and Darren) would make a good couple. Later on, in the episode "Never Can Say Goodbye", she develops a physical attraction to Darren after he gets his headgear removed. Despite attempts to deny these newfound feelings, Ginger becomes incredibly jealous when Darren and Miranda begin to date. Finally, in , Ginger and Darren become an official couple. However, when they reach high school, Darren soon takes interest in a cheerleader named Simone. Darren then cheats on Ginger, leaving her heartbroken. She then develops acute appendicitis and has to go to the hospital. She then finds comfort in a new friend, Orion. She and Orion never have an official relationship, but more of a flirtatious friendship. However, in the series finale, , Ginger "takes the leap" and is shown with Orion at her mother's wedding.
However, at the end of the episode, when Ginger's future is shown, she not only is wearing a wedding (or perhaps engagement ring), but is shown with Darren, who is holding a baby that looks rather like Ginger.
Carl Foutley.
Carl Foutley (voiced by Jeannie Elias)is Ginger's younger brother, who is 9 years old and in the fourth grade in the first season. He and his sidekick, "Hoodsey" Bishop (Tress MacNeille), come up with their schemes and perform their experiments in an abandoned doghouse in the Foutleys' backyard. The doghouse once belonged to the Foutleys' dog Monster, who ran away many years prior to the beginning of the series. In the , Monster returns to the Foutleys. Because of his unique, yet disturbing personality, his family sometimes act like they don't like him, and often criticize him.
Courtney Gripling's younger brother, Blake, is often the recipient of Carl's bad humor, due to the repeated theft of a petrified eyeball that initially belonged to Carl. Blake can usually be seen trying to get on Carl's good side, but Carl refuses his advances and takes every opportunity to humiliate Blake.
Carl's catch phrase is "classified." He is incredibly secretive about his plans, revealing as little as possible about them to anyone who may inquire, even if he needs outside help acquiring the necessary materials to carry them out, of which include catching a naked mole rat, turning himself into a wolf and attempting to stay on a ski lift for 16 hours.
Despite his love of the gross and unusual things, Carl's also got a big heart, as shown on several occasions; delivering a beautiful eulogy at Maude's funeral (Carl & Maude), and even openly crying after hearing about Mrs. Gordon's untimely passing hours after he'd tried to get her to return. In one episode "Fast Reputation," it was actually revealed that Carl is a great cook. Joann Bishop (Dodie and Hoodsey's mother) does not like Carl and often speaks very ill of him, despite his usual attempts to be nice to her.
Carl's one true love is Noelle Sussman (Emily Kapnek). Originally, Noelle was viewed by Carl as a nobody on whom he could test his "disappearing powder", as he felt that she was expendable and would not be missed. As he studies the progress of his experiments, however, he realizes what a truly weird girl Noelle is, and that he misses her, leading the two to develop a relationship in .
The shows Carl and Hoodsey becoming popular TV reporters. They are also among the group at a reading of Ginger's latest book.
Lois Foutley.
Lola "Lois" Foutley (voiced by Laraine Newman), Lois Foutley is Ginger and Carl's mother. She is supposedly 31 years old, but this is likely a lie, more likely; like Dodie and Courtney's mum's, she is 34. Lois is also a Nurse. She seems to be fond of celery in the later episodes, and can often be seen munching away. Although she is a nurturing mother to Ginger and Carl, she is also something of a strict disciplinarian, and does not hesitate to put her foot down when she feels it is necessary; for example, in , Ginger, Dodie, and Macie create their own make-up using crayons, pudding, and other household ingredients. Lois becomes furious at this blatant defiance, for she had already told Ginger that she was too young to wear makeup, and subsequently grounds Ginger "indefinitely" without hearing her reasoning. However, with Carl, Lois seems to have adopted a "don't ask, don't tell" philosophy. In episode 23, it is revealed that Lois has a strange fear of accountants (although mentioned in passing and never brushed up upon again). Within the same episode, you can hear her mutter to herself her wish of the demise of all pygmy elephants. Although it has been debatable among fans. Often, leaving many fans to review the episode over to try and catch it. She drives an old blue Volkswagen Beetle, which has an engine fire in the episode .
Before the beginning of the series, Lois was married to Jonas Foutley, who left her shortly after Carl's birth. Lois' love life remained dormant until , when she and Buzz (the plumber who fixed the Foutleys' mold problem in ), develop a flirtatious relationship, later leading to Buzz and his three sons moving into the Foutley house, and becoming an annoyance by giving everything "a man's touch". Buzz continually uses the excuse "boys will be boys" to justify he and his sons' conduct, eventually leading Lois to break up with him.
A while after this, she then began seeing a coworker from the hospital, Dr. David Dave. He proposed to her in and they were married in the series finale, .
It is worth noting that Lois kept Jonas' last name although they had presumably been divorced for somewhere around ten years (assuming Jonas left before Carl was a year old and considering Carl is in fourth grade, which would make him nine or ten years old) at the series' beginning.
Jonas Foutley.
Jonas Foutley (voiced by Tom Virtue) is Ginger and Carl's father, who abandoned them and Lois sometime after Carl was born. Ginger never had any fond or, for that matter, clear memories of her father, and all the photographs of him that are in her possession are of his feet.
In , Jonas Foutley is 34 years old, and he lives in an apartment, which is where Carl's male friend, Hoodsey has never been in before. Although he never returns Ginger's call, she convinces herself that he will show up at her reading. Lois, however, rightly believes that he will not appear. Lois is in the hospital at the time of Ginger's performance, and has sunflowers sent to the school with a card signed "Dad", but Ginger figures out that Lois sent the flowers and her father let her down.
In , Jonas is shown performing as Santa Claus, standing on the street corner, collecting money, and happens to come across Carl and Hoodsey. Hoodsey believes that Jonas is really Santa Claus, and confides in him that Carl does not believe in Santa, because Santa has never granted him his only wish (to have his father home for Christmas). After hearing this, Jonas decides to pay the Foutleys a visit, which somewhat improved his relationship with his children.
Though Jonas never really becomes a fixture in the family, he appears sometimes to bequeath fatherly advice to Ginger, and to teach her about the extended family from which she is descended. Carl, however, is still bitter towards his dad for abandoning him and limits his contact with him.
Jonas is described as an "animal lover" and has a pet dog named Ben.
Dr. David Dave.
Dr.David Dave is 39 years old. Although not an official Foutley, Dr. Dave and Lois were married in the . He had worked very closely with Lois at the hospital since the beginning of the series. Over the course of the show, there were numerous hints of him having a crush on Lois. He proposed in . His mother, 60 years old, does not approve of their relationship and in hired someone to sabotage it, but was stopped and the wedding went on as planned.
The Bishops.
Deirdra Hortense 'Dodie' Bishop.
Dodie Bishop, 14 years old (voiced by Aspen Miller), along with Macie Lightfoot, makes up Ginger's inner circle of friends. Dodie is known for her big mouth and her love of gossip; she is often seen updating Ginger on the latest happenings with the popular group or on modern romance. She appears to be very needy and wants nothing more than to be popular, often doing unscrupulous things in order to achieve a high social status. For example in the episode "Dodie's Big Break", she feigned a broken leg in order to win a much-coveted spot on the cheerleading squad, but her ruse was uncovered by Ginger and Macie. Usually, however, whenever she believes she is on the verge of becoming popular, she becomes somewhat corrupt and dishonest and always ends up back where she started. While it is difficult for her to realize when her ploys for popularity, acceptance and sometimes manipulation have gone too far, she will do all she can to apologize and repair the damage done as soon as she realizes what she's done. It is also noted that while she occasionally succumbs to the lure of being popular on her own, she usually wants her best friends included in her schemes: she is at core a loyal friend, and will usually stop herself short of harming Ginger and Macie. At the series' beginning, Courtney Gripling referred to her as "Potie" and hardly acknowledged her existence. However, as Courtney grows closer to Ginger, she ends up growing closer to Dodie, as well.
In , Dodie becomes the school announcer. Concerned with the dullness of the announcements, Dodie begins to intersperse school information with interesting tidbits of gossip. This turns the morning announcements into a much-anticipated event, and also makes her the talk of popular kids as she somehow knows things that even Miranda Killgallen admits not knowing. Pressured to keep her announcements interesting and running out of news, Dodie finds the list of kids who have lice, and decides to read it over the loudspeaker when she discovers Courtney's name on it. Ginger manages to stop her before she gets to Courtney's name, and while briefly angry at her friend, Dodie soon understands she's gotten carried away by the popularity and resigns.
She is the daughter of Joann and David Charles Bishop; Joann appears to be the source of Dodie's ruthless and deceitful nature, as Robert explained to his daughter that, as a teenager, Joann was the very same as Dodie: desperate for popularity, but always falling short of it. She is however far less judgemental and controlling than her mother, perhaps thanks to influence from her mild, timid father and his sharper perception of the word.
Dodie is very close to her best friends, and can react very strongly when she feels she might lose her place in their hearts to someone else. She has even been resentful of the otherwise idolized Courtney Gripling, becoming jealous when she invites Ginger to participate in social events such as birthday parties or sleepovers, or when she believes Ginger is closer to Courtney than she is to her, like when they are seen seemingly sharing secrets during a fire drill (though in this case, her fears are actively stoked by Miranda). This jealousy also reared its head when Darren and Ginger first became a couple and became somewhat absorbed in each other, leading her and Macie to attempt to split them up. When the plan was discovered and Ginger ceased to talk to them for a while, Dodie was consumed with guilt and can be heard leaving an apology in Ginger's answering machine.
When she enters high school, Dodie attempts to become a cheerleader, but is relegated to the position of equipment manager. She matures, becoming slightly more careful in her approach to social situations and gossip: when she catches wind of her friend's boyfriend Darren being attracted to cheerleader Simone, she writes him a lengthy letter, telling him that she will not run to Ginger with the information but advicing him to take care of the situation in the best way he can before someone gets hurt.
At the end of the , Dodie is shown marrying her boyfriend, Chet Zipper, with whom she has a baby daughter.
Robert Joseph 'Hoodsey' Bishop.
Hoodsey Joseph Bishop (voiced by Tress MacNeille) is Dodie's younger brother, 9 years old, and Carl Foutley's best friend and sidekick. He is extremely gullible and believes anything someone tells him. He usually never has supplementary ideas for Carl's plots, but is typically more than happy to help. He is called "Hoodsey" due to the fact that he never wears anything but a purple hooded sweatshirt, and his closet is full of them.
Hoodsey is a complete mama's boy, and is always repeating things his mother tells him. He usually uses his mother's advice in an attempt to make Carl stop his scheming, typically to no avail.
In the , Hoodsey is shown, along with Carl, as a popular TV reporter, and they are both seen amongst the group at a reading of Ginger's latest book. He is also shown that he has a wedding ring on his finger, and is often speculated by fans, that he and Macie got married, as he is shown in the series that he has a crush on her (Piece of My Heart)
Joann Bishop.
Joann Bishop (voiced by Susan Krebs) is Dodie and Hoodsey's mother, 34 years old, and is a very irritable woman. She seems to be deeply critical and disapproving of Hoodsey's friendship with Carl Foutley, and also seems to just barely tolerate Lois Foutley as Lois does the same. Despite this, she has no apparent problem with Dodie and Ginger's friendship.
Much to Dodie's horror, Joann lands a substitute teaching job at Dodie's school in the episode . However this appears to be an attempt to reinvent her youth, as she does her best to get Courtney's group to accept her by pathetically adopting outdated and exaggerated teenage mannerisms, and giving herself the alias of "Josie." Dodie initially assumes that Joann was the equivalent of Courtney during her teens, but later finds out that in middle school, Joann was pretty much like Dodie herself: needy, dishonest, and desperate to be popular. Joann's picture in her middle school yearbook reads, "Missed Popularity" whilst her classmate, the true Josie MacDonald, was voted "Miss Popularity." According to her husband, Joann also turned to deceitful tactics to achieve popularity; a trait which she appears to have passed on to her daughter. Joann later showed remorse for her actions and encouraged her daughter to accept herself for who she was, lest she never find happiness. Joann is portrayed as very neurotic and something of a control freak. She insists on calling Dodie and Hoodsey by their real names, and hates being referred to as "JoJo".
David Charles Bishop.
Dodie and Hoodsey's father is Dave Bishop, 31 years old. (voiced by John Astin in season one and Dan Castellaneta in seasons two and three) almost always appears to be on the couch, though an important enough cause (such as a death in the family) will raise him. He is calmer than his wife and much more accepting of Carl as Hoodsey's friend. He is a loving and affectionate father, and worries a great deal about his children's happiness. In the episode "About Face", he urged his children to accept themselves for who they are, for fear they end up as unhappy as their mother, who had spent her entire youth trying to get people to like her and ended up with nothing. He and Hoodsey watch The Weather Channel together and he is a fan of game shows. He has a definite resemblance to Hoodsey, almost looking like an older, fatter Hoodsey with glasses.
The Lightfoots.
Macie Lightfoot.
Ginger's other best friend is Macie, 14 years old (Jackie Harris). Macie is in a constant state of panic, as she is allergic to everything and fears change. She is portrayed as the "geekiest" one of the group, and is very knowledgeable. She is incredibly childish, most likely due to her parents not being there to help her through the various stages of adolescence. It is implied that they were very attentive to her when she was younger. She also possesses quite an array of knowledge on a great variation of subjects. Macie is half Asian half Caucasian.
In , Macie, Dodie, and Ginger agree on doing a skit devoted to The Little Seal Girl, their childhood heroine, for their school talent show. They will do it together, as per their Best Friends Tradition. When Dodie and Ginger back out because Miranda and Courtney have ridiculed their skit as juvenile, Macie goes solo, stating that her friends are betraying her and the Seal Girl, whom they've lived by for their whole lives. Despite the skepticism of everyone and more than a few things going wrong during the skit (such as the tape recording she was performing to malfunctioning in the middle of her routine), Macie ends up winning the talent show. Dodie and Ginger congratulate her after the show, and the trio is reconciled.
In , Macie is crushed by her parents forgetting her thirteenth birthday. Consumed with guilt, they buy her a swingset: they've been absent from Macie's life for so long, they're unaware of her real age and what is appropriate for her. They proceed to catch up with Macie in this fashion, taking her to parks, kiddie restaurants, and generally treating her like a six-year-old, to Ginger's horror and Macie's delight. This becomes a bone of contention between the two friends, with Ginger worrying that Macie might lose herself in the charade and Macie eager to bask in her parents' attention once more, leading Macie to openly reject her friend's well-intentioned meddling. Despite Ginger's fears, Macie is shown to have had a firm grip on reality all along, and after commenting that reliving her childhood has been great, assures her friends that she'll tell her parents she is thirteen.
Macie already knew Dodie when they both met Ginger in fifth grade, and at the start of junior high, it seems that Macie would have been happy keeping things as they were, not being too eager to grow up. Her birthday is April 22.
She is last seen in the as part of the group that has turned out for Ginger's book reading. It is speculated amongst fans that she married Hoodsey.
Bobby and Bobbie Lightfoot.
Macie's father is Bobby Lightfoot, 44 years old, Ph.D (Michael McKean), and her mother is Bobbie Lightfoot, 42 years old, Ph.D (Mary Gross). They are both psychologists and portray the stereotypical new age parents. However, they are also both incredibly absent-minded, forgetting Macie's thirteenth birthday and making up for it by treating her ten years younger than she actually was. Bobbie is Asian and Bobby is Caucasian.
The Pattersons.
Darren Patterson.
Ginger's long-time friend and -door neighbor Darren Patterson, 12 years old (Kenny Blank) is another member of Ginger's inner circle of friends. He is calm, reliable and down to earth. Although he is not truly a geek, Darren's unwieldy orthodontia was a serious strain on his popularity. His other main issue is that his brother Will and his father, both loud, tough and into sports, think he's way too soft. All this began to change, however, when he got his headgear off and instantly became attractive and popular.
He briefly dated Miranda Killgallen and at one time thought Courtney was after him, both times putting Ginger in an awkward position. He declares his love for Ginger when she moves away in "Far From Home", after which they became a couple. After their relationship suffers some trouble, Darren leaves Ginger for an older cheerleader named Simone (whom he was seeing behind her back). This hurts Ginger in such a way that she decides to cut him out of her life entirely. As of the series finale, Darren and Simone are still dating but when seeing Ginger and Orion together he looks visibly upset and uncomfortable. However in a sneak peek into the future reveals that Ginger and Darren get married and have a child.
Will Patterson.
Darren's older brother, 16 years old, Junior in High School, Licensed Driver, and main tormentor Will Patterson (voiced by Guy Torry) has the opposite school status as his brother does. He is one of the most popular kids at the high school. He has a group of girls that follow him around school and is the football star on the field. He takes his role as older brother very seriously. In "The Right Stuff", Macie is throwing a pool party for her advanced French class (of which Will is a student of). When Will sees Darren, he picks him up and throws him into the pool, even after Darren claims that he'll rust (referring to his headgear). He sometimes offers brotherly advice, however. In "The Wedding Frame" he gives Darren a little advice on how to handle his devastated relationship with Ginger. But he quickly turns the conversation to center around himself.
Also, in "Fast Reputation", Ginger, Dodie, and Macie crash a party that Will is chugging sodas at. In "New Girl in Town", Ginger asks Will to come to a party she's throwing for the new girl, but he refuses until he finds out it's in a morgue.
Mr. Patterson.
Darren and Will's father, 39 years old (voiced by Billy Brown) is known for his head noogies. In "Hello Stranger", he gives Ginger a head noogie to congratulate her on her poem. He claims that his head noogies worked for him when he was trying to get a date with Mrs. Patterson in "Foutley's On Ice".
Mrs. Patterson.
Darren and Will's mother, 35 years old (voiced by Ja'net Dubois) is only seen a few times in the whole series. In "Never Can Say Goodbye", she shouted for joy when she saw her baby boy (Darren) without his headgear on. Also, in the episode ' 'Far From Home' ' we see her enquiring about how Darren's doing after he suffers a bout of depression when Ginger leaves to spend a semester in Avalanche Academy. In the series finale, she seemed ticked off with her two sons after she found out that she was supposed to receive an invitation to the Foutley's wedding, but never actually did. This means she was completely unaware of Darren's unfaithfulness to Ginger, however surprisingly Darren can be seen at the wedding.
The Griplings.
Courtney Gripling.
Courtney Claire Gripling, 11-14 years old (voiced by Liz Georges), is the most popular sixth-eighth grade girl at Lucky Jr. High. While not extremely booksmart, Courtney is not a typical ditzy blonde: she takes an advanced language class that Macie also attends and is very curious about the world around her, particularly the world outside the millionaire lifestyle her family maintains. She is also knowledgeable in fashion and in the complex code of conduct necessary to become and stay popular in middle school, though it is shown throughout the series that even Courtney can sometimes fail at this. She can be mean and shallow, judging people by their clothing (once even forgiving Ginger's avoidance of her because of a particularly well chosen outfit Ginger wore to school) and being insensitive to those who are less popular, but she can also be a caring and attentive friend. Courtney is very naive because of her sheltered upbringing, being puzzled as to how a vacuum cleaner works, what happens at regular summer camps, and sometimes even as to how genuine care and acceptance are like. This leads her to attach quickly to those who demonstrate an honest affection towards her. Courtney took a liking to Ginger early on in the series, wanting to see how Ginger would survive if put in an all-popular kids setting. To her surprise, Ginger could manage, and the two became real friends, and it is towards Ginger that Courteny's sincere affections are often directed. She notably drove to Ginger's home to thank her for stopping her lice infection from becoming public knowledge, travelled to Avalanche Arts to convince her to return, and alerted Ginger to a plan to separate her from boyfriend Darren, even though a few of her own close friends were part of the scheme.
However, even Ginger receives the occasional "Courtney-ism", considering that Courtney has a whole group of friends to manage. Closest of those friends to Courtney is her right-hand woman, Miranda, who strongly dislikes Ginger. Courtney's group seems to approve of her leader status. In "No Hope for Courtney", a girl named Hope takes on Courtney's position, leaving Courtney in a social slump. In the end, Courtney reclaims her position as leader and Hope becomes one of her many followers.
In "Mommie Nearest", Courtney's mother has to stay in the hospital after she gets an infection from a face lift. Courtney then spends more time with Ginger's mom, Lois, as a temporary replacement. It results in Courtney staying a few nights in Ginger's home. Ginger quickly gets jealous of the natural mother-daughter relationship Courtney and Lois have. In "Fair to Cloudy", Ginger invited Darren to the county fair without consulting her normal companions, Dodie and Macie. Dodie then retaliates by inviting Courtney. At the fair, Courtney, as Ginger put it, "has to try everything", as she is intrigued that such a lifestyle exists.
Courtney's main love interest throughout the show is Darren's older brother, Will, though the latter is usually either oblivious or uninterested. Courtney's reasons for attending a public school are left unexplained. Courtney's brother, Blake, also attends a public school. It could possibly be that, similar to the character Veronica Lodge from the Archie comics, that their father enrolled them in public schools to avoid them being spoiled - without any success. Courtney sometimes refers to Macie as "Stacey" or "Kacey" and Dodie as "Potie." The girls in Courtney's inner circle (not all at once) have included Ginger, Miranda, Mipsy, Missy, Mindy, Traci, Stacey, Kacie, Donna, Diva, Dinah, Heather, Lonnie, and Hope. These members change: they have been added and dropped over the course of the series (with the possible exception of Miranda).
Blake Gripling.
Blake Sofia Gripling (voiced by Kath Soucie in the series, Tara Strong in the pilot) is Courtney's younger brother. He's the youngest of the main cast at 7 years old, and is Carl and Hoodsey's classmate, having moved up a couple grade because of his intellect. He is spoiled, devious, while being a gentleman; and despite always being at odds with Carl, deep down he wants to be his best friend. But as Carl turns him down time after time (while trying to humiliate him in the process), Blake tries to best the youngest Foutley whenever he can. Blake has a dislike for Hoodsey (whom he sometimes refer to as 'Woodsey') and doesn't get along too well with his sister Courtney. Winston, the butler of the Griplings, is something of a father figure to Blake and often involved in his schemes. He was named Blake as part of a family tradition so that his initials, "B.G.", would be in accordance with the initials on his baby blanket, a family heirloom.
Claire Gripling.
Claire Christy McSell Gripling (voiced by Candi Milo) is mother to Courtney and Blake Gripling. She believes in spoiling her children. It has been revealed that she and Courtney take a trip to Paris each spring to see the new fashions. Still, Claire has a lot to learn about being a good person. In "Trouble in Gal Pal Land", Claire agrees to have Hoodsey pose as a street urchin whom she took in so she could win the election to be a board member of the country club. In "Mommie Nearest" Claire goes to hospital after a bad facelift.
Prescott Gripling.
As Ginger learns in "TGIF", Prescott Gripling (voiced by Sam McMurray) never missed dinner as it doesn't start unless he is on loudspeaker on the telephone as they eat. In "The Wedding Frame", he was discovered as to have been arrested for insider trading. In order to pay for all of the felonies and other penalties against him, he is stripped of all of his family fortune . He is Courtney and Blake's father, 31 years old.
Winston.
Faithful butler, 37 years old, to the Griplings and sidekick to Blake, Winston (voiced by John Kassir) is more of a fatherly figure to Courtney and Blake than Prescott ever was. He has never married and has no children and sees the Griplings as his surogate family rather than just his employers. He is often involved in Blake's latest schemes to ruin/befriend Carl Foutley (who he called "Master Carl").
The Killgallens.
Miranda Killgallen.
Miranda Killgallen (voiced by Cree Summer) is Courtney's right-hand woman and possibly the wickedest girl in school, serving as Ginger's main antagonist on the show. Apart from having totally different personalities, Miranda's dislike for Ginger mainly stems from her fear that "Foutley" may replace her as Courtney's best friend. On top of that, both Miranda and Ginger have a romantic interest in Ian Richton. Miranda has thwarted Ginger by all means possible, including manipulation ("Dare I, Darren"), blackmail ("Cry Wolf"), false accusations ("I Spy A Witch", "Ginger The Juvey"), backstabbing ("Wicked Game") and bribery ("Far From Home"). She has failed every attempt to make Ginger look bad, even raising her popularity a few times. At times, however, even "tough girl" Miranda is shown to have her weak sides.
On more than one occasion it's illustrated that she has a difficult relationship with her strict parents and that she has very few actual friends. When Ginger finds out about this she feels sorry for her. In "Trouble In Gal-Pal Land", she's left friendless when she and Courtney have a temporary falling out; Macie states that it's because nobody likes her. Miranda is also shown to not be a true friend of Courtney's, as when Courtney briefly lost her popularity to Hope Rogers, Miranda wasted no time in abandoning Courtney to join Hope's clique. Apart from her viciousness, Miranda's trademark are her sniping, sarcastic comments. Miranda is of African-American heritage, but in the original version of the pilot, Miranda was going to be a white brunette girl.
Officer Killgallen.
Miranda's father, 44 years old (voiced by Richard McGonagle) is a police officer. Miranda used this to her advantage when, in "Ginger the Juvey", she convinced Ginger to steal a sign outside of a bank to give as a gift to Courtney, and then called her father to report the robbery. In "Summer of Camp Caprice", he runs a military camp where Miranda and Darren are students.
Mrs. Killgallen.
It has never been clear if a Mrs. Killgallen, 42 years old, even exists as she has never been mentioned. When Macie asks Miranda if she had ever said anything nice to her mom and dad (in "Trouble in Gal Pal Land"), Miranda doesn't act as if the question is out of the ordinary. Also Miranda refers to 'her parents' in "Ginger's Solo", so it can be assumed Miranda's mother is alive and well.
The Higsbys.
Brandon Higsby and Mr. Licorice.
Brandon Higsby (voiced by Grey DeLisle) is an annoying classmate of Carl. He is extremely hyper, always happy, and considers Carl and Hoodsey his closest friends. In actuality, he has no friends, but his parents think he's popular. His only true friend seems to be Mr. Licorice (voiced by Dee Bradley Baker), his pet monkey that is a hand-me-down from his older brother, Stuart. However, Mr. Licorice doesn't seem to like Brandon all that much. Brandon is 9 years old.
Stuart Higsby.
Stuart Higsby (Chris Marquette) is the savior to all forgetful and lazy kids at Lucky Jr. High. He runs a business in the boys' bathroom where people can purchase pre-written book reports from him at a reasonable price. Darren one time became a customer of his when Ginger was blackmailed into writing Miranda's report on "Call of the Wild" in "Cry Wolf". He owns a monkey, named Mr. Licorice, who he eventually gives to his little brother, Brandon. Stuart is 13 years old.
Mr. and Mrs. Higsby.
Mr. and Mrs. Higsby (voiced by Dee Bradley Baker and Sally Struthers, respectively) are Brandon and Stuart's parents. While Mrs. Higsby is in charge of making sure shoes are taken off, feet are off the furniture, and little boys don't become hyperactive, Mr. Higsby is in charge of recording everything with his trusty video camera. Mr. Higsby is 38 years old. Mrs. Higsby is 34 years old.
Teachers and School Staff.
Headmaster Milty.
Headmaster Milty (voiced by Jerry Houser) has swung back and forth from being principal of Lucky Elementary to being headmaster of Lucky Jr. High. He has a dog, named The Dutchess, that Carl and Hoodsey became good friends with when they trained her in "The Nurses' Strike". Headmaster Milty is 68 years old.
Ms. Zorski.
Ms. Zorski (voiced by Elizabeth Halpern) is Ginger's English teacher, 48 years old. She is a constant inspiration and supporter of Ginger's natural writing talent. In "And She Was Gone", Ms. Zorski let Ginger know that she loved the poem she had written before she added that it concerned her. She has a cousin, also named Ms. Zorski (voiced by Shawana Kemp), who teaches at the high school. Ginger learns that the two have completely different teaching styles. Even after Ginger graduated Jr. High she stays in touch with Ms. Zorski.
Mrs. Gordon.
Carl's teacher, Elain Gordon, 73 years old (voiced by Kathleen Freeman) was not the most patient woman. She never had any tolerance for Carl's behavior and often found herself sending him out into the hall. She was also the victim of some of Carl's pranks. One was so bad that it drove her to retirement in "No Hope For Courtney". Although she promised Carl that she would come back, she passed on shortly after. Carl actually cried at the end of the episode indicating that Mrs. Gordon was everyone's favorite teacher. In " And She Was Gone" however, it appears that Ms. Gordon has come back to life for a short period of time (or that episode was set before "No Hope for Courtney").
Mr. Hepper.
Mr. Hepper (voiced by Andre Ware) is the music teacher of Carl and Hoodsey. Because of his teaching subject and laid back style, he's a favourite of the two boys. After Mrs. Gordon passed away, Hepper also took over her classes. After school, he plays in a jazz trio. Mr. Hepper is 45 years old.
Mr. Celia.
The science teacher at Lucky Jr High, Mr. Celia teaches chemistry and biology. He is Ginger's second favourite teacher after Ms. Zorski. With Ginger one of the few students to attain his high standards, she's also a favorite of him. Celia has an ongoing struggle with the school board over funding.
Classmates.
Ian Richton.
Ian Richton (voiced by Adam Wylie) is the school's soccer star and major hottie, but isn't that smart. He is the perfect man in the eyes of both Ginger and Miranda. When in "The A Ticket" he is assigned to work with Ginger during chemistry classes, he let her do all the work. Ginger mistakes his enthusiasm for something else and it takes a wake-up call from Darren for her to realize she's being used, but at the end, Ian realizes his mistakes, and lets Ginger keep his jacket. It has also been revealed that Ian has been raised by his single father. After voice actor Adam Wylie quit the cast at the end of season 1 and Ginger got over Ian in "Summer Of Camp Caprice", he had no more speaking roles. Nevertheless Ian can often be seen on school grounds and even moves on with Ginger to high school.
Melissa 'Mipsy' Mipson.
Most likely the third most popular girl at Lucky Jr. High is Melissa "Mipsy" Mipson (voiced by Sandy Fox). She appears to be closest to Miranda and shares her hate for Ginger. She helps Miranda play a prank on Ginger in "Sleep On It" to make Ginger wet her sleeping bag. In "Foutley's On Ice", she pays off her uncle to accept Ginger as a new student for a writing academy and convinced her cousin, also a Mipson, to take on a new persona (Thea whose real name is Mitzy) and convince Ginger to stay full-time. When Ginger returns to Lucky Jr. High in "Wicked Game", Mipsy and Miranda trick Dodie and Macie into helping them get Darren and Ginger to break-up.
Not much else is known about Mipsy. It has been suggested that she comes from a wealthy family and that if Ginger got too close to Courtney, Mipsy would be the most likely to be bumped down on the popularity chart.
Chet Zipper.
Chet Zipper, 14 years old (voiced by Hope Levy) is a commoner among the students at Lucky Jr. High. Although Courtney knows who he is, his status as school announcer doesn't earn him much popularity status. He speaks in a dull monotone voice and puts words like "uh", "like", and "um" in between each word. He has been a suggested love interest for Dodie. In "Piece of My Heart", they are seen dancing together at the school dance. In the series finale, Chet and Dodie are shown as a married couple with a daughter of their own.

</doc>
<doc id="9708441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708441" title="Prehistory of the Levant">
Prehistory of the Levant

The prehistory of the Levant includes the various cultural changes that occurred, as revealed by archaeological evidence, prior to recorded traditions in the area of the Levant. The article also discusses how the prehistoric period was viewed in early traditions regarding the region.
Cultures.
The earliest traces of the human occupation in the Southern Levant are documented in Ubeidiya in the Jordan Valley, dated to the Lower Palaeolithic period, ca. 1.4 million years ago. The lithic assemblages relate to the Early Acheulian culture. Later Acheulian sites include Gesher Benot Ya'akov, Tabun Cave and others dated to the time span of ca. 1,400,000–250,000 years ago. This layer contains the world's first signs of domesticated dogs and controlled usage of fire. Lower Palaeolithic human remains from the Southern Levant are scarce; they include isolated teeth from 'Ubeidiya, long bone fragments from Gesher Benot Ya'akov, and a fragmentary skull from Zuttiyeh Cave ("The Galilee Man"). 
The Middle Palaeolithic period (ca. 250,000–48,000) is represented in the Levant by the Mousterian culture, known from numerous sites (both caves and open-air sites) through the region. The chronological subdivision of the Mousterian is based on the stratigraphic sequence of the Tabun Cave. Middle Paleolithic human remains include both the Neanderthals (in Kebara Cave, Amud Cave and Tabun), and Anatomically Modern Humans (AMH) from Jebel Qafzeh and Skhul Cave.
The Upper Palaeolithic period is dated in the Levant to ca. 48,000–20,000. 
Epi-Palaeolithic period (ca. 20,000–9,500 cal. BCE) is characterized by significant cultural variability and wide spread of the microlithic technologies. Beginning with the appearance of the Kebaran culture (18,000 BCE to 12,500 BCE) a microlithic toolkit was associated with the appearance of the bow and arrow into the area. Kebaran shows affinities with the earlier Helwan phase in the Egyptian Fayyum, and may be associated with a movement of people across the Sinai associated with the climatic warming after the Late Glacial Maxima of 20,000 BCE. Kebaran affiliated cultures spread as far as Southern Turkey. The latest part of the period (ca. 12,500–9,500 cal. BCE) is the time of flourishing of the Natufian culture and development of sedentism among the hunter-gatherers.
The Neolithic period is traditionally divided to the Pre-Pottery (A and B) and Pottery phases. PPNA developed from the earlier Natufian cultures of the area. This is the time of the agricultural transition and development of farming economies in the Near East, and the region's first known megaliths (and Earth's oldest known megalith, other than Gobekli Tepe, which is in the Northern Levant and from an unknown culture) with a burial chamber and tracking of the sun or other stars.
The Ghassulian period created the basis of the Mediterranean economy which has characterised the area ever since. A Chalcolithic culture, the Ghassulian economy was a mixed agricultural system consisting of extensive cultivation of grains (wheat and barley), intensive horticulture of vegetable crops, commercial production of vines and olives, and a combination of transhumance and nomadic pastoralism. The Gassulian culture, according to Juris Zarins, developed out of the earlier Munhata phase of what he calls the ""circum Arabian nomadic pastoral complex"", probably associated with the first appearance of Semites in this area.
Geographically the area is divided between a coastal plain, hill country to the East and the Jordan Valley joining the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea. Rainfall decreases from the north to the south, with the result that the northern region of Israel has generally been more economically developed than the southern one of Judah.
The area's location at the center of three trade routes linking three continents made it the meeting place for religious and cultural influences from Egypt, Syria, Mesopotamia, and Asia Minor:
The area seems to have suffered from acute periods of desiccation, and reduced rainfall which has influenced the relative importance of settled versus nomadic ways of living. The cycle seems to have been repeated a number of times during which a reduced rainfall increases periods of fallow, with farmers spending increasing amounts of time with their flocks and away from cultivation. Eventually they revert to fully nomadic cultures, which, when rainfall increases settle around important sources of water and begin to spend increasing amounts of time on cultivation. The increased prosperity leads to a revival of inter-regional and eventually international trade. The growth of villages rapidly proceeds to increased prosperity of market towns and city states, which attract the attention of neighbouring great powers, who may invade to capture control of regional trade networks and possibilities for tribute and taxation. Warfare leads to opening the region to pandemics, with resultant depopulation, overuse of fragile soils and a reversion to nomadic pastoralism.
Early and Middle Bronze Age.
The urban development of Canaan lagged considerably behind that of Egypt and Mesopotamia and even that of Syria, where from 3,500 BCE a sizable city developed at Hamoukar. This city, which was conquered, probably by people coming from the Southern Iraqi city of Uruk, saw the first connections between Syria and Southern Iraq that some have suggested lie behind the patriarchal traditions. Urban development again began culminating in the Early Bronze Age development of sites like Ebla, which by 2,300 BCE was incorporated once again into an Empire of Sargon, and then Naram-Sin of Akkad (Biblical Accad). The archives of Ebla show reference to a number of Biblical sites, including Hazor, Jerusalem, and a number of people have claimed, also to Sodom and Gomorrah, mentioned in the patriarchal records. The collapse of the Akkadian Empire, saw the arrival of peoples using Khirbet Kerak Ware pottery,<ref>See coming originally from the Zagros Mountains, east of the Tigris. It is suspected by some [http://www.hindunet.org/saraswati/html/urseals.htm that this event marks the arrival in Syria and Palestine of the Hurrians, people later known in the Biblical tradition possibly as Horites.
The following Middle Bronze Age period was initiated by the arrival of "Amorites" from Syria in Southern Iraq, an event which people like Albright (above) associated with the arrival of Abraham's family in Ur. This period saw the pinnacle of urban development in the area of Syria and Palestine. Archaeologists show that the chief state at this time was the city of Hazor, which may have been the capital of the region of Israel. This is also the period in which Semites began to appear in larger numbers in the Nile delta region of Egypt. For some time it was felt that the portrayal of the tomb of Beni Hasan showed evidence for the story of Joseph's "Coat of Many Colours".

</doc>
<doc id="9708471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708471" title="Te Whiti, New Zealand">
Te Whiti, New Zealand

Te Whiti, formerly Te Whiti o Tu in the nineteenth century, is a rural community in the Wairarapa region of New Zealand's North Island. Its status has been under dispute and threatened in the twentieth century, and Land Information New Zealand acknowledges Te Whiti solely as a homestead. Its full former name means "the place of crossing" in the Māori language, reflecting its location near a natural crossing of the Ruamahanga River, which runs north and west of the locality and is met by the Tauweru River that flows across the south of Te Whiti. In relation to major Wairarapa centres, Te Whiti is south of Masterton and east of Carterton, while nearby communities include Te Whanga to the east and Gladstone and Longbush to the south. The Maungaraki Range is also nearby.
Te Whiti is one of the oldest settled locations in the Wairarapa, established prior to Masterton by Hugh McKenzie in the early 1850s. A primary school was located in Te Whiti until it was closed in 1968 and students sent to Gladstone; the school buildings remained for use by community groups until 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9708479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708479" title="List of law enforcement agencies in New Jersey">
List of law enforcement agencies in New Jersey

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="9708487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708487" title="Yousef Ahmadi">
Yousef Ahmadi

Qari Mohammad Yousef Ahmadi is one of the two Taliban spokesmen, the other being Zabiullah Mujahid. In 2006, Ahmadi contacted Reuters, the Associated Press, Canadian Press and Afghan Islamic Press by satellite phone to offer Taliban messages regarding southern Afghanistan.
In August 2008, his name began appearing once again, as the focus of a number of Canadian Press interviews with Toby Cohen, in which he advised Canadians that they should elect a Prime Minister who would remove Canadian troops in Afghanistan. Ahmadi is quoted as saying that "the election is being held in Canada. That is why our attacks on Canadians are increased". He is also alleged to have said that the Taliban "don't want to fight with Canadians. Actually we want to create friendship with Canadians".
In November 2012, Ahmadi accidentally used CC instead of BCC when emailing a routine Taliban press release, exposing the names and email addresses of more than 400 Taliban press contacts. The list consisted mostly of journalists, as well as email addresses that may have belonged to an Afghan legislator, a provincial governor, academics, activists, an Afghan consultative committee, and a representative of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar.
Most recently Yousef Ahmadi is noted as a contributor/editor to the Taliban magazine: Al Somod http://alsomod-iea.info. In April 2014 he reported in detail on a suicide bomber that used a motorcycle to assassinate 50 US and ally soldiers. 
His byline also appears on English-language internet postings claiming to report insurgent activity. Examples are:

</doc>
<doc id="9708541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708541" title="List of law enforcement agencies in New Mexico">
List of law enforcement agencies in New Mexico

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9708582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708582" title="Nebraska Highway 4">
Nebraska Highway 4

Nebraska Highway 4 is a highway in Nebraska. The entirety of the route is in Nebraska's southern tier of counties. Beatrice is the only city with over 1,000 in population on the highway. Its western terminus is at an intersection with US 6 and US 34 southwest of Atlanta. Its eastern terminus is at an intersection with US 75 north of Dawson.
Route description.
Nebraska Highway 4 begins at an intersection near Atlanta with U.S. Highways 6 and 34. It proceeds east into farmland and meets U.S. Highway 183 near Ragan. It then passes through Ragan and Campbell and meets US 281 in northern Webster County. It overlaps US 281 for and separates south of Blue Hill. It continues through Lawrence, is briefly concurrent with Nebraska Highway 14 and continues straight east through Davenport and Carleton until it meets US 81. It continues north for one mile (1.6 km) with US 81 and separates at Bruning. It goes east through Daykin and is briefly concurrent with Nebraska Highway 15 for one mile (1.6 km). It passes through Plymouth, Nebraska, passes near the Homestead National Monument and meets US 136 on the west edge of Beatrice. It is concurrent with US 136 through Beatrice and the two routes separate near Filley. It turns briefly southeast toward Virginia and Lewiston, and briefly turns south until it meets NE 99. It turns east, briefly overlaps Nebraska Highway 50 and continues east toward Table Rock. At Table Rock, it intersects NE 65 and continues eastward through Humboldt until it ends at U.S. Highway 75 near Dawson.

</doc>
<doc id="9708622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708622" title="Extremist Makeover">
Extremist Makeover

Extremist Makeover is the 4th album by 28 Days.
"Extremist Makeover" features "Use It" and the single "Birthday", along with a limited edition PC demo version of the Game "".
Sources.
[http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0002Y9SXE]

</doc>
<doc id="9708644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708644" title="ACOP">
ACOP

ACOP may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9708655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708655" title="School District of Lee County (Florida)">
School District of Lee County (Florida)

The School District of Lee County manages public education in Lee County, Florida. As of October 2013, there are 87,196 students
in the whole district.
Middle schools.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="9708659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708659" title="List of law enforcement agencies in New York">
List of law enforcement agencies in New York

List of law enforcement agencies in New York.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="9708664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708664" title="Yokohama International Women's Ekiden">
Yokohama International Women's Ekiden

The Yokohama International Women's Ekiden held in Yokohama, Japan, was one of the prominent ekiden races of the year. It was held annually from 1983 to 2009, and was discontinued because of the replacement of the Tokyo Women's Marathon by the Yokohama Women's Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="9708680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708680" title="List of Georgia Institute of Technology alumni">
List of Georgia Institute of Technology alumni

<onlyinclude> This list of Georgia Institute of Technology alumni includes graduates, non-graduate former students, and current students of Georgia Tech. Notable administration, faculty, and staff are found on the list of Georgia Institute of Technology faculty. Georgia Tech alumni are generally known as Yellow Jackets. According to the Georgia Tech Alumni Association,
The first class of 128 students entered Georgia Tech in 1888, and the first two graduates, Henry L. Smith and George G. Crawford, received their degrees in 1890. Smith would later lead a manufacturing enterprise in Dalton, Georgia and Crawford would head Birmingham, Alabama's large Tennessee Coal, Iron, and Railway Company. Since then, the Institute has greatly expanded, with an enrollment of 12,769 undergraduates and 6,464 postgraduate students .
</onlyinclude>
Athletics.
Despite their highly technical backgrounds, Tech graduates are no strangers to athletics; approximately 150 Tech students have gone into the NFL, with many others going into the NBA or MLB. Well-known American football athletes include former students Calvin Johnson, Daryl Smith, and Keith Brooking, former Tech head football coaches Pepper Rodgers and Bill Fulcher, and all-time greats such as Joe Hamilton, Pat Swilling, Billy Shaw, and Joe Guyon. Tech's recent entrants into the NBA include Javaris Crittenton, Thaddeus Young, Jarrett Jack, Luke Schenscher, Stephon Marbury, Derrick Favors, Iman Shumpert, and Chris Bosh. Award-winning baseball stars include Kevin Brown, Mark Teixeira, Nomar Garciaparra, Jason Varitek, and Jay Payton. In golf, the legendary Bobby Jones founded The Masters, David Duval was ranked No. 1 in the world in 2001, Stewart Cink the 2009 Open Championship winner, was ranked in the top ten, and Matt Kuchar won the U.S. Amateur.

</doc>
<doc id="9708707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708707" title="Virtusa">
Virtusa

Virtusa Corporation (NYSE: VRTU) is a global information technology services company founded in Sri Lanka and headquartered at Westborough, Massachusetts, USA. The company provides IT Consulting, Business Consulting, Systems Implementation and Application Outsourcing services to large enterprises and software vendors.
Virtusa has partnerships with global software vendors including IBM, Microsoft, SAP, Pegasystems, OpenText and Oracle Corporation among others, to provide custom solutions and services in Business Process Management (BPM), Enterprise Content Management (ECM), Enterprise mobility management, Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence as well as ERP Services and Business Consulting. The company, founded in 1996, has delivery centers in U.S., U.K., Singapore, Germany, Malaysia, Netherlands, India, and Sri Lanka.
Corporate history.
Virtusa was founded as ‘Software Solutions’ in 1997. The company was later renamed as ‘Technology Providers International’ and was involved in software development. In 1998, the company opened their head office at Westborough, Massachusetts and the company was incorporated as Technology Providers Inc. in the United States. In year 2000, Technology Providers International was renamed ‘eRUNWAY Inc.’ and offered eBusiness, Internet software development and systems integration services. eRUNWAY was re-launched as ‘Virtusa Corporation’ on April 22, 2002. The name Virtusa is derived from the Latin "virtus" meaning excellence. Virtusa went public on August 3, 2007 by listing on the NASDAQ exchange.
In 2009, Virtusa acquired InSource, a technology consulting company with specialization in the Insurance and Healthcare industries. InSource is based in Hartford, Connecticut, USA. In 2010, the company acquired ConVista Consulting, LLC, a U.S.-based, privately held, market leader in finance transformation, specifically focusing on high volume collection, disbursement, claims and billing systems in BFSI. The following year, Virtusa acquired ALaS Consulting LLC, a Financial Services Consulting Firm.
Operations.
Virtusa provides technology solutions and services to Banking & Financial Services, Insurance, Communications and Technology and Media and Information. In addition to developing custom solutions for customers, the company offers services across Business Process Management (BPM), Enterprise Content Management (ECM) and Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence among others. The company uses a global delivery framework, through its delivery centers in India and Sri Lanka, to deliver solutions and services to its customers.
Competition.
Some of its key competitors in the Offshore IT Services industry include Infosys, Wipro, Cognizant, HCL and Tata Consultancy Services among other organizations.
Community Support.
The company has a community support program that focuses on education and uses its IT competencies for meeting the needs of the community.

</doc>
<doc id="9708708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708708" title="Notes from Thee Underground">
Notes from Thee Underground

Notes from Thee Underground is a 1994 album by Pigface. The following album "Feels Like Heaven" is a remix EP of this one.
Track listing.
The song "Chikasaw" later appeared in a different version on the 1995 Ruby album "Salt Peter" with the title "Carondelet".

</doc>
<doc id="9708729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708729" title="List of law enforcement agencies in North Carolina">
List of law enforcement agencies in North Carolina

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="9708742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708742" title="Microenterprise Access to Banking Services">
Microenterprise Access to Banking Services

The Microenterprise Access to Banking Services (MABS) Program is an initiative designed to accelerate national economic transformation by encouraging the Philippine rural banking industry to significantly expand microenterprise access to microfinance services. To do so, the MABS Program assists client rural banks in the Philippines to increase the financial services they provide to the microenterprise sector by providing microfinance technical assistance and training to rural banks. Trained banks in turn offer microfinance loan and deposit services specially tailored to microenterprise clients. 
Since its inception in 1998, the MABS Program has worked directly with over 100 rural banks to develop and expand their microfinance services in the Philippines. 
Significantly, there are over 750 rural and cooperative rural banks covering over 85% of the municipalities and cities of the Philippines. These banks are culturally and geographically close to the potential clients that comprise the microenterprise sector. It has been shown that limited access to financial services constrains economic growth in the Philippines. This is especially true for lower socio-economic groups, which must turn to moneylenders, pawn shops or lending investors for credit instead of formal institutions. MABS targets these lower socio-economic groups and microentrepreneurs by working with rural banks to reach such groups in a profitable, but equitable, manner. 
The Program is funded by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), and is being implemented in partnership with the Rural Bankers Association of the Philippines (RBAP). Philippine government oversight of the Program is provided by the Mindanao Economic Development Council (MEDCo). 
[(<object width="425" height="344"><param name="movie" value="http://www.youtube.com/v/SP9s-a2mHWo&hl=en&fs=1"></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="http://www.youtube.com/v/SP9s-a2mHWo&hl=en&fs=1" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="425" height="344"></embed></object>)]

</doc>
<doc id="9708754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708754" title="1896 in the United Kingdom">
1896 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1896 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9708763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708763" title="William Walsh (bishop of Dover)">
William Walsh (bishop of Dover)

William Walsh (1836–1918) was a Bishop of Mauritius and Dover.
Born in 1836 and educated at Merton College, Oxford, he began his ecclesiastical career with a curacy at Horsell and was successively Vicar of St Matthew Newington, Secretary of the Church Missionary Society and a Prebendary of St Paul's Cathedral before his elevation to the episcopate.
In 1913 he officiated and led prayers at the opening ceremony of The King's Hall, Herne Bay, Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="9708767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708767" title="Tapihritsa">
Tapihritsa

Tapihritsa (c 7th ~ 8th century) (or Tapahritsa; Wylie: "Ta pi hri tsa") is a Bönpo who achieved the Dzogchen mastery of the rainbow body and consequently, as a fully realised Trikaya Buddha, is invoked as a yidam.
The historical Tapihritsa was born in Zhang Zhung of a family of nomads. Tapihritsa's principal teacher was Dawa Gyaltsen. 
Tapihritsa was contemporaneous with Ligmincha, King of Zhang Zhung and Trisong Detsen, Emperor of Tibet. 
John Myrdhin Reynolds has published "Space, Awareness, and Energy" (2007), which is a study of the origins of Bön Dzogchen in Western Tibet and Central Asia and contains translations of primary texts that showcase Tapihritsa.
Tapihritsa is often visualized as representing the realization of all the masters of the Zhang Zhung Nyen Gyu lineage, one of the three Bön Dzogchen lineages.

</doc>
<doc id="9708789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708789" title="List of law enforcement agencies in North Dakota">
List of law enforcement agencies in North Dakota

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of North Dakota.
College and university agencies.
[http://www.ndscs.nodak.edu/about/admin-offices/police/]

</doc>
<doc id="9708809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708809" title="Bonaparti.lv">
Bonaparti.lv

Bonaparti.lv is a sextet consisting of Latvian tenors, that participated in Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with their song "Questa Notte". 
In 2006 Swedish composer Kjell Jennstig composed a song named "Tonight", which he handed in to Eirodziesma 2007 - the Latvian national qualification for the Eurovision Song Contest. The rules of Eirodziesma envisages, that there must be Latvian artists, so Jennstig found six Latvian tenors, who founded the new band - Bonaparti.lv. The members of this project are three members of Latvian band "Labvēlīgais Tips", Normunds Jakušonoks, Kaspars Tīmanis and Andris Ābelīte, lead singer of "Bet Bet" Zigfrīds Muktupāvels, lead singer of "Cacao" Andris Ērglis, and Roberto Meloni, an Italian-born Latvian immigrant who was originally entered in Eirodziesma 2007 with "Feels Like Heaven" a duet performed with Stacey (as a result of Meloni's recruitment for Bonaparti.lv "Feels Like Heaven" would be performed in Eirodziesma 2007 by Stacey solo). The lyrics and name of the song became Italian, and the new title was "Questa Notte".
On February 3, 2007 Bonaparti.lv won the 2nd semi-final of Eirodziesma with 9909 votes. On February 24 they at first won the 1st round of final, and then along with 2 other contestants competed in superfinal. Bonaparti.lv with "Questa Notte" had a convincing victory with 49 422 votes, which was more than 3 times more than the 2nd place had.
On May 10 Bonaparti.lv qualified to the final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, by finishing in the top 10 of the semi-final. In the final, they presented their song in the 14th position, following France and preceding Russia and got 16th place in final voting.

</doc>
<doc id="9708819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708819" title="Socket (film)">
Socket (film)

Socket is an independent sci-fi thriller directed by Sean Abley and produced by John Carrozza, Sean Abley, Matt Mishkoff and Doug Prinzivalli, starring Derek Long as Dr. Bill and Matthew Montgomery as Dr. Craig Murphy. It was released in 2007.
Plot.
"Socket" is a dark sexual tale of a gay man being drawn into a cult of electricity addicts after being struck by lightning. It is reportedly the first gay sci-fi thriller. However, it is also unique in that it is a film where the sexuality of the four lead characters is inconsequential to the plot.
"Socket" tells the story of Bill (Derek Long), a surgeon who is struck by lightning and winds up recovering in his own hospital. There he meets an intern named Craig (Matthew Montgomery), who suffered the same natural accident and has developed an appetite for electrical voltage. After meeting him, Bill realizes he has the same craving. Craig introduces him to an underground group of people who all share this addiction. Bill then uses his surgical knowledge to come up with a method of inserting electric sockets and prongs into the members' wrists so they can "juice up". But after Bill accidentally discovers that he can mainline electricity from living people, he becomes hooked on absorbing this particular kind of power.
Cast.
Supporting cast includes Sean Abley, Jay Costelo, Georgia Jean, Victor López, Amy Sidney, Sandy Lawson, Alisha Seaton and Bridgette Wright as members of "the group".
Also appearing in smaller roles are Andrew Pinon, Bobaloo Koenig, Krista Pelen, Shanee Wilson, Staci Mallett, Rhoda Pell, Mari Marks, Timothy J. Hearl, Doug Prinzivalli, Tony Spatafora, Shannon Lee, Erin Scott, Ray Tutano, Eddie Borey, Brad Taylor, John Carrozza, Jessica Jones and Gage Hubbard.
Release history.
"Socket" had its World Premiere on July 14, 2007 at the Philadelphia International Gay & Lesbian Film Festival and was followed by its West Coast Premiere on July 20 in Los Angeles at Outfest 07. It was released on DVD on March 25, 2008 by TLA Releasing.
Awards.
The film was awarded an AT&T Pioneers: Best of Festival Award jury prize at The Indianapolis LGBT Film Festival in November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9708827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708827" title="Philip Hale">
Philip Hale

Philip Hale (March 5, 1854 in Norwich, Vermont - November 30, 1934 in Boston, Massachusetts) was an American music critic.
Hale attended Yale, where he served on the fourth editorial board of "The Yale Record". After graduating in 1876, he practiced law, also studying piano with John Kautz and playing the organ in a church. In 1882 Hale abandoned law altogether in favor of music, continuing his studies in Germany with Josef Rheinberger and in Paris with Alexandre Guilmant. 
After returning to the United States he served as an organist and conductor in various venues for several years. Hale became a critic in 1890, beginning his career by working for the "Boston Post". From 1891 until 1903 he was affiliated with the "Boston Journal", and from 1903 until his death with the "Boston Herald"; during his tenure there he became among the most distinguished music critics of the day. However, he was among the severest critics of the music of Johannes Brahms. 
From 1901 he wrote program notes for the Boston Symphony; John N. Burk collected the best of these in "Philip Hale's Boston Symphony Programme Notes", published in 1935.
Hale died in Boston in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="9708841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708841" title="Lee County School District (Mississippi)">
Lee County School District (Mississippi)

The Lee County School District is a public school district based in Lee County, Mississippi (USA).
The district serves the towns of Saltillo, Verona, Shannon, Guntown, Plantersville, the community of Mooreville, and the Lee County portion of Sherman.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 6,702 students enrolled in the Lee County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 28.53% African American, 69.93% White, 1.09% Hispanic, 0.43% Asian, and 0.01% Native American. 44.4% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9708848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708848" title="Gerald B. Cleaver">
Gerald B. Cleaver

Gerald B. Cleaver is a professor in the Department of Physics at Baylor University and is the Head of the Early Universe Cosmology and Strings (EUCOS) division of Baylor's Center for Astrophysics, Space Physics & Engineering Research (CASPER). His research specialty is string phenomenology and string model building.
Career.
Gerald Cleaver did his Ph.D. at Caltech where John H. Schwarz was his thesis adviser. As a postdoc at Texas A&M University he worked with Dimitri Nanopoulos.
Research.
With Dimitri Nanopoulos Cleaver constructed the first string-derived model containing only the particles of the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) in the observable sector.
At Baylor University Cleaver has constructed the first string derived Near-MSSM possessing the potential to resolve the factor-of-20 difference between the MSSM unification scale of 2.5×1025 eV (25 YeV or 4.0 MJ) and the weakly coupled heterotic string scale of 5×1026 eV (500 YeV or 80 MJ) via a robust method referred to as "optical unification".
Publications.
Gerald Cleaver has authored more than 75 papers on Superstring/M-Theory, six of which are cited more than 50 times and four of which are cited more than 100 times.

</doc>
<doc id="9708854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708854" title="Gerald Cleaver (musician)">
Gerald Cleaver (musician)

Gerald Cleaver (born May 4, 1963) is an African-American jazz drummer from Detroit, Michigan. He joined the jazz faculty at the University of Michigan in 1995. He has performed or recorded with Joe Morris, Mat Maneri, Roscoe Mitchell, Miroslav Vitous, Yaron Herman, Ralph Alessi, Franck Amsallem, David Torn, Mario Pavone and others.
Under the name Veil of Names, Gerald Cleaver released an album called "Adjust" on the Fresh Sounds New Talent label in 2001. It featured Mat Maneri, Ben Monder, Andrew Bishop, Craig Taborn and Reid Anderson and was a Best Debut Recording Nominee by the Jazz Journalists Association.
He currently leads the groups Uncle June, Black Host, Violet Hour and NiMbNl as well as working as a sideman with many different artists.
Discography.
With Samuel Blaser
With Michael Formanek
With Roscoe Mitchell
With William Parker
With Tomasz Stańko
With Craig Taborn
With Miroslav Vitous

</doc>
<doc id="9708860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708860" title="Andy Seigle">
Andy Seigle

Andrew John Seigle (born May 15, 1972 in Scranton, Pennsylvania) is a retired Filipino-American professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association. He was also a member of the Philippine national basketball team. He is the brother of Danny Seigle, also a basketball player in the same league. Their mother, Blesylda Yadao, is of Chinese-Filipino descent while his father is a White American.
Career.
He was considered one of the most dominant and best defensive players early in his PBA Career. He spent most of his time in his last season on the sidelines rather than on the court as he played only 30 games and just 8.9 minutes of playing time per outing, due to ACL injuries in both knee's. As a result, the 6-9 center posted a career-low averages of 2.6 points and 2.2 rebounds.
The 1997 Rookie of the Year awardee only got a one-year extension from the Ginebra management and with the arrival of Rafi Reavis and Billy Mamaril, his minutes suffered. He retired in 2007 after winning his last championship in the PBA.
Philippine National Team.
To date, Seigle has played twice for the Philippine national basketball team. The first was in 1998 when he played for the Philippine Centennial Team in the 1998 Asian Games held in Bangkok, Thailand where he averaged 7.1 points and 2.5 rebounds per game. The second was in 2002 when he again played for the national team during the 2002 Asian Games held in Busan, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="9708881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708881" title="David Recorbet">
David Recorbet

David Recorbet (born October 24, 1976 in Clermont-Ferrand) is a retired French footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="9708890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708890" title="Andrew White (missionary)">
Andrew White (missionary)

Andrew White, S.J. (1579 – December 27, 1656) was an English Jesuit missionary who was involved in the founding of the Maryland colony. He was a chronicler of the early colony, and his writings are a primary source on the land, the Native Americans of the area, and the Jesuit mission in North America. For his efforts in converting and educating the native population, he is frequently referred to as the "Apostle of Maryland." He is considered a forefather of Georgetown University, and is memorialized in the name of its White-Gravenor building, a central location of offices and classrooms on the university's campus.
Early life in Europe.
Born in London in 1579, he began formal education at age 14 at the English College at Douai, France. He entered English College of St. Alban's in Valladolid, Spain, in 1595 at the same time as other notable English Catholic priests, including the later Saint and martyr Thomas Garnet. He sought further education in Seville, and was ordained at Douai in 1605, after which he returned to England. Caught up in a wave of anti-Catholic arrests following the Gunpowder Plot, he was arrested and in 1606, banished from England. Moving to Leuven in Belgium, he joined the Society of Jesus on February 1, 1607. Despite the threat of capital punishment, White returned in 1609 to preach in Southern England. At the same time, he took positions as prefect of the seminaries at Leuven and Liège, between which and his English missions he split his time.
George Calvert, the first Baron Baltimore, whom White is credited in helping to turn to Catholicism in 1625, wrote to White from his colony on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland after 1628. White's further interest in America is shown a letter from Superior General Mutio Vitelleschi in a letter dated March 3, 1629, approving a mission to America. Though George Calvert died in 1632, his son, Leonard Calvert, second Baron Baltimore, continued the colonization program. Baltimore had wanted White to help found a new colony in the Chesapeake Bay which had been chartered June 20, 1632. White himself wrote of the benefits of converting the native population, and in a document dated February 10, 1633, he specifically advocates Catholic settlement in "lord Baltimore's Plantation in Mary-land." He describes to potential financiers a paradisaical land with majestic forests and fruitful soil, advertising of land for each potential settler.
Apostle of Maryland.
On November 22, 1633, he took Baltimore's offer and set sail from Cowes on the Isle of Wight with lord Leonard Calvert and fellow Jesuits John Altham Gravenor and Thomas Gervase on "The Ark", one of George Calvert's ships. Their landing on March 25, 1634, on St. Clement's Island marks the birth of the Maryland colony. The anniversary of this date is now celebrated as Maryland Day. In saying Catholic mass that day, he became the first priest to do so in the original thirteen English colonies. By July of that year, White had written his first discussion on the new colony, titled "A Relation of the Sucessefull Beginnings of the Lord Baltimore's Plantation in Maryland". Sections of this were used to further advertise the colony.
White spent most of the next decade in St. Mary's City, working on English-Native American relations, particularly with the Yaocomico tribe, which consistently saw favorable trade treaties from Calvert because of White, and the Anacostans. In 1637 they were joined by Jesuits Thomas Copley and Ferdinand Poulton, and between 1634 and 1650 there averaged four permanent Jesuits in the Maryland Colony. To further his missionary work, he wrote dictionaries and translated the catechism into the native languages. On July 5, 1640, he famously converted Chitomachon, the chief of the Piscataway Indians, to Christianity. The chief was baptized as Charles. He later baptized a princess of the Patuxent Indians, and much of her tribe.
Return to England.
The English Civil War was to cut short his missionary work. In 1644, Richard Ingle and Puritan colonists from the neighboring Virginian colony of Jamestown, which had previously rebuffed George Calvert's visit, first raided St. Mary's City. Ingle succeeded in burning the town and, with the aid of William Claiborne, in controlling the Maryland Colony. White was again arrested for his Catholic preaching, and in 1645 he was sent with Thomas Copley in chains to London. Once there, he was tried for the crime of returning to England after being banished in 1606, which carried the punishment of death. He escaped this fate by arguing that his return was not of his own will. His petitions to return to Maryland denied, he spent the last decade of his life quietly in England until his death on December 27, 1656.

</doc>
<doc id="9708891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708891" title="Humphreys County School District">
Humphreys County School District

The Humphreys County School District is a public school district based in Belzoni, Mississippi (USA). The district's boundaries parallel that of Humphreys County. The school is currently under risk of the State taking over the school.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 1,840 students enrolled in the Humphreys County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 50% female and 50% male. The racial makeup of the district was 96.74% African American, 1.79% White, 1.41% Hispanic, and 0.05% Native American. 94.2% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9708926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708926" title="Duane Akina">
Duane Akina

Duane Akina (born c. 1958) is the defensive backs coach for the Stanford Cardinal football team.
In 28 years of coaching football, Akina has coached three Thorpe Award winners in Darryll Lewis (1990), Michael Huff (2005), and Aaron Ross (2006), as well as five finalists for the award, among them Chris McAlister. Twenty of his defensive backs have also gone on to play in the NFL.
He was an assistant coach to Dick Tomey at the University of Arizona for 14 years, serving as defensive backs coach and offensive coordinator. He was named Arizona defensive coordinator in 2000, but decided to leave for Texas to become the team's defensive back coach.
Akina was promoted to co-defensive coordinator and retained his duties as defensive backs coach for the Longhorns from 2005-2007. In the 2007 season, he shared the defensive coordinator position with Larry Mac Duff, but called the defensive plays. After a frustrating season, in which the Longhorns defense allowed a school-record 4,498 total yards, Akina could have faced dismissal following the 2007 Holiday Bowl. However, not Akina, but Larry Mac Duff resigned. Akina was nonetheless demoted to secondary coach after Will Muschamp was hired as the new defensive coordinator.
Following June Jones' resignation at Hawaii, Akina was considered to be one of the candidates for his replacement.
In January 2011, it was announced that Akina would be leaving the Longhorns to be the defensive backs coach at the University of Arizona. One month later, his replacement at Texas, Jerry Gray, left the Longhorns to become the defensive coordinator of the Tennessee Titans. A few days later, Akina announced that he would be returning to Texas to resume his defensive backs position with the Longhorns due to family considerations. On January 10, 2014 it was reported that Akina would not return for the Longhorns in 2014 after new head coach Charlie Strong decided not to keep him on his staff.
In March 2014, Akina was hired as the defensive backs coach for Stanford.

</doc>
<doc id="9708949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708949" title="Paola Binetti">
Paola Binetti

Paola Binetti (born 29 March 1943) is an Italian Deputy who belonged to the Democratic Party before 2010. Now she belongs the Union of the Centre.
Biography.
Binetti was born in Rome. She graduated in medicine and surgery in 1967 at the Università del Sacro Cuore in Rome, after studying at the University of Navarra, Spain.
She is a specialist in psychiatry and infant neuropsychiatry.
From 1972 to 1975, she worked in a center which took care of teenagers in Milan
(Associazione FAES - Famiglia e Società), which provided services of advice to parents.
She was Director of the Educational and for research purposes Didactic Department at the University Biomedical Campus of Rome. She was past President of the Committee Science & Life (Comitato Scienza & Vita) for law 40 and President of the Italian Society of pedagogia doctor. She was Vice president of the Italian Society of medical computer science . She is also member of various institutions, among which the National Committee of Bioethics.
Binetti has written more than 200 articles and numerous volumes in the field of medical education.
Since 1991, she has been working at the Biomedical Campus of Rome, guiding the developments of medical faculty.
On 3 March 2007, during a show on the La7 channel, Binetti said that gays and lesbians need medical care, maintaining that homosexuality is an illness.
She is a numerary member of Opus Dei and has asserted that she wears a cilice.
After the disbandment of the Parliament following the fall of the Prodi cabinet, she was re-elected in 2008 as a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.
In 2010 she moved to the UDC.

</doc>
<doc id="9708967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708967" title="Aikens v. California">
Aikens v. California

Aikens v. California, , was a decision of the United States Supreme Court where a petitioner (in the U.S. Supreme Court, the plaintiff (Aikens) is called the "petitioner" and the defendant (the State of California) is called the "respondent") was appealing his conviction and death sentence. After oral argument had been made on the case, but before the court decided on it, the California Supreme Court in "California v. Anderson", 6 Cal. 3d 628 (1972), declared the death penalty unconstitutional under the state constitution. This made his appeal unnecessary because the decision in "Anderson"
The Supreme Court would decide later that year, in "Furman v. Georgia" , that the Death Penalty was under certain circumstances unconstitutional. Aikens was originally one of four cases that were selected along with Furman, but when the "Anderson" case was decided by the California Supreme Court, "Aikens" became moot.

</doc>
<doc id="9708977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708977" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Ohio">
List of law enforcement agencies in Ohio

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Ohio. Ohio has nearly 800 law enforcement agencies that include statewide agencies, county sheriff's offices, incorporated municipalities classified by the Ohio Revised Code (ORC) as cities, incorporated municipalities classified as villages (populations under 5,000 persons as of the most recent census), township agencies serving unincorporated but developed areas of urban counties, university and college police departments, and private police departments. All of these agencies are subject to the same training, certification, and reporting requirements.
County Sheriff's Offices.
The State of Ohio has 88 counties, each with their own elected county Sheriff

</doc>
<doc id="9708998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9708998" title="Benjamin Genton">
Benjamin Genton

Benjamin Genton (born May 20, 1980 in Paris) is a French footballer. He currently plays for Le Havre AC.
Genton is one of the most popular players of the team. His brother is Florian, RMC's journalist with Luis Fernandez in "Luis Attaque".

</doc>
<doc id="9709031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709031" title="A Day in the Life (disambiguation)">
A Day in the Life (disambiguation)

"A Day in the Life" is a song by the Beatles.
A Day in the Life may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9709038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709038" title="Leninsky Prospekt (Saint Petersburg Metro)">
Leninsky Prospekt (Saint Petersburg Metro)

Leninsky Prospekt () is a station on the Kirovsko-Vyborgskaya Line of the Saint Petersburg Metro, located between Avtovo and Prospekt Veteranov.
The station was opened on September 29, 1977 in the section between Avtovo and Prospekt Veteranov, replacing the temporary surface station Dachnoye. It is named for its location along the street of the same name.
There is no above-ground pavilion; entrance to the station is provided through underground pedestrian crossings, with exits onto Leninsky Prospekt and Bulvar Novatorov. Because of the station's shallow depth, neither exit has escalators.
Leninsky Prospekt is a shallow column station with a depth of 8m. The underground hall was constructed as a project of the architects A. S. Getskin and Ye. I. Val and the engineer A. N. Yakovlev. The design of the station echoes Lenin's Mausoleum. The platforms and the columns, which widen at the top, are faced with red Karelian granite. Unpolished white marble is used to decorate the walls.
Until the early 1990s the station was unique in its quadruple commemoration of the name of Lenin in its friezes: "V. I. Lenin Metro of Leningrad, order of Lenin. Leninsky Prospekt Station."

</doc>
<doc id="9709042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709042" title="Marjorie Pratt, Countess of Brecknock">
Marjorie Pratt, Countess of Brecknock

Marjorie Minna Jenkins Pratt, Countess of Brecknock DBE, JP (died 24 August 1989), was a British peeress. She was the daughter of Colonel Atherton Edward Jenkins and his wife, Anna Isabella (née Schoenbrunn).
Family.
She married John Pratt, Earl of Brecknock, eldest son of John Pratt, 4th Marquess Camden and Lady Joan Marion Nevill, on 19 October 1920 in St. Margaret's Church, Westminster, London. They had at least two children:
The Earl and Countess of Brecknock divorced in 1941.
Career.
She was Lady-in-Waiting to HRH Princess Marina, Duchess of Kent and Superintendent-in-Charge, St. John's Ambulance Brigade. She was appointed a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1967 as well as a Companion of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem (C.St.J.).

</doc>
<doc id="9709046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709046" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Oklahoma">
List of law enforcement agencies in Oklahoma

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Oklahoma.

</doc>
<doc id="9709087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709087" title="Azay-le-Ferron">
Azay-le-Ferron

Azay-le-Ferron is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
It is situated in the parc naturel régional de la Brenne, spanning parts of the historic province of Berry and Touraine. Azay-Le-Ferron takes its name from ironworks, from which iron was extracted as late as the nineteenth century, and a deformation of "aqua", "water".
The Château d'Azay-le-Ferron, upon which the ancient commune depended, ranges from fifteenth century construction—the round tower—to eighteenth century, harmonized by the warm stone of which it is built and the blue-gray slates of its various roofs. The ancestral seat of the family Hersent Luzarche, bequeathed to the city of Tours in 1951, now houses a collection of furniture, both of the French Renaissance and in Empire style. It is surrounded by a series of parterre gardens, some with clipped topiary, and a landscaped park.

</doc>
<doc id="9709090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709090" title="Stephen White (Jesuit)">
Stephen White (Jesuit)

Stephen White, SJ (1574–1646) was a Jesuit author and antiquarian who wrote about the early Irish saints.
He was born in Clonmel, Ireland, to a family devoted to religion and education. In 1592, Trinity College, Dublin was founded, and S. White (in all probability Stephen White) was one of the few students named in the charter. Unwilling to take the Oath of Supremacy, he left his native land and entered the Irish College in Salamanca, Spain, where in 1596 he joined the Society of Jesus, and taught from 1602 to 1606. The domestic record says of him, "plurimum profecit in litteris". This skill he employed as one of the two principal collaborators of William Bathe's systematic language method called "Janua linguarum", a work on which John Amos Comenius twenty years later based his celebrated "Janua linguarum reserata".
In 1606 he went to Germany and lectured on theology in Ingolstadt, Dillingen, and other places. He applied himself to the study of history and was generally reputed to be one of the most learned men of his time in Europe. Archbishop Ussher calls him "a man profoundly versed in the ancient records, not of Ireland alone, but of other countries". His chief interest was in Irish history. To him is due the honour of fixing the historic label "Scotia" where it belongs—to Ireland. He called attention to the treasures of Irish literature preserved in the monasteries and libraries of Germany, and generously supplied many noted scholars, such as Ussher and John Colgan, with accurate copies of Irish manuscripts accompanied by critical emendations and commentaries.
His biographical notices of early Irish saints were utilized in the "Acta SS." What gave him the bent towards early Irish history seems to have been the publication in Frankfurt by William Camden of two works by Gerald of Wales, which he felt libelled Ireland and its people. In refutation he wrote his best-known work "Apologia pro Hibernia adversus Cambri calumnias". After an absence of nearly thirty-eight years he returned to Ireland to join the staff at the Jesuit college recently established in Dublin. The college, however, was after a short time suppressed by the Government, and the property was confiscated and handed over to Trinity College. For some years he laboured in his native Diocese of Waterford and Lismore, mainly engaged in teaching catechism to children. In 1644 he went to Galway where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="9709138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709138" title="Re-Constriction Records discography">
Re-Constriction Records discography

Re-Constriction Records released many albums and singles from various bands as well as a number of compilations which were influential in the electronic and Industrial music genres. Below is a complete listing of recordings released by Re-Constriction between its inception and folding.

</doc>
<doc id="9709147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709147" title="Mahapurana">
Mahapurana

Mahapurana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9709156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709156" title="Fabrice Abriel">
Fabrice Abriel

Fabrice Abriel (born 6 July 1979) is a French footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Nice as a midfielder, having previously played for Paris Saint-Germain, Servette, Amiens, Guingamp, Lorient and Marseille.

</doc>
<doc id="9709157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709157" title="Jonny Greenwood Is the Controller">
Jonny Greenwood Is the Controller

Jonny Greenwood Is the Controller is a compilation album created by Jonny Greenwood of Radiohead and released on Trojan Records. Released to commemorate Trojan Records' 40th anniversary, it collects Greenwood's favorite reggae and dub tracks released on the label. The album features artwork by Stanley Donwood, who has provided art for every Radiohead album since "The Bends" (1995). It received positive reviews from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="9709159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709159" title="The Policeman">
The Policeman

The Policeman is the international release title of a 1971 Israeli feature film, written and directed by satirist Ephraim Kishon. Its Hebrew title is HaShoter Azoulay (השוטר אזולאי; The Policeman Azoulay). The title character is played by Shaike Ophir (credited as Shay K. Ophir), in what is considered one of his finest performances.
The film was nominated for the 1972 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, and won the Golden Globe in the same category. It won several other awards, such as best foreign film in the Barcelona film festival and best director in the Monte Carlo festival. In Israel it is considered a cinematic classic. 
Plot.
Officer Avraham Azoulay is a patrolman in Tel-Aviv's district of Jaffa. He is an honest man, though extremely naive, and because of his character, has never been promoted during his twenty years in the force. He is married to a dull woman (played by veteran actress Zaharira Harifai); the couple have no children. 
His superiors, Captain Levkovich and First Sergeant Bejerano, decide not to renew his contract, though they feel sorry for him. In the meantime, he falls in love with the simple but charming prostitute Mimi, and removes her photograph from the arrests billboard. His wife finds the photo and tears it to pieces, which Azoulay secretly glues together again. Nevertheless, this love will not be realized as Azoulay refuses to divorce his wife, claiming that "it will destroy her". In addition, being a Kohen, he cannot marry a prostitute according to Halakha. 
Azoulay shows some success at dispersing a demonstration without resorting to violence because of his knowledge in the bible and in Yiddish; he also charms a group of visiting French policemen who adore the French-speaking policeman; in an Arab speaking club house he gives an unaware speech in Arabic. Azoulay is able to see people for what they are and not what they represent. None of these events, however, help to change his superiors' decision to dismiss him. Azoulay forms a friendship with Amar, unaware that he is a notorious criminal. The criminal and his associates decide to fake a crime and allow Azoulay to catch them in the act so that he receives a promotion and regain his contract. They finally decide upon stealing ritual objects, including a large golden cross, from a monastery in the neighborhood. Azoulay manages to catch the criminal in the act and is finally promoted to the rank of a sergeant, but his contract is not renewed and he is forced to retire from the police. 
In the final scene officer Azoulay leaves the precinct with his new rank and policemen practicing marches in the courtyard all turn to salute him for the first and last time in his life. The final shot of the film presents Azoulay saluting the marching policemen as his eyes fill with tears. This image became one of the most memorable in Israeli cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="9709160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709160" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Oregon">
List of law enforcement agencies in Oregon

This is a List of Law Enforcement Agencies in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Uniformed Federal Agencies in Oregon.
See also Federal Law Enforcement in the United States

</doc>
<doc id="9709178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709178" title="Thomas White (scholar)">
Thomas White (scholar)

Thomas White (1593–1676) was an English Roman Catholic priest and scholar, known as a theologian, censured by the Inquisition, and also as a philosopher contributing to scientific and political debates.
Life.
He was the son of Richard White of Hutton, Essex and Mary, daughter of Edmund Plowden. He was educated at St Omer College and Douai College; and subsequently at Valladolid. He taught at Douai, and was president of the English College, Lisbon. Ultimately he settled in London.
His role in English Catholic life was caricatured by the hostile Jesuit Robert Pugh in terms of the "Blackloist Cabal", a group supposed to include also Kenelm Digby, Peter Fitton, Henry Holden, and John Sergeant. In fact the Old Chapter was controlled by a Blackloist faction, in the period 1655 to 1660.
Works.
He wrote around 40 theological works, around which the "Blackloist controversy" arose, taking its name from his alias Blackloe (Blacklow, Blacloe). 
The first philosophical work of Thomas Hobbes, which remained unpublished until 1973, was on the "De mundo dialogi tres" of White, written in 1642. The "Institutionum peripateticarum" (1646, English translation "Peripatetical Institutions", 1656) represented itself as an exposition of the 'peripatetic philosophy' of Kenelm Digby. It was a scientific work, showing acceptance of the motion of the Earth and ideas of Galileo, but disagreeing with him on the cause of the tides.
In 1654 he produced an edition of the "Dialogues" of the controversialist William Rushworth (Richworth). "The Grounds of Obedience and Government" (1655) was written during the Protectorate of Oliver Cromwell. Its implicit message, the Blackloist line for Catholics, was submission to the "de facto" ruler. The political aim was to secure an accommodation, and religious tolerance for Catholicism, and this was particularly controversial since the achievement of the objective might be at the cost of the access of Jesuits to England. 
He replied to Joseph Glanvill's "The Vanity of Dogmatizing" (1661), an attack on Aristotelians, with "Scire, sive sceptices" (1663).

</doc>
<doc id="9709212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709212" title="Skirl Records">
Skirl Records

Skirl Records is an American record label, focusing on improvised music, run by the artists. It was started in 2006 by Chris Speed, among others. Skirl Records is located in Brooklyn and the artists are mainly involved in the local scene there.

</doc>
<doc id="9709245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709245" title="HyNor">
HyNor

The HyNor-project is a nationally supported project which purpose is to facilitate and coordinate the introduction of hydrogen as a fuel in Norway. Toward the commercial introduction of hydrogen vehicles in 2015, the HyNor-project focuses on acquiring an early pre-commercial fleet of hydrogen vehicles, and keeping a close dialogue with the leading car manufacturers in the area and other similar initiatives in the Nordic countries and around the world.
History.
The HyNor-project started out as a hydrogen highway-project in Norway. It was initiated by large industrial actors such as Statoil and Norsk Hydro in 2003 with the goal of a market-realistic demonstration of hydrogen refuelling stations, as well as hydrogen vehicles. Several hydrogen refuelling stations were been built along the route from Oslo to Stavanger. Norway's first hydrogen fueling station was opened in 2006 near Stavanger, the second in Porsgrunn in 2007, and two stations were opened in Oslo and Lier in 2009. There were also hydrogen stations planned for Bergen and Lyngdal, but these projects were never carried out.
The official opening of the HyNor hydrogen highway -project took place on 11 May 2009 in Oslo, and most of the stations, except for the one in Stavanger are still in operation today. The infrastructure is part of the Scandinavian hydrogen highway partnership.
In October 2011, Statoil announced they wanted to close thei hydrogen refuelling stations in Stavanger, Porsgrunn, Drammen and Oslo after 2012. A new company, HyOP, was established to take over the ownership and operation of the stations, and has done so since May 2012.
In June 2012 a new refueling station was opened at Akershus EnergiPark in Skedsmo.
Vehicles.
The HyNor-project has tested several different hydrogen vehicles:

</doc>
<doc id="9709250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709250" title="Kemal Bourhani">
Kemal Bourhani

Kemal Bourhani (born September 13, 1981 in Paris, France) is a naturalized Comorian footballer. He currently plays for AS Beauvais Oise.

</doc>
<doc id="9709256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709256" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Pennsylvania">
List of law enforcement agencies in Pennsylvania

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="9709265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709265" title="Buddhism and psychology">
Buddhism and psychology

Buddhism and psychology overlap in theory and in practice. Over the last century, four strands of interplay have evolved:
Buddhism's phenomenological psychology.
The establishment of Buddhism predates the field of psychology by over two millennia; thus, any assessment of Buddhism in terms of psychology is necessarily a modern invention. One of the first such assessments occurred when British Indologists started translating Theravada Buddhism's "Abhidhamma" from Pali and Sanskrit texts. Long-term efforts to juxtapose abhidhammic psychology with Western empirical sciences have been carried out by such Vajrayana leaders as Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche and the 14th Dalai Lama.
Overview of the Abhidhamma.
The earliest Buddhist writings are preserved in the three-part "Tipitaka" (Pali; Skt. "Tripitaka"). The third part (or "pitaka", literally "basket") is known as the "Abhidhamma" (Pali; Skt. "Abhidharma"). Ven. Bhikkhu Bodhi, president of the Buddhist Publication Society, has synopsized the Abhidhamma as follows:
Western recognition of the phenomenological-psychological aspect of the Abhidhamma started over a century ago with the work of British Indologists.
Rhys Davids' early scholarship (1900).
In 1900, Indologist Caroline A. F. Rhys Davids published through the Pali Text Society a translation of the Theravada Abhidhamma's first book, the Dhamma Sangani, and entitled the translation, "Buddhist Manual of Psychological Ethics". In the introduction to this seminal work, Rhys Davids writes:
Buddhism's psychological orientation is a theme Rhys Davids pursued for decades as evidenced by Rhys Davids (1914) and Rhys Davids (1936).
Trungpa Rinpoche and the Naropa Institute (1974).
In his introduction to his 1975 book, "Glimpses of the Abhidharma", Chogyam Trungpa Rinpoche wrote:
Trungpa Rinpoche's book goes on to describe the nanosecond phenomenological sequence by which a sensation becomes conscious using the Buddhist concepts of the "five aggregates."
In 1974, Trungpa Rinpoche founded the Naropa Institute, now called Naropa University. Since 1975, this accredited university has offered degrees in "contemplative psychology."
The Dalai Lama and the Mind and Life dialogues (1987).
Every two years, since 1987, the Dalai Lama has convened "Mind and Life" gatherings of Buddhists and scientists. Reflecting on one Mind and Life session in March 2000, psychologist Daniel Goleman notes: 
Buddhism and Psycho-analysis.
A variety of teachers, clinicians and writers such as D.T. Suzuki, Carl Jung, Erich Fromm, Alan Watts, Tara Brach, Jack Kornfield, Joseph Goldstein, and Sharon Salzberg have attempted to bridge and integrate psycho-analysis and Buddhism.
British barrister Christmas Humphreys has referred to mid-twentieth century collaborations between psychoanalysts and Buddhist scholars as a meeting between
More recently, some traditional Buddhist practitioners have expressed concern that attempts to view Buddhism through the lens of Western psychology diminishes the Buddha's liberating message.
D.T. Suzuki.
One of the most important influences on the spread of Buddhism in the west was Zen scholar D.T. Suzuki. He collaborated with psycho-analysts Carl Jung and Erich Fromm, and also influenced the philosopher Martin Heidegger.
Suzuki & Jung (1948).
Carl Jung wrote the foreword to Suzuki's "Introduction to Zen Buddhism", first published together in 1948. In his foreword, Jung highlights the enlightenment experience of "satori" as the "unsurpassed transformation to wholeness" for Zen practitioners. And while acknowledging the inadequacy of Westerners' attempts to comprehend "satori" through the lens of Western intellectualism, Jung nonetheless contends:
Suzuki & Fromm (1957).
Referencing Jung and Suzuki's collaboration as well as the efforts of others, humanistic philosopher and psychoanalyst Erich Fromm noted: 
Suzuki, Fromm and other psychoanalysts collaborated at a 1957 workshop on "Zen Buddhism and Psychoanalysis" in Cuernavaca, Mexico. In his contribution to this workshop, Fromm declares:
Fromm contends that, at the turn of the twentieth century, most psychotherapeutic patients sought treatment due to medical-like symptoms that hindered their social functioning. However, by mid-century, the majority of psychoanalytic patients lacked overt symptoms and functioned well but instead suffered from an "inner deadness":
Paraphrasing Suzuki broadly, Fromm continues:
David Brazier.
David Brazier is a psychotherapist who combines psychotherapy and Buddhism. Brazier points to various possible translations of the Pali terms of the Four Noble Truths, which give a new insight into these truths. The traditional translations of "samudhaya" and "nirodha" are "origin" and "cessation". Coupled with the translation of "dukkha" as "suffering", this gives rise to a causal explanation of suffering, and the impression that suffering can be totally terminated. The translation given by David Brazier gives a different interpretation to the Four Noble Truths. 
In this translation, "samudhaya" means that the uneasiness that's inherent to life arises together with the craving that life's event would be different. The translation of "nirodha" as confinement means that this craving is a natural reaction, which cannot be totally escaped or ceased, but can be limited, which gives us freedom.
Mark Epstein.
Mark Epstein relates the Four Noble Truths to "primary narcissism" as described by Donald Winnicott in his theory on the True self and false self. The first truth highlights the inevitability of humiliation in our lives of our narcissistic self-esteem. The second truth speaks of the primal thirst that makes such humiliation inevitable. The third truth promises release by developing a realistic self-image, and the fourth truth spells out the means of accomplishing that.
Buddhist techniques in clinical settings.
For over a millennium, throughout the world, Buddhist practices have been used for non-Buddhist ends. More recently, Western clinical psychologists, theorists and researchers have incorporated Buddhist practices in widespread formalized psychotherapies. Buddhist mindfulness practices have been explicitly incorporated into a variety of psychological treatments. More tangentially, psychotherapies dealing with cognitive restructuring share core principles with ancient Buddhist antidotes to personal suffering.
Mindfulness practices.
Fromm distinguishes between two types of meditative techniques that have been used in psychotherapy:
Fromm attributes techniques associated with the latter to Buddhist mindfulness practices.
Two increasingly popular therapeutic practices using Buddhist mindfulness techniques are Jon Kabat-Zinn's Mindfulness-based Stress Reduction (MBSR) and Marsha M. Linehan's Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT). Other prominent therapies that use mindfulness include Steven C. Hayes' Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT), Adaptation Practice founded in 1978 by the British psychiatrist and Zen Buddhist Clive Sherlock and, based on MBSR, Mindfulness-based Cognitive Therapy (MBCT) (Segal "et al.", 2002).
Mindfulness Based Stress Reduction (MBSR).
Kabat-Zinn developed the eight-week MBSR program over a ten-year period with over four thousand patients at the University of Massachusetts Medical Center. Describing the MBSR program, Kabat-Zinn writes:
Kabat-Zinn, a one-time Zen practitioner,
Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT).
In writing about DBT, Zen practitioner Linehan states: 
Similarly, Linehan writes: 
Controlled clinical studies have demonstrated DBT's effectiveness for people with borderline personality disorder.
Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT).
ACT did not explicitly emerge from Buddhism, but its concepts often parallel ideas from Buddhist and mystical traditions. ACT has been defined by its originators as a method that "uses acceptance and mindfulness processes, and commitment and behavioral activation processes to produce psychological flexibility.".
Mindfulness in ACT is defined to be a combination of four aspects of the psychological flexibility model, which is ACT's applied theory: 
These four aspects of mindfulness in ACT are argued to stem from Relational Frame Theory, the research program on language and cognition that underlies ACT at the basic level. For example, "self as context" is argued to emerge from deictic verbal relations such as I/You, or Here/There, which RFT laboratories have shown to help establish perspective taking skills and interconnection with others.
Most ACT self-help books (e.g.,) and many tested ACT protocols teach formal contemplative practice skills, but by this definition of mindfulness, such defusion skills as word repetition (taking a difficult thought, distilling it to a single word, and saying it repeatedly out loud for 30 seconds) are also viewed as mindfulness methods.
Adaptation Practice.
The British psychiatrist Clive Sherlock, who trained in the traditional Rinzai School of Zen, developed Adaptation Practice (Ap), the foundation of mindfulness, in 1977 based on the profound mindfulness/awareness training of Zen daily-life practice and meditation. Adaptation Practice is used for long-term relief of depression, anxiety, anger, stress and other emotional problems.
Cognitive restructuring.
Dr. Albert Ellis, considered the "grandfather of cognitive-behavioral therapy" (CBT), has written:
To give but one example, Buddhism identifies anger and ill-will as basic hindrances to spiritual development (see, for instance, the Five Hindrances, Ten Fetters and "kilesas"). A common Buddhist antidote for anger is the use of active contemplation of loving thoughts (see, for instance, "metta"). This is similar to using a CBT technique known as "emotional training" which Ellis describes in the following manner: 
Popular psychology and spirituality.
Mainstream teachers and popularizers.
In 1961, Philosopher and Orientalist Alan Watts wrote:
Since Watts's early observations and musings, there have been many other important contributors to the contemporary popularization of the integration of Buddhist meditation with psychology including Kornfield (1993), Joseph Goldstein, Tara Brach, Epstein (1995) and Nhat Hanh (1998).
Caveats regarding "Romantic Buddhism".
Thanissaro Bhikkhu identifies broad commonalities between "Romantic/humanistic psychology" and early Buddhism: beliefs in human (versus divine) intervention with an approach that is experiential, pragmatic and therapeutic. Thanissaro Bhikkhu traces the roots of modern Western spiritual ideals from German Romantic Era philosopher Immanuel Kant through American psychologist and philosopher William James, Jung and humanistic psychologist Abraham Maslow.
Thanissaro asserts that there are also core differences between Romantic/humanistic psychology and Buddhism. These are summarized in the table to the right. Thanissaro implicitly deems those who impose Romantic/humanistic goals on the Buddha's message as "Buddhist Romantics."
The same similarities have been recognized by David McMahan when describing Buddhist modernism.
Recognizing the widespread alienation and social fragmentation of modern life, Thanissaro Bhikkhu writes:
Education and research.
Researchers interested in studying the intersection of Buddhism and psychology in North America have had to either fit themselves into Eastern Studies programs, psychology programs or engage in a program of private study. North American programs at accredited institutions dedicated to Buddhism and psychology are few. There is a minor (soon to be major) program at the University of Toronto called Buddhism and Mental Health.
As for clinical training, there is an accredited Master's program in Contemplative Psychotherapy offered at Naropa University in Boulder, CO. The curriculum is a hybrid of Buddhist psychology and Western psychotherapeutic approaches, and incorporates several group retreats and ongoing meditation practice. The program, which was founded in 1978, is designed to prepare for licensure as a professional counselor.
External links.
Psychotherapy and Buddhism.
Kohut
Winnicott
Bhante Kovida

</doc>
<doc id="9709267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709267" title="Barry Reilly">
Barry Reilly

Barry ‘Bunny’ Reilly (born Warwick, Queensland), is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 70s. He played in the NSWRFL Premiership for the Eastern Suburbs Roosters from 1966–71 and 1973–79, and the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in 1972.
Reilly was also known as 'The Axe’ because of his defensive technique, which it was said allowed him to chop down opposition attackers like an axe. Reilly was a member of the Eastern Suburbs premiership-winning sides in 1974 and 1975. During the 1976 NSWRFL season, Reilly played as a prop forward for Eastern Suburbs in their unofficial 1976 World Club Challenge match against British champions St. Helens in Sydney. Also a backrower, Reilly played almost 200 matches for the Roosters and was named as a bench player in that club's ’Team Of The Century’.
During the 1990 season, Reilly helped out the club as a caretaker coach.
References.
The Encyclopedia Of Rugby League Players; Alan Whiticker & Glen Hudson

</doc>
<doc id="9709302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709302" title="Thomas Wood (priest)">
Thomas Wood (priest)

Thomas Wood was a Roman Catholic chaplain to Mary I of England and later a confessor of the Catholic faith.

</doc>
<doc id="9709309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709309" title="William Lee Davidson">
William Lee Davidson

William Lee Davidson (1746–1781) was a North Carolina militia general during the American Revolutionary War.
Origins and education.
William Lee Davidson was born in 1746 in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. His father moved with his family to Rowan County, North Carolina, in 1750, and William, the youngest son, was educated at Queen's Museum (later Liberty Hall) in Charlotte.
Military campaigns.
Active in the war from its inception as adjutant to General Griffith Rutherford during the Snow Campaign in December 1775, he was promoted to major of the Fourth Regiment of the North Carolina line in 1776. He marched with the North Carolina line to the north and was at the Battle of Germantown, after which he was promoted to Lt. Colonel of the Fifth Regiment of the North Carolina line. At Valley Forge with Washington, “Light Horse Harry” Lee, Daniel Morgan and others, he became friends with most of the influential military commanders in the Continental Line. Left without a command he had been ordered out for the purpose of preventing the British from crossing the Catawba. Griffith Rutherford appointed Davidson his second in command. Severely wounded at the Battle of Colson's Mill on July 21, 1780, he did not participate in the Battle of Camden at which Rutherford was captured. Davidson was promoted to brigadier general and given command of Rutherford's Salisbury District militia. He participated in resisting the entry of Lord Cornwallis into Charlotte in late September 1780. Davidson was killed at the Battle of Cowan's Ford in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina on February 1, 1781 while opposing the re-entry of Cornwallis into North Carolina. General Davidson was trying to rally his men as the lead British and German elements arrived on the near bank. He was killed within minutes as the engagement unfolded. Davidson's body was recovered by fellow officers later that evening after the battle; and was buried at Hopewell Presbyterian Church located on Beatties Ford Road North of Charlotte.
Namesakes.
Congress voted $500 for a monument to him, but it has never been erected.

</doc>
<doc id="9709344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709344" title="Christophe Jallet">
Christophe Jallet

Christophe Jallet (born 31 October 1983) is a French international footballer who plays for the French club Paris Saint-Germain in Ligue 1, as a right-back.
Club career.
Early career.
Born in Cognac, Charente, Jallet began his career at his hometown club UA Cognac where he operated behind the striker. Tracked by the main club in the region, Chamois Niort, since 13, he was discouraged by his parents to pursue the move and he remained in Cognac.
Niort.
Christophe Jallet finally joined Chamois Niort at 15, but his coach told his parents that he was "not good enough". Jallet dramatically improved after this. Following his training, he started numerous games in National and Ligue 2 during his three seasons as a defensive midfielder there.
Lorient.
Christophe Jallet is transferred to 2006 at FC Lorient where he played as the third choice at right-back. After a successful tutelage as third choice Jallet eventually became a stalwart of the team.
Paris Saint-Germain.
On 6 July 2009, Jallet joined Paris Saint-Germain for 4 years and $2.5 million. Jallet was recruited to provide competition for Ceará at right-back. He made his first appearance in a competitive match with PSG against Le Mans in the second match of Ligue 1. As a right midfielder he scored his first goal a week later against Valenciennes FC with an assist from Stephane Sessegnon. During the next match, against Lille, he delivered an assist a few minutes after he was substituted onto the pitch and marks the very end of game again with a goal. During his first season Jallet's impact as a substitute with goalscoring potential was highly valued though gaining a starting berth proved hard with the form of Ceará. He scored again at the 19th match against Grenoble Foot 38, leading to a 4–0 victory for PSG. He ended the season with 11 assists.
On 1 May 2011 at Stade de France, Christophe Jallet won the Coupe de France with Paris Saint-Germain. The club wins against Monaco with a score of 1–0.
On 22 April 2011, he renewed his 2-year contract with Paris Saint-Germain.
On 2 October 2011, in the clash between Paris Saint-Germain and Olympique Lyon, he scored the second goal in a 2–0 victory with an assist from Nenê. He gains the confidence of new coach Carlo Ancelotti, in a new position as midfielder with Ancelotti preferring Milan Bisevac at fullback. Christophe Jallet gained the captaincy late in the season following the dropping of Mamadou Sakho.
International career.
He was called up by manager Didier Deschamps for a friendly against Uruguay on 9 August 2012. In his second appearance on 11 September 2012 he scored a goal against Belarus from a difficult angle.

</doc>
<doc id="9709355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709355" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Rhode Island">
List of law enforcement agencies in Rhode Island


</doc>
<doc id="9709360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709360" title="Jane's Attack Squadron">
Jane's Attack Squadron

"Jane's Attack Squadron" is a 2002 combat flight simulator developed by Looking Glass Studios and Mad Doc Software and published by Xicat Interactive. Based on World War II, the game allows players to pilot fifteen reproductions of that era's military aircraft and to carry out missions for the Axis or Allies. Although it contains dogfights, the game focuses largely on air-to-ground combat.
"Jane's Attack Squadron" was first conceived by Looking Glass employee Seamus Blackley as "Flight Combat", a combat-based sequel to "Flight Unlimited". The company continued designing the game after Blackley was fired in 1995, and it entered production under Electronic Arts in 1998. The team experienced problems with deadlines and funding during development, with the game eventually being heavily redesigned and renamed "Jane's Attack Squadron" at the request of the publisher. These issues contributed to Looking Glass's bankruptcy and closure in 2000. In 2001 and 2002, the game was acquired and finished by Mad Doc Software, a company in part composed of former Looking Glass employees.
The game received mixed to poor reviews. Critics found its physics modelling unrealistic, and many believed that the game's graphics and gameplay were outdated, particularly in light of contemporary simulators like "IL-2 Sturmovik". The limited number of missions and large number of glitches were widely panned. Certain critics enjoyed "Jane's Attack Squadron"s air-to-ground combat and several hoped that fans would improve the game with the included physics and mission editors.
Gameplay.
As a combat flight simulator, "Jane's Attack Squadron" allows players to pilot military aircraft in a three-dimensional (3D) graphical environment. The game is set in Western Europe during World War II; and players may control fifteen German and Allied planes from the era, including the Focke-Wulf Fw 190, Supermarine Spitfire, Junkers Ju 88, Avro Lancaster and Consolidated B-24 Liberator. Although dogfights are possible, the game places a heavy focus on air-to-ground combat. Objectives range from bombing and torpedo runs to defense and escort missions. The player may engage in tutorials, "quick missions", "single missions" and a campaign. Quick missions allow the player to select variables such as the objective and the number of friendly and enemy aircraft, while single missions, of which there are five, are scripted, "pre-made" levels. Two campaigns are available: one each for the Allies and Germans. Both campaigns feature ten missions that branch depending on the outcome achieved by the player. An online multiplayer component allows players to engage in dogfights.
Each plane in "Jane's Attack Squadron" is composed of forty-five parts that may be removed or otherwise damaged in combat. Damage to these parts affects performance; for example, a broken fuel line will leak, quickly decreasing the fuel gauge. Various adjustments may be made to the game's realism, including an "arcade physics" option that drastically reduces flight difficulty. The game is packaged with the mission and physics editors that were used to develop it.
Development.
At Looking Glass.
In September 1994, Looking Glass Technologies employee Seamus Blackley told "Computer Gaming World" that he wanted to create a combat-based sequel to "Flight Unlimited", whose development he was directing at the time. The magazine's Johnny L. Wilson wrote, "If "Flight Unlimited" can pass the civilian tests, the military version should be right behind it." In March of the next year, Blackley told "PC Gamer US" that the sequel "should feel so real that pilots will be afraid. They'll "feel" the gun hits." He dismissed the flight dynamics in other flight simulators, such as "Falcon 3.0", in favor of the real-time computational fluid dynamics (CFDs) model he created for "Flight Unlimited". When "PC Gamer"'s Bernie Yee asked why the team had waited to make a combat flight simulator, Blackley responded that they wanted to "retrain" players first. In September, "Computer Gaming World" reported that Blackley was designing a combat-based sequel to "Flight Unlimited" under the working title "Flight Combat". Blackley told them that it would "make you into a fighter pilot", and the magazine commented that it would teach the same material as the Air Force. The team planned to allow players to practice an element and then execute it on a mission, and Blackley said that the game would feature competitive online play. However, a new manager at Looking Glass Technologies, instated by venture capital investors, demanded that Blackley work on "Flight Unlimited II" instead of "Flight Combat". Blackley refused and was fired, leaving the company in late 1995.
In March 1996, "PC Gamer US" reported that "Flight Combat" was "still taxiing across the design board", and that the team planned to focus "on how the aerial manoeuvres are performed as you fight". Looking Glass designer Constantine Hantzopoulos told the magazine that a modified version of the "Flight Unlimited" engine was being used to develop "Flight Combat" and "Flight Unlimited II". Hantzopoulos commented that "Flight Combat" was "the project everybody at Looking Glass wants to work on". The team expected to be finished with the game in roughly one year. By June 1997, GameSpot reported that "Flight Unlimited II" was running on the new ZOAR engine, coded from scratch by programmer James Fleming. In addition, the real-time CFDs model from "Flight Unlimited" had been discarded, as its programming was "all black box spaghetti code from Seamus". GameSpot's T. Liam MacDonald noted that the "Flight Unlimited II" team expected soon to use the same engine for a combat flight simulator set in World War II. "Computer Gaming World" similarly reported that the company was "definitely hot" to develop "Flight Combat", and that it might be created after "Flight Unlimited II". Following that game's completion, the team could not decide between developing "Flight Unlimited III" or "Flight Combat". As a result, they decided to develop them simultaneously, and "Flight Combat" began production in early 1998. Unlike all of the studio's other games, development of "Flight Combat" was funded through an insured bond, in an attempt to guarantee that the game would be finished. The company's Tim Stellmach later said that this setup was "a real pain for team in some ways".
Looking Glass signed a multi-game publishing deal with Electronic Arts in May 1998, and that company became the publisher of "Flight Combat". The team "undersold" the game to Electronic Arts, and James Sterrett of the fansite Through the Looking Glass believed that the team "gambled that it could get the game out the door faster than the budget actually called for". In March 1999, the game was announced as the World War II-themed "Flight Combat: Thunder Over Europe", directed by Hantzopoulos and scheduled for release in fall of that year. That May, the game was shown at the Electronic Arts booth at E3. "Computer Games Magazine"s Steve Udell wrote that the game would feature a new iteration of the "Flight Unlimited" terrain renderer, and IGN reported that one million square miles of terrain based on European landscapes would be available. Weather conditions such as snow and rain were planned. Udell wrote that "Flight Combat"s flight physics were an updated version of those from recent "Flight Unlimited" games, with new material taken from operations manuals and flight tests. Plane models and textures were based on photographs, and many of the moving parts and flight control surfaces were modeled individually. Players were given the option to customize planes. Udell described a physics-based damage system that, according to the company, made it impossible to "see the exact same kind of damage twice". Two campaigns—the Battle of Britain and the Defence of the Reich—were announced, with missions based on dogfights, air-to-ground combat and bombing runs. Looking Glass claimed that the game would feature "moving tanks and ships duk it out on a dynamic battlefield" as the player carried out missions. Aesthetically, IGN's Tal Blevins noted that the game had "a very distinct 40s charm", which was present "from the briefings to the options screens".
Bankruptcy and cancellation.
Electronic Arts rebranded "Flight Combat" as "Jane's Attack Squadron", to fit with the Jane's Information Group license that the publisher had used for its Jane's Combat Simulations line. According to Stellmach, the publisher demanded that the game be heavily redesigned "partway through" development, which exacerbated the team's existing problems with meeting deadlines. Sterrett believed that the game's schedule and funding did not receive the necessary adjustments to allow for this redesign. Together with "Flight Unlimited III"s commercial failure, the expenses of "Jane's Attack Squadron"s long development used up revenue from ', which had helped the company recover from the failure of ' and "British Open Championship Golf". Compounding these problems, business deals with Microsoft, Irrational Games and Eidos Interactive were unsuccessful. As a result, Looking Glass Studios went bankrupt in May 2000. At the time, "Jane's Attack Squadron" was roughly three months from completion. "Thief II Gold" and "Thief III" were cancelled as a result of the company's closure, but "Jane's Attack Squadron", because it was near completion and funded through an insured bond, had a chance of being finished.
According to Gordon Berg of "Computer Gaming World", the legal and logistical problems of keeping "a portion of Looking Glass [...] intact" to finish the game had been "hurdled". Further, because of the game's type of funding, the continued development of "Jane's Attack Squadron" would have been at little cost to Electronic Arts. Fans petitioned the publisher to let development continue, and Looking Glass employee Rich Carlson said that Hantzopoulos and others from the "Flight" series, roughly twenty in all, were prepared to work on the game again. The petition reached 2,000 signatures by May 30 and 5,000 by June 1. However, Electronic Arts dropped the game. The publisher's Jeff Brown said that the decision "was based on our deep uncertainty that the project could meet any schedule given the changes in senior management and a history of missing deadlines." Brown told the website Combatsim that Electronic Arts had "worked diligently" with Looking Glass for more than two years, and that, although the game had missed its planned October 1999 release, they had been willing to delay the project into 2000. He blamed the developer's closure for the decision to cancel the game. Rumors circulated that the decision was part of the publisher's larger plan to abandon the flight simulator genre, and "Computer Gaming World"s Denny Atkin later summarized that the company "ran screaming from the simulation market" after Looking Glass's bankruptcy. Electronic Arts soon dropped the Jane's Information Group license.
At Mad Doc.
After the closure of Looking Glass, certain employees of that company moved to developer Mad Doc Software, and they hoped to complete "Jane's Attack Squadron". The game's original lead designer and lead programmer were among those hired by Mad Doc. Dotted Line Entertainment, Mad Doc's agent company, secured the rights to the game's code for the team in 2001. Development commenced shortly afterward. In August of that year, it was reported that the Jane's Information Group license had been obtained by Xicat Interactive, and that the company planned to publish Mad Doc's revival of "Jane's Attack Squadron". The full details of the agreement were announced at that year's European Computer Trade Show, where it was revealed that "Jane's Attack Squadron" would focus heavily on air-to-ground combat. According to Mad Doc's Tim Farrar, "Our goal wasn't to create a completely new game, it was to complete the game that was started at LG." Farrar noted that, although the company "trimmed some of the more ambitious features", "Jane's Attack Squadron" was effectively "the same game" created by Looking Glass. As with "Flight Combat", the game features one million square miles of terrain, planes with individually modelled moving parts and a physics-based damage system.
In October 2001, the game was officially announced in a press release by Mad Doc. Steve Nadeau, the lead designer of the game at both development studios, said that he looked forward to polishing "Jane's Attack Squadron" and "giv it a new life". He believed that the team was "very excited" to finish the game, a sentiment later echoed by the game's producer, David Halpern. According to Nadeau, the presence of members of the Looking Glass team ensured that it would "closely reflect our original vision of the game: an action-packed World War II air combat simulation accessible to users of all skill levels". Farrar announced that the team's mission and physics editors would be released alongside the game, which he hoped would generate interest among players. Farrar later commented that, because of the game's physics-based damage system and individually modelled components, wings could be shot off and fuel tanks detonated. He also explained that coolant tanks could be hit, giving the pilot a limited amount of time before the plane engine overheated. He wrote that losing a wing tip meant "a bumpy ride", but the loss of the tail caused the plane to "spin into the ground". "Jane's Attack Squadron" went gold in March 2002, and was released that month.
Reception.
Denny Atkin of "Computer Gaming World" wrote that "Jane's Attack Squadron" "had the potential to be sim of the year in 2000", but that it had been rendered largely irrelevant by delays and "unrealized design goals". He believed that its graphics would have been "state of the art in 2000", but he found them middling in 2002; and he noted the presence of numerous glitches. He considered the game's most serious flaw to be its low number of missions. Although Atkin found the air-to-air combat "generally fun", citing "good pilot AI" and "decent" flight physics, he believed that the game's bombing runs were its most outstanding element. He hoped that fans would use the mission and physics editors to improve the game, and he concluded, "It's buggy, but when it works it's worth flying." Andy Mahood of "PC Gamer US" wrote that "Jane's Attack Squadron" is "unquestionably an entertaining and unique WWII prop sim", but he believed that it was clearly inferior to games such as "IL-2 Sturmovik". He found the game's graphics to be outdated and its design to be "simplistic", and he wrote that its "somewhat basic flight model" prevents advanced maneuvers. He praised the game's sound effects and music, as well as its "intricate damage modeling", as its best features. He finished by saying that, because the genre was "starving for fresh titles", "Jane's Attack Squadron" could be recommended despite its flaws.
IGN's Tom Chick found it "unrealistic, erratic, and limited", writing that it "looks bad, plays poorly, and is unstable". He disliked its "canned and rigidly scripted missions", although he found its bombing runs "interesting" and its air-to-air combat features acceptable. However, he believed that ease of shooting down aircraft made the damage system's "powerful amount of flexibility" worthless. Chick believed that the multiplayer component was one of the game's worst features, and he derided the game's "suspiciously canned physics", which offered "a grab bag of fidelity mixed in with heaps of silliness". He summarized "Jane's Attack Squadron" as "awful". Josh Horowitz of The Adrenaline Vault noted the complex damage system, and he believed that the game "looks as good as most of today's flight simulators", although he experienced performance issues. He noted that the gameplay was hurt by "corner cutting or general incompletion", such as the limited in-game tutorials. Horowitz found the game "repetitive" because of its lack of missions and "low sense of involvement", and, like Chick, he disliked its multiplayer and "linear" missions. Although he offered significant praise for its sound, Horowitz concluded that the game was "a buggy, incomplete offering", and that those "looking for the next great Jane's title will likely be disappointed".
GameSpy's Bernard Dy wrote that the game failed to live up to the Jane's Combat Simulations pedigree, and he believed that those who enjoyed "the realism of "Il-2 Sturmovik" will be disappointed". He disliked its "relaxed flight models" and lack of features, and he cited a large number of glitches. However, Dy found its damage system "robust" and he believed that the game was "not a total loss". Like Atkin, he hoped that fans would improve the game with its detailed editors, although he believed that this was somewhat unlikely.

</doc>
<doc id="9709363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709363" title="Bathiya Perera">
Bathiya Perera

Wagawattage Maithree Bathiya Perera (born 28 April 1977 in Colombo) is a cricketer. A right-handed batsman and part-time leg break bowler, he has represented Sri Lanka A at international level.
Perera impressed in the under 23 and the premier tournaments of 2001/02 and 2002/03 where he was the highest runs scorer for both seasons. As a member of Sri Lanka A he has toured South Africa and played in the ICC six nation tournament in Namibia, New Zealand and the UK. In domestic cricket he has played for Colts Cricket Club, Colombo Cricket Club and Moors Sports Club. He has also spent time in the Australian Cricket Academy in Adelaide.

</doc>
<doc id="9709377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709377" title="Tammerfest">
Tammerfest

Tammerfest is an urban city festival located in Tampere, Finland which was established in 1995. For 5 days and 5 nights in July, Tammerfest spreads the message of summer, joy, music and festival atmosphere to the whole town. Everything happens in the heart of the city whether it’s in a park, a cruise, a club or on the street. Music flows out from every corner and there is always something going on somewhere.
There is not only one festival area, since during this long weekend the whole city and its people are part of the festival. There are over 20 locations to see and hear music.

</doc>
<doc id="9709394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709394" title="William Wright (priest)">
William Wright (priest)

William Wright (1563, York, England - 18 January 1639, London, England) was an English Roman Catholic scholar and Jesuit missionary priest. He was imprisoned after the Gunpowder plot.
Life.
He was born at York, and was educated at the English College, Rome. He entered Society of Jesus in 1581, and was professed of the four vows in 1602. He taught as professor of philosophy and theology at Gratz and Vienna.
He joined the English mission in 1606, when he became chaplain to the Gages at Hengrave Hall, Suffolk. He was soon arrested and imprisoned in the Tower of London (July 1607), and later in the White Lion Prison. He opposed the oath of allegiance and supremacy required by James I's government. Supported by his brother Thomas, an ex-Jesuit, Wright disputed publicly against the oath, and the Gages, whom he had instructed, refused to take it.
When the bubonic plague ravaged London and his prison, he nursed the sick; buried the dead, and in the confusion escaped to Leicestershire, where he organized a series of missions, originally called the Residence of St. Anne. From 1612 onwards he took to writing, and a dozen volumes are ascribed to him: three of controversy, the rest translations of the works of Martin Becan, Lessius and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9709449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709449" title="Sausalito Marin City School District">
Sausalito Marin City School District

Sausalito Marin City School District (SMCSD) is a public school district with offices in Sausalito, California, United States. The district serves Sausalito and the unincorporated area of Marin City in Marin County. As of the 2004-05 school year, the District had 263 students at its three schools.
History.
During much of the district's history, the demographics were evenly split between White students and African-American students. Most of the military families from nearby bases, who were mostly White, sent their children to Sausalito public schools. After the Cold War ended, the United States Department of Defense closed Fort Baker, Fort Berry, and the Presidio of San Francisco. Over 100 students left the school in one period after the military transfers. By then, many families in Sausalito were sending children to private schools instead of public schools. By 1996 80% of the students were African American, and most of the district's students were poor. Despite the district's high student spending and small class sizes, test scores were low.
In 1997 the Marin County Civil Grand Jury published a report indicating that, despite the ample funding, the district had poor performance and violence.
In 2006 Jennifer Gollan and Don Speich of the "Marin Independent Journal" said "Poor academic achievement in the Sausalito Marin City School District has rendered the concept of public neighborhood schools largely meaningless as dozens of children in the district, both black and white, flock to private schools."
A 2008 followup to the county report indicated improvements and suggested that the Bayside and Martin Luther King schools be returned to K-8 configurations.
In 2011 Rob Rogers of the "Marin Independent Journal" said that the district continually had, of all of the Marin County school districts, the lowest test scores. The University of Southern California's Rossier School of Education named Willow Creek Academy one of the top charter schools in California.
On Thursday January 21, 2014, the board voted to make the Marin City school a K-8 and to close Bayside, having its buildings be used by the Willow Creek charter school, which will use the Bayside campus to house three additional classrooms. The consolidation of Bayside into MLK will be in effect in the northern hemisphere fall of 2013.
Staff.
The District had 19.0 full-time-equivalent classroom teachers (2.0 kindergarten and 17.0 elementary). The other 25.0 staff included 11.5 instructional aides or coordinators, 8 district and school administrators, and 5.5 support staff. There were no guidance counselors or library staff.
Fiscal.
The District budget as of 2004-05 was $5,333,000, or $17,203 per student. Revenue sources were 6% federal, 81% local, and 13% state.
School Buildings Improvement Bond.
On November 2, 2004, District voters approved Measure I, the School Improvement Bond of 2004, a $15.9 million bond measure that authorizes funding for repairs, upgrades, and new construction projects to the three schools in the District.
The District contracted with the Professional Projects Advisory Group, VBN Architects and Turner Construction to prepare a detailed timeline and budget for construction.
Community demographics.
In 2000, the attendance area had a total population under age 18 of 1,265, of which 101 (8.0%) were Hispanic.
The racial composition was 
Schools.
Bayside Elementary School.
Bayside Elementary School has an enrollment of 106 students in kindergarten through sixth grade. With 9.0 full-time-equivalent teachers, Bayside has a student-teacher ratio of 11.8. The campus is located in the urban fringe of a large city. Bayside is neither a charter or magnet school.
Student demographics<br>
The majority of the students are Black or African American. Enrollment by race or ethnicity and by gender are as follows:
Bayside is a Title I School, with a School-Wide Program. The majority of the students are eligible for subsidized meals: 74.5% for free lunch and 7.5% for reduced-price lunch. There are no migrant students. 
Martin Luther King, Jr. Academy.
Martin Luther King, Jr. Academy has an enrollment of 51 students in seventh and eighth grades. With 3.0 full-time-equivalent teachers, Martin Luther King, Jr. has a student-teacher ratio of 17.0. The campus is located in the urban fringe of a large city. Martin Luther King, Jr.is neither a charter or magnet school.
Student demographics<br>
The majority of the students are Black or African American. Enrollment by race or ethnicity and by gender are as follows:
Martin Luther King, Jr.is a Title I School, with a School-Wide Program. The majority of the students are eligible for subsidized meals: 92.% for free lunch or reduced-price lunch. There are no migrant students. 

</doc>
<doc id="9709458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709458" title="List of law enforcement agencies in South Carolina">
List of law enforcement agencies in South Carolina

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of South Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="9709473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709473" title="Shallow column station">
Shallow column station

The shallow column station is a type of construction of subway stations, with the distinguishing feature being an abundance of supplementary supports for the underground cavity. Most designs employ metal columns or concrete and steel columns arranged in lines parallel to the long axis of the station.
Stations can be double-span with a single row of columns, triple-span with two rows of columns, or multi-span. The typical shallow column station in Russia is triple-span, assembled from concrete and steel, and is from 102 to 164 metres in length with a column spacing of 4-6 m. Along with the typical stations, there are also specially built stations. For example, one of the spans may be replaced with a monolithic vault (as in the "Moskovskaya" station of the Samara Metro or "Sibirskaya" in Novosibirsk). In some cases, one of the rows of columns may be replaced with a load-bearing wall. Such a dual hall, one-span station, "Kashirskaya", was constructed to provide a convenient cross-platform transfer. Recently, stations have appeared with monolithic concrete and steel instead of assembled pieces, as "Ploshchad Tukaya" in Kazan.
The typical shallow column station has two vestibules at both ends of the station, most often combined with below-street crossings.
For many metro systems outside Russia, the typical column station is a two-span station with metal columns, as in New York, Berlin, and others. In Chicago, underground stations of the Chicago 'L' are three-span stations if constructed with a centre platform.
In the Moscow Metro, approximately half of the stations are of shallow depth, built in the 1960s and 1970s, but in Saint Petersburg, because of the difficult soil conditions and dense building in the centre of the city this was impossible. The Saint Petersburg Metro has only three shallow-depth stations altogether, all of column design: Avtovo, Leninsky Prospekt, and Prospekt Veteranov. The first of these is less typical, as it is buried at a significant depth, and has only one surface vestibule.

</doc>
<doc id="9709480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709480" title="The Long Walk Home">
The Long Walk Home

The Long Walk Home is a 1990 film starring Sissy Spacek and Whoopi Goldberg, and directed by Richard Pearce.
Set in Alabama, it is based on a screenplay about the Montgomery Bus Boycott (1955-1956) by John Cork and a short film by the same name, produced by students at the University of Southern California in 1988.
Origins.
The feature film is based on a short screenplay and film of the same name, written by John Cork, then a graduate student in directing at USC. He had submitted his script to the Cinema Department for consideration, hoping also to direct it. While USC selected Cork's script for production, the department assigned Beverlyn E. Fray, another student, to direct it.
The short film won several awards, including first place at the Black American Cinema Society. But Cork was unhappy with the finished project and unsuccessfully tried to block screenings of the short film.
Plot.
The film was expanded as a feature.
Set in Montgomery, Alabama, United States, during the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, it features Whoopi Goldberg as Odessa Cotter, an African-American woman who works as a maid/nanny for Miriam Thompson, a well-to-do white woman played by Sissy Spacek. Odessa and her family confront typical issues faced by African Americans in the South at the time: poverty, racism, segregation, and violence. The black community has begun a widespread boycott of the city-owned buses to end segregation; Odessa takes on a long walk both ways to work.
Miriam Thompson offers to give her a ride two days a week to ensure she gets to work on time and to lessen the fatigue her “long walk home” is causing. Around the city, some informal carpools and other systems are starting, but most of the blacks walk to work.
As the boycott continues, tensions rise in the city. Blacks had been the majority riders on the city-owned buses, and the system is suffering financially. Miriam's decision to support Odessa by giving her a ride becomes an issue with her husband and other prominent members of the white community, who want the boycott to end. Miriam has to choose between what she believes is right or succumb to pressure from her husband and friends.
After a fight with her husband, Miriam decides to follow her heart. She becomes involved in a carpool group to help other black workers like Odessa. In the film's final scene, Miriam and her daughter Mary Catherine join Odessa and the other protesters in standing against oppression.
Development.
One of the three GM "old-look" transit buses used in this film was the Montgomery Bus Lines bus #2857, which Rosa Parks had been riding when she refused to give up her seat and was arrested. (Her arrest was the catalyst for the black community's calling the boycott.) By the time of the film, the bus was in poor condition. The filmmakers had it given a partial repaint and towed it by a cable for its scenes in the movie. It is now owned by the Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn Michigan, where it is on permanent display.
Early into production, cinematographer John Bailey was to have made his directorial debut on this film but was replaced by Richard Pearce.
Release.
The film was released theatrically on December 21, 1990. In the U.S., it gained another theatrical release in March 1991 after Miramax withdrew the film from its limited December 1990 release due to the heavy competition of the 1990 holiday season.
After the film's theatrical run, it was released to videocassette by Live Home Video in the United States and in Canada that same year by Cineplex Odeon.
In 2002, the film was released twice on DVD by Platinum Disc and Artisan Entertainment, both presented in full-screen without bonus features. Both DVDs are now discontinued. On January 29, 2013, a new DVD was released by Lionsgate, under license from Miramax. It is still in full-screen and does not contain any bonus features. A widescreen DVD is available in Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="9709483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709483" title="Barrington Rowland">
Barrington Rowland

Barrington Marquis Rowland (b.8 January 1980) in Bangalore, India is a cricketer who plays for Karnataka. A right-handed batsman, he has represented Karnataka through all age groups and captained the under 16 side. He is Currently head coach of University cricket club

</doc>
<doc id="9709507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709507" title="Alessandro Dell'Acqua">
Alessandro Dell'Acqua

Alessandro Dell'Acqua (b. 21 December 1962 in Naples) is a fashion designer. He presented his first prêt-à-porter collection at Milan Moda Donna in 1996 and his first men's line at Pitti in Florence in January 1998.
Dell'Acqua took over as creative director at Malo, the Italian luxury knit company, and showed at Milan Fashion Week for the Spring 2009 season in September.
At June 2009, Dell'Acqua sent out a press release informing the press that the men's Spring-Summer 2010 and women's Pre-spring 2010 collections will be produced without his approval, and departed ways with his eponymous label.
Currently, Dell'Acqua is back on the fashion scene with a new collection, named N°21. The name comes from the designer's birthday, and it's also his lucky number. The 80-piece collection, which spans dresses to knitwear to outerwear, will debut at the upcoming Fall 2010 Milan Fashion Week with a small runway show on February.

</doc>
<doc id="9709523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709523" title="Tunica County School District">
Tunica County School District

The Tunica County School District is a public school district based in Tunica, Mississippi (USA). The district's boundaries parallel that of Tunica County.
History.
After the rise of the gambling industry in the county in the 1990s, an influx of tax revenue went into the school system. By 2007 the district built a new middle school between the casinos and the town of Tunica. Stephanie N. Mehta of "Fortune" said that because of the influx, the Tunica district pays "good teacher salaries by Mississippi standards".
In 1990, according to a "Fortune" article about Tunica, one in three students at Tunica's high school graduated from high school. In 1991 no agency tracked graduation rates. Mehta said that therefore that while "ore kids are graduating from high school - there's no way to know for sure" whether a significant improvement had been made in the year 2007. In 1997 the State of Mississippi took over the school district after the district did not meet basic performance standards. As of 2007 the high school graduation rate was 87%. Mehta that despite the influx of tax revenue, Rosa Fort High School in 2007 was "a stubborn underperformer." That year, it was ranked a "two" or "underperforming" in the State of Mississippi's five point scale, and about 60% of Rosa Fort's graduates have further schooling. Mehta concluded that "Rosa Fort students aren't a whole lot better off academically than before the casinos arrived." Ronald Love, who had been hired by the state in 1997 to supervise the Tunica school system, said "It is like Tunica suffers from a hangover from 100 years of poverty. There are vestiges of it everywhere: in education, in local politics, in the housing. And when you have been the poorest of the poor, well, an infusion of resources might lighten your load, but you still have the hangover."

</doc>
<doc id="9709543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709543" title="List of law enforcement agencies in South Dakota">
List of law enforcement agencies in South Dakota

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="9709565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709565" title="Radulf de Lamley">
Radulf de Lamley

Radulf de Lamley [Ralph, Ranulf, Randalph de Lambley] (died 1247) was a 13th-century monk and cleric. Radulf's youth is obscure, and it is not until the 1220s that he emerges in the sources as a Tironensian monk, now Abbot of Arbroath. He held the leadership of Arbroath Abbey until 1239, when he was chosen to succeed Gilbert de Stirling as Bishop of Aberdeen.
According to Hector Boece, he was selected purely on merit and maintained his ascetic life after becoming a bishop. This apparently included increasing the asceticism of the cathedral clergy, retaining the light diet of the monk and making his episcopal visitations on foot. Among the notable acts of his episcopate, he exempted the churches owned in corporation by the chapter from episcopal dues and confirmed the grants made by his predecessor bishops. He also excommunicated the murderers of Padraig, Earl of Atholl (d. 1241).
He died in the year 1247, sometime before 13 May when his successor Peter de Ramsay received a papal mandate for consecration.

</doc>
<doc id="9709567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709567" title="Angelina Grün">
Angelina Grün

Angelina Grün (born December 2, 1979 in Dushanbe, Soviet Union (now capital of Tajikistan) is a German volleyball player, who was a member of the German Women's Team at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. Grün also competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Career.
A ninth-time consecutive "German Volleyball Player of the Year" (2000–2008), she played in Turkey for VakıfBank Güneş Sigorta Istanbul for the 2008-2009 season.
After winning the European Champions League with the Italian team Foppapedretti Bergamo in 2007 for a second time after 2005, Grün was honored "Most Valuable Player" of the tournament.
Starting her career in Münster, Germany, where she won the national title in 1997 and the Cup in 2000, she won several Italian Cups (2002, 2006), Championships (2004, 2006) and the CEV Cup (2002 and 2004).
She was awarded "Volleyball-Award 2010", by the Germany Volleyball Association for her services to the sport.
Grün won the silver medal and the Best Server award in the 2012 FIVB Club World Championship, playing with the Azerbaijani club Rabita Baku.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9709572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709572" title="Plateau de Beille">
Plateau de Beille

Plateau de Beille (Occitan: "Plan de Belha") is a ski resort in the Pyrenees. It is situated in the Ariège department, in the Midi-Pyrénées. The winter sports station lies at a height of .
The ski station is located between Tarascon-sur-Ariège and Ax-les-Thermes, close to the Spanish border. The ski slopes are at between . The station is the most important in the Pyrenees for cross-country skiing.
Details of climb.
Starting from Les Cabannes (), the climb to the Plateau de Beille (1790 meters) is 15.8 km long. Over this distance, the climb is . (an average of 7.9%). The maximum gradient is 10.8%.
Tour de France.
Plateau de Beille has been the finish for a Tour de France stage five times: 1998, 2002, 2004, 2007, and 2011. On the first four occasions, the stage winner has gone on to win the Tour: Marco Pantani in 1998, Lance Armstrong in 2002 and 2004, and Alberto Contador in 2007. However, the stage winner in 2011, Jelle Vanendert, did not win the Tour. Although the Tour de France itself does not keep precise track of elapsed time on individual climbs, and occasionally changes their official starting and finishing points, professional coaches and media organizations have recorded the following times:

</doc>
<doc id="9709579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709579" title="Oregon Ballot Measure 7 (2000)">
Oregon Ballot Measure 7 (2000)

Ballot Measure 7, an Oregon, United States ballot initiative that passed with over 53% approval in 2000, amended the Oregon Constitution, requiring the government to reimburse land owners when regulations reduced the value of their property.
It was overturned by the Oregon Supreme Court, but Measure 37 in 2004 was largely similar. Measure 37 differed from Measure 7 in several key ways:
Voters in neighboring Washington had considered a similar measure, Initiative 164, in the mid-1990s, but did not pass it.
Oregonians In Action ran the campaign supporting Measure 7, after taking it over from Bill Sizemore's organization, Oregon Taxpayers United. 1000 Friends of Oregon opposed Measures 7 and 37.

</doc>
<doc id="9709587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709587" title="Polytechnic Touring Association">
Polytechnic Touring Association

The Polytechnic Touring Association was a travel agency which emerged from the efforts of the Regent Street Polytechnic (now University of Westminster) to arrange UK and foreign holidays for students and members of that institution. The PTA became an independent company - though still with close links to the Polytechnic - in 1911. Later it changed its name to Poly Travel, before being acquired in 1962 along with the firm Sir Henry Lunn Ltd. A few years later, the two firms were merged and eventually rebranded as Lunn Poly (and later on as Thomson Holidays). The PTA was one of a number of British travel agencies formed in the latter part of the 19th century, following on from the pioneering efforts of Thomas Cook.
Administrative & Bibliographical History.
Members of the Polytechnic founded by Quintin Hogg (1845-1903) and its predecessors had visited his homes, including Holly Hill in Hampshire, for holidays, but increasing numbers meant that this became impractical. In 1886 trips for members were arranged to Switzerland and Boulogne. In 1888 a party of boys from the Polytechnic School toured Belgium and Switzerland to see the mountains they were learning about in geography lessons. In 1889 arrangements were made for Polytechnic parties to visit the Paris Exhibition. In subsequent years, the tours were opened up to those who were neither students nor members of the Polytechnic. Cruises to Norway began in 1892. 
In 1894 the Director of Education Robert Mitchell (1855-1933) acquired chalets by Lake Lucerne which were to become the most famous centre for the Polytechnic Touring Association. A notable achievement was the organisation of a series of trips to Chicago to see the World's Fair in 1893: more than 1,000 people made the month-long journey. By 1894 the total number of persons participating in Continental tours exceeded 3,000, increasing to 12,000 by 1903. The steam yacht "Ceylon" was purchased in 1896 for cruises of the Norwegian fjords. Polytechnic employees acted as guides. However in 1896-97, the travel firm Thomas Cook and Son sent several complaints to the Department for Education regarding the tours being subsidised by governmental grants. 
The name 'Polytechnic Touring Association' emerged around the year 1900, although its organisation was still within the Polytechnic. Its trips claimed to pioneer cheaper travel, making it accessible to less affluent middle-class and lower middle-class travellers. Its office was adjacent to the main entrance of the Regent Street Polytechnic building. The tours were initially organised within the general administration of the Polytechnic, though after the Scheme of Administration in 1891, there was pressure from the auditors to separate out the accounts and administration. Robert Mitchell remained the driving force until after World War One. 
The continued expansion of the firm after 1918 was due largely to the leadership of Cmdr Ronald G Studd: when he left the Navy in 1921 his father, Sir Kynaston Studd, President of the Polytechnic, invited him to take over the management of the tours. He did this very successfully, expanding the range of tours to include southern Europe but continuing to focus on Switzerland as the primary PTA destination. Kynaston Studd was PTA chairman until his death in 1944; Ronald Studd, as well as being PTA Managing Director, was on the Polytechnic Board of Governors. The PTA offices remained on Polytechnic premises until 1950 and the agency made annual donations to the Polytechnic to support its work.
When the Creative Tourist Agents Conference was formed, Ronald Studd became chairman; he was also the first vice-chairman of ABTA when it was created in 1950. In 1962 Poly Travel (as it had been renamed in 1958) was acquired by Harold Bamberg, who also acquired the firm of Henry Lunn Ltd and eventually merged the firms to form the travel retailer Lunn Poly (rebranded as Thomson Holidays in 2005).

</doc>
<doc id="9709602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709602" title="Arville">
Arville

Arville may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9709609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709609" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Tennessee">
List of law enforcement agencies in Tennessee

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Tennessee.
See also.
General:

</doc>
<doc id="9709617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709617" title="Stephen of Ohrid and Macedonia">
Stephen of Ohrid and Macedonia

Stephen () is the fifth Archbishop of Ohrid and Macedonia, metropolitan of Skopje, primate and spiritual leader of the Macedonian Orthodox Church.
Biograpny.
Archbishop Stefan, whose secular name is Stojan Veljanovski ("Стојан Вељановски"), was born on May 1, 1955, in the village of Dobruševo, Mogila Municipality in southern Macedonia.
In 1969, he enrolled in the "Macedonian Orthodox Theological Seminary of St. Clement of Ohrid" in Dračevo, where he graduated in 1974. The same year he went on to study at the University of Belgrade Theological Faculty, graduating in 1979.
Upon his return to Macedonia, the Holy Synod of the Macedonian Orthodox Church named him a teacher at the Theological Seminary in Skopje. In 1980, he left for postgraduate studies at the Institute of St. Nicholas in Bari, Italy, which specializes in ecumenical-patristic and Greco-Byzantine studies. In 1982, he received a master's degree from this institute.
When he returned to Macedonia, Stefan became a lecturer at Skopje's St. Clement of Ohrid Theological Faculty.
He took his monastic vows at the St. Naum monastery in Ohrid on July 3, 1986, and on July 12 he was named Metropolitan of Zletovo and Strumica. Shortly thereafter he was enthroned as Bishop of Bregalnica and Štip.
In the following years, Bishop Stefan served as dean of the Theological Faculty in Skopje, spokesman for the Holy Synod of the Macedonian Orthodox Church, as editor in chief of the church's official gazette "Church Life" ("Црковен живот") and as secretary-general of the Archbishopric of Ohrid and Macedonia.
In Ohrid on 9 and October 10, 1999, the "Church National Assembly" ― a congregation of clerics and laymen ― elected Bishop Stephen as head of the Macedonian Orthodox Church. Reacting to concerns that Bishop Stefan was only 44 years old when he was elected, Protodeacon Slave Projkovski said the Macedonian Orthodox Church believed in Stefan's intellectual and moral maturity. Projkovski added, however, that the future of the Church did not only depend on Archbishop Stefan since, as head of the Macedonian Orthodox Church, he was merely the first among equals.
Archbishop Stefan has repeatedly urged politicians to support the Macedonian Orthodox Church in its longstanding feud with the Serbian Orthodox Church, which has never recognized the legitimacy of the former.

</doc>
<doc id="9709618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709618" title="Nabil Taïder">
Nabil Taïder

Nabil Taïder (born 26 May 1983 in Lavaur, Tarn) is a French-born Tunisian international footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Personal.
Taïder was born in France to a Tunisian father and an Algerian mother of Kabyle descent. His younger brother, Saphir Sliti Taïder, is also a professional footballer and is currently playing for Inter Milan.
Club career.
Taïder began his career in the youth ranks of Toulouse FC. In 2001 he was promoted to the senior side and would go on to be a key player in the midfield for the French side. In six years at the club Taïder would appear in 144 league matches and score 4 goals. During the 2006/07 season he was loaned to FC Lorient and would appear in 11 matches and score one goal. The following season he went on loan to Stade Reims and was a key player for the club appearing in 24 league matches and scoring 3 goals. In 2008 he left France and joined Greece's Skoda Xanthi F.C.. In his first year with Skoda Xanthi, Taïder played in 24 matches and scored two goals. His second year in Greece saw him feature less frequently. As a result, he left the club during the winter transfer period.
On 8 January 2010, Sivasspor signed the Tunisian midfielder for the second half of the Turkish season. While with Sivasspor, Taïder appeared in 8 league matches.
On 19 April 2011, Taider appeared in a reserve game for Championship side Bristol City FC. Nabil played an hour in a 2–1 defeat against Yeovil Town FC.
Taïder joined ND Gorica on 30 August 2013, the paper was completed on 5 September 2013.
International career.
In 2005, at the age of 21, he attempted to join the Tunisia national football team for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, however FIFA deemed him ineligible as he had played for France U21, as opposed to the Tunisia national football team, before the age of 21. In 2009 he was finally able to debut for Tunisia. On 6 September 2009 he scored his first goal with Tunisia in a 2–2 draw against Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="9709629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709629" title="Mike Nickel">
Mike Nickel

Mike Nickel (born 1965) is a politician in Alberta, Canada and the current Ward 11 councillor in Edmonton.
Nickel was born in Edmonton and attended the University of Alberta, earning a Bachelor's degree in Political Science and a Master's degree in Statistics and Media Studies. During his time at university, Nickel served as President of the University of Alberta Students' Union from 1985 to 1986 and was active in the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity.
In 1995, Nickel was a founding member of the Edmonton Stickmen, a group of young businessmen who were critical of then-mayor Jan Reimer for what they saw as anti-business policies. Reimer was defeated in that election by Bill Smith, against whom Nickel ran unsuccessfully in the 1998 and 2001 municipal elections, finishing second and third respectively.
In 2004, Nickel was elected to Edmonton's city council from Ward 5. On City Council, he developed a reputation for opposing tax increases, Councilor pay increases, and a wide variety of regulation that he saw as interfering with the ability of businesspeople to make a living. He sought a second term in the 2007 election, but was defeated by Don Iveson and finished third of four candidates.
In the October 2013 election, Nickel was elected as the councillor of Ward 11 after Iveson was elected mayor of Edmonton.

</doc>
<doc id="9709638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709638" title="Arthur Stanley, 5th Baron Sheffield">
Arthur Stanley, 5th Baron Sheffield

Arthur Lyulph Stanley, 5th Baron Sheffield KCMG (14 September 1875 – 22 August 1931), also 5th Baron Stanley of Alderley and 4th Baron Eddisbury, was an English nobleman and Governor of Victoria from 1914 to 1920.
Stanley was the second child and first son of Edward Lyulph Stanley, 4th Baron Sheffield and Mary Katherine Bell. On 29 August 1905 he married Margaret Evelyn Evans Gordon. They had five children:
Stanley was educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford where obtained a BA in 1898. In 1902 he was called to the bar at the Inner Temple. In 1904 he became a London County Councillor and in 1906 became Liberal Member of Parliament for Eddisbury in Cheshire near the family seat. Whilst an MP he was Parliamentary Secretary to the Postmaster General serving under Sydney Buxton. His sister, Venetia Stanley, was a close correspondent of the Prime Minister and leader of the Liberal party, H. H. Asquith.
In 1913 he was serving as High Sheriff of Anglesey when he was appointed Governor of Victoria. He was made a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) and took up his post on 23 February 1914. He served a five-year term and an additional year until relinquishing the post on 30 January 1920, although he had returned to Britain the previous year due to ill health. In the 1923 General election he stood unsuccessfully as Liberal candidate for Knutsford, losing by 80 votes to Conservative, Sir Ernest Makins. From 1925 to 1928 he was Chairman of the Royal Colonial Institute and of the East Africa Joint Committee.
In 1925 he succeeded his father to the three baronies and was known by the Sheffield title. He died in August 1931 of a bacterial infection, actinomycosis. He was succeeded by his son Edward.

</doc>
<doc id="9709641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709641" title="List of members of the Swiss Federal Council">
List of members of the Swiss Federal Council

The seven members of the Swiss Federal Council (German: Schweizerischer Bundesrat; French: Conseil fédéral suisse; Italian: Consiglio federale svizzero; ) constitute the federal government of Switzerland and serve as the country's head of state. Each of the seven Councillors heads a department of the Swiss federal administration.
The members of the Federal Council are elected for a term of four years by both chambers of the federal parliament sitting together as the Federal Assembly. Each Councillor is elected individually by secret ballot by an absolute majority of votes. A person elected to the Council by the Federal Assembly is considered a Federal Councillor even if he or she declines the election. Accordingly, the five persons who did so and never assumed office are listed in a separate table below. For the same reason, the principal table only records the date of election, and not the date on which the Councillors assumed their office.
Once elected for a four-year-term, Federal Councillors can neither be voted out of office by a motion of no confidence nor can they be impeached. Re-election is possible for an indefinite number of terms. Parliament has decided not to re-elect a sitting Councillor only four times, and only twice (in 2003 and 2007) since the beginning of the 20th century. In practice, therefore, Councillors serve until they decide to resign and retire to private life, usually after three to five terms of office.
Members.
Legend:
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br> 
<br>
<br>
The Councillors currently serving are indicated with bold type.
Members who declined their election.
Five people have declined their election to the Federal Council by the Federal Assembly. Their number here is that of the Federal Councillor in the list above who was later elected in their place.

</doc>
<doc id="9709651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709651" title="Horace Rowan Gaither">
Horace Rowan Gaither

Horace Rowan Gaither, Jr. (1909 – April 7, 1961), known as H. Rowan Gaither, was a San Francisco attorney, investment banker, and a powerful administrator at the Ford Foundation. During World War II, he served as assistant director of the Radiation Laboratory at M.I.T. In 1948, he helped found the Rand Corporation and served as a trustee until 1959. From 1959 through his death, Gaither was a general partner and co-founder of Draper, Gaither & Anderson, one of the first venture capital firms on the west coast of the U.S., together with William H. Draper, Jr., a retired Army general and Frederick L. Anderson, a retired Air Force general.
He was hired by Henry Ford II to help set the priorities of the Ford Foundation in 1947, chairing the study committee that wrote the "Report of the Study for the Ford Foundation on Policy and Program." He was later president of the Ford Foundation. He is best remembered today as the author of the controversial 1957 Gaither Report on the vulnerability of American defense. He died in 1961 of lung cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="9709675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709675" title="Sara Anzanello">
Sara Anzanello

Sara Anzanello (born 30 July 1980) is an Italian volleyball player in the middle hitter-blocker role. 
Anzanello was born in San Donà di Piave, province of Venice. She debuted for Italy national team in 1998, when she was 17 years old. She has a total of 203 caps for her team. 
She currently plays for Azərreyl Baku.

</doc>
<doc id="9709678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709678" title="Boitron">
Boitron

Boitron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9709682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709682" title="Alcatel-Lucent v. Microsoft Corp.">
Alcatel-Lucent v. Microsoft Corp.

Lucent Technologies Inc. v. Gateway Inc. 470 F.Supp.2d 1180 (S.D.Cal.,2007) is a patent infringement case between Alcatel-Lucent and Microsoft litigated in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California and appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The amount of damages awarded was $1.53 billion; the final verdict was given in August 2007 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California in San Diego. The damages award was reversed on appeal in September 2009, and the case was returned for a separate trial on the amount of damages.
Origin.
The dispute between Microsoft and Lucent (and later Alcatel-Lucent) began in 2003 when Lucent Technologies (acquired by Alcatel in 2006) filed suit against Gateway and Dell in U.S. District Court, San Diego, California. Lucent claimed in this first San Diego case that Dell and Gateway had violated patents on MP3-related technologies developed by Bell Labs, a division of predecessor company American Telephone & Telegraph. Other patents said to be infringed relate to MPEG video technology, speech technology, internet technology, and other technologies. Microsoft voluntarily joined the lawsuit in April 2003 and Alcatel was added after it acquired Lucent.
After the first San Diego lawsuit was filed, Microsoft and Lucent have filed additional patent lawsuits against each other.
In February 2007, Microsoft filed a lawsuit at the International Trade Commission claiming that Alcatel-Lucent infringed its patents.
There is a second case in San Diego where Microsoft is asserting that Alcatel-Lucent infringes 10 of its patents, and yet another case in Texas where each alleges that the other is infringing its patents.
Patents.
In the first San Diego case, Alcatel-Lucent claims ownership of several patents relating to MP3 and MPEG encoding and compression technologies, as well as other technologies. The patents were obtained as the result of work done at Bell Labs before the breakup of American Telephone & Telegraph. 
Certain patents at issue were:
U.S. Patent No. 5,341,457, Perceptual Coding of Audio Signals, to Joseph L. Hall and James D. Johnston. Filed: August 20, 1993 Granted: August 23, 1994
U.S. Reissue Patent No. RE39,080, Rate loop processor for perceptual encoder/decoder, to James D. Johnston. Filed: August 13, 2002. Reissue of 05627938 Filed: Sep., 1994 Granted: May., 1997
Trials.
The first part of the San Diego case involved the '457 and '080 audio coding patents. Alcatel-Lucent claimed that Microsoft's Windows Media Player infringed these patents by virtue of its MP3 capabilities. Testimony was given by inventors James Johnston and Joseph Hall. Coincidentally, AT&T inventor James Johnston was employed by Microsoft post-AT&T breakup and during the trial. Additional testimony was taken from Dr. Karlheinz Brandenburg, who worked with Johnston at Bell Labs.
On February 22, 2007, a San Diego jury found for Alcatel-Lucent and against Microsoft. Alcatel-Lucent was awarded a record-breaking $1.52 billion in damages. The damages could have been $4.5 billion but the jury was unable to decide if the infringement was "willful." Microsoft disputed the verdict, maintaining that the federal jury's decision was "unsupported by the law or facts", since Microsoft had already paid $16 million to license the technology from Fraunhofer IIS which, it claims, is "the industry-recognized rightful licensor".
Subsequently, on August 6, 2007 the federal judge in San Diego, U.S. District Judge Rudi Brewster, granted Microsoft's motions for Judgment as a matter of law (JMOL) and for new trial, saying that the jury's decision was not supported by the evidence. The Judge's Order found that there was insufficient evidence both for Microsoft's liability and for the damages model used by Alcatel-Lucent. Alcatel-Lucent appealed the judge's decision, and the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit heard oral arguments in July 2007. The Court of Appeals published its decision on September 25, 2008, upholding the dismissal of the case by Judge Brewster on two grounds. The court held that Fraunhofer was a joint developer and thus co-owner of one patent, which meant that Lucent lacked standing to sue. The other patent was not infringed because Lucent failed to show that the patented algorithm was ever used by Microsoft's products.
A week after the first jury verdict, on March 2, Judge Brewster granted summary judgment in the second part of the case that Microsoft had not violated Alcatel-Lucent's patents relating to speech recognition, and the case was therefore dismissed before going to trial. Alcatel-Lucent stated that it intended to appeal.
The trial in the third part of the San Diego case involved four patents. In April 2008, a jury awarded Alcatel-Lucent $367.4 million in damages after finding that Microsoft had violated two patents related to the user interface in its software. One of the patents found infringed by Microsoft's Tablet PC products involved technology originally developed by GO Corp. concerning gestures using a stylus on a tablet computer. (Microsoft's acquisition of the technology is the subject of a separate antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft.) The bulk of the damages award resulted from the jury's finding infringement of another patent titled "Touch Screen Form Entry System" that was found to cover form entry methods in Microsoft's Outlook and other products. In June 2008, the trial judge upheld the jury's verdict and increased the damage award against Microsoft to $512 million to account for interest.
In the fourth San Diego case, the jury issued its verdict on June 2, 2008. This time both Microsoft and Lucent were asserting that the other side was infringing its patents. The jury found that Lucent did not infringe Microsoft's patents (and one patent was invalid) and that Microsoft's Xbox did not infringe Lucent's patent.
Settlement.
In November 2008, Microsoft and Alcatel-Lucent announced they had agreed to settle of most of the patent litigation between the companies. The case on appeal regarding user interfaces, in which Alcatel-Lucent was awarded $512 million, was excluded from this settlement agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="9709723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709723" title="Savage Model 110">
Savage Model 110

The Savage Model 110 is a repeating bolt-action rifle that was developed by Savage Arms of Westfield, Massachusetts. The Model 110 was designed by Nicholas L. Brewer in 1958 and was patented posthumously in 1963. It has been in continuous production since that time, and with the closing of Winchester's New Haven, Connecticut, plant in 2007, the Model 110 has passed the Winchester Model 70 as the oldest continuously manufactured bolt-action rifle in America. The Model 110 has competed directly with other popular designs such as the Remington Model 700, Ruger M77, and Winchester Model 70. The Model 110 is known for its accuracy, reliability, and inexpensive price.
History.
The Model 110 was developed in order to provide the hunting market with a strong and powerful yet light and economical rifle. Its model number is derived from its initial retail price of $109.95. It was originally produced in .30-06 Springfield and .270 Winchester. In 1959 a short-action version was introduced, chambered in .243 Winchester and .308 Winchester and at that same time, the Model 110 was the first commercial bolt-action rifle to be offered with a left-handed bolt.
The Model 110 was significantly altered in 1966 in order to improve the design and reduce production costs. This included a new adjustable trigger and a new bolt including a plunger-type ejector passing through the bolt face rather than the magazine-mounted, spring-loaded ejector that was part of Brewer's original design. This new ejector allowed the use of a detachable box magazine, which was also introduced in 1966, along with a hinged floorplate model.
When Savage Arms filed for bankruptcy protection in 1988, the company cut its entire product line down to only the most basic Model 110 rifles. The design has since succeeded in bringing the company back to life as one of the top-selling bolt-action rifle makers in the United States.
In 1998, Savage re-engineered the short action Model 110 and adopted a new model numbering scheme to differentiate short action models from the long actions. Thus, the short action Model 110 became the Model 10, while the long action model remained the Model 110. The Model 110 is the basis for the entire line Savage centerfire bolt-action rifles, including the Models 11/111, 12, 14/114, 16/116, and Model 210 bolt-action shotgun as well as the Stevens Model 200. The series is available in a wide array of chamberings, from .204 Ruger to .338 Winchester Magnum, in order to suit the needs of almost any shooter.
Addressing concerns about what was considered by many to be a weak point of the design, Savage introduced the AccuTrigger for the 110 series in 2003. Those rifles equipped with an AccuTrigger are totally safe and adjustable by the end user through the turning of a single screw, offering a pull weight from one-and-a-half to six pounds. Target and select Varmint model rifles are adjustable down to six ounces.
Design.
The Model 110 was designed to be economical from the start. Thus, many smaller parts are made from investment castings and steel stampings. However, the action and barrel are made from forged steel bar stock.
The barrel is threaded into the receiver and fixed via a large locknut located just ahead of the receiver, with a recoil lug sandwiched between the two. This system allows barrels to be changed or headspace to be adjusted relatively easily, making for an extremely accurate yet inexpensive rifle.
The bolt is an easily-manufactured assembly, consisting of a tube with a rotating forward baffle and the bolt head (with locking lugs) at one end, a removable handle attached via a threaded bolt and a rotating rear baffle at the rear of the assembly.
A striker assembly is held within.
The receiver and bolt designs make the rifle relatively simple to produce with a left-handed bolt. So, it is popular among budget-minded southpaws.
The bolt head of the Model 110 is a "floating" design: A flat spring located behind the front baffle and bolt head assembly gives the assembly a small amount of free movement lateral to the bore axis. This motion assures that the locking lugs fully contact the receiver and so headspace is held to a minimum every time the bolt is locked. This feature is a major factor contributing to the accuracy of the rifle.
Also, the bolt head is a replaceable part. This means that if the user wishes to re-barrel the rifle for use with a different cartridge, the bolt head can be changed to a new case head diameter. This allows for a much wider range of cartridge interchangeability at less expense.
Each bolt head type includes a different means of cartridge ejection. The push-feed bolt heads utilize a plunger-type ejector mounted in the bolt face.
The controlled-round-feed bolt heads have a relief cut for a receiver-mounted, spring-loaded folding ejector to pass through as the bolt is retracted.
The safety is a three-position type, mounted in an ambidextrous position on the receiver tang, behind the bolt. The forward position is fire, the middle position locks the trigger while allowing the bolt to be opened and the rifle unloaded, and the rear position locks both the trigger and the bolt.
The bolt release lever is located on the right side of the action (on right-handed models) behind the ejection port. Pressing this lever down while pulling the unlocked bolt to the rear allows the bolt to be removed from the rifle for cleaning.
Variants.
There are many different models of the 110 series designed for different purposes. The basic 11/111 "Hunter" (blued carbon steel) models, 16/116 "Weather Warrior" (stainless steel) models, and 10/110FP "Law Enforcement" models include inexpensive wooden or synthetic stocks in order to keep costs down. While the stocks provided with these models are certainly functional, many users have noted a substantial improvement in accuracy after installing a higher quality stock. Other models, such as the 14/114 "Classic" and many of the 12 "Varmint" and 10FP "Law Enforcement" models are offered with high-quality stocks from the manufacturer.

</doc>
<doc id="9709732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709732" title="Speak (Hungarian rapper)">
Speak (Hungarian rapper)

Tamás Deák (born May 31, 1976,) better known by his stage name Speak, is a rap artist, model and actor based in Hungary. He gained considerable fame after the music video for his 2003 anti-war song, "Stop the War", became popularized through video sharing websites. Speak currently lives in London, England.
"Stop the War".
Speak is known primarily for his 2003 rap single "Stop the War". A video for this single appeared on YouTube, and featured other semi-famous musicians. Various commentators labeled the song as unintentional humor.
Notable Collaborations.
On 20 June 2012, Speak announced on his website that he would be supporting Australian rap duet Hilltop Hoods and DJ Debris on their upcoming UK tour.

</doc>
<doc id="9709747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709747" title="Deep column station">
Deep column station

The deep column station is a type of subway station, consisting of a central hall with two side halls, connected by ring-like passages between a row of columns. Depending on the type of station, the rings transmit load to the columns either by "wedged arches" or through purlins, forming a "column-purlin complex".
The fundamental advantage of the column station is the significantly greater connection between the halls, compared with a pylon station.
The first deep column station in the world is Mayakovskaya, opened in 1938 in Moscow.
Column-wall station.
One variety of column station is the "column-wall station". In such stations, some of the spaces between the columns are replaced with walls. In this way, the resistance to earth pressure is improved in difficult ground environments. Examples of such stations in Moscow are Krestyanskaya Zastava and Dubrovka. In Saint Petersburg, Komendantsky Prospekt is an example.

</doc>
<doc id="9709751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709751" title="Sir Charles Asgill, 2nd Baronet">
Sir Charles Asgill, 2nd Baronet

Sir Charles Asgill, 2nd Baronet GCH (6 April 1762 – 23 July 1823) was a career soldier in the British Army. Asgill enjoyed a long military career, eventually rising to the rank of General. He is best remembered as the principal of the so-called "Asgill Affair" of 1782, in which his retaliatory execution while a prisoner of war was commuted by the American forces which held him due to the direct intervention of the government of France.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Charles Asgill was born in London on 6 April 1762, the only son of one-time Lord Mayor of London Sir Charles Asgill and Sarah Theresa Pratviel. Father and son were both educated at Westminster School, London. The younger Asgill went on to study at Göttingen University, Germany, from where, upon leaving, he wrote in a friend's autograph book "An Honest Man is the noblest work of God. yours sincerely, Charles Asgill, Göttingen April the 4th 1778."
https://secure.flickr.com/photos/63794459@N07/6730709903/in/photostream/
The son Charles entered the army on 27 February 1778, just prior to his 16th birthday, as an ensign in the 1st Foot Guards, a regiment today known as the Grenadier Guards. Asgill was promoted to the rank of Captain while just 18 years old, receiving his commission on 3 February 1781. Shortly after his promotion, Asgill was ordered to America to fight the rebellious colonists who were embroiled in what is today remembered as the American Revolutionary War.
Captain Asgill fought in the army under General Charles Cornwallis but fell into the hands of the Americans as a prisoner of war following the capitulation of Lord Cornwallis following the siege of Yorktown, Virginia, in October 1781.
"The Asgill Affair".
In April 1782 a Captain of the Monmouth Militia and privateer named Joshua Huddy was overwhelmed and captured by Loyalist forces at the blockhouse (small fort) he commanded at the village of Toms River, New Jersey. Huddy was accused of complicity in the death of a Loyalist farmer named Philip White who had died in Patriot custody. Huddy was conveyed to New York City, then under British control, where he was summarily sentenced to be executed by William Franklin, the Loyalist son of Benjamin Franklin.
Huddy was held in leg irons aboard a prison ship until 12 April 1782, when he was taken ashore and hanged, after first being allowed to dictate his last will. Loyalists pinned a note to his chest reading "Up Goes Huddy for Philip White" and his body was left hanging overnight. Following his burial by Patriotic supporters, a petition was collected demanding retribution for Huddy's death and presented to American commander General George Washington.
Washington responded to this pressure by declaring that a British Captain would be executed in retaliation for the killing of Huddy. On 26 May 1782 lots were drawn and Asgill drew the short straw.
His mother, the doughty Sarah Asgill (of French Huguenot origin), wrote to the French Court pleading for her son’s life to be spared. The King, Louis XVI, and Queen of France, Marie Antoinette, ordered the Comte de Vergennes, the Foreign Minister, to convey to General Washington their desire that a young life be spared.
Since Asgill was protected by the 14th Article of Capitulation in the document of Cornwallis' surrender, safeguarding prisoners of war, such an unjustified execution would have reflected badly on the newly emerging independent nation of America. Congress agreed and young Asgill returned to England a free man in December 1782. A year later, together with his mother (who had been too ill to travel sooner), and sisters, he went to France to give thanks to the King and Queen for saving his life. The visit commenced on 3 November 1783. Asgill writes about this experience in his Service Records, where he states:
"The unfortunate Lot fell on me and I was in consequence conveyed to the Jerseys where I remained in Prison enduring peculiar Hardships for Six Months until released by an Act of Congress at the intercession of the Court of France."
Following Asgill's return to England lurid accounts of his experiences whilst a prisoner began to emerge in the coffee houses and press. French plays were also written, trivialising his plight to the point of reducing it to a soap opera. Washington became increasingly angry that the young man did not deny these rumours, and nor did he write to thank Washington for his release on parole. Speculation mounted as to his reasons and eventually Washington could take no more of it and ordered that his correspondence on the Asgill Affair be made public. His letters on the matter were printed in The New-Haven Gazette, and the Connecticut Magazine (Vol. I.) Thursday, 16 November, M.DCC.LXXXVI (No. 40.) "NON SIBI SED TOTO GENITOS SE CREDERE MUNDO". NEW-HAVEN: Printed and Published by MEIGS & DANA in Chapel-Street. Price Nine Shillings per Annum. The Conduct of GENERAL WASHINGTON, respecting the Confinement of Capt. Asgill, placed in its true Point of Light.
It was five weeks before Charles Asgill was able to obtain a copy and sit down to read the account of his experiences, as recorded by George Washington. His anger at what he read and the accusations hurled his way regarding his lack of manners in failing to write a letter of thanks for his release meant that Asgill dropped everything and wrote an impassioned response by return of post. His letter was sent to the Editor of the New-Haven Gazette, and the Connecticut Magazine, dated 20 December 1786, but his haste was such that he erroneously referred to the Washington correspondence as having appeared in the August edition when, in fact, it appeared in the 16 November edition.
Asgill's 18-page letter of 20 December 1786, including claims that he was treated like a circus animal, with drunken revellers paying good money to enter his cell and taunt or beat him, was never published. Left for dead after one particular attack he was subsequently permitted to keep a Newfoundland dog to protect him.
"I leave for the public to decide how far the treatment I have related deserved acknowledgements … my judgement told me I could not with sincerity return thanks my feelings would not allow me to give vent to."
These facts were recorded in "The Reading Mercury" (a British local newspaper) on 30 December 1782 pointing out that Asgill (newly returned home following imprisonment in America) was at the levee for the first time since his arrival in town. The report stated that his legs were still swollen from the chains which had ensured he did not escape his captors and that he had been savagely beaten by his gaoler when complaining that his servant had been badly treated. Even in times of peril for his life, awaiting death at the gallows, he still managed a caring thought for others. These are the facts which General Washington denies - in his contention that Asgill was, at all times, well treated.
Asgill also claimed to have been denied letters from his family.
Subsequent career.
Asgill was appointed Equerry to Frederick, Duke of York in 1788. In that same year he inherited the Asgill Baronetcy upon the death of his father. In August 1790 he married Jemima Sophia Ogle, daughter of Admiral Sir Chaloner Ogle, at Martyr Worthy, Hampshire. Asgill went to the Continent and joined the Army under the command of The Duke of York in 1794-1795, served the Campaign and was present at the whole of the Retreat through Holland. In June 1797 he was promoted Brigadier General in the 1st Foot Guards and was appointed to the Staff of Ireland.
In his Service Records he states:
"was very actively employed against the Rebels during the Rebellion in 1798 and received the repeated thanks of the Commander of the Forces and the Government for my Conduct and Service."
General Sir Charles Asgill marched from Kilkenny and attacked and dispersed the rebels. The Irish song, "Sliabh na mban", remembers this. He remained on the Irish Staff until February 1802 when in consequence of the Peace he was removed and returned to England.
On 18 March 1803, and by now a Major General, Asgill writes:
"I was reappointed to the Staff of Ireland, and placed in the Command of the Eastern District, in which the Garrison of Dublin is included; I was in Command during the Rebellion which broke out in the City in July 1803.
In August 1805 I had the command of a very large Camp which was formed at the Curragh of Kildare; and since that period have continued in the same Command in the Eastern District:- Whenever any Armament or Expedition was preparing I always offered my Services to the Commander in Chief and should have been highly gratified had they been accepted. From the nature of my Command in Dublin (where there is always a considerable Garrison) I have been much in the Habit of strict Exercise of Weapons, and in respect to my competency it is for the General Officers to decide, under whose command I have had the honor of Serving."
Asgill was appointed Colonel of the 2nd Battalion 46th Regiment of Foot (South Devonshire Regiment) on 9 May 1800. In 1802 the 2nd Battalion 46th Regiment of Foot was disbanded and Sir Charles went onto half-pay as the Colonel of a disbanded battalion. Promoted to Lieutenant General in January 1805, he was appointed Colonel of the 5th West India Regiment on 10 February 1806; Colonel of the 85th Regiment of Foot on 30 October 1806 and Colonel of the 11th Regiment of Foot on 25 February 1807. He was promoted to full General on 4 June 1814.
Charles Asgill died in London. He was buried in the vault at St James's Church, Piccadilly on 1 August 1823. His wife, Sophia Asgill, predeceased him in 1819 and she too was buried in the vault at St. James’s. St. James's Church Piccadilly was damaged in the Blitz of London in 1940. After WWII ended, specialist contractors, Rattee and Kett Ltd, of Cambridge, under the supervision of Messrs. W.F. Heslop and F. Brigmore, undertook restoration work which was completed in 1954. Two former employees, who were involved with the restoration work, remembered temporarily removing coffins from the vault prior to repairing the church's damaged floor and installing under-floor-heating. They stated, in 2003, that the Church has a vault, and that coffins were returned there after the restoration.
Curiously, when monumental inscriptions were drawn up in the mid-19th Century, and again in the early 20th Century (prior to the bomb damage to the church) no monumental inscriptions have been recorded for either Charles or Sophia Asgill. It would seem, therefore, that the General did not place a memorial to his wife, and nor did the Asgill family place one for him after his death. This is strange since Charles Asgill was one of the notable men of his age. He loved his wife, referring to her as "my beloved wife" in his will, in spite of the fact that history has recorded her as a woman of great beauty, a flirt, and enjoying the company of other men, notably Thomas Graham, 1st Baron Lynedoch with whom she shared a lifetime of secret correspondence.
The character, "Lady Olivia" in Leonora (Maria Edgeworth) was rumoured to be based on Lady Asgill, thereby portraying her as a "coquette"! Rumours circulated thus: “Lady Olivia in ‘ Leonora ‘ is now supposed by all Dublin to be a portrait of Lady Asgill”. The following letter sheds light on Sophia: Maria Edgeworth’s letter to her aunt Mrs. C. Sneyd at Byrkley Lodge, Lichfield, dated 3 December 1809. To my dear Aunt Charlotte, ...She Whyte told us a great many good anecdotes of Lady Asgill - of whom she has seen a great deal, and it was for some time difficult for us to determine whether she was her friend or her enemy but at last this point was determined by her account of a battle royal between these two belles at Miss Whyte’s own table lately in Dublin. Lady Asgill began the attack thus “ Miss Whyte do you know the good people of Dublin are beginning to abuse you quite as much as they abuse me”. “Oh no, I hope not quite so bad as that” – quoth Miss W. “Why though they abuse me, I’m certainly very popular” reasoned Lady A – “for if I invite 60 people to my dinners or my concerts not one of the 60 send an excuse. They all come to my parties”. “Oh that is no proof of popularity” replied Miss W “for your ladyship knows that if one came down from the gibbet and gave good dinners and good music they might be sure of having everybody at their parties.” The conversation went on from popularity to notoriety - then the word famous was brought in by some of the company and a Mrs Parkhurst (the English lady who brought in the message about comedy from Sheridan) brought in the word infamous. I don’t exactly know how but Lady Asgill, who has, it is said, infinite command of temper, coolly in her high keyed voice "Does Mrs Parkhurst mean to say that Miss Whyte and I are infamous?".
Upon his death the Asgill Baronetcy became extinct. Most biographies claim he died without issue (excepting "A New Biographical Dictionary of 3000 Cotemporary (sic) Public Characters", Second Edition, Vol I, Part I, printed for Geo. B. Whittacker, Ave-Maria Lane, 1825 which states Sophia bore him children). This book of 1825 would probably have been collated and prepared for printing during Asgill’s lifetime as his entry is written in the present tense.
John Asgill.
John Asgill, 1659–1738, (known as "Translated" Asgill) was a relative cousin, five times removed, both being descendants of Joshua Asgyll MA, DD, born 1585. He maintained that: "according to the covenant of eternal life, revealed in the Scriptures, man may be translated from hence, without passing through death, although the human nature of Christ himself could not be thus translated, till he had passed through death."
Images.
Images of General Sir Charles Asgill may be found at the following locations.
1784 engraving.
It is clear that the original engraving is the French version, published in 1784 signed “de Loraine del./Chevillet sculp.” The English book plate was obviously engraved after it. Chevillet is a well-known engraver; “de Loraine” is no doubt a misspelling of de Lorraine, and probably refers either to August de Lorraine or his son Jean-Baptiste de Lorraine (1737–), both active (but obscure) engravers in Paris in the 1770s. It is possible that de Lorraine made his drawing (which Chevillet engraved) from yet another image, but unlikely that that will ever turn up. Curiously, Asgill sports a gold epaulette on his left shoulder. A battalion company officer in the Foot Guards would have worn a single epaulette on his right shoulder but engravers usually reversed the images, and while they sometimes remembered, e.g., to move a cockade, they could easily have forgotten the epaulette, since in French uniforms single epaulettes were usually on the left shoulder.
Page 355 from the Inventaire du Fonds Français describes the print, engraved by Chevillet after de Loraine.
A copy of an illustration in John Andrews’ book, "History of the War with America, France, Spain, and Holland: Commencing in 1775 and Ending in 1783", 4 vols. (London: J. Fielding, 1785–86) is held at the New York Public Library. The uniform collar and lapels are edged with gold lace, but the buttonholes on the facings are plain. His buttons are gilt. The collar buttons down over the top lapel button. It is not known if Asgill was assigned to the 1st Foot Guards grenadier company after his return to England. If he was, it seems odd that he is shown wearing a cocked hat rather than a bearskin cap. The temporary light infantry company that served with Brigade of Guards in the American War was dissolved after the cessation of hostilities. Thus either the artist took some liberties in depicting Asgill’s uniform, or the latter was a grenadier when he posed for his portrait.
Asgill also wears a white ruffled shirt, a black neckstock, and a white waistcoat. His black cocked hat is plain, except for a gilt button and gold lace loop securing the cockade on the left front. Asgill wears his hair en queue with side curls. The hair also looks like it could have been powdered.
1822 mezzotint.
This is a mezzotint by Charles Turner (engraver) after the original oil painted by Thomas Phillips RA, which was exhibited at the Royal Academy London, in 1822, the year before Asgill died.
"The mezzotint was published by Charles Turner himself and in the absence of any inscribed information to the contrary, one can only assume that it was issued for sale. The fact that the publication date of the engraving (26th April 1822) pre-dates the oil’s exhibition at that year’s Royal Academy Summer Exhibition suggests that Turner would have collaborated with Thomas Phillips in its issue, with both presumably anticipating a return on the proceeds from its sale."
Paul Cox, Assistant Curator (Archive & Library) National Portrait Gallery, London.
The National Army Museum, London, holds a copy of this image (1981-03-61 image number 73819). In his will, General Asgill left this portrait to his brother-in-law, Admiral Sir Charles Ogle. Asgill states in his will: “And I give to the said Sir Charles Ogle, 2nd Baronet, for his, my portrait painted by Phillips, and at his decease I give and bequeath the same portrait to his son Chaloner Ogle, requesting it may be preserved and retained in his family.” It thus seems clear that Asgill wanted the Ogle family to treasure his portrait and preserve it in perpetuity; however, the present location of this portrait is unknown.
Admiral Sir Charles Ogle disinherited his son, Chaloner Ogle, 3rd Baronet, so it is unclear what then happened to the portrait. It possibly went instead to his daughter, Sophia Ogle, who married her cousin the Rev. Edward Chaloner Ogle who succeeded to Kirkley Hall in 1853.
After Asgill died, Admiral Ogle wrote to the artist saying:
"Sir Charles Ogle requests Mr Philips will have the goodness to deliver the picture of the late Sir Charles Asgill to the bearer Mr Goslett - If Mr Philips has any demand on Sir Charles Asgill, he is requested to send it to Mr Domville. Fm C ...? ...? (illegible) 42 Berkeley Sq, Oct 23 1823."
Clearly the Admiral thought there was a possibility that the General had not paid Phillips for the portrait at the time of his death, and it would also seem likely that Asgill had not actually taken delivery of same.
Uniform of British Army in 1820.
The National Library of Ireland holds a William Sadler caricature depicting, amongst others, Sir Charles Asgill in the uniform of the Colonel of the 11th Foot Guards 

</doc>
<doc id="9709755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709755" title="List of Hungarian television series">
List of Hungarian television series

This page contains the three most popular Hungarian television channels and other stations.

</doc>
<doc id="9709782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709782" title="Gilbert de Stirling">
Gilbert de Stirling

Gilbert de Stirling was an early 13th-century bishop of Scotland. His background is unclear, perhaps coming from a burghess family of Stirling; he emerges in 1228 as the newly elected Bishop of Aberdeen, succeeding the recently deceased Adam de Kalder, after Matthew the Scot had turned down his own election in order to become Bishop of Dunkeld.
Most of the knowledge historians have about Bishop Gilbert's episcopate relates to various legal agreements made with other religious institutions, including confirmations of grants made to St Andrews Cathedral Priory and the "Céli Dé" of Monymusk, the latter made by Donnchadh, Earl of Mar. He also settled a dispute with the Bishop of Moray regarding certain rights in boundary churches.
He died at Aberdeen in 1239.

</doc>
<doc id="9709821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709821" title="Grasmere (lake)">
Grasmere (lake)

Grasmere is one of the smaller lakes of the English Lake District, in the county of Cumbria. It gives its name to the village of Grasmere, famously associated with the poet William Wordsworth, which lies immediately to the north of the lake. 
The lake is 1680 yd (1540 m) long and 700 yd (640 m) wide, covering an area of 0.24 mi² (0.62 km²). It has a maximum depth of 70 ft (21m) and an elevation above sea level of 208 ft (62 m). The lake is both fed and drained by the River Rothay, which flows through the village before entering the lake, and then exits downstream into nearby Rydal Water, beyond which it continues into Windermere.
The waters of the lake are leased by the Lowther Estate to the National Trust. The waters are navigable, with private boats allowed and rowing boats for hire, but powered boats are prohibited. The lake contains a single island, known as "The Island".
Etymology.
" 'The lake flanked by grass'; 'gres', 'mere'. Early spellings in 'Grys-', 'Gris(s)-' might suggest ON 'griss' 'young pig' as 1st el., but the weight of the evidence points to OE/ON 'gres' 'grass', with the modern form influenced by Standard English...The medial '-s(s)e-' may, as suggested by Ekwall in DEPN, point to ON 'gres-saer' 'grass-lake' as the original name...". Plus the element "'mere' OE, ModE 'lake, 'pool'".

</doc>
<doc id="9709836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709836" title="Monica Evans">
Monica Evans

Monica Evans (born 1940) is an English actress best known for her portrayal of Cecily Pigeon in Neil Simon's "The Odd Couple". She was in the original Broadway cast for its entire run, then appeared in the film version in 1968, and finally appeared in some episodes of the first season of the television series based on the play, all in the same role, alongside Carole Shelley as her sister Gwendolyn Pigeon. She also provided voices for the Disney animated films "The Aristocats", as Abigail Gabble (the Goose) (alongside Shelley as Amelia Gabble) and "Robin Hood" (1973) as Maid Marian (again alongside Shelley as her handmaiden, Lady Cluck).
Evans trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in the 1950s and was the stand-in for Joan Plowright in "Rhinoceros". She took over the role from Joan Plowright when Plowright's's relationship with Laurence Olivier became public.
She was also one of the stars in a magazine soap opera called "Compact " and starred in "The Severed Head" in the West End. Evans was the maid of honor at Carole's wedding in 1967.
She moved to the USA for some years, and on her return to the UK married BBC Radio 1 DJ Dave Cash. Her brother-in-law is Charles Hayward, the drummer of This Heat.

</doc>
<doc id="9709866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709866" title="Izumi-Chūō Station (Osaka)">
Izumi-Chūō Station (Osaka)

Layout.
There is an island platform with two tracks on the first floor.

</doc>
<doc id="9709886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709886" title="Sweety Kapoor">
Sweety Kapoor

Sweety Kapoor was one of the people behind the legendary Anokha music night, hosted by Mercury Music Prize-winning artist Talvin Singh, that gave rise to what became known as 'The Asian Underground' movement, at London's Blue Note venue.
She was one of the first to introduce the scene into Bombay working alongside artists; State Of Bengal, Amar and Marque Gilmore. 
There are some references to her, writer Nick Cohen Dubbed her 'Queen of the Asian Underground {Yes We Have No...Adventures in Other England, Random House.
External links.
[http://www.mybindi.com/arts-entertainment/music/stateofbengal.cfm]
The invitation came from the enthusiastic and energetic Sweety Kapoor (Indian name, British accent). The event (``two nights of universal club culture") ...

</doc>
<doc id="9709902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709902" title="Norman Banks (broadcaster)">
Norman Banks (broadcaster)

Norman Tyrell Banks, MBE (12 October 1905 – 15 September 1985) was a pioneering radio broadcaster of Australian rules football in Melbourne for over 50 years from the 1930s. Banks is also famous as the founder of Carols by Candlelight. In later years, he was known for his strongly conservative viewpoint on talkback radio.
Early life.
Banks was born at Sandringham, Melbourne on 12 October 1905.
Banks studied for nine years for the Anglican priesthood, first at St Aidan's Theological College, Ballarat, and then at Ridley College, Melbourne.
At age 24, he decided he could not proceed as a priest, and went to work as a car salesman and married Lorna May Gilmore. He then had four children: John, Beverley, Felicity and Rodney.
Banks had an interest in public speaking, drama and the creative arts, and the emerging medium of radio soon provided an ideal opportunity to display those interests.
3KZ.
Norman Banks started at 3KZ on a salary of four pounds a week in December 1930, but within a month his instant success had seen his wages rise to eight pounds a week. Over the next 20 years, Banks was a leading figure in broadcasting in Melbourne, initiating programs such as "Voice of the Voyager, Voice of the People, Voice of the Business Girl, Voice of the Shopper, Husbands and Wives, Junior Information, Spelling Bee, Victoree Varieties, Myer Musicale" plus "OBs" (outside broadcasts) of football, tennis, athletics, swimming and other events.
Although not the first to broadcast VFL football (Melbourne's 3AR was broadcasting ex-Carlton player Rod McGregor's descriptions of play at least as early as 1927), Banks was certainly a pioneer of football radio broadcasts, often overcoming extraordinary working conditions. At Princes Park, Carlton in 1931 he broadcast his first football match standing on a ladder at the end of the dressing room. On another occasion at Princes Park he had the luxury of broadcasting from a hardwood plank protruding from a ladies toilet, with no protection from the weather. At Lakeside Oval he broadcast from an 18-metre steel tower.
One of Banks’ notable broadcasts was on VE Day 1945 to celebrate the end of World War II. Banks broadcast continuously from the Manchester Unity building, opposite the Melbourne Town Hall at the corner of Swanston and Collins Streets.
Carols by Candlelight.
On Christmas Eve 1937 Banks saw a woman listening to carols alone by the light of a candle. The image prompted him to try to organise a community event to overcome what to many people was a lonely time of the year. With much effort Banks overcame sceptics and difficulties to stage the first Carols by Candlelight in 1938. On that first night 10,000 people gathered at midnight in the Alexandra Gardens to sing carols with a 30 strong choir, two soloists and the Metropolitan Fire Brigade Band.
Since then the event has grown dramatically to become a tradition the world over and is often a fund raiser for charitable purposes. In Melbourne it is a fundraiser for Vision Australia.
Move to 3AW.
Banks applied to 3KZ management in 1952 to be allowed leave to attend the
Helsinki Olympics. Banks told the station boss that if he was not allowed to go then he would resign. His resignation was accepted on the spot.
Within a matter of days he had signed with the rival station 3AW at about double the salary he was getting at 3KZ—what was described as a "five-figure sum". And he was allowed to go to the Helsinki Olympic Games (indeed he published his notes as "The world in my diary; from Melbourne to Helsinki for the Olympic Games" in 1953).
At 3AW he covered the Olympics, football, current affairs, outside broadcasts around Melbourne and in-studio programs as well. He became effectively the station's News Editor for a time. He was an agile broadcaster, with a fast-thinking brain to boot. He worked at 3AW until 1978, a 26-year career.
Although Barry Jones was actually the first to talk to people live on air in Australia, Banks pioneered talk back radio in 1960.
Banks became well known on radio in the 1960s and 1970s for his strongly conservative viewpoint, including a strident defence of apartheid in South Africa, and the monarchy. He was also accused of anti-Semitism. These views were often played out on air in debate with the radical journalist Claudia Wright or the broadcaster Ormsby Wilkins, who called him "a sanctimonious old hypocrite". Furthermore, despite his moral conservatism and appeal to the traditional Anglo middle class, his own personal relationships were subject to press speculation. Nevertheless, he had a very large radio following.
An accident at the football, followed by another in the 3AW corridors, severely reduced his vision (bringing to an end his legendary football descriptions); his vision was so impaired that he qualified for the Australian Government's free of income and assets test Blind Pension. His final on-air words were "the humble people, the little people . . . for your trust, loyalty and support".
Honours.
Banks was made an MBE for his services to broadcasting.
He was inducted to the Melbourne Cricket Ground's "Rogues Gallery" in 1998, with his citation reading—
In 1996 Banks was an inaugural inductee into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in the Media category. His citation read—

</doc>
<doc id="9709910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709910" title="Sadie (band)">
Sadie (band)

Sadie is a visual kei rock band from Japan, formed in 2005. Sadie is signed to Face Music and Mijinko Records.
Biography.
Sadie was founded by Mao, Tsurugi, Aki, Mizuki and Sora in February 2005, and comes from the English word "sad", according to vocalist, Mao. Sora departed in January 2006 for "artistic differences", and in March, Kei joined the band to replace Sora.
Their first live appearance was on March 18, 2005 at Osaka Big Cat, when they were the opening act for D, Fatima, Doremidan, shulla, Kra and others.
On July 27, 2005 Sadie released their first maxi single, "Kokui no Shita no Yokubou to, Kunou no Hate ni Mita Hyakkei no Yuritachi", limited to 2000 copies that sold out rapidly.
On December 3, Sadie had their first oneman called "Dekiai ~ As a Sad Matter of Fact ~" in the Osaka Muse Hall in front of 250 people, introducing their new single "Dekiai", which came out a few days later and the single "Oboreru Sakana", exclusive for visitors of their concert.
After Sora left the group in January, Sadie were featured on an Omnibus compilation CD called "sawayaka sankumi" with the song "meisai". This CD was limited to 777 copies and came with only 3 tracks, one by Sadie, one by Billy and one by The Pumpkin Head.
In March, shortly after the announcement of their first EP "The Trend Killer", Kei replaced Sora as the group's drummer.
On April 19 and 26, Sadie were guests at Shoji Noriko's internet TV show "shigoto mo rock mo hard ga saikou!!".
At Sadie's oneman on May 6, three days after the release of "The Trend Killer", the visitors got the chance to receive the second unofficial single "sayonara no hate".
In the following period, Sadie continued to release new material; two more EPs, two more singles and also two live DVDs.
In June 2008, Sadie's first studio album was released, "Undead 13+2". It contained re-recordings of old, unobtainable Sadie songs. A DVD with music videos came with the limited edition.
It was also announced that another single will be released in July, named "Grieving the Dead Soul".
In 2009, Sadie went on a three-man tour with heidi. and lynch.. In February 2009, Sadie released their 5th and first full length album "Master of Romance"; containing 4 songs previous recorded within the following year.
In July, they were invited to AM² Convention at Anaheim, California along with heidi. on July 1–3, 2011.
They covered hide's song "Pink Spider" for the "Tribute II -Visual Spirits-" tribute album, released on July 3, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9709911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709911" title="Simon Downer">
Simon Downer

Simon Downer (born 19 October 1981 in Romford, England) is an English footballer who currently plays for Sutton United.
Club career.
Downer's previous clubs include Leyton Orient, Aldershot Town (loan), Weymouth, Grays Athletic, Wivenhoe Town, Rushden and Diamonds and Sutton United. He plays in the centre-back or right-back position.
Having played for the West Ham youth academy, Downer, who at the time was playing for Leyton Orient, went on trial with Newcastle United. However, Bobby Robson decided against signing the 19-year-old Downer, as he had a recurring problem with his left knee that needed an operation. This has hampered his career and he, at one point, retired from football. In between his 'retirement', Downer worked as a bricklayer.
On 26 May 2009, Downer signed a one year contract to remain at Rushden & Diamonds for the duration of the 2009–10 season. During the close-season after, he decided not to renew his contract offered and signed with Sutton United, with whom he won the Isthmian League Premier Division at the end of the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9709919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709919" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Texas">
List of law enforcement agencies in Texas

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the U.S. state of Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="9709940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709940" title="Rydal Hall">
Rydal Hall

Rydal Hall is a Grade II* listed house on the outskirts of the village of Rydal, Cumbria in the Lake District, England. It has an early nineteenth-century front facade, but includes some earlier fabric.
It used to be owned by the Le Fleming family, but now is under the ownership of the Diocese of Carlisle. 
The house is now used for retreats, conferences, courses and holidays in a beautiful situation near Rydal Water.
Rydal Hall is home to Fullcircle Luxury Lake District Yurts. There is also the Old School Room Tea Shop, located on the "Coffin Route" footpath, which leads to Grasmere.
Gardens.
The gardens are open to the public. They are included in the English Heritage Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest.
In the mid-17th century, Sir Daniel Fleming (1633–1701) developed the landscape as an early Picturesque garden incorporating Rydal Beck and its natural waterfalls. 'The Grot' (a summerhouse designed for viewing a waterfall) became a major attraction for a succession of visiting artists and writers in the 18th and 19th century.
The formal gardens in front of the house were designed in 1909 by the garden designer and landscape architect Thomas Hayton Mawson (1861–1933). Mawson's terraces, which are in Italian style, are listed structures.
These formal gardens were restored in 2005-7 by Tom Attwood. A community vegetable garden was created at the same time.
The gardens and Wordsworth.
"The Grot" at Rydal Falls is described in William Wordsworth’s early poem, ‘An Evening Walk’, published in 1793. 
The poet moved to Rydal Mount, near Rydal Hall, in 1813 and it remained his home to his death in 1850. Towards the end of the poet's life his nephew Christopher Wordsworth went with him to "The Grot". The following is a description of their walk together from Rydal Mount.
"“He accompanied me to the gate and then said if I had a few minutes longer to spare he would like to show me the waterfall which was close by – the lower fall of Rydal. I gladly assented and he led the way across the grounds of Lady Fleming (Rydal Hall) which were opposite to his own to a small summer-house. The moment we opened the door the waterfall was before us. The summer house being so placed as to occupy the exact spot from which it was to be seen. The rocks and shrubbery around closing it in on every side. The effect was magical. The view from the rustic house, the rocky basin into which the water fell and the deep shade in which the whole was enveloped, made it a lovely scene. Wordsworth seemed to have much pleasure in exhibiting this beautiful retreat.""
Rydal Hall participates annually in "Wordsworth's Daffodil Legacy", an initiative of the National Gardens Scheme, as does the National Trust property Dora's Field. This is a special opening to raise monies for charity: normally visitors are invited to make a donation to the upkeep of the gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="9709942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709942" title="Richard Kaschula">
Richard Kaschula

Richard Herbert Kaschula (born November 9, 1946) in was a Rhodesian cricketer, described by CricInfo's Martin Williamson as "a legendary character in Zimbabwe cricket". A slow left-arm orthodox bowler from Midlands, Rhodesia), Kaschula was a regular and "leading figure" in the Rhodesian side throughout the 1970s. 
Kaschula was South African Cricket Annual Cricketer of the Year for 1972, He took 196 first class wickets at 25.71, 120 of them for Rhodesia and 44 for the Zimbabwe national cricket team after the country became independent but prior to their ascension to Test status. After retiring he became a national selector. In 2006, following the government takeover of cricket administration, he was removed. His cousin, Nathaniel Kaschula, also played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="9709964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9709964" title="Gearhead (disambiguation)">
Gearhead (disambiguation)

Gearhead may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9710001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710001" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Utah">
List of law enforcement agencies in Utah

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="9710049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710049" title="Pogona minor">
Pogona minor

Pogona minor is a species of agamid lizard from a group commonly known as bearded dragons, and is found on the southwest coast and interior of Western Australia. This taxonomic name includes the widespread type known as western bearded dragon, "Pogona minor minor", and the subspecies, "Pogona minor minima", confined to the Wallabi Group of islands.
Description.
"Pogona minor minor" lizards are large, 38 cm in length (15 cm from snout to vent), "P. m. minima" is slightly smaller. All bearded dragons have a chameleon-like colour, either blending into their environments or presenting brighter displays during interaction with others. They are similar in appearance to "Pogona nullarbor" and "Caimanops amphiboluroides" (mulga dragon), but are distinguished by smaller heads, and the arrangement of spines on their undersides and necks. The western bearded dragon is widespread in Southwest Australia and central deserts; the range includes semiarid regions such as woodland or heathland, and arid desert or coastal dunes. This subspecies also occurs on Dirk Hartog Island.
"Pogona minor minima" is found on West, North, and East Wallabi Islands, Houtman Abrolhos.
These dragons display a behaviour common to other "Pogona" species, they will wave one of their fore legs to trigger a response from a potential rival or mate. Another typical behaviour is head-bobbing amongst males, perhaps related to dominance within their social order. They are often seen basking on fence posts.

</doc>
<doc id="9710069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710069" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Vermont">
List of law enforcement agencies in Vermont

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Vermont.

</doc>
<doc id="9710076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710076" title="Hikari Kiyama">
Hikari Kiyama

Brief biography.
Kiyama graduated from Joto Municipal High School in 2002, and from Tokyo College of Music in 2006. He has since studied at the Koninklijk Conservatorium in The Hague. His teachers have included Koujiba Tomiko, Minoru Miki, Beat Furrer, Joji Yuasa, Yoriaki Matsudaira, and Hosukawa Toshio. His work is challenging and discordant, with influences including Tan Dun, Iannis Xenakis, Brian Ferneyhough, and Louis Andriessen.
In 2002 Kiyama won the Tong Piano Duet Composition Contest, and his work was performed for the first time out of Japan (in Great Britain). He has also received awards and commendations in various other composition competitions in Japan, and has had work performed in the Tokyo Metropolitan Art Space.
A chamber work was featured in the Dutch Gaudeamus week music festival, being performed by the experimental ensemble LOOS September, 2006, and is scheduled for publication.
External links.
Gaudeamus music week
Heiderberg

</doc>
<doc id="9710089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710089" title="Cary Wolfe">
Cary Wolfe

Cary Wolfe currently teaches English at Rice University. He has written on a range of topics, from American poetry to bioethics. He has been a significant voice in recent debates in Animal Studies and advocates a version of the posthumanist position. He was born and grew up in North Carolina.
Education.
In 1984 Wolfe read Interdisciplinary Studies in English, Philosophy, and Comparative Literature at UNC Chapel Hill, where he received a B.A. with Highest Honors. He later received an M.A. from the Department of English at Chapel Hill in 1986. He received his Ph.D. from the Department of English, at Duke University in 1990.
Academic career.
Wolfe's first teaching position was as an Assistant Professor at the Indiana University, Bloomington, in 1990. He remained at Indiana until 1998, at which time he was Associate Professor of American Studies. Wolfe moved to the University at Albany, part of the State University of New York (SUNY) system as a Visiting Professor. At Albany, he later served as Director of Graduate Studies, Associate Chair, Department of English, 1998–1999, and was made a full Professor in 1999. In 2003, he was offered an endowed professorship at Rice University in Houston TX. He continues to teach at Rice and holds the Bruce and Elizabeth Dunlevie Professor, Department of English. Wolfe also directs a Center of Critical and Cultural Theory at Rice, 3CT.
Published Works.
Books.
The Limits of American Literary Ideology in Pound and Emerson, Cambridge Studies in American Literature and Culture, no. 69 (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1993).
Critical Environments: Postmodern Theory and the Pragmatics of the "Outside," Theory Out of Bounds Series, no. 13 (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1998).
Animal Rites: American Culture, the Discourse of Species, and the Posthumanist Theory (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2003). Nominated for the James Russell Lowell Prize, Modern Language Association, 2004.
What is Posthumanism? (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2010)
Before the Law: Humans and Other Animals in a Biopolitical Frame (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 2012)
Edited collections.
The Politics of Systems and Environments I and II, special issues of Cultural Critique 30 and 31 (Spring and Fall 1995), ed., with William Rasch (Oxford: Oxford University Press).
Observing Complexity: Systems Theory and Postmodernity (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2000) (rpt. of the above in modified form with new introduction).
Critical Ecologies, special issue of EBR: Electronic Book Review 4 (Winter 1997), ed., with Joseph Tabbi. Online. World Wide Web: http://www.altx.com/ebr.
The MSN issue: Music/Sound/Noise, special issue of EBR: Electronic Book Review, ed. with Joseph Tabbi and Mark Amerika. Online. World Wide Web: http://www.altx.com/ebr.
Zoontologies: The Question of the Animal (Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 2003).
The Other Emerson, ed. with Branka Arsic (New York: Fordham University Press, forthcoming 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9710091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710091" title="Loch Sport, Victoria">
Loch Sport, Victoria

Loch Sport is a beach tourist town in Central Gippsland, eastern Victoria, Australia. At the 2006 census it had a permanently resident population of 778, though the number swells to 4,000 during the Easter and Christmas holidays.
History.
Before European settlement, the area was used for hunting and fishing (men's work), and the collection of water yams and other vegetable food (women's work). Some of their descendants still live in regional townships. Aboriginal middens are still present.
In the 19th century British settlers cleared the land and began farming. Sandy soils dominate the flat scrubland, which is surrounded by brackish lakes on the north and Bass Strait on the south. Later in the 19th century Melburnians discovered the recreational potential of the lakes - fishing, swimming and boating - and by the beginning of the 20th century Loch Sport was accessible via a dirt track, with plots of land surveyed for the nascent township. With increasing use of private cars, more people bought property in the town which, in 1980, was one of the last Victorian towns to receive electricity.
Facilities.
Loch Sport has a primary school, a bowls and tennis club, a caravan park, a motel, a pub and two local stores. Golfers play at the course of the Loch Sport Golf Club on Spermwhale Head Road.
Environment.
Next to the township lies the 2390 ha Lakes National Park which supports populations of kangaroos, echidnas, koalas, emus and many other birds, and a wide variety of wildflowers. It is also known for its large salt marsh mosquitos.

</doc>
<doc id="9710095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710095" title="Ozias Bvute">
Ozias Bvute

Ozias Bvute is the managing director and chief executive of Zimbabwe Cricket. 
He replaced Vincent Hogg as chief executive in 2005. Hogg’s departure came against the background of the player standoffs, with the senior and mostly white players taking the board to task over issues of administration.
Joining the organization at a tumultuous time, Bvute’s overriding mandate would be to integrate cricket into a truly national sport. He was Chairman of the Integration Task Force that was set up in 2001 to develop a comprehensive plan that ensures full and equitable nationwide integration of Zimbabwean cricket in the shortest possible time with the least possible reduction in individual and team performance.
Many of the measures taken by the integration committee were misunderstood to be the introduction of a quota system and culminated in 15 players resigning from the national team saying that the selection process was unfair. 
Despite this disruption, under Bvute, Zimbabwe continued to field a national team and fulfill its International Cricket Council obligations as one of the 10 full members of the organization.
In 2006, together with Peter Chingoka, the Chairman of Zimbabwe Cricket, Bvute lobbied for the voluntary temporary withdrawal of Zimbabwe from playing Test cricket. Until such a time as the senior players had gained enough experience in playing the longer version, the senior men's team would concentrate on fulfilling its ODI obligations under the ICC Future Tours Programme. 
Today, Bvute is spearheading the implementation of franchise cricket in Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="9710098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710098" title="Mahjong (1996 film)">
Mahjong (1996 film)

Mahjong () is a 1996 Taiwanese comedy film written and directed by Edward Yang. The film stars Chang Chen, Nick Erickson and Virginie Ledoyen. The film was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival where it won an Honourable Mention.

</doc>
<doc id="9710125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710125" title="Mooroolbark Soccer Club">
Mooroolbark Soccer Club

Mooroolbark Soccer Club is an Australian soccer club based in Mooroolbark, an outer eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. The club currently plays in Victorian State League 3 South-East.
History.
Originally founded by two Dutch men, They formed a Dutch team with the name Mooroolbark United Soccer Club in 1962, Mooroolbark's backing changed to a British influenced club in its formative years. In 1978 the United tagline was dropped from the name.
The Early Years 1964-1969.
The club's first full season in the Victorian Metropolitan League 4th Division saw it finish 9th. The following years would see the club improve its season finishes, finishing 7th (1965), 6th (1966), 5th (1967), 3rd (1968 before winning the Victorian Metropolitan League 4th Division title in 1969. This was a great year for the club as it secured both the Seniors and Reserves title and was the beginning of a huge rise up the footballing ranks.
Promotion Through 5 Divisions In 7 Years 1970-1977.
1970 saw the club play in the Victorian Metropolitan League 3rd Division, winning both the Seniors and Reserves titles and securing promotion to the Victorian Metropolitan League 2nd Division at its first attempt. The club finished Runners Up in 1971 to Green Gully Ajax and in 1972 finished 8th in its first season in the Victorian Metropolitan League 1st Division. It only took one more year for the club to win the Victorian Metropolitan League 1st Division title, upon doing so earning promotion to Victoria's highest League at the time - the Victorian State League.
The club's first season at this level was poor, winning 5 and drawing 7 of its 22 matches and finishing 11th however avoiding relegation. 1975 was a better season with the club finishing on the same points as 2nd-placed South Melbourne Hellas. 1976 was also a strong year for the club, again finishing 3rd in the Victorian State League behind South Melbourne (1st) and Footscray JUST (2nd).
Rise To The NSL 1977.
The club's claim to fame is as Victoria's (and Australia's) first national sporting club side. Mooroolbark enabled the National Soccer League to proceed, breaking the deadlock which was then in force between the budding National League and clubs from Victoria, whom the Victorian Soccer Federation had forbidden to join the competition. When Mooroolbark joined the NSL, officially as its first entrant, soon three other Victorian clubs, South Melbourne, Heidelberg United and Footscray JUST also joined, enabling the competition to go ahead.
Mooroolbark's stay in the NSL however, was short-lived. It finished in last place, and was demoted back to the Victorian Leagues, but not to the Victorian State League, which it had been a member of from 1974–76, but to the equivalent of a 3rd Division. As part of the requirements for all Victorian NSL clubs in 1977, they had to field a reserve side in the Victorian 2nd Division. Mooroolbark finished in a relegation spot and upon their return to Victorian competition the Victorian Soccer Federation saw fit that Mooroolbark should commence 1978 in the Victorian Metropolitan League 3rd Division (today's Victorian State League 3rd Division).
Slide To The Provisional Leagues 1978-1981.
Three relegations in four years saw the club sink to the Provisional Leagues, finishing 10th in the Victorian Metropolitan League 3rd Division in 1978 and 12th in 1979 (earning relegation) and finishing 11th in the Victorian Metropolitan League 4th Division in 1980 (again earning relegation).
1981 was the first time in its history that Mooroolbark had visited the Provisional Leagues however it was only a one season stay as the club earned promotion back to the Victorian Metropolitan League 4th Division the following year.
Battle Back To The Premier League 1982-1991.
The next few years were a real battle for the club, however the hard work began to pay off. After spending the next four years in the Victorian Metropolitan League 4th Division (later re-structuring to become the Victorian Metropolitan League 3rd Division), the club ended up finishing 9th in both 1982 and 1983, 10th in 1984, 8th in 1985 before winning the Victorian Metropolitan League 3rd Division title with 17 wins and 6 draws from their 26 matches.
Their 1987 revisit to the Victorian Metropolitan League 2nd Division was a short one, gaining promotion that very year by finishing Runners Up to Westgate and missing the title by 1 point. The club's 1988 Victorian League 1st Division campaign was strong but missing out on promotion, finishing 3rd, however it was the club's title-winning 1989 Victorian League 1st Division season which saw the club back into the State's elite League - the Victorian State League.
The club's first foray in the Victorian State League for 14 years saw an average season, finishing mid-table with 13 wins, 7 draws and 14 losses from their 34 games. The 1991 season saw the Victorian State League renamed the Victorian Premier League however name-change or no name-change this would still see an end Mooroolbark's two year stint in Victoria's top League, finishing 12th and earning relegation back to the newly named Victorian State League 1st Division.
Slide To The Provisional Leagues: Part 2 1992-2001.
Mooroolbark's entry back into the Victorian State League 1st Division was short-lived, finishing 13th and earning relegation. The next 6 years would see Mooroolbark struggling in Victorian State League 2nd Division, finishing 12th in 1993, 11th in 1994, 10th in 1995, 13th in 1996, 6th in 1997 before a lowly 14th position in 1998 would see Mooroolbark slip further down the State Leagues ranks.
The club would only have a two season stay in the Victorian State League 3rd Division, finishing 10th in 1999 and 12th in 2000 (earning relegation). Each State & Provisional League would also now be split into two divisions based on geographical location: North-West and South East (i.e. Victorian Provisional 1st Division North-West and Victorian Provisional 1st Division South-East).
Down, But Not Without A Fight.
2001 would be only the 2nd year in the club's 39 year history that it would have played in the Provisional Leagues. The club finished 3rd in 2001, 3rd in 2002 and finally gained promotion back to the Victorian State 3rd Division South-East in 2003, finishing Runners Up to Chelsea Hajduk. 2004 would see the club finsish a respectable 5th whilst 2005 would see the club go oh-so-close to promotion back to the Victorian State 2nd Division South-East, but missed out finishing 3rd behind Waverley Wanderers (1st) and Clayton (2nd).
2006 would see the club finish 8th however it was 2007 when the club finished 12th which would see them back to the Victorian Provisional 1st Division South-East League.
The club's finishing positions over the last few years have been 8th (2008), 6th (2009), 6th (2010), 6th (2011) and 5th (2012), narrowly missing out on promotion by 2 points.
2013 was the club's breakthrough year, winning both the Senior Men's and Reserve Men's Championships. 2014 will see the Men's team competing in the Victorian State 2 South-East Division whilst the Women will compete in the Victorian State 2 South-East Division.

</doc>
<doc id="9710127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710127" title="Hilltop High School">
Hilltop High School

Hilltop Senior High is a four-year public high school located in Chula Vista, California and is part of the Sweetwater Union High School District (SUHSD). The school colors are kelly green, white, and black. The school mascot is the "Lancer". Hilltop boasts the magnet program Foreign Language and Global Studies (FLAGS) as well as the Academies of Hospitality and Tourism (H&T), Information Technology (IT) programs, Advancement Via Individual Determination (AVID), Music Technology, Televideo, and Ballet Folklorico.
For the 2007-2008 school year, former Montgomery Middle School principal Ernesto Zamudio took over as principal for Hilltop High School and replaced the retiring Jerry Rindone (video biography) who had served Hilltop since 1997. Rindone is currently serving as a member of the San Diego County Board of Education
Clubs and Associations.
Hilltop has many clubs and associations which include: Best Buddies, Girl's League, Humanities, MEChA, Gay-Straight Alliance, Metal (Music), Marine Science, Step (Dancing), iCrew, Italian, German, Spanish, Students Against Destructive Decisions (SADD), FIRST Robotics, Interact, Chips and Salsa, Chess and Cards, etc..
Hilltop High United With Uganda Club
Academics.
Hilltop is one of the successful schools in the Sweetwater District in its achievements in Academic League and Academic Decathlon competition, these teams are coached by 116 year-old John Nascimento (NAS). In 2000, Hilltop was the first school south of the Interstate 8 freeway to win the San Diego County Academic Decathlon. The Decathlon team won 3 straight county championships from 2000–2002 and won the county title again in 2009. The Academic League team won the county championship in 2000. 
Hilltop was named a California Distinguished School in 2005 and is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges (WASC).
In the 2006-2007 school year, the graduation rate was 93.3%.
Hilltop has the highest number of AP courses available to all students and the highest AP pass rate out of the entire SUHSD at 72.8%. Since the 1999-2000 school year, there has been a 25% increase in exams taken, a 7% increase in the overall pass rate, and a 30% increase in the total number of students testing.
Athletics.
Hilltop Senior High is a member of the CIF San Diego Section and the Metro Mesa League and competes in the following sports:
Fall: cross country, football, women's volleyball, water polo, women's tennis, women's golf, field hockey, colorguard
Winter: basketball, soccer, wrestling, cheerleading, winterguard
Spring: track and field, men's volleyball, lacrosse, softball, baseball, swimming and diving, men's tennis, men's golf, lacrosse
Bonita Vista High School, Chula Vista High School, Valhalla High School and Castle Park High School are rival schools. There is more information available at Hilltop Athletics Website
In the 2011 season, Hilltop's Winterguard team medaled silver in the WGASC Championships, promoting them from Regional A Division to Intermediate A Division (three ranks above their prior level), and again in 2014 to the Scholastic A Division.
Demographics.
In the 2005-2006 school year, the school's Academic Performance Index place it 698 (base) where 800 is the California state goal with a state rank 5 out of 10.
References.
Alexandra Carrillo: Model/Photographer

</doc>
<doc id="9710140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710140" title="Abbey Mills">
Abbey Mills

Abbey Mills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9710154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710154" title="Fleming baronets">
Fleming baronets

There have been three baronetcies created for persons with the surname Fleming, one in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia, one in the Baronetage of England and one in the Baronetage of Great Britain. As of 2008 one creation is extant, one extinct and one either extinct or dormant.
The Fleming Baronetcy, of Farme in Glasgow, was created in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia on 25 September 1661 for Archibald Fleming. The title became either extinct or dormant on the death of the seventh Baronet in 1764.
The Fleming Baronetcy, of Brompton Park in the County of Middlesex, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 22 April 1763 for John Fleming. The title became extinct on his death later the same year.
The Fleming, later le Fleming Baronetcy, of Rydal, was created in the Baronetage of England on 4 October 1705. For more information on this creation, see le Fleming baronets.

</doc>
<doc id="9710156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710156" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Virginia">
List of law enforcement agencies in Virginia

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9710168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710168" title="Bohtan">
Bohtan

Bohtan (also "Botan", "Bokhan", "Bokhti") also known as Cizre Botan ("Jazira Botan") was a medieval Kurdish principality in the Ottoman Empire centered on the town of Jazirah ibn 'Omar (modern Cizre) in southeastern Anatolia. Bohtanis were an ancient and prominent branch of the Kurds that claimed descent from Khalid ibn al-Walid. Yazidi became the official religion of Jazira in the 14th century.
History.
The Bokhtis are mentioned by Herodotus as inhabiting eastern Anatolia and forming thirteenth Achaemenid district, (together with Armenia).
Furthermore, Vladimir Minorsky connects Bukhtis with Haftanbokht, a Parthian ruler of Kermanshah region.
In the early 8th century Bukhtis and Bajnawi Kurds ruled the area surrounding Sinjar and Jazira mountains known under name "Zozan" by Arab geographers. Yaqoot Hamawi describes their residing area to be from Ikhlat to Salmas which included many strongholds belonging to Bokhtis; he also mentioned town of Jardhakil as their capital.
The emirate lost its independence and was directly governed by the Ottomans in 1847 following the massacres of Badr Khan.
Sub-groups.
The main branches of Bukhtis were Brasbi, Dasni and Sindi. According to Sharafkhan Bidlisi in his time some Bukhtis followed Yazidi faith, furthermore he states that previously Bukhtis were among the Kurdish groups who were fully Yazidi.

</doc>
<doc id="9710174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710174" title="Transportation geography">
Transportation geography

Transportation geography, also "transport geography", is a branch of Economic geography that particularly investigates the movement of and connections between things of interest to people: people themselves, vehicles, commodities, information. Transportation, or more basically, movement, is fundamental to the economic activity of exchange. At the most basic level, humans move and thus interact with each other by walking, but transportation geography typically studies more complex and regional or global systems of transportation that include multiple interconnected modes like public transit, personal cars, bicycles, freight railroads, the Internet, airplanes and more. 
Transport and Urban geography are closely intertwined. Cities are very much shaped, indeed created, by the types of exchange and interaction facilitated by movement. Increasingly since the 19th century, transportation has been seen as a way cities, countries or firms compete with each other in a variety of spaces and contexts.
Transportation geography measures the result of human activity between and within locations. It focuses on things such as travel time, routes chosen, modes of transport, cost and resource use. Other topics of interest include topography, safety of vehicles, and energy use within an individual's or group's journey.
The purpose of transportation is to move through space, which is shaped by both cultural and physical constraints such as distance, political boundaries, time, and topography.
Transportation modes.
In terms of transport modes, the primary forms are air, rail, road, and water. Each one has its own cost associated with speed of movement, as a result of friction and place of origin and destination. For moving large amounts of goods, ships are generally used. Maritime shipping is able to carry more at a cheaper price around the world. For moving people who prefer to minimize travel time, and maximize comfort and convenience, air and road are the most common modes in usage. A railroad is often used to transport goods in areas away from water.
" Transportation modes are an essential component of transport systems since they are the means by which mobility is supported. Geographers consider a wide range of modes that may be grouped into three broad categories based on the medium they exploit: land, water and air. Each mode has its own requirements and features, and is adapted to serve the specific demands of freight and passenger traffic. This gives rise to marked differences in the ways the modes are deployed and used in different parts of the world. Recently, there is a trend towards integrating the modes through intermodality and linking the modes ever more closely into production and distribution activities. At the same time; however, passenger and freight activity is becoming increasingly separated across most modes." 
Road transportation.
Road transportation networks are the type of transportation that is connected with movements on constructed roads; carrying people and goods from one place to another by means of lorries, cars, etc.
Maritime transportation.
Water transportation is the slowest form of transportation in the movement of goods and people.
Strategic chokepoints around the world have continued to play significant roles in maritime industry.
Problems with transportation geography.
Traffic and transportation on existing streets, highways, and rail facilities no longer match demands created by a recent population growth, and new location patterns of economic activity. Besides an increase in population, another problem is vehicles overloading the network of highways and arterial streets. See Traffic congestion, Transportation network, and Population densities

</doc>
<doc id="9710180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710180" title="Ron Feinberg">
Ron Feinberg

Ronald A. Feinberg (October 10, 1932 – January 29, 2005) was an American character actor and voice actor who appeared in films and on television. The towering Feinberg (6'8") can be seen playing the character Fellini opposite Don Johnson in the postapocalyptic film "A Boy and His Dog". Ron made a number of appearance on '. He also voiced King Caliphim, the Lord of the Dead, and Gruff in '. He was also the voice for 'Raiden' from one installment of "Mortal Kombat".
He appeared as the mentally incapable Benny Apa in the 1968 "Pray Love Remember, Pray Love Remember" episode of "Hawaii Five-O" where he was arrested for involuntary manslaughter of a college student. He also appeared in two other Hawai'i Five-0 episodes: Little Girl Blue and "No Bottles, No Cans, No People."
During the 1980s, he taught drama classes at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida. He also voiced Eeyore in "Winnie the Pooh Discovers the Seasons" in '81, memorable guest villain Titanus in three episodes of the 1994 season of "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", and the tuba in Disney's "Belle's Magical World" in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9710189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710189" title="Mark Ashley (musician)">
Mark Ashley (musician)

Mark Ashley is a German singer. He was born in 1973 in Apolda/Thuringia and currently lives in Bad Salzungen. He had always performed songs at Christmas for his parents, who were the first ones to notice his musical talent. Mark Ashley had already made several successful performances on radio and TV. The producer Steffen Ehrhardt discovered the singer, Mark Ashley, at the age of 13 in a German discothèque, where he sang songs of Modern Talking. 
His voice is almost identical to that of Thomas Anders, hence he mainly uses a similar style. All further productions are based on this. With his first single "Dream of Great Emotion", the singer jumped into the German airplay - charts at 9 and in the BVD charts at 19. Producer and Singer convinced the record company ZYX Records, label: Dance Street", to record further singles and albums. Many fans of Modern Talking and Eurodance music lovers are still loyal to Mark.
Management.
The management H.-P. is responsible for the distribution of the productions since 1998. It is domiciled in Bad Salzungen / Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9710195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710195" title="Deflexion (linguistics)">
Deflexion (linguistics)

Deflexion is a linguistic process related to inflectional languages. All members of the Indo-European language family belong to this kind of language and are subject to some degree of deflexional change. The process is typified by the degeneration of the inflectional structure of a language. This phenomenon has been especially strong in Western European languages, such as English, French, and others.
Deflexion typically involves the loss of some inflectional affixes, notably affecting word endings (markers) which indicate noun cases, verbal tenses and noun classes. This is part of a process of gradual decline of the inflectional morphemes, defined as atomic semantic units bound to abstract word units (lexemes). Complete loss of the original subset of affixes combined with a development towards allomorphy and new morphology is associated in particular with creolization, i.e. the formation of pidgins and creole languages.
Directly related to deflexion is the fact that the languages become less synthetic and more analytic in nature. However, the ways in which languages undergo deflexion and the results of these developments are by no means uniform. For example, the modern Romance languages all continue to feature a complex verb system, while having strongly deflected their nouns, adjectives, and pronouns. German, on the hand, has further simplified the already simple Germanic verb system (even radically so in some dialects), but has preserved the three genders and four cases of early Germanic languages.
Deflexion is a common feature of the history of many Indo-European languages. According to the Language Contact Hypothesis for Deflexion, supported by the comparison between Germanic languages, for instance, Icelandic and Afrikaans, this process is attributed to language contact. Specifically, the phenomenon occurs in the presence of large, influential groups of speakers that have acquired the leading idiom as a second language (L2 acquisition), thus by nature is limited to economical trade-offs widely considered as acceptable. Though gradual, English experienced a dramatic change from Old English being a moderately inflected language using a complex case system, to Modern English, considered a weakly inflected language or even analytic. Important deflexion changes first arrived in the English language with the North Sea Germanic (Ingvaeonic) shifts, shared by Frisian and Low German dialects, such as merging accusative and dative cases into an objective case. Viking invasions and the subsequent Norman conquest accelerated the process. The importance of deflexion in the formative stage of a language can be illustrated by modern Dutch, where deflexion accounts for the overwhelming majority of linguistic changes in the last thousand years or more. Afrikaans virtually originated from Dutch by deflexion.
According to the unidirectionality hypothesis, deflexion should be subject to a semantically driven one-way cline of grammaticality. However, exceptions to the gradual diachronic process have been observed where the deflexion process diminished or came to a halt, or where inflexional case marking was occasionally reinforced. There are also a few cases of reversed directionality, e.g. in the evolution of the common Romance inflected future and conditional (or "indicative future-of-the-past") from earlier periphrastic suppletive forms for the loss of the corresponding classical Latin tenses.

</doc>
<doc id="9710198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710198" title=".577">
.577

.577 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9710214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710214" title="Japan Association for the 2005 World Exposition">
Japan Association for the 2005 World Exposition

Japan Association for the 2005 World Exposition is the association which held Expo 2005 in Japan.
Outline.
The task of it will be succeeded by GISPRI from March, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9710240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710240" title="Nancy Maultsby">
Nancy Maultsby

Nancy Maultsby (Burlington, North Carolina) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano.

</doc>
<doc id="9710254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710254" title="Science festival">
Science festival

A science festival is a festival that showcases science and technology with the same freshness and flair that would be expected from an arts or music festival. Events can be varied, including lectures, exhibitions, workshops, live demonstrations of experiments, guided tours, and panel discussions. There may also be events linking science to the arts or history, such as plays, dramatised readings, and musical productions. The core content is that of science and technology, but the style comes from the world of the arts.
History.
The modern concept of a science festival comes from the city of Edinburgh in 1989. The choice of Glasgow as European Capital of Culture for 1990 took Edinburgh by surprise and stimulated it to rebrand itself as a city of science, building on the success of a series of big urban developments led by its Economic Development Department. A senior member of the development team, Ian Wall, proposed that Edinburgh should highlight its new image by complementing its world-famous autumn arts festival with a new type of spring event for which he coined the phrase 'science festival'. Reaction was mixed, with some organisations doubting whether science could be packaged in an arts format. Even so, the city put resources behind the idea, appointing a director and project team, and in April 1989 the first Edinburgh International Science Festival took place.
Edinburgh's success led to the development of science festivals in many other parts of the world. The British Science Association restructured its annual meeting, originally established in 1831 as a discussion forum for scientists, to turn it into the British Science Festival of today. The town of Cheltenham—famous for its jazz, music, and literature festivals— added science to its portfolio with the creation of the Cheltenham Science Festival in 2002.
As science organizations and funding bodies put ever more emphasis on outreach to foster public understanding both of the results and the wider relevance of science, recent years have seen the creation of a number of new science festivals. An umbrella organization for European science festivals and other science communication events, the European Science Events Association (EUSEA), was formed in 2001 and now has approximately 100 member organizations from 36 different countries.
The concept spread to Sweden in 1997 with the The International Science Festival in Gothenburg which is an annual festival in central Gothenburg, Sweden with thought provoking science activities for the public. The festival is visited by about each year. This makes it the largest popular science event in Sweden and one of the largest popular science events in Europe.
The spread of science festivals within the United States is relatively recent. One of the earliest examples is Wonderfest, an annual Bay Area science festival that began in 1998. Additionally, the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science includes a number of public events. Focusing on one particular science, the physics festival "Mastering the Mysteries of the Universe", was held in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1999 in association with the centennial of the American Physical Society.
Since 2004, there has been a science festival in Pittsburgh (the SciTech festival; from 2005 on known as the SciTech Spectacular), and new science festivals have been held in Cambridge, Massachusetts (the Cambridge Science Festival), first held in April 2007) and in New York City (the World Science Festival held at the end of May 2008) and in March 2009, San Diego hosted the first west coast science festival, the San Diego Science Festival founded by Larry Bock.
As of 2009 the Science Festival Alliance, a consortium of major festivals formed with a 3-year NSF grant, has supported the growth of independent regional science festivals, with an initial emphasis on celebration in communities throughout the US.
In September 2010, the North Carolina Science Festival became the first statewide science festival in the United States, presenting more than 400 events across the state over a two-week span. The second NC Science Festival was held April 13–29, 2012, and the festival is now an annual event. Morehead Planetarium and Science Center at UNC-Chapel Hill founded the North Carolina Science Festival and continues to administer it.
In late October 2010, the USA Science and Engineering Festival was the "country’s first national science festival." This national emphasis was based partly on encouraging local events to coincide with the major event in Washington DC.
Festivals can vary greatly in size and scope. A university might stage a small festival in its hometown. On the other end of the scale, the 2006 British Association Festival of Science held on September 2–9 in Norwich, England, was attended by more than 174,000 visitors.
Typical festival events.
Science festivals feature a wide variety of events. A typical format for a science festival is to have a series of lectures, with topics ranging from cutting-edge research to unusual perspectives on science. For instance, the 2007 Edinburgh festival 'Big Ideas' series includes talks on what makes racing cars fast, the molecular basis of food preparation, the neurobiology of love and beauty, and the properties of quarks. Most science festivals include hands-on activities similar to those found in science centers. Another popular theme is the interaction of science and culture.
Science festivals are also aimed at playing an important, if informal part in secondary science education. Many have events specifically aimed at students and/or teachers, such as workshops or offering curriculum-linked workshops, and science shows to regional schools throughout the year.
List of science festivals.
Festivals in Sweden
Festivals in the United Kingdom
Festivals in the United States

</doc>
<doc id="9710267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710267" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Washington">
List of law enforcement agencies in Washington

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="9710269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710269" title="Genshi">
Genshi

Genshi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9710298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710298" title="Ryōgo Narita">
Ryōgo Narita

Works.
Baccano!
Baccano is mostly set within a fictional United States during various time periods, most notably the Prohibition era. It focuses on various people, including alchemists, thieves, thugs, Mafiosi and Camorristi, who are unconnected to one another. After an immortality elixir is recreated in 1930 Manhattan, the characters begin to cross paths, setting off events that spiral further and further out of control. It is illustrated by Katsumi Enami.
Etsusa Bridge.
Set on a giant, almost finished bridge between Sadogashima and Niigata. Abandoned by the government, the bridge, and the giant man-made floating island at the center, has become a city of criminals and societal drop-outs. It is illustrated by Suzuhito Yasuda.
Durarara!!
Durarara!! tells the story of a dullahan working as an underworld courier in Ikebukuro, an internet-based anonymous gang called The Dollars, and the chaos that unfolds around the most dangerous people in Ikebukuro. It is illustrated by Suzuhito Yasuda.
Vamp!
Vamp! is a light novel series about rival vampire clans, a vampire princess, and the man who hunts them. It is illustrated by Katsumi Enami.
Hariyama-san.
Short stories linked only by Hariyama-san, who appears as a minor character in each. It is illustrated by Katsumi Enami and Suzuhito Yasuda.
Bleach: Spirits Are Forever With You.
A light novel based on the Weekly Shōnen Jump manga "Bleach".
Stealth Symphony.
A manga which follows the story of the main protagonist Jig Kumonuma, as he goes to the city of Jinbō-chō, a place where creatures of different species live, to remove a curse from his body. It is illustrated by Yōichi Amano.

</doc>
<doc id="9710306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710306" title="World War I medal abbreviations">
World War I medal abbreviations

When a World War I medal was issued, it was issued with a Service Number, Rank, Name and Regiment. This information should be on every medal that was issued during the First World War.
During World War I, there were four main medals issued, these were 1914 Star, 1914-15 Star, Victory Medal, British War Medal. Although these four were the main medals issued there were many other medals around in World War I.
Service Number.
From a service number it is sometimes possible to determine in which part of the army a medal holder served. However, this is not always the case; this does not apply to the Silver War Badge (SWB), which has its own code.
Prefix letters and numbers.
The following is an estimated list of all the Prefix Letter & Numbers.
Abbreviations for Rank and Unit.
There are many abbreviations for the rank and unit of a man. The National archive gives full listings of both Ranks and Units in which he might have served.
Medal Card Abbreviations.
Theatres Of War
Up to 31 December 1915 ---- From 1 January 1916
1...1 Western Europe
...a France and Belgium
...b Italy
2...2 Balkans
...a Greek Macedonia, Serbia, Bulgaria and European Turkey
...b Gallipoli (Dardanelles)
3...3 Russia (4–5 August 1914 to 1–2 July 1920)
4...4 Egypt
...a 4–5 November 1914 to 18–19 March 1916 
...b 18–19 March 1916 to 31 October - 1 November 1918
5...5 Africa
...a East Africa, Nyasaland and Northern Rhodesia 
...b South West Africa
...c Cameroon
...d Nigeria
...e Togoland
6...6 Asia
...a Hedjaz
...b Mesopotamia
...c Persia
...d Trans Caspia
...e South West Arabia
...f Aden
...g Frontier regions of India
...h Tsingtau
7...7 Australasia
...a New Britain
...b New Ireland
...c Kaiser Wilhelmland
...d Admiralty Islands
...e Nauru
...f German Samoa

</doc>
<doc id="9710307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710307" title="Sparse image">
Sparse image

A sparse image is a type of disk image file used on Mac OS X that grows in size as the user adds data to the image, taking up only as much disk space as stored in it. Encrypted sparse image files are used to secure a user's home directory by the FileVault feature in Mac OS X Snow Leopard and earlier. Sparse images can be created using Disk Utility.
Unlike a full image file (.dmg), which takes up as much actual space as the real disk it represents (regardless of the amount of unused space), a sparse image file (.sparseimage) takes up only as much actual disk space as the data contained within, up to a maximum of the capacity assigned during creating.
Limitations.
Two limitations are therefore worth noting regarding the use of this image file format:
Sparse bundle disk images.
Mac OS X Leopard introduced the concept of the "sparse bundle". Instead of a single big file, a sparse bundle is a bundle (directory) containing a number of files called "bands", each on the order of 8 MB in size. This means even though to the end user the sparse bundle appears as a single file, it is composed of smaller files. As of Mac OS X 10.8, the bands are 8 MiB () each. When the content of the image changes, one or more band files is changed, created, or deleted. This allows backup software (such as Time Machine) to operate more efficiently. You may use a tool such as rsync to keep your disk image(s) consistent across various systems.

</doc>
<doc id="9710318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710318" title="Hay fever in Japan">
Hay fever in Japan

Cause.
Hay fever was relatively uncommon in Japan until the early 1960s. Shortly after World War II, reforestation policies resulted in large forests of cryptomeria and Japanese cypress trees, which were an important resource for the construction industry. As these trees matured, they started to produce large amounts of pollen. Peak production of pollen occurs in trees of 30 years and older. As the Japanese economy developed in the 1970s and 1980s, cheaper imported building materials decreased the demand for cryptomeria and Japanese cypress materials. This resulted in increasing forest density and aging trees, further contributing to pollen production and thus, hay fever. In 1970, about 50% of cryptomeria were more than 10 years old, and just 25% were more than 20 years old. By 2000, almost 85% of cryptomeria were over 20 years old, and more than 60% of trees were over 30 years old. This cryptomeria aging trend has continued since then, and though cryptomeria forest acreage has hardly increased since 1980, pollen production has continued to increase. Furthermore, urbanization of land in Japan led to increasing coverage of soft soil and grass land by concrete and asphalt. Pollen settling on such hard surfaces can easily be swept up again by winds to recirculate and contribute to hay fever. As a result, approximately 25 million people (about 20% of the population) currently suffer from this type of seasonal hay fever in Japan.
In studies focused on atopic dermatitis (which can be caused or aggravated by hay fever or other allergies) it was found that exposure to microwave radiation from a cell phone can worsen existing allergies to house dust mite and cryptomeria pollen. In a randomized controlled trial, exposure to a cell phone that was actively transmitting increased allergen specific IgE production, whereas sham exposure did not.
Pollen season.
Cryptomeria pollen dispersal starts when average daily temperatures reach 10 degrees Celsius, partly depending on wind and terrain. Like the cherry blossom season, the pollen season moves from south to north across Japan, and from lower to higher elevations as spring progresses. For western and eastern Japan (including Tokyo and the surrounding Kantō region) this means the hay fever season starts between end of January and mid-February. The cryptomeria pollen season peaks in the second half of March - first half of April in these areas, then declining over the following six to eight weeks. Japanese cypress pollination lags cryptomeria by about a month. Some people are more sensitive to one of the two pollen types and therefore may experience allergic symptoms earlier or later than others.
Media information.
Japanese media track and report on the developing pollen season in ways similar to the prediction and tracking of the cherry blossom season. The Japan Weather Association (JWA) and Weathernews Japan particularly collect and provide detailed information on pollen counts in locations across Japan. Besides daily or even hourly information during the pollen season, JWA provides a long term forecast in the fall of the expected severity of the coming season. The amount of flowering and pollen production depends primarily on the weather during the preceding summer, with long hot summers resulting in higher pollen production the following spring. JWA issues this long-term prediction as an indication of the relative severity of the coming pollen season compared to the average of the preceding ten years.
Commercial response.
A sizable industry has developed in Japan around services and products that help people deal with hay fever, including protective wear such as coats with smooth surfaces, masks, and glasses; medication and remedies; household goods such as air-conditioner filters and fine window screens; and even "hay fever relief vacations" to low-pollen areas such as Okinawa and Hokkaido. Some people in Japan use medical laser therapy to desensitize the parts of their nose that are sensitive to pollen.
Government response.
As the impact of the allergy season on the population has mounted, the Japanese government has increasingly focused attention on the issue. In 1990, the Ministry of Agriculture started a series of annual Hay Fever Conferences to coordinate among government institutions involved. The Liberal Democratic Party (the governing party at the time) submitted a motion on Anti Allergy and Hay Fever Measures in 1995, greatly influenced by increasing lobbying. The government budget for addressing pollen allergies has greatly increased since then. The 2002 budget for hay fever issues was 7,372,000,000 yen, 27 times the amount of seven years earlier. Administrative measures include basic research, improved forecasting and the development of therapies, as well as research to develop low pollen producing cryptomeria and Japanese cypress varieties. However, devastation of the forestry industry and the diminishing number of forestry workers as result of cheap and high quality imports has made actual implementation of measures in forest plantations slow. In 2005, the Forestry Agency announced plans to plant 600,000 low pollen-producing cryptomeria trees over the following five years. Nonetheless, cryptomeria forests in Japan cover a total of 45,300 square kilometres so a meaningful migration to such varieties proves to be a considerable challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="9710324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710324" title="List of law enforcement agencies in West Virginia">
List of law enforcement agencies in West Virginia

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="9710325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710325" title="Bianca Ferguson">
Bianca Ferguson

Bianca Ferguson (born February 11, 1955) is an American actress from Gary, Indiana.
Ferguson is best known for playing Claudia Johnston Phillips on the soap opera "General Hospital" from 1978 to 1987. She was also married to the late former "Designing Women" actor, Meshach Taylor.

</doc>
<doc id="9710330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710330" title="List of Lucky Star albums">
List of Lucky Star albums

This article lists the albums attributed to the series "Lucky Star".
Anime theme and character songs.
Character song singles.
The following character song albums are sung by the voice actors of both the main cast as well as the supporting cast of characters. There are thirteen character albums in all.
The first four albums released include songs by Aya Hirano as Konata Izumi, Emiri Katō as Kagami Hiiragi, Kaori Fukuhara as Tsukasa Hiiragi, and Aya Endō as Miyuki Takara; these four albums were released on September 5, 2007. The next four released include songs by Shizuka Hasegawa as Yutaka Kobayakawa, Minori Chihara as Minami Iwasaki, Kaori Shimizu as Hiyori Tamura, and Nozomi Sasaki as Patricia Martin; these four albums were released on September 26, 2007. The ninth album was a duet with Kaoru Mizuhara as Misao Kusakabe, and Mai Aizawa as Ayano Minegishi which was released on October 24, 2007. The tenth was a trio between Aya Hirano, Shizuka Hasegawa, and Minori Chihara as Konata, Yutaka, and Minami respectively which was released on October 24, 2007. The eleventh album was another duet between Hirokazu Hiramatsu as Sōjirō Izumi, and Sumi Shimamoto as Kanata Izumi which was released on November 21, 2007. The twelfth album was a duet with Saori Nishihara as Yui Narumi, and Konomi Maeda as Nanako Kuroi which was also released on November 21, 2007. The last album is a solo featuring Kaoru Mizuhara as Misao and was released on March 26, 2008.
BPM200 Rock'N'Roll Show.
"milktub 15th ANNIVERSARY BEST ALBUM BPM200 ROCK'N'ROLL SHOW" is greatest hit album of milktub. Characters of "Lucky Star" are a guest participating in the jacket and the first song , performed by Aya Hirano, Emiri Katō, Kaori Fukuhara and Aya Endō, lyrics by Aki Hata, composition by milktub and arrangement by ms-jacky.
Lucky Racer/Real Star.
Lucky☆Racer/Real Star☆ is a single by Sayaka Sasaki which was used as the opening and ending theme to the Variety show "Lucky Racer".
MAKEGUMI.
MAKEGUMI is a single by Maina Shimagata and Koto Kawasaki which was used as the ending theme to the web anime "Miyakawa-ke no Kūfuku".
KACHIGUMI.
KACHIGUMI is a single by Aya Hirano and Emiri Katō which was used as the opening theme to the web anime "Miyakawa-ke no Kūfuku".

</doc>
<doc id="9710334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710334" title="Loudmouth – The Best of Bob Geldof and the Boomtown Rats">
Loudmouth – The Best of Bob Geldof and the Boomtown Rats

Loudmouth – The Best of Bob Geldof and the Boomtown Rats is a 1994 greatest hits compilation album from Bob Geldof and the Boomtown Rats, consisting mostly of Boomtown Rats material but also some of Geldof's solo work. It peaked at No. 10 in the UK Albums Chart in July 1994.
"Crazy" was a previously unreleased Geldof track, and was released in the UK as a single from this album.
In 1997, the album was released by Columbia Records in the US as "Great Songs of Indifference - The Best of Bob Geldof & the Boomtown Rats", with exactly the same track list, except "Crazy" was omitted.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Bob Geldof, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9710358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710358" title="Ronald Tubid">
Ronald Tubid

Ronald Tubid (born on October 15, 1981 in Iloilo City, Iloilo, Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association who is playing for the San Miguel Beermen. Known by many as The Fearless, he was also known, along with backcourt tandem Mark Caguioa and Jayjay Helterbrand, as one-third of the so-called, The Fast, The Furious, and The Fearless. He was also known as The Saint for being the model portrait of San Pedro Calungsod when he was 17.
Collegiate career.
He was the only provincial player in the supposedly all-city college where he ended up being the team captain in his freshman year. He played college hoops in the University of the East in the UAAP.
His former UE Red Warriors teammates who ended up playing in the PBA are Niño Canaleta, James Yap, and Paul Artadi.
Tubid first saw action for ANA Water Dispenser before playing in a star-studded Welcoat Paintmasters squad of Rommel Adducul and Eddie Laure that won the 2002 PBL Challenge Cup.
PBA career.
Tubid was drafted by the Shell Turbo Chargers as the sixteenth overall pick in the 2003 PBA Draft and averaged 8.9 points in his rookie year. In his second season, he improved his mark to 12.3 points per game before being named Mr. Quality Minutes by the PBA Press Corps.
After Shell's disbandment following the 2004-05 PBA season, Tubid joined the Air21 Express and won his second Mr. Quality Minutes award while averaging 8.9 points in 44 games with just 11 starts.
At the midway point of the 2006-07 PBA Philippine Cup, Tubid was traded to the Barangay Ginebra Kings and was a key reliever in Ginebra's title conquest over sister team San Miguel Beer.
The next conference, Tubid made further improvements due to the absence of Mark Caguioa and Jayjay Helterbrand in the backcourt that eventually rewarded him with an All-Star Game appearance.
In the 2008 PBA Fiesta Conference, Tubid suffered a dislocated ankle injury in a game against Alaska that forced him to sit the rest of the quarterfinals and semifinals. When the Kings were in need of a scorer in Game 4 of the finals, he came off the bench and helped Ginebra even the series at 2-2. Then when the series went to a decisive 7th game, he stepped up when his team needed him most, scoring 20 points in the game to help the Kings win their 8th title. After the series, he along with teammate Eric Menk were named co-Finals MVP of the series.
During the 2010-11 Philippine Cup, he changed his uniform number from 71 to 15 because it represents the date of his birthday.
In 2013 Ronald involved in a 5-TEAM, 10-PLAYER trade that sent him to Petron Blaze Boosters. The Blaze Boosters acquired Barako Bull top gun Ronald Tubid while giving away Jojo Duncil and Fil-Am rookie Alex Mallari and Petron’s 2014 first round pick.
Other Monickers.
Totoy Hairdo

</doc>
<doc id="9710384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710384" title="Château de Châlus-Chabrol">
Château de Châlus-Chabrol

The Château de Chalus-Chabrol (Occitan Limousin : "Chasteu de Chasluç-Chabròl") is a castle in the "commune" of Châlus in the "département" of Haute-Vienne, France.
The castle dominates the town of Châlus. It consists today of an isolated circular keep (12th century) and a residential building constructed between the 11th and 13th centuries, enlarged in the 17th century.
The castle protected the southern approach to Limoges and the north-south route between Paris and Spain, as well as the ancient east-west route linking the Mediterranean and the Atlantic.
It is most famous for the death of Richard the Lionheart, who died there from a crossbow wound fired by one of the defenders called Betrand de Gurdon while besieging the castle in 1199. His entrails are buried in the castle chapel. The castle is also linked with Cesare Borgia.
Château de Chalus-Chabrol has been listed as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture since 1925. The castle is open to visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="9710386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710386" title="Yellow Tail Records">
Yellow Tail Records

Yellow Tail Records is an independent record label based in Seattle, Washington. Founded in the early 1990s by Andrew Ratshin and Hilary Field, it releases a variety of folk, acoustic, and classical music. In addition, the label has released the two award-winning children's music recordings, "Siente: Night Songs from Around the World" and "Cantilena: Night Songs from Around the World," from classical guitarist Hilary Field and singer Patrice O'Neill and the two "Just One Angel" holiday compilation discs.

</doc>
<doc id="9710389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710389" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Wisconsin">
List of law enforcement agencies in Wisconsin

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="9710396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710396" title="Riemann–Hilbert problem">
Riemann–Hilbert problem

For the original problem of Hilbert concerning the existence of linear differential equations having a given monodromy group see Hilbert's twenty-first problem.
In mathematics, Riemann–Hilbert problems, named after Bernhard Riemann and David Hilbert, are a class of problems that arise, "inter alia", in the study of differential equations in the complex plane. Several existence theorems for Riemann–Hilbert problems have been produced by Krein, Gohberg and others (see the book by Clancey and Gohberg (1981)).
The Riemann problem.
Suppose that Σ is a closed simple contour in the complex plane dividing the plane into two parts denoted by Σ+ (the inside) and Σ− (the outside), determined by the index of the contour with respect to a point. The classical problem, considered in Riemann's PhD dissertation (see ), was that of finding a function 
analytic inside Σ+ such that the boundary values of "M"+ along Σ satisfy the equation
for all "z" ∈ Σ, where "a", "b", and "c" are given real-valued functions .
By the Riemann mapping theorem, it suffices to consider the case when Σ is the unit circle . In this case, one may seek "M"+("z") along with its Schwarz reflection:
On the unit circle Σ, one has formula_4, and so
Hence the problem reduces to finding a pair of functions "M"+("z") and "M"−("z") analytic, respectively, on the inside and the outside of the unit disc, so that on the unit circle
and, moreover, so that the condition at infinity holds:
The Hilbert problem.
Hilbert's generalization was to consider the problem of attempting to find "M"+ and "M"- analytic, respectively, on the inside and outside of the curve Σ, such that on Σ one has
where α, β, and "c" are arbitrary given complex-valued functions (no longer just complex conjugates).
Riemann–Hilbert problems.
In the Riemann problem as well as Hilbert's generalization, the contour Σ was simple. A full Riemann–Hilbert problem allows that the contour may be composed of a union of several oriented smooth curves, with no intersections. The + and − sides of the "contour" may then be determined according to the index of a point with respect to Σ. The Riemann–Hilbert problem is to find a pair of functions, "M"+ and "M"- analytic, respectively, on the + and − side of Σ, subject to the equation
for all "z"∈Σ.
Generalization: factorization problems.
Given an oriented "contour" Σ (technically: an oriented union of smooth curves without points of infinite self-intersection in the complex plane). A Birkhoff factorization problem is the following.
Given a matrix function "V" defined on the contour Σ, to find a holomorphic matrix function M defined on the complement of Σ, such that two conditions be satisfied:
In the simplest case "V" is smooth and integrable. In more complicated cases it could have singularities. The limits "M"+ and "M"− could be classical and continuous or they could be taken in the "L"2 sense.
Applications to Integrability Theory.
Riemann–Hilbert problems have applications to several related classes of problems.
A. Integrable models. The inverse scattering or inverse spectral problem associated to the Cauchy problem for 1+1 dimensional partial differential equations on the line, periodic problems, or even initial-boundary value problems, can be stated as Riemann–Hilbert problems.
B. Orthogonal polynomials, Random matrices. Given a weight on a contour, the corresponding orthogonal polynomials can be computed via the solution of a Riemann–Hilbert factorization problem. Furthermore, the distribution of eigenvalues of random matrices in several ensembles is reduced to computations involving orthogonal polynomials (see for example ).
C. Combinatorial probability. The most celebrated example is the theorem of on the distribution of the length of the longest increasing subsequence of a random permutation.
In particular, Riemann–Hilbert factorization problems are used to extract asymptotics for the three problems above (say, as time goes to infinity, or as the dispersion coefficient goes to zero, or as the polynomial degree goes to infinity, or as the size of the permutation goes to infinity). There exists a method for extracting the asymptotic behavior of solutions of Riemann–Hilbert problems, analogous to the method of stationary phase and the method of steepest descent applicable to exponential integrals. 
By analogy with the classical asymptotic methods, one "deforms" Riemann–Hilbert problems which are not explicitly solvable to problems that are. The so-called "nonlinear" method of stationary phase is due to , expanding on a previous idea by and . A crucial ingredient of the Deift-Zhou analysis is the asymptotic analysis of singular integrals on contours.
An essential extension of the nonlinear method of stationary phase has been the introduction of the so-called finite gap g-function transformation by , which has been crucial in most applications. This was inspired by work of Lax, Levermore and Venakides, who reduced the analysis of the small dispersion limit of the KdV equation to the analysis of a maximization problem for a logarithmic potential under some external field: a variational problem of "electrostatic" type. The g-function is the logarithmic transform of the maximizing "equilibrium" measure. 
Perhaps the most sophisticated extension of the theory so far is the one applied to the "non self-adjoint" case, i.e. when the underlying Lax operator (the first component of the Lax pair) is not self-adjoint, by . In that case, actual "steepest descent contours" are defined and computed. The corresponding variational problem is a max-min problem: one looks for a contour that minimizes the "equilibrium" measure. The study of the variational problem and the proof of a regular solution, under some conditions on the external field, was done in .
An alternative asymptotic analysis of Riemann–Hilbert factorization problems is provided in , especially convenient when jump matrices do not have analytic extensions. Their method is based on the analysis of d-bar problems, rather than the asymptotic analysis of singular integrals on contours.
Another extension of the theory appears in where the underlying space of the Riemann–Hilbert problem is a compact
hyperelliptic Riemann surface. The right factorization problem is no more holomorphic, but rather meromorphic, by reason of the Riemann-Roch theorem. The Riemann–Hilbert problem deformation theory is applied to the problem of stability of the infinite periodic Toda lattice under a "short range" perturbation (for example a perturbation of a finite number of particles).
Most Riemann–Hilbert factorization problems studied in the literature are 2-dimensional, i.e. the unknown matrices are of dimension 2. Higher-dimensional problems have been studied by Kuijlaars and collaborators, see e.g. .
Example: Scalar Riemann-Hilbert factorization problem.
Suppose "V"=2, and Σ is a contour from "z"=-1 to "z"=1. What is the solution of "M"?
To solve this, let's take the logarithm of equation formula_10.
Since M tends to 1, log M tends to zero as z tends to infinity.
A standard fact about the Cauchy Transform is that formula_12 
where formula_13 are the limits of the Cauchy transform from above and below Σ; therefore, we get
Because the solution "M" of a Riemann-Hilbert factorization problem is unique
(an easy application of Liouville's theorem (complex analysis)), the Sokhotski–Plemelj theorem
gives the solution. We get 
i.e. formula_16
which has a branch cut at contour formula_17.
Check:
formula_18
therefore, formula_19.
CAVEAT: If the problem is not scalar one cannot take logarithms. In general explicit solutions are very rare.

</doc>
<doc id="9710417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710417" title="Cape May Bird Observatory">
Cape May Bird Observatory

The Cape May Bird Observatory was founded in 1975 in Cape May, New Jersey, United States. The purpose of the Cape May Bird Observatory is to conduct research, encourage conservation, and organize educational and recreational birding activities. It consists of two separate centers: the Center for Research and Education in Cape May Court House in the central part of Cape May County, and the Northwood Center in Cape May Point. The current director is Pete Dunne, a well-known birding author. 
Bird migration.
Cape May is at a crossroads for bird migration. Every spring and fall, thousands of migrating birds pass through the area. Subsequently, birders from all over the world have flocked to Cape May to witness the migrations. 
Ecotourism.
Former Cape May Bird Observatory Director Paul Kerlinger published landmark studies on ecotourism in the 1990s, showing the impact of ecotourism dollars on Cape May and several other tourist areas with wildlife refuges. The United States Fish and Wildlife Service honored his work with a special citation by then director Molly Beattie. 
The Cape May Bird Observatory, as part of the New Jersey Audubon Society, also helps to organize the World Series of Birding each May. The World Series, as well as other birding festivals, such as the Cape May Fall Weekend, bring hundreds of people to the Cape May area, who enjoy its rich avifauna and support the local economy. 
Authors.
The Cape May area is home to many birding authors, including Dunne, Kerlinger, Pat and Clay Sutton, Michael O'Brien, Richard Crossley and Kevin Karlson.
No doubt the most notable former Cape May birder is author David Allen Sibley. Sibley wrote his classic field guide, "The Sibley Guide to Birds", while he was living and birding in Cape May Point.

</doc>
<doc id="9710419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710419" title="CJBB-FM">
CJBB-FM

CJBB-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts a community radio format at 103.1 FM in Englehart, Ontario.
Owned by Boyd Woods, the station received CRTC approval on September 9, 1999.
On March 20, 2001, CJBB-FM received CRTC approval to increase their effective radiated power (ERP) from 17 watts to 1,600 watts.

</doc>
<doc id="9710458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710458" title="Janne Ryynänen">
Janne Ryynänen

Janne Ryynänen (born 1988 in Rovaniemi) is a Finnish Nordic combined athlete who has been competing since 2003. His ski club is "Ounasvaaran hiihtoseura". One of his greatest achievements include a gold medal from 4 x 5 km team competition at Sapporo 2007, where he had the longest jump of the Finnish team. Ryynänen best individual finish was fourth in the 10 km individual large hill event at Liberec in 2009.
Ryynänen's best finish at the Winter Olympics was seventh in the 4 x 5 km team event at Vancouver in 2010 while his best individual finish was 12th in the 10 km individual large hill event at those same games.
His lone World Cup victory was at a 4 x 5 km team event at Italy in 2007 while his best individual finish was second in Finland twice, both in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9710462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710462" title="People's Sunday">
People's Sunday

The People's Sunday celebrations are held on the first Sunday of Lent at Żabbar, Malta, popularly known as Ħadd in-Nies, are living recollections of the centuries-old devotion to Our Lady of Graces ("Il-Madonna tal-Grazzja"). The Maltese name of Ħadd in-Nies, People's Sunday, is an indication of the large number of visitors who used to go to Żabbar to render thanks and pray at the feet of Our Lady.
For many centuries, people from all walks of life, locals and foreigners, participated. On March 6, 1927, Archbishop Dom Mauro Caruana OSB participated in the renewed religious celebration of People's Sunday; today Archbishop Paul Cremona OP is visiting the Żabbar Sanctuary of Our Lady of Graces, to meet the clergy, and above all participate in the pilgrimage of People's Sunday.
Evidence of the earliest devotion to Our Lady of Graces came to light in 1954 with the discovery of a late 15th-century fresco in the early Melitan-style chapel of St Domenica in Żabbar. The earliest surviving 16th century reports by Bishops give us an insight into the devotion to Our Lady.
The fragmentary report of 1570 by Mgr Antonio Bartolo, Vicar General sede vacante, just five years after the Siege of Malta (1565), gives us a further indication of the popularity of this devotion. The four-page inventory of the furnishings of Our Lady of Graces Chapel shows us a number of richly woven sacred vestments, silver necklaces, precious ornaments together with humble altar cloths. This clearly indicates that both rich and poor flocked to this sacred spot.
This is, again, fully supported by the report of the Apostolic Delegate, Mgr Pietro Dusina, of 1575. His description of churches and chapels in Malta and Gozo incidentally shows that the Żabbar Our Lady of Graces chapel was the only one under this title on the Islands. This was a factor that surely helped to attract more people. A hundred years had to pass before another chapel was dedicated to Our Lady of Graces, which was built at Ħal Missilment in Naxxar, Malta.
Mgr Dusina was very impressed by the great attachment of people to the Żabbar chapel. He wrote that many pilgrims from various towns and villages went there to implore favours or render thanks for benefits received, leaving behind offerings of all sorts, which eventually covered all the walls of this chapel. Most of these pilgrims went every Wednesday all the year around. Two or three Masses were said on these days to meet the visitor demand. This was not so common elsewhere in those times, where only one Mass was celebrated annually on the patron saint's feast day. To cater for these pilgrims, Mgr Dusina appointed Fr Antonio De Nicolaci as rector of this chapel "to foster and strengthen this holy devotion among the people."
The practice of going on a pilgrimage as a sign of penance and a closer approach to God goes back to the early centuries of the Christian Church. In Rome, the faithful assembled at an agreed church station and followed the Pope or a Church dignitary to another station chapel. They recited prayers and chanted the penitential psalms all along the route.
By 1585, the Żabbar chapel proved too small to accommodate the ever increasing number of pilgrims. Grand Master Hugues Loubenx de Verdalle helped to extend the church and donated a new titular painting. At the same time, Pope Sixtus V granted 100 days of Indulgence to all visitors.
In 1636, just 20 years after the chapel had been elevated into a parish before splitting with Żejtun, Bishop Michaele Belageur described the large quantity of ex-voto offerings, and stated that of all the churches on the islands, this one attracts the greatest devotion: "devotissima est".
Similar comments were made even by later bishops when they visited Żabbar. A typical remark is that made by Bishop Alpheran de Bussan (1728-1757), who in his 1737 visit states: "From olden times a large number of people converged to this church of Our Lady of Graces to offer thanks for the miraculous favours received.
"The people offered gifts to fulfil vows, leaving behind small paintings, chains, weapons and all kinds of trophies of war as a sign of gratitude to God and Holy Mary. One every Wednesday and especially on Ash Wednesday, the number of these pilgrims from cities, towns and villages is even greater." The inventories of this church, especially those of 1679 and 1699, list many of these donations.
Social gathering.
In the meantime, Carnival celebrations were becoming more organised. Thus a new aspect was added to these Lenten pilgrimages. Those who might have misbehaved or somehow gone beyond their Christian duties during Carnival, felt they could show repentance by taking part in these pilgrimages.
Ash Wednesday, being a normal working day with abstinence and fasting, proved inconvenient for many. The crowds preferred to satisfy their obligations on the following Sunday, the first of Lent. During the following century, this change seemed to have been well established.
In fact, George Percy Badger who was in Malta in 1838 stated that it was still practised on Ash Wednesday. However, an updated edition of 1858 states that the pilgrimage took place on Palm Sunday ("Ħadd in-Nies").

</doc>
<doc id="9710463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710463" title="Geoff Christian">
Geoff Christian

Geoffrey Hugh "Geoff" Christian (13 October 1934 – 7 November 1998) was a leading Australian rules football writer and radio broadcaster covering the Australian Football League and West Australian Football League.
Geoff Christian began his career as a junior football writer by writing for "The West Australian" newspaper as a teenager in 1954. In 1961 he became Chief Football writer for the paper; a position he held for more than a quarter of a century. In the late eighties, he retired and concentrated on radio work. Christian was a member of ABC Radio’s "Saturday Sportstalk" program for a period of 14 years prior to his death in November 1998. Following his death, two awards, the Geoff Christian Medal and the Geoff Christian Media Award, were inaugurated to honour Christian's contribution to football in Western Australia, with the former being awarded to the best player in the Australian Football League (AFL) from a Western Australia-based team throughout the season, and the latter being award to a journalist performing at a "consistently high standard throughout the year in either print, television, radio, or photography". Christian was posthumously inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2000, and the West Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9710472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710472" title="Sounds Like Violence">
Sounds Like Violence

Sounds Like Violence are a four-piece emo/indie rock group from Angelholm, Sweden. They are currently signed to Deep Elm Records (within the United States) and Burning Heart Records (in the rest of the world). Their debut album, With Blood On My Hands, was released on 12th Feb, 2007 to some critical acclaim.
They previously released an EP, titled The Pistol, in 2004 and contributed songs to Deep Elm compilations including "Emo Diaries No. 10" and a "Split" EP.

</doc>
<doc id="9710475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710475" title="List of law enforcement agencies in Wyoming">
List of law enforcement agencies in Wyoming

This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Wyoming.

</doc>
<doc id="9710484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710484" title="Krizia">
Krizia

Krizia, founded by Mariuccia Mandelli in 1950 in Milan, Italy, is a designer and manufacturer of women's handbags, clothing, footwear, and perfumes. In February 2014, Shenzhen Marisfrolg, a Chinese corporation, bought Krizia and Mariuccia Mandelli is stepping down from leadership.
Gallery.
KRIZIA, Spring and Fall 2007 collections, worn by model Marie de Villepin pseudonym Marie Steiss:

</doc>
<doc id="9710486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710486" title="Delaval baronets">
Delaval baronets

There have been two baronetcies created for people with the surname Delaval.
The Delaval Baronetcy of Seaton in the County of Northumberland was created in the Baronetage of England on 29 June 1660 for Ralph Delaval, of Seaton. The latter was Member of Parliament for Northumberland and was succeeded by his oldest son. The second Baronet died without male issue and the baronetcy devolved to his younger brother. The third Baronet, Member of Parliament for Morpeth and Northumberland experienced financial problems which led to him selling the family estate at Seaton to his cousin Admiral George Delaval (1660-1723). The baronetcy was extinct or dormant on his death.
The Delaval Baronetcy of Ford in the County of Northumberland, created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 1 July 1761, for John Hussey Delaval, great nephew of Admiral George Delaval, merged with the baronies created for him in 1783 and 1786. With his death the baronetcy became extinct.
Delaval baronets, of Ford (1761).
See Baron Delaval

</doc>
<doc id="9710490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710490" title="Asgill">
Asgill

Asgill is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9710509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710509" title="Battle of Cowan's Ford">
Battle of Cowan's Ford

The Battle of Cowan's Ford was a battle in the Southern Theater of Cornwallis's 1780–1782 Campaign that eventually led to the British Army's surrender at Yorktown during the American Revolutionary War. It was fought on at Cowan's ford on the Catawba River in northwestern Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, between a force of about 5,000 British and fewer than a thousand Americans who were attempting to slow the British advance across the river. The American general William Lee Davidson was killed in this battle.
Background.
After the British victory at the Battle of Camden, General Nathanael Greene replaced Horatio Gates as Commander of the Southern Department of the Continental Army. Rather than attempt to confront the much larger and better equipped British Army under Cornwallis directly, Greene attempted to wear down his opponents by engaging the British in a series of small battles. Of these battles, Greene stated of the Continental Army: "We fight, get beat, rise, and fight again."
Following the Battle of Cowpens, Cornwallis was determined on destroying Greene's forces. Cornwallis ordered his men to burn their supplies and pursued Greene in the "Race to the Dan" (The Dan River which flows through Southern Virginia and Northern North Carolina). 
During the preceding weeks, Cornwallis's army had swung to the left and approached the swollen waters of the Catawba in late January. For three days, the British forces camped at Ramsour's Mill, where they were joined by the remains of Banastre Tarleton forces. 
On , General Daniel Morgan reported to General Nathanael Greene from his camp in Sherrills Ford that his forces had observed the British army moving towards the Catawba River. Morgan reported that he was attempting to collect the militia and delay Cornwallis's forces from crossing the river. To this end, Morgan ordered General William Lee Davidson with 500 militia (two hundred and fifty of which were without flints for their muskets) to Beatties Ford.
Cornwallis marched his forces eastward toward the river to Jacob Forney's, where they camped for another three days after he had determined that the Catawba river at Beatties Ford was impassable because of the raging current.
Battle.
On , Cornwallis began to move his army despite the heavy rain fearing any further delay would cause him to lose his chance of destroying Greene's army. Some six weeks after the engagement, Cornwallis wrote that he had ordered a detachment under Lieutenant Colonel Webster to "make every possible demonstration by cannonading and otherwise, of an intention to force a passage" at Beatties Ford while he would march down the river to Cowan's Ford.
General Greene arrived and ordered General Davidson,who had placed his men at the various fords along the eastern bank, to slow the British Army's crossing of the Catawba River. Greene and Morgan then left to accompany the bulk of their forces towards Salisbury, North Carolina. 
Davidson dispatched a company of cavalry and infantry southward four miles to Cowan's Ford. The cavalry was to see that the British did not make a surprise crossing under cover of darkness. Toward nightfall Davidson joined the detachment at Cowan's Ford. Davidson evidently feared that Tarleton's troops might slip across the river in the darkness and get behind him, from which position they could attack him as the British infantry began its crossing and therefore set up camp a half mile from the river, with pickets watching from the water's edge the Cowan's Ford. 
Near daybreak, after a difficult march in which the British lost some of their cannon, Cornwallis's army reached Cowan's Ford. Cowan's Ford was actually two fords; one, the horse ford, though shallower than the other, was longer, because it crossed the stream to an angle; the other, called the wagon ford, went straight across the river but was much deeper. Without hardly hesitating, the British began crossing the swollen stream straight across along the wagon ford and soon the horses were over their heads in the raging torrent.
Davidson's forces immediately began to confront the Redcoats. The militiamen were picking off many British soldiers as they struggled in the water to reach the far bank. After the first elements reached the bank and formed a firing line, they began to fire a volley at the now retreating militia. Shortly after arriving on the scene, Davidson was struck from his horse by a rifle ball through the heart. 
Oral tradition has it that a local Tory guide fired the fatal shot. Late that evening Davidson's naked body was found. His corpse was evidently robbed by British soldiers, a fact established on when Davidson's wallet was brought back from England where it had been held in the Public Records Office in London since the Revolution. General Davidson is buried at Hopewell Church in Mecklenburg county, NC.
References.
[(Category:Killed in Action)]

</doc>
<doc id="9710517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710517" title="Embankment (transportation)">
Embankment (transportation)

A road, railway line or canal is normally raised onto an embankment made of earth to avoid a change in level required by the terrain, the alternatives being either to have an unacceptable change in level or detour to follow a contour. A cutting is used for the same purpose where the land is originally higher than required. 
Materials.
Embankments are often constructed using material obtained from a cutting. Embankments should be constructed using suitable materials to provide adequate support to the formation and long-term stability.
External links.
Federal Highway Administration Design Manual: Deep Mixing for Embankment and Foundation Support Federal Highway Administration

</doc>
<doc id="9710523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710523" title="La Sept">
La Sept

La Sept was a French television broadcaster and production company created on 23 February 1986 to develop cultural and educational programming for transmission via the TDF 1 satellite. In French, the word "sept" means the number seven; it not only represents the seventh network to have signed on in France, but it also serves as an acronym, for "Société d'édition de programmes de télévision" (Television Programme Production Corporation).
History.
In 1985, Georges Fillioud, French Minister of Transport, charged Pierre Desgraupes with creating programs for one or more of the five channels of the high power satellite TDF 1 launched in 1988. On 27 February 1986, La Société d'édition de programmes de télévision was created by Bernard Faivre d'Arcier, cultural adviser to the Prime Minister Laurent Fabius and began to develop a stock of programmes. It was chaired by historian George Duby.
In March 1989, the full name of La Sept changed, becoming "La Société européenne de programmes de télévision" (European Television Programme Corporation). In April 1989, the Conseil supérieur de l'audiovisuel granted permission to broadcast on one of TDF 1's channels, and it began transmission on 14 May 1989. The station broadcast three hours and 30 minutes of programmes per day, each programme broadcast twice. In June, an agreement was reached to broadcast La Sept's programmes on cable television, and on 3 February 1990, FR3 gave the La Sept a window on their terrestrial broadcast channel every Saturday from 15:00 to midnight.
On 30 May 1992, La Sept lost its role of broadcaster to Arte, a Franco-German EEIG group created on 2 October 1990. On 27 September 1993 it changed its name to Sept-ARTE, and became ARTE France on 1 August 2000.
Soundtrack.
Michael Nyman released a promotional album, "La Sept", containing music recorded for the network.

</doc>
<doc id="9710526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710526" title="100-man kumite">
100-man kumite

__NOTOC__
100-man kumite ("hyakunin kumite" in Japanese) is an extreme test of physical and mental endurance in Kyokushin karate. "Kumite" (sparring), one of the three main sections of karate training, involves simulated combat against an opponent. The 100-man kumite consists of 100 rounds of "kumite", each between one-and-a-half and two minutes in length. Normally, the karate practitioner undergoing the test will have to face similarly or higher-ranked opponents, and may face an opponent a few times in the course of the test (depending on the number of opponents available to participate).
The challenge was devised by Masutatsu Oyama, the founder of Kyokushin and the first person to complete the test. He completed the 100-man kumite three times over three consecutive days. The second man to complete the test was Steve Arneil in 1965. In July 2004, Naomi Ali (née Woods) became the first woman to complete the 100-man kumite. Variations using 20-man and 50-man challenges have also been employed.

</doc>
<doc id="9710545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710545" title="Charles Leslie (writer)">
Charles Leslie (writer)

Charles Leslie was a Barbadian writer who wrote about the history of Jamaica.
Leslie was married to Rebecca Tirres on 20 July 1710, Saint Philip, Barbados.
His book, "A New and Exact History of Jamaica" was published in Edinburgh, Scotland in 1739.

</doc>
<doc id="9710548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710548" title="Ferdoos Mohammed">
Ferdoos Mohammed

Ferdoos Mohammed (1906 in Egypt – 1961) was an Egyptian actress, famous for playing the role of a mother or a motherly figure lady in Egyptian films in the 1940s and 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="9710550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710550" title="My Son the Fanatic">
My Son the Fanatic

My Son the Fanatic is a short story written by Hanif Kureishi first published in The New Yorker, 1994. It was reprinted in Kureishi's 1997 collection of short stories, "Love in a Blue Time," and also as a supplement to some editions of "The Black Album." The short story was also adapted into a film of the same title.
Plot summary.
The narrative deals with the problems of Parvez, who has migrated to England with his son Ali. Parvez worries because Ali’s behavior has changed significantly. Early in the story, Parvez is afraid of discussing his worries with his friends because his son has always been a kind of showpiece son. Eventually, Parvez breaks his silence and tells them how his son has changed, hoping to receive some advice. After having a short conversation, they come to the conclusion that his son might be addicted to drugs and that he sells his things to earn money to buy drugs. After this meeting, Parvez goes to his taxi to drive home. But in his car he finds Bettina, a prostitute, who drives with Parvez very often and has become a confidante. Since Parvez has defended Bettina from a client who had attacked her, they take care of each other. Parvez tells Bettina what he has observed and that he and his friends assume that his son does all these strange things because he is drug addicted. Bettina instructs Parvez on how he has to observe his son to find out if there is anything physically wrong with him. However, after a few days of observations Parvez decides that his son appears totally healthy. The only physical change Parvez observes is that Ali is growing a beard. And it turns out that his son does not sell his things. He just gives them away.
Parvez notices that Ali prays five times a day, although he had not been brought up to be religious. Parvez decides to invite his son to dinner to talk to him about his recent behavior. Initially, Ali refuses this invitation, but later he accepts it. Parvez drinks a lot during this meeting and they start to argue. Ali criticizes his father’s way of life because in his opinion his father is "too implicated in Western civilization" (Kureishi 2001: 157) and breaks the Koran’s rules by drinking alcohol and eating pork. 
Ali tells his father that he is going to give up his studies because from his point of view, “Western education cultivates an anti-religious attitude.” (Kureishi 2001: ) Parvez feels he has lost his son and wants to tell him to leave the house. But Bettina changes his mind and Parvez resolves to try to understand what is going on in his son’s mind. During the next days Parvez tries to explain cautiously to his son what his ideas and attitudes towards life are. He even grows a beard to please Ali. But Ali still holds his father in contempt for not following the rules of the Koran. A few days later while Parvez is driving in his taxi with Bettina he sees his son walking down the sidewalk. Parvez asks Ali to come in and drive with them. In the car, Bettina starts to have a conversation with Ali, but as she tries to explain to Ali that his father loves him very much, Ali becomes angry and offends Bettina. Afterwards he wants to escape from the car, but Bettina preempts him. She leaves the car when it is still moving and runs away. Back at home Parvez drinks a lot of alcohol because he is furious at his son. He walks into Ali’s room and attacks his son who does not show any kind of reaction to protect or defend himself.
When Parvez stops hitting him, Ali asks his father: "So who's the fanatic now?"
The Short Story in Comparison to the Film.
The film differs significantly from the short story. The order of events is changed and new events and characters are added. Even the name Ali is changed to Farid. The short story is set in London, South East of England, and the film is set in Bradford which lies in Northern England. The new characters in the film are “the maulvi from Lahore, Fizzie and Herr Schitz.” (Moore- Gilbert 2001: 164)
Another important invention of the film is the change of the relationship between Parvez and Bettina. In the short story it is mentioned that Bettina and Parvez take “care for each other” (Kureishi 1997: 151) since Parvez has protected Bettina of a very violent client. We do not learn that in the film. It is also mentioned in the text that Parvez can “talk to her about things he’d never be able to discuss with his own wife”. This shows that they are good friends and trust each other, but in the text there is no evidence that the prostitute Bettina and the taxi- driver Parvez have a love affair as in the film. In the film this “sexual dimension” (Moore- Gilbert 2001: 164) is developed to show how Farid leads his father into despair.
At home Parvez does not have a partner to communicate with. His wife, Minoo, who is rarely mentioned and not named in the short story, is always doing work and doesn't talk much with her husband. The main thing they talk about is Parvez's job. Therefore Minoo is a more complex figure in the film than in the text. She develops from the loving mother which she is in the opening scene to the “servant in her own home after the deric’s arrival, even being required to eat apart from her husband.” (Moore- Gilbert 2001: 166)
The character of Schitz, the German entrepreneur who is present through nearly the entire film, is one of the more complex characters of those added in the film. Schitz can be seen as a “comparison with Parvez, reminding the audience that there are different kinds of economic migrants, whose reception by the ‘host’ society varies according to the migrants national origin, class and ethnic identity.” (Moore- Gilbert 2001: 165) Schitz represents industrial renewal and revolution. He comes from Germany, which has just been united again, to Great Britain and “represents the growing influence of Europe on Britain, in which a newly united Germany is the economic dynamo and, as such, a potentially oppressive force.” (Moore- Gilbert 2001: 166) With reference to business, Schitz is a stereotype of the successful white businessman with a lot of money. He likes to spend his money and to look down on people of other social classes as he does in the case of Parvez. In the film Schitz jokes about Parvez when Parvez tells him that he always wanted to be in the cricket team of the company he worked for when he came to England. Later in the nightclub, Schitz also laughs at Parvez because of his Pakistani accent. This accent is a feature the film uses to create cultural differences. The father who leads a western life speaks English with a Pakistani accent whereas his son who is a fundamentalist speaks Standard English.
You may also see Mr. Schitz as the contrast to Farid’s world. Mr. Schitz embodies everything that Farid hates about the Western World. Although Farid is in conflict with his father and not with Mr. Schitz and does not even know him, these two characters represent the two conflicting ways of life. Farid is the religious fundamentalist and Mr. Schitz is a godless libertine.
Farid’s, or Ali’s; new attitudes towards the world he has lived in since his birth lead to a very big conflict between him and his father. This conflict is in the short story and in the film which both start in media represented at the beginning. The short story opens with Parvez sitting in Ali’s room. The narrator who is not part of the story and therefore a heterodiegetic narrator narrates that Parvez is “bewildered” (Kureishi 1997: 147) by the fact that his son is getting tidier. He also explained briefly Ali’s old behavior to give reason for Parvez worries. Then the reader learns that Ali had an “English girlfriend from whom he has parted.” (Kureishi 1997: 147) The film opens with a scene that shows Farid’s family at a visit at the Fingerhut’s house. Parvez is very enthusiastic and already plans his son’s wedding. The short story creates at its opening a very calm atmosphere of an average father worrying about his son. There cannot be found any hints than the names that they are not a family of British origin. Whereas in the film, it is obvious from the beginning Parvez’s family has emigrated to Britain. Parvez’s wife is dressed in traditional Pakistani clothes, but she does not have her face veiled, Parvez speaks with his Pakistani accent and Minoo and Parvez speak Urdu, their native language, to each other.
At the beginning, Farid seems ashamed of his father when he is taking the pictures of the Fingerhuts. But his shame initially looks like the usual embarrassment teenagers sometimes have for their parents and not the disgust that Farid, and Ali, develops throughout the story. The short story says that Parvez and Ali once “were brothers”. (Kureishi 1997: 150) But that is a thing which Parvez tells the reader and the reader does not learn anything about Ali’s view of this. This statement underlines Parvez's worries about his son. In the text and the film, Parvez is presented as a loving father who wants the best for his son. He always was “aware of the pitfalls that other men’s sons had stumbled to in England.” (Kureishi 2001: 148) He wants to give his son a better life than he once had. That is the reason for him to work “long hours” (Kureishi 2001: 149) and to spend a lot of money on his son’s education. And while Parvez was dreaming of a better life in Britain he did not realize that something had gone wrong with his son.
After a conversation with his friends and with Bettina Parvez worries about his son taking drugs. In the film it is shown how Parvez checks Farid’s temperature. Farid’s reaction shows that he knows what his father is looking for and therefore he stretches out his arm to show his veins. While Parvez keeps his son under surveillance he follows him into the mosque. There Parvez is confronted with the fact that his son is not just becoming religious. He changes to a fundamentalist. A Muslim in the mosque tells Parvez that those boys, the group of boys which includes his own son, are not welcomed in the mosque because they always want to change the people’s opinion.
Farid is presented in a more radical way in the film than in the short story. In the short story Ali shows his disgust for his father in the conversation they have when they are out for dinner. Ali offends his father, but does not do anything more. He just wants to state his view of things. Whereas at the nearly end of the film Farid and his friends attack the prostitutes violently. They throw Molotov cocktails into the prostitutes' house and Farid spits at Bettina. This violence may be seen as an influence the maulvi took on them because he is added in the film and does not exist in the short story where an attack like that does not happen. The maulvi takes very much influence on Farid and helps him to become more fanatic. He even gives introductions, as Farid tells Parvez in Fizzie’s restaurant, when they are having dinner. Farid trusts more the maulvi ideals of life than his fathers.

</doc>
<doc id="9710576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710576" title="Corey Fischer">
Corey Fischer

Corey Fischer (born 1945) is an American actor.
Life and career.
Fischer was born in Los Angeles and received a BA in French and Theatre Arts from UCLA. In the mid-sixties he worked in Los Angeles in improvisational theatre, notably with The Committee, and went on to work in film and television. An early film appearance was in the biker cult film Naked Angels and an early television appearance was in a 1966 episode of Daniel Boone.
Fischer appeared in Robert Altman's first three Hollywood movies: "M*A*S*H", "Brewster McCloud", and "McCabe and Mrs. Miller" and many of the best-known TV comedies of the seventies including "All in the Family", "Sanford and Son" and "Barney Miller". In 1972-75 he played "Givits" a guitar-playing ex-rabbinical student in "Sunshine" starting with the groundbreaking TV movie that became the prototype for a number of "Disease-of-the-week" movies that followed. He continued to play Givits in the short-lived spin-off series, also titled "Sunshine", (13 episodes) and, finally, a second TV movie, "Sunshine Christmas."
In 1976 Fischer worked with L.A.'s ProVisional Theatre, an experimental, political ensemble. With them, he toured nationally in "America Piece" by Susan Yankowitz and the company-created "Voice of the People." He was then invited to become part of The Winter Project by director Joseph Chaikin. Relocating to New York for two years, he participated in Chaikin's project and acted in Chaikin's production of The Dybbuk at the Public Theater.
In 1978, he returned to Los Angeles, where, with Albert Greenberg and Naomi Newman, he co-founded Traveling Jewish Theatre. In 1982 TJT moved to San Francisco where Fischer continues to act, write and direct theatre and to act in film and television. He appeared in the 2012 feature film "The Five-Year Engagement" with Jason Segel and Emily Blunt.
"SF Chronicle" drama critic Robert Hurwitt called him "One of the Bay Area's acting treasures..." His one-man show, "Sometimes We Need a Story More Than Food" was voted one of the ten best productions of 1993 by the "Los Angeles Times" and won a Marin County playwriting fellowship. In 1999, his play, "See Under: Love," an adaptation of the novel by Israeli author David Grossman was one of six winners of the Kennedy Center Fund for New American Plays Award. It was produced by TJT in 2001 and is anthologized in "Nine Contemporary Jewish Plays".
In 2000, the San Francisco Bay Guardian voted him one of the year's best directors for "God's Donkey", an original TJT production. In 2001, his play, "See Under: Love" was listed as one of the year's ten best plays by the San Francisco Chronicle and was nominated by the Association of American Drama Critics as best play of 2001.
His most recent work was as a playwright and director of "In the Maze of Our Own Lives" a play inspired by the story of the Group Theatre which was produced in October, 2011, to launch TJT's 34th season. This season is TJT's last as a producing organization.

</doc>
<doc id="9710593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710593" title="Yamazaki Sōkan">
Yamazaki Sōkan

Yamazaki Sōkan (山崎宗鑑) (1465–1553) was a "renga" and "haikai" poet from Ōmi Province, Japan. His real name was Shina Norishige, and he was also called Yasaburō; "Yamazaki Sōkan" was a pen-name ("haimyō").
Originally serving as a court calligrapher for the ninth Ashikaga shogun, Ashikaga Yoshihisa, the poet became a Buddhist monk and entered seclusion following the shogun's death in 1489. Traveling through Settsu and Yamashiro provinces, he finally settled in a place called Yamazaki. Establishing his hermitage, which he named "Taigetsu-an", he adopted the name Yamazaki Sōkan. (The location of this hermitage is somewhat debated, as the town of Shimamoto, Osaka claims to contain its remains, as does the Myōkian temple in Ōyamazaki, Kyoto.)
He left Yamazaki in 1523, and settled five years later in the town of Kan'onji, in Sanuki province. On the grounds of Kōshōji, he made a hermitage for himself called "Ichiya-an", and would spend the rest of his life there composing poems. Though his poems were not widely distributed at first, they were soon compiled into a text called "Daitsukubashū". He also compiled and edited "Inu-tsukuba-shū" (犬筑波集), another important anthology of "renga" and "haikai" poems. His unrefined style came to be quite influential, and inspired the development of the "danrin" style of poetry which emerged fully in the early 17th century.
Sōkan died in 1553, after gaining a degree of fame and wealth for his poetry and calligraphy.

</doc>
<doc id="9710596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710596" title="Alaska Electric Light &amp; Power">
Alaska Electric Light &amp; Power

Alaska Electric Light & Power, also known as AEL&P, is the power utility for Juneau, the capital city of Alaska. AEL&P gets their electricity primarily through the Snettisham hydroelectric dam, located in an uninhabited region 30 miles Southeast of downtown Juneau, accessible only by boat and aircraft. The General Manager for the company is Tim Mcleod.
Founded in 1893 by Willis Thorpe, AEL&P is one of the only privately held utilities in the state. It originally ran on local hydroelectric dams run by the mining-focused Treadwell Company. These first dams were constructed on Salmon Creek and Sheep Creek. The current dam at Snettisham was completed in 1973.
2008 Avalanches and emergency power.
In April, 2008, a series of massive avalanches outside Juneau heavily damaged the electrical lines providing Juneau with power, knocking the hydroelectric system offline and forcing the utility to switch to a much more expensive diesel system. Diesel generators replaced the hydroelectric power to the municipality in the weeks that followed, leading to temporarily higher utility costs for AEL&P customers until the power lines were repaired.

</doc>
<doc id="9710629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710629" title="Global Industrial and Social Progress Research Institute">
Global Industrial and Social Progress Research Institute

Global Industrial and Social Progress Research Institute(GISPRI 地球産業文化研究所) is a Japanese think tank founded in 1988 to research the global natural resources and environmental problems, international system, and interaction between industry, economy, culture, and society.It holds the Global Industrial and Social Progress Policy Forum to make policy proposals on these problems. Also, it succeeded the task of Japan Association for the 2005 World Exposition in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9710631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710631" title="1939 in Northern Ireland">
1939 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9710636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710636" title="Banca Popolare di Milano">
Banca Popolare di Milano

Banca Popolare di Milano is an Italian cooperative bank.
History.
The second cooperative bank in Italy (the first one was the Banca Popolare di Lodi), it was founded in 1865 in Milan by Luigi Luzzatti, who later served as the nation's Prime Minister. Luzzatti drew his inspiration from the 'credit associations' developed by Hermann Schulze-Delitzsch in Germany a decade earlier.
BPM has grown considerably since the 1950s by buying interests in other banks such as Banca Popolare di Roma, la Banca Briantea, Banca Agricola Milanese, Banca Popolare Cooperativa Vogherese, Banca Popolare di Bologna e Ferrara, Banca Popolare di Apricena, Ina Banca, Cassa di Risparmio di Alessandria and Banca di Legnano.
BPM Today.
BPM now employs about 9,000 people in 792 branches and it has about 1,4 million customers. The bank works basically in the northern and central regions of Italy, with a strong presence in Lombardia and Piemonte, but also in Lazio and Puglia.
In 1999 Banca Popolare di Milano opened the online banking service called WeBank, become a bank apart in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9710660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710660" title="Arthur Batut">
Arthur Batut

Arthur Batut (February 9, 1846 – January 19, 1918) was a French photographer and pioneer of aerial photography.
Life.
, born 1846 in Castres, was interested in history, archeology and photography. His book on kite aerial photography appeared in 1890 and contained an aerial photograph taken in 1889 from a kite over Labruguière, where he spent most his life until he died there in 1918. It is believed that in 1887 or 1888 he was the first to use this method successfully.
At the time, kite aerial photography had potential applications for aerial reconnaissance, but also for agriculture and archeology. The first aerial photographs had been taken by Nadar from a balloon in 1858. The use of unmanned kites promised obvious advantages in a military setting.
Inspired by Francis Galton, he also produced composite photographs combining portraits of multiple people onto one plate.

</doc>
<doc id="9710661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710661" title="Conifer High School">
Conifer High School

Conifer High School is a secondary school in Conifer, an unincorporated town located in the foothills of Jefferson County, southwest of Denver, Colorado. The school is located about 20 minutes southwest of SH 470 and a short distance north of U.S. Highway 285.
History.
Conifer High School opened in the fall of 1996 to serve students in the southern portion of what had previously been Evergreen High School's matriculation area. The area encompasses a large part of southwestern Jefferson County, including the communities of Aspen Park, Buffalo Creek, Pine and Pine Junction, as well as parts of southern Evergreen and southwestern Morrison.
The land for the school campus was acquired in a county action of Eminent Domain which gives landowners the choice of either a county purchase of the land or condemning the property. One parcel was a picnic area named "Rancho Lobo"; when it came time to choose a school mascot, the vote decided upon the Lobos.
The opening of the school coincided with changes in the divisions of secondary, junior high, and elementary schools for the district. This change meant that the first year of students consisted of eleventh grade students that had attended Evergreen High School during the previous year and two classes of "freshmen" in ninth and tenth grade students from West Jefferson Middle School. The first year had no senior class, as such the first graduating class was in 1998.
Enrollment.
Enrollment by Grade in 2009–2010 academic year
Enrollment by Race/Ethnicity in 2009–2010 academic year
Enrollment by Gender in 2009–2010 academic year
Campus.
Community Use.
The building houses a substation of the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department. It also housed a campus of Red Rocks Community College. This relationship with Red Rocks allowed students to take some college courses, after normal school hours, and receive both college and high school credit. As of 2007 Red Rocks no longer operates this campus.
Conifer High School shares its library with Jefferson County Public Library system. During school hours the library is restricted to only school staff and students. After school and on weekends the library is open to the public. The public library is open six days a week, being closed on Friday.
The building is also used for many events including health drives, holiday boutiques, and community festivals. During the wildfire season, the school has been used as a Red Cross shelter.
Architectural Distinction.
Designed by architectural firm LKA Partners, Conifer High School's architecture has been awarded several honors:
Extracurricular Activities.
Conifer High School is a member of the Colorado High School Activities Association (CHSAA) in District 4 it participates in activities in both the 3A classification and the 4A classification situated in between the 600 and 1400 student breakpoints for each of these classifications.
Athletics.
Conifer High School student have the opportunity to participate in the following athletic activities under the Colorado High School Activities Association:
"Gymnastics"'<br>
2002 Rachael Lehmkuhl, 4A State Gymnastics All Around Champion<br>
<br>
Softball<br>
2003 Conifer High School Softball team won the 4A state championship.
Girls X-Country<br>
2003 Kristen Wakeman, 4A state champion.
Girls Track and Field<br>
2004 4A state champions 4 x 800m relay.<br>
2007 Emily Blok, 4A state champion, 100m dash.<br>
2007 Emily Blok, 4A state champion, 200m dash.<br>
2008 Emily Blok, 4A state champion, 100m dash.<br>
2008 Emily Blok, 4A state champion, 200m dash.<br>
2008 Emily Blok, 4A state champion, 400m dash.
2009 Emily Blok, 4A state champion, 100m dash.<br>
2009 Emily Blok, 4A state champion, 200m dash.
Boys Track and Field<br>
2006 Bobby Potrykus, 4A state champion and state record holder, 800m run.
Marching Band.
The 2006 Conifer High School Marching Band, called the Lobo Regiment, won the 3A state championship. It was one of conifer's many times back to competing in 3A class, as previous marching seasons were competed in class 4A. The 2009 Lobo Regiment again competed in class 4A. They got 10th in 4A State in 2009, 2010, and 2011. In their 2012 season the Lobo Regiment finished 4th in state. This was their first time making state finals in 4A since 2007.
Faculty and Staff.
The following individuals have been Principals of Conifer High School.
In the News.
In May of 2007, Conifer High School was featured in national news due to controversy over their new yearbook. The yearbook included photographs and text depicting student alcohol and drug use.
Spirit Rock.
Conifer's Spirit Rock is painted on a regular basis. This is a means to reflect school spirit. Conifer has had 2 rocks after their first was destroyed, by a rival Evergreen High School student at that time. The spirit rock is frequently repainted for special school sporting events, awareness months, or to celebrate seniority at the school.

</doc>
<doc id="9710664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710664" title="Nikos Papatakis">
Nikos Papatakis

Nikos Papatakis (nicknamed Nico, ; 5 July 1918 – 17 December 2010) was a Greek-born naturalised French filmmaker, who lived in France.
Biography.
He was born in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia and spent his early years between Ethiopia and Greece. In 1939 he established himself in Paris and worked as an extra in films. Eventually, he owned the famous Parisian club 'La Rose Rouge' where performers included singer Juliette Greco. He was married to actress Anouk Aimée from 1951 to 1954 and from whom he had a daughter, Manuela Papatakis, born in 1951. He was then married to actress Olga Karlatos from 1967 to 1982, from whom he had a son, Serge Papatakis, born in 1967.
In 1957, Papatakis moved to New York City, met John Cassavetes, and became co-producer of Cassavetes' "Shadows" (1959). In 1963, his first film, "Les Abysses", enjoyed a 
"Succès de scandale" and was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival which refused to show it. It was based on Jean Genet's "The Slaves". In 1967, he directed another daring film, "Oi Voskoi" ("The Shepherds" in Greek). During the Algerian War he was active in the Front de Liberation National. He returned to filmmaking in 1987 with a film in Greek, "I Photografia" ("The Photograph"). His last movie was "Walking on a Tightrope" (1992).
He died in Paris on 17 December 2010.
Legend has it that the photographer Herbert Tobias nicknamed the then-fashion model, later singer, Nico, (Christa Päffgen), after Nico Papatakis, who had been her boyfriend for a few years. 

</doc>
<doc id="9710669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710669" title="Edwin Zoetebier">
Edwin Zoetebier

Eduard "Edwin" Andreas Dominicus Hendricus Jozef Zoetebier () (born 7 May 1970 in Purmerend, North Holland) is a former football goalkeeper from the Netherlands, who started his professional career in the 1988-1989 season playing for FC Volendam. He later served Sunderland, Feyenoord, Vitesse, PSV Eindhoven and NAC Breda. His career highlight was being the starting goalkeeper for Feyenoord in the 2002 UEFA Cup Final against Borussia Dortmund as the Dutch club won 3-2. He also played in the 2002 UEFA Super Cup against Real Madrid which saw the Spanish side prevail 2-1. He was also an unplayed member of the Feyenoord side which won the Eredivisie in 1998-99 and the Dutch Super Cup in 1999 as Jerzy Dudek was the team's first-choice goalkeeper.
He joined FC Volendam as goalkeeping coach in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9710670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710670" title="List of Sliders cast members">
List of Sliders cast members

The following is a list of actors who have appeared on "Sliders":

</doc>
<doc id="9710679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710679" title="Archdeacon of Aberdeen">
Archdeacon of Aberdeen

The Archdeacon of Aberdeen was the only archdeacon in the Diocese of Aberdeen, acting as a deputy of the Bishop of Aberdeen. The archdeacon held the parish church of Rayne as a prebend since 1256. The following is a list of known historical archdeacons:

</doc>
<doc id="9710681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710681" title="Beck Hole">
Beck Hole

Beck Hole is a small valley village in the Borough of Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. The village lies within the Goathland civil parish and the North York Moors national park.
Geography and description.
Beck Hole is located at approximately above sea level in the North York Moors, in the valley of the Murk Esk river, a tributary of the River Esk. The village is approximately roughly north-west of Goathland and within the same civil parish. It is accessed by a road with very steep gradients on either side of the village. The North Yorkshire Moors Railway passes the village close by to the north.
The majority of the structures in the village are listed, including several 18th century sandstone buildings: the Birch Hall Inn (cottages and with 19th century extension), Fir Tree farmhouse, Brookwood farmhouse (outbuildings to Fir Tree farm, now dwellings),
History.
The origins of Beck Hole date to the Middle Ages; it was set within the Forest of Pickering, which began to be cleared in the 13th century. The first records referencing the village, originally known as "Amerholm", date to the late 16th century, and mention a single farmstead. A fulling mill was in operation at the river bank around this period.
The 'Bulls Head' public house was established around 1770, in a house built c.1677. The building was renamed the 'Lord Nelson' in 1801, and rebuilt around 1850. It closed as an public house in 1940.
The Whitby and Pickering Railway was opened in 1836, with the incline from Beckhole to Goathland worked as a rope hauled cable railway. A railway station (see Beckhole railway station) was established. The incline was replaced by a deviation in 1865, part of the line remained in use as a branch to Beck Hole. (closed 1951)
In the late 1850s the "Whitby Iron Company" was formed and began extraction of iron stone around Beckhole; two blast furnaces were built which began production of iron in 1860. At around the same time a row of 33 cottages was built for industrial workers, and the Birch Hall Inn was expanded and gained a license. The operation was unsuccessful, and short-lived, hampered by a fault in one of the furnaces, and landslips at a mine. The blast furnaces ceased operation in 1864, and the works were put up for sale in 1876, and were sold in 1888, being demolished in the following years. The worker's terrace also demolished.
The village was connected to Egton by a main road after 1868. Mains electricity and mains water reached the village in the decade after the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="9710686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710686" title="Lady Chatterley (film)">
Lady Chatterley (film)

Lady Chatterley is a 2006 French film by Pascale Ferran. An adaptation of the novel "John Thomas and Lady Jane" by D. H. Lawrence, it was released in the UK on 24 August 2007.
The film won the 2007 César Award for Best Film and stars French actors Jean Louis Coullo'ch and Marina Hands.

</doc>
<doc id="9710697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710697" title="1938 in Northern Ireland">
1938 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9710700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710700" title="Theodore J. Flicker">
Theodore J. Flicker

Theodore Jonas "Ted" Flicker (born June 6, 1930) is an American playwright, theatrical producer, television and film director, actor, television writer, screenwriter, author, and sculptor.
Early life.
Born in Freehold Borough, New Jersey, Flicker attended Admiral Farragut Academy in Tom's River, New Jersey from 1947 to 1949. From 1949 to 1951, he studied at Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London, alongside fellow drama students Joan Collins and Larry Hagman.
Theatre career.
In 1954, he became a member of Chicago's Compass Theater, America's first theater of improvisational comedy, a sub-genre he founded along with fellow comedy pioneer Elaine May. Together, they set the form's official rules, which are still followed by contemporary humorists. Eventually, he worked as producer, director, and performer with the Compass Players in St. Louis. The company was such a success that he was able to raise money to establish the Crystal Palace Theater, then the only monthly repertory stage in the country.
In 1959 he wrote the book and directed the Broadway musical "The Nervous Set". Fran Landesman provided the lyrics, and Tommy Wolf the musical score. The only 'beat musical', it was the source of the standard tune "Spring Can Really Hang You Up the Most." The show was revived in 2006. In 1960, he established The Premise on New York's Bleecker Street in a basement venue, where he cast performers such as Buck Henry, Joan Darling, Gene Hackman, George Segal, and James Frawley. The show eventually transferred to the Comedy Theatre in London's West End. A follow-up improvisational satire, "The Premise in Living Color," targeted racism and featured Godfrey Cambridge, Diana Sands, and Al Freeman Jr.
Film and television career.
Moving into motion pictures, Flicker directed and co-wrote (with Henry) the screenplay for his first film "The Troublemaker" in 1964. As a filmmaker, he is probably best known for his political lampoon "The President's Analyst" (1967) with James Coburn, although he cites "Jacob Two Two Meets the Hooded Fang" (1978) among his personal favorites.
An occasional actor, he is the first victim in "Beware! The Blob!" (1972), directed by Larry Hagman. He also rides at full gallop as Buffalo Bill Cody in "The Legend of the Lone Ranger" (1981), debut-directed by cinematographer William A Fraker, who shot "The President's Analyst".
As the writer of the pilot for the television series "Barney Miller" (1975), he became the show's co-owner, and also wrote and/or directed episodes of "The Dick Van Dyke Show", "The Andy Griffith Show", "The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "Night Gallery", and "The Streets of San Francisco", and "I Dream of Jeannie". Flicker also appeared as the Devil in a 1971 episode of "Night Gallery" he had written called "Hell's Bells".
Other ventures.
Flicker has written extensively on expressionism and how it applies to his own art, and is the author of the epic novel "The Good American", one of the first books to be marketed exclusively on the Internet.
A documentary biopic screened in 2007 at the Santa Fe Film Festival. Directed by David Ewing, "" had its world premiere at Santa Fe's Film Center on October 17, 2008. Among the interviewees are George Segal and Tom Arledge, as well as Henry and Darling.
Personal life.
His only marriage is to Barbara Joyce Perkins, whom he wed in a Los Angeles synagogue on September 30, 1966. The couple have resided in Santa Fe, New Mexico since 1986. Their northside home abuts a sculpture garden displaying his own works as well as those of Allan Houser, Paul Moore, Tony Price, Michael Bergt, and others. Flickers extensive sculpture collection can be viewed at tedflicker.com.
On May 13, 1994, Flicker legally changed his name to Ted Flicker.

</doc>
<doc id="9710707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710707" title="2003 Solheim Cup">
2003 Solheim Cup

The 2003 Solheim Cup was the eighth Solheim Cup, held 12–14 September 2003 at Barsebäck Golf & Country Club in Loddekopinge, Skåne, Sweden. This was the first time the European team hosted outside of the United Kingdom.
When Rosie Jones of the U.S. conceded a birdie putt to Catriona Matthew giving her a 3&1 win, Europe reached the 14½ points required to win the Solheim Cup for the third time. With the overall competition's outcome decided, amid some controversy, four of the five remaining matches were conceded for a final score of 17½ to 10½.
Teams.
The European team consisted of seven automatic qualifiers and five wild card picks from Captain Catrin Nilsmark. The US team consisted of 10 automatic qualifiers and two picks from Captain Patty Sheehan.
Europe
Format.
The match format was unchanged from 2002. A total of 28 points were available, divided among four periods of team play, followed by one period of singles play. The first period, on Friday morning, was four rounds of foursomes. This was followed in the afternoon by four rounds of fourballs. This schedule was repeated on the Saturday morning and afternoon. The four periods on Friday and Saturday accounted for 16 points. During these team periods, the players played in teams of two. All players had to play in at least one session of the first two days . The final 12 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay, in which all 24 players (12 from each team) took part.
Day one.
"Friday, 12 September 2003"
Morning foursomes.
The European team started Day 1 strongly, dominating the foursomes matches. The first point was won by the Scottish pairing of Catriona Matthew and Janice Moodie. A birdie putt on 15 sealed the 5&3 win for the Scottish pairing who had, somewhat controversially, not been picked for the 2002 team. The second European point was also gained on the 15th green. Annika Sörenstam and Suzann Pettersen had gone 4 up after 11 and closed out the match 4&3.
The third victorious European team was Sophie Gustafson and Solheim Cup rookie, Elisabeth Esterl who beat the highly experienced American combination of Meg Mallon and Rosie Jones 3&2 winning the 16th. The US team avoided a morning session whitewash by gaining a half point in the top match. Carin Koch and Laura Davies were one up with five to play but Beth Daniel and Kelly Robbins made a birdie at the 15th and the match was halved.
Afternoon fourball.
The afternoon fourball matches saw a fightback from the US team. Only Suzann Pettersen and the four months pregnant Patricia Meunier-Lebouc won a point for the Europeans beating US rookie Angela Stanford and veteran Meg Mallon. Juli Inkster and Beth Daniel, at 48 the oldest ever Solheim Cup player, came back from 1 down with three to play to win 1up on the 18th against Annika Sörenstam and Carin Koch thus ending Koch's unbeaten record. Kelli Kuehne and Cristie Kerr won the top match against Laura Davies and Catriona Matthew, whilst Michele Redman and Rosie Jones came from behind with Redman chipping in from off the green on 14.
Day two.
"Saturday, 13 September 2003"
Morning foursomes.
Europe won three out of a potential four points in the morning foursomes to extend their lead. The big hitting Scandinavian pairing of Suzann Pettersen and Sophie Gustafson kicked things off with a 3&1 win over previous day winners Cristie Kerr and Kelli Kuehne. The second match saw two European rookies, Iben Tinning and Elisabeth Esterl, the first German to play in the Solheim Cup, taking on US rookie Angela Stanford and veteran Michele Redman. This match was always close and Tinning had to hole a testy 4 footer on 18 to gain a half.
Annika Sörenstam and Carin Koch returned to winning ways beating Wendy Ward and Heather Bowie. They won three holes around the turn and parred the 16th hole to win 3&2. The bottom match was also very close and ended in a half when neither team could make a birdie.
Afternoon fourball.
The afternoon fourballs started encouragingly for the US team. The European rookie pairing, playing their first match of the week, Ana-Belen Sánchez and Mhairi McKay were well beaten 5&4 by the veteran US combination of Beth Daniel and Juli Inkster. The US won match two as well, Kelli Kuehne and Cristie Kerr teaming up once more to beat Laura Davies and Sophie Gustafson 2&1 winning both the 16th and 17th holes. The Scottish pair of Janice Moodie and Catriona Matthew got a point back for Europe. They were 1 up after 11, then won the 12th, 14th and 15th to win 4&3.
The final match of the day had a spectacular finish. Laura Diaz and Kelly Robbins had a tap in birdie on the 17th hole only for Annika Sörenstam to halve the hole with a 20 foot putt from the fringe of the green. On 18, Diaz had a six foot putt for birdie but missed. Pettersen's birdie putt from ten feet did not miss and Europe had a three point lead going into the final day singles.
Day three.
"Sunday, 14 September 2003"
Singles.
Janice Moodie led off for Europe taking a four hole lead after seven holes, eventually beating Kelli Kuehne 3&2. Juli Inkster got the first point of the day for the US team comprehensively beating Carin Koch. Sophie Gustafson beat Heather Bowie 5&4 to leave Bowie pointless for the week.
Iben Tinning was 3 up at the turn on Wendy Ward and won when Ward mised a par putt on 17. Ana-Belen Sánchez fought hard all day but eventually lost to Michele Redman. Annika Sörenstam was never behind and always in control in her win over Angela Stanford and minutes after she won, Catriona Matthew gained the winning point and the remaining matches were conceded with the winner being whoever was in the lead. The match between Laura Davies and Meg Mallon was level at the time and Davies won because Mallon offered to concede first.

</doc>
<doc id="9710722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710722" title="Sander van Gessel">
Sander van Gessel

Sander Branko van Gessel (born November 4, 1976 in Leidschendam, Zuid-Holland) is a Dutch footballer currently playing for JEF United Ichihara Chiba in the J. League Division 2.
Career.
He started his professional career in the 1995–1996 season playing for FC Groningen. He later served SC Heerenveen, NAC Breda and Sparta Rotterdam.
In summer 2010 he was signed by FC Edmonton in preparation for the club's competitive debut in the 2011 North American Soccer League season. However, van Gessel exercised a contract clause and left Edmonton on January 17, 2011 when JEF United Ichihara Chiba of J. League Division 2 made a more lucrative offer.

</doc>
<doc id="9710740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710740" title="Giorgis Koutsourelis">
Giorgis Koutsourelis

Composer Giorgis Koutsourelis was born at Kissamos, Crete in 1914. He composed "Armenohorianos Syrtos", which was later was recorded by Mikis Theodorakis and was popularly known as "Zorba's dance". He died in Kissamos in June 1994. 

</doc>
<doc id="9710748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710748" title="13070 Seanconnery">
13070 Seanconnery

13070 Seanconnery is an asteroid named after actor Sean Connery. It was discovered in 1991 and named in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9710750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710750" title="Amoureux de Paname">
Amoureux de Paname

Amoureux de Paname is the title by which the unnamed debut album from French singer-songwriter Renaud is commonly known. It was released in 1975 by Polydor Records, and while not a commercial success, anti-bourgeoisie songs like "Hexagone" caused considerable public interest and provided Renaud a springboard to his future success.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Renaud Séchan except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9710753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710753" title="RMS Campania">
RMS Campania

RMS "Campania" was a British ocean liner owned by the Cunard Steamship Line Shipping Company, built by Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company of Govan, Scotland, and launched on Thursday, 8 September 1892. 
Identical in dimensions and specifications to her sister ship , "Campania" was the largest and fastest passenger liner afloat when she entered service in 1893. She crossed the Atlantic in less than six days; and on her second voyage in 1893, she won the prestigious Blue Riband, previously held by the Inman Liner . The following year, "Lucania" won the Blue Riband and kept the title until 1898 - "Campania" being the marginally slower of the two sisters.
Power plant and construction.
"Campania" and "Lucania" were partly financed by the Admiralty. The deal was that Cunard would receive money from the Government in return for constructing vessels to admiralty specifications and also on condition that the vessels go on the naval reserve list to serve as armed merchant cruisers when required by the government. The contracts were awarded to the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, which at the time was one of Britain’s biggest producers of warships. Plans were soon drawn up for a large, twin-screw steamer powered by triple expansion engines, and construction began in 1891, just 43 days after Cunards' order. 
"Campania" and "Lucania" had the largest triple expansion engines ever fitted to a Cunard ship. These engines were also the largest in the world at the time, and still rank today amongst the largest of the type ever constructed. They represent the limits of development for this kind of technology, which was superseded a few years later by turbine technology. In height, the engines were 47 feet, reaching from the double-bottom floor of the engine room almost to the top of the superstructure - over five decks. Each engine had five cylinders. There were two high pressure cylinders, each measuring in diameter; one intermediate pressure cylinder measuring in diameter; and two low pressure cylinders, each measuring in diameter. They operated with a stoke of . Steam was raised from 12 double-end scotch boilers, each measuring in diameter and having eight furnaces. There was also one single-ended boiler for auxiliary machinery and one, smaller donkey boiler. Boiler pressure was 165 lbs, and enabled the engines to produce , which translated to an average speed of , and a record speed of 23½ knots. Normal operating speed for the engines was about 79 rpm.
Each engine was located in a separate watertight engine compartment. In the case of a hull breach in that area, only one engine room would then be flooded, and the ship would still have use of the adjacent engine. In addition to this, "Campania" had 16 transverse water-tight compartments with water-tight doors that could be manually closed on command from the telegraph on the bridge. She could remain afloat with any two compartments flooded.
During "Campania's" first trips across the Atlantic, hull vibration was noted to be a problem and sea-spray had been a nuisance to passengers in heavy seas. This led to design modifications being made to "Lucania", which was still under construction. The modifications to "Lucania" proved to be successful, so Cunard decided to make similar modifications to "Campania". "Campania" was returned to the builder's yard and her aft section was strengthened to reduce the vibration. Also, her promenade deck was extended over the forward and aft well-decks. The sides of the well-decks were fully enclosed by plating which extended some way along the lower promenade. While the aft well deck was left open from above, the forward well deck and gangway over it were dispensed with completely. The new forward design would be echoed 14 years later in the design of the "Lusitania" and "Mauretania".
Passenger accommodation.
In their day, "Campania" and her sister offered the most luxurious first-class passenger accommodation available. According to martime historian Basil Greenhill, in his book "Merchant Steamships", the interiors of "Campania and Lucania" represented Victorian opulence at its peak — an expression of a highly confident and prosperous age that would never be quite repeated on any other ship. Greenhill remarked that later vessels' interiors degenerated into "grandiose vulgarity, the classical syntax debased to mere jargon".
All the first-class public rooms, and the en-suite staterooms of the upper deck, were generally heavily panelled, in oak, satinwood or mahogany; and thickly carpeted. Velvet curtains hung aside the windows and portholes, while the furniture was richly upholstered in matching design. The predominant style was Art Nouveau, although other styles were also in use, such as "French Renaissance" which was applied to the forward first-class entrance hall, whilst the 1st class smoking room was in "Elizabethan style", comprising heavy oak panels surrounding the first open fireplace ever to be used aboard a passenger liner.
Perhaps the finest room in the vessels was the first class dining saloon, over 10' (3.05 m) high and measuring 98' (30 m) long by 63' (19.2 m) wide. Over the central part of this room was a well that rose through three decks to a skylight. It was done in a style described as "modified Italian style", with the a coffered ceiling in white and gold, supported by ionic pillars. The panelled walls were done in Spanish mahogany, inlaid with ivory and richly carved with pilasters and decorations.
Wireless history.
In 1901, her sister "Lucania" became the first Cunard liner to be fitted with a Marconi wireless system, followed a few months later by "Campania".
Shortly after these installations, the two ships made history by exchanging the first wireless-transmitted ice bulletin. "Campania" earned one more distinction in the history of wireless communication in 1905, when she became the first liner to have permanent radio connection to coastal stations around the world. From that time on, a ship crossing the Atlantic would never be isolated from the rest of the world in the same way again.
Final days.
"Campania" and "Lucania" served as Cunard's major passenger liners for 14 years, during which time they were superseded in both speed and size by a succession of four-funnelled German liners, starting with the in 1897, which sparked off a battle between nations to create the largest most powerful liners such as the "Kaiser" and "Olympic"-class ocean liners. The German competition necessitated the construction of replacements for the two Cunarders, which came to fruition in 1907 with the appearance of the and . 
With the appearance of a third Cunard giant in 1914, , "Campania" was no longer required. Her last planned voyage for Cunard was her 250th, and commenced on April 25, 1914. On her return to Liverpool, she was chartered to the Anchor Line to do voyages from Glasgow to New York. However, the First World War broke out and "Aquitania", having completed only three voyages, was immediately commandeered by the Navy and converted into a fully armed merchant cruiser. "Campania" was therefore recalled to take her place but unfortunately, she was too old and managed only three voyages before being sold for scrap. Her last voyage as a passenger liner was on 26 September 1914. However, "Campania" was to have a last-minute reprieve.
HMS "Campania".
Whilst awaiting demolition, the Admiralty stepped in at the last minute and bought "Campania" with a view of converting her to an armed merchant cruiser that could carry seaplanes. The original idea was to use float-planes which would be lowered into and retrieved from the water by a crane. The conversion was carried out at the Cammell Laird shipyard in Birkenhead. Her interior was completely gutted, and room made inside to store up to 14 aircraft. She was also equipped with eight 4.7" guns.
The conversion was completed in 1915, and trials took place under Captain Oliver Swan of the Royal Navy, with Charles H. Lightoller as the first Officer (formerly second officer of Titanic). Two weeks later she joined the fleet at Scapa Flow as , and subsequently began manoeuvres in the North Sea. Her job was to send aeroplanes ahead to scout for the German fleet. 
After a short period, it was decided to add flight deck at the front of the ship, to enable aircraft to take off directly from the ship without being lowered into the water. Trials following this conversion indicated that the deck was too short, so it was extended to . The alterations required the removal of the forward part of the superstructure, and the first funnel (which was replaced by two narrower funnels on each side). The aft deck was cleared and the aft mast removed, so that she could also serve as an Observation Balloon Ship. "Campania" now bore little resemblance to her original configuration.
HMS "Campania" served with the Admiralty right up until 5 November 1918—just six days before the armistice was signed, when she was involved in an accident in the Firth of Forth during high winds. "Campania" dragged her anchor in a sudden squall, and at 03:45 struck the bow of the battleship and then dragged along the side of the battle cruiser . She began to sink stern first. A few hours later an explosion—presumed to be a boiler—sent her to the bottom.
Because of the shallowness of the water, she was considered a danger to shipping and large charges were placed on the decks to demolish her. By 1921 the wreck had been reduced to a safe clearance depth. Further to this destruction it is reported that salvage of valuable metals took place on the wreck, possibly during the late 1940s and the 1960s.
Despite this damage, the wreck site today is classified as being of historical importance and came under the jurisdiction of the Protection of Wrecks Act in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9710761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710761" title="Grantsmanship">
Grantsmanship

Grantsmanship is the art of acquiring peer-reviewed research funding
Grants provide money and other resources to aid and assist organizations in funding and completing projects that benefit the public. Agencies and governments offer the opportunity to receive funding for specific types of studies and research each year to individuals, public agencies, schools, non-profit organizations, and corporations. A complex and all-encompassing application must be completed in order for an organization to be considered to receive the grant money. The person who writes the grant is called the grant writer. It is his or her responsibility to complete all the components of the application process and submit the application to the funding agency on time.
Myths.
It is possible that some individuals and organizations may abstain from applying for grants because they believe, e.g., that there is no money to be had, that all available money goes to large, well-known organizations or companies, or that the grants are always given based on the need of the applicant; this may not necessarily be true, however, and it may be of greater importance that the application is well-written.
Developing a project.
Writing a successful grant proposal is a long process that begins with an idea. This idea should be one that will add to the understanding and knowledge of science, medicine, social issues, or other areas that will benefit the common good of society. The writer must spend time considering and conceptualizing how he or she will complete the desired project or program. In order to help the writer visualize the big picture, drawing a plan or flow chart can be helpful.
After an idea is conceived, it is time to begin the process of creating the grant proposal. “Successful proposal writing involves the coordination of several activities including planning, searching for data and resources, writing and packaging a proposal, submitting the proposal to a funder, and follow-up.”
Mission and goals.
“Funders don’t give you money because an organization needs it; they give money because the organization can help them carry out their mission." A project wishing to receive funding must have goals and objectives that align with the funding source. Immediately after an idea is conceptualized, it is important to clarify the purpose of the project by writing a concise mission statement. Write out the project goals to achieve the mission and then the objectives that are specific activities that will lead to the accomplishment of the goals.
Significance.
The significance of projects seeking funding can be divided into four categories: theoretical, methodological, applied, or social. A theoretical project contributes to basic knowledge and helps refine current theories in a particular area or proposes a new theory. A methodological project involves the use of new and innovative methods or improvement of existing methods. A project with an applied significance provides answers to real-world problems. Projects that provide society with something useful and valuable have social significance.
Searching for grants.
When the idea has been developed into a proposal with goals and objectives, the writer must find the right grant. Resources to assist in finding grants are abundant. In some cases, online searches may help. Individuals and organizations in the United States may be able to apply for federal grants. In the U.S., a person seeking grant funding can also contact the Foundation Center Cooperating Collection which maintains a core collection of print and electronic directories of national grant funders.
Depending on the type of project there may be several possible sources for grants, and different funding agencies have different requirements and expectations.
Program officer.
In some countries, grant funding agencies may have a program officer who helps organizations and individuals applying for a grant, and who can provide information regarding deadlines, budgetary requirements, and preferences. The officer may be able to offer suggestions, criticism, and advice, or technical assistance including draft reviews.
Successful grant proposals.
Approved proposals are public documents which may be used as indicators of what the funding agency in question is looking for in a grant application. Some major agencies list recent grant recipients and titles of proposals online. In the United States, a grant writer may request copies from the funding agency using the Freedom of Information Act.
Collaboration.
Many grant writers find that collaborating with other professionals when working on a grant proposal can be advantageous because it combines ideas, resources, and abilities. In order for collaboration to be a help rather than a hindrance to the process, it is important to be certain that the people working together have the same work habits to develop clarity and focus and identify gaps in thinking and planning. Qualified experts and interested individuals familiar with the organization and its projects will add quality to the committee, but the grant writer is the key person in the group. The writer will lead, inspire and coordinate the activities and responsibilities of the committee members.
Parts of the proposal.
There are several components included in all grant proposals. An abstract, narrative, literature review and/or data, and methodology are included in all proposals. Some grant funders require more information in a proposal. Many funding agencies now require that applicants include an evaluation plan that shows how the grant recipient will determine if the project is successful or not. Additional information that might be required is data analysis, time tables, letters of support, or plans for dissemination.
Title Page.
The title page creates the first impression for reviewers. Some funding may have specific requirements for a title page. Typically the title page will include the project title, the institution’s name and the date.
Abstract.
The abstract is the most read section of the proposal. The abstract is usually 200-300 words and summarizes all parts of the grant application including key elements such as the general purpose, specific goals, research designs, methods of evaluation, contribution rationale, and the potential impact of project. It should serve as an accurate description of the proposal when it stands alone.
Narrative.
The narrative is a longer and more detailed explanation of the project. It contains the statement of need and documents the credibility of the applicant's ability to successfully undertake the project and reach the anticipated goals. 
Literature review.
In the literature review section, the writer will show that he or she has done the necessary research to show that the proposed work will fit into what has already been done in the field. The literature review will show through data that he or she has gathered that the grant will address theoretical, research-based or social issues. This section should include critical evaluation of the literature, show more than one side, and indicate how his or her project is relevant to future research.
Research data.
Depending on the type of proposal being submitted, research data that has already been conducted can help prove the relevance and need for new research. Historical data, statistical analysis, graphs and figures, and long term projections can aid in justifying the agency’s funding of the project.
Methodology.
The methodology is the plan that will be used to accomplish the aims of the project. In this section the writer will explain the specific processes and activities that will be used to conduct research or address social issues. Descriptive, historical, and some theoretical projects greatly depend on methodology just as experimental studies do.
In this section, the writer will also describe the sample of participants for the project and tell how he or she will gain access to these participants. He will explain the procedures and processes from the participants’ perspective. If there are multiple groups of participants in a research project, the writer will discuss how cross contamination will be prevented.
Potential difficulties and limitations of the proposed procedure should also be discussed. 
The method of data analysis is identified in this section. The writer will show a clear plan of the way the collected data will be analyzed so that a reviewer will have an accurate picture of the entire project. This section is where the writer will prove to the reviewers that the methods being used are the most appropriate for the project and why other methods were not chosen.
Program evaluation.
In some types of applications, a program evaluation may be required. This is different from data analysis in the methodology section. This form of analysis evaluates the stated plan of action, the indicators, and specific measurements for assessing the project's progress toward achievement of the anticipated goals. The evaluation plan should include a formative evaluation to inform the effectiveness of various activities of the project and a summative evaluation to assess the impact and significance of the project on the target audience. The evaluation plan will address the success of the results that can be attributed to the project. 
Dissemination of information.
The dissemination of information is the way in which the organization plans to share the information gained or successful results of the project with the academic, scientific and social worlds. Dissemination is an extension beyond the scientific exercise which makes an impact on the world.
A well-positioned proposal can show how the project can be integrated with service and teaching in course-based and field-based studies. The plan should reflect that the dissemination efforts will be tailored to a target audience and help develop an ongoing, productive relationship with groups dealing with the very problems that the proposed study or project will explore. Proposals that move the latest findings out of the experimental setting into the classroom, home, or community are more likely to be awarded funding than those that will take longer to show desired results.
Some suggested mechanisms for dissemination are websites, publications, presentations at conferences, training and education, and/or public outreach through museums or libraries. 
Budget.
The budget is usually considered last after the merits of the proposal have been decided. This does not mean that it is less important than the other parts of the proposal.
The budget spells out project costs and shows in a spreadsheet or a table detailed line items. The most important parts of the project will be allocated the most money. A project budget may include costs for personnel, equipment, rental of office or laboratory space, and research or conference trips.
Appendices.
An appendix includes supplementary data or information to give more in-depth analysis or clarification. Some items included in an appendix are time tables, work plans, schedules, activities, methodologies, legal paperwork, and letters of support or endorsements from the community.
Writing and revising the proposal.
When writing the first draft using his or her conceptual outline and notes, the grant writer will combine all of the information and clearly explain the project. He or she will make the proposal easy for the reviewers to identify what they are reading by labeling sections. The draft should be clearly organized and flow so that the reader is guided through the steps of the project. The writer should relate each program goal to the goal of the grant funding agency so the reviewers can see the relevance of the project and how it will help the agency fulfill its mission statement. He or she should make an effort to predict the questions that reviewers may have and answer them in the text. Try not to interrupt writing the content of the proposal by editing; this will come later.
When the first draft is finished, the writer will compare it to the checklist made in the planning stages. Set aside the proposal for 24–48 hours and return to it with “new eyes.” Upon returning to the draft, the writer should read as a reviewer and try to identify gaps and areas that are unclear or confusing. Mark these sections and make notations but don’t edit at this point.
Next, the grant writer should ask for feedback from several readers. A variety of readers such as specialists in the research areas or non-specialist colleagues will provide a more complete review of the proposal. Seek out specialized readers in areas such as the budget or methodology sections to ensure that they are accurate and clear. Give the reader a copy of the grant requirements and the evaluation criteria. Ask the readers to carefully consider whether he or she has made clear connections between the research objectives and methodology. It may be painful for the grant writer to have “brutal” comments made about the draft because he or she is too close at this point to be objective, but the readers need to be completely honest. As difficult as this may be to accept, it is better that colleagues make these criticisms rather than the review board.
Once the first drafts are reviewed and returned, study the comments that have been made. It may be difficult for the grant writer to accept some of the criticism, but the notations and comments made by colleagues should be given attention. One way of determining if the comments are valid is to have a colleague who is uninvolved with the project read the comments and give his or her opinion. The writer must recognize that composing is a recursive process, even for the best of writers; and to create the best document, change is always necessary. Ultimately the grant writer must make the final decision about whether to make the suggested changes. He or she is the person who must be satisfied and comfortable with the final draft that will be submitted.
When revising the first draft, correct errors, clarify sections that are unclear, strengthen weaknesses, and add additional information within the proposal or in an appendix when necessary. One of the most important aspects of the revision is to make sure that the sections of the proposal are cohesive. When the second draft is complete, a final review by another colleague is always a good idea.
Suggestions for specific types of proposals.
If the proposal is experimental and focuses on new research, it probably consists of a complex series of experiments. After explaining each experiment, restate the point of completing this activity and how it relates to the main purpose of the study. At the end of the methodology section, it is import for the writer to summarize how all of the experiments converge to reach the expected outcome of the project.
In a sociolinguistic or theoretical project, the reviewers should be given information about the people who will be interviewed. It is important that they understand how the elicitation procedures will be adequate to obtain the varied population of participants needed for the study. The grant writer needs to explain why the population or database is the right one to work with and how it is capable of providing the kinds of data needed to address the issues of the project. The grant writer should provide samples of data already obtained if possible. Research that will be based on field work will need to be explained carefully for the reviewers to have a clear picture the work that will be completed. They should know that the participants conducting the field work are aware of the conditions they will be working in and are prepared to cope with the elements of the environment.
If the project is exploratory or descriptive work, the grant writer should explain the intrinsic value of doing this kind of research and the theoretical relevance. For a proposal aimed at creating a descriptive grammar or dictionary, the grant writer should explain why this document would be significant to the field being studied, the method of organization to be used, the potential users, and how the new book will be better than existing ones.
Steps after funding decisions are made.
After the grant proposal is submitted, the decision making process may take several months. The only thing that is certain is that there are only two end results—funding or rejection. Regardless of the outcome, there are steps that remain in the grant writing process.
Receiving the grant.
As soon as a grant writer is aware that the project has been funded, he or she needs to write a letter of appreciation acknowledging the award. The simplest way that organizations and grant writers are notified that they have received the grant funding is by receiving a cover letter and check by mail. However, many funding agencies require much more. Some agencies require that a contract is agreed upon and returned with the appropriate signatures before the organization can be awarded the grant money. A major part of most of these contracts is a stipulation that a pre-determined number of reports are submitted to the funding agency. If a contract is required, the grant writer should read it carefully and make notes of any requirements or reports that are required. If reports are requested, make sure that they are submitted on time. If a problem arises and the report will be late, the grant writer should be sure to send a written notification and call to make the funder aware of this.
If there is an opportunity for a grant to be renewed, the organization should immediately begin collecting artifacts that show the quality of work being completed and achieved during each step of the project. Another important factor after receiving funding is to remain flexible. Funders might ask for adjustments in methods, evaluation or budget. The organization must be willing to alter or modify activities, evaluation or time lines when asked to by the funding agency. Being flexible and willing to work cooperatively with the funding agency are key components in developing positive relationship with the grant funder. This could put the organization and the grant writer in a favorable position for future opportunities between the grant recipient and the funding agency.
Rejection.
Rejection is never easy to accept, but it is a reality that only a few of the grant proposals will be funded each cycle. If the grant writer does not hear about the outcome of the grant reviews, it may be necessary to contact the funding agency. Not all agencies notify applicants who were not awarded a grant. Follow-up is important, and a positive phone call is an appropriate way of making contact. When talking to the program officer, the grant writer must avoid feeling angry or combative. The decisions made by the review board were not personal; they were based on how well the goals and expected outcomes of each proposal aligned with the mission of the funding agency. The writer should try to make the call positive and try to determine whether it would be advantageous to reapply in the future.
The next step in the follow-up process is to request copies of the reviewers’ comments. These are not sent automatically. It is essential for the grant writer to know why the project was rejected. After reading the comments, the writer may realize that the rejection had very little to do with quality of the proposal. The funding agency may have been flooded with applications; and, although they liked the proposal and saw the significance and relevance, they simply ran out of money. Another cause of rejection could be a small point of confusion that the grant writer can easily resolve and resubmit the proposal in the next cycle.
These are the best circumstances in which to accept rejection, but most often the rejection is more difficult to overcome because it is due to a lack of merit or the quality of the grant application. It may be hard for the grant writer to read negative comments about a proposal that he or she spent so much time and energy to develop and compose. For some writers it may take a cooling off period before he or she is ready to read the negative comments, and this is an appropriate, positive way to handle the rejection.
As tempting as it may be for the grant writer to dismiss the comments of the reviewers, it is in the best interest of the organization to address the suggestions and criticism made about the proposal. The grant writer needs to read and evaluate the reviewers' comments as objectively as possible. After considering the comments about the proposal, he or she should reconsider the alignment of the project goals and the funding agency's mission. If the writer recognizes an incongruity of the goals, his or her time will be better spent finding a new grant to apply for. However, if the grant writer still feels that the goals correspond, he or she needs to determine why the proposal did not work, make necessary changes, resubmit the proposal at the next cycle.
The grant writer must understand that rejection does not mean that a proposal should be abandoned. It can be revived and revised and resubmitted. Many grant proposal applications are only successful on the second or third submission.
The only time a grant writer can be certain that the grant will not receive funding is when the proposal is not submitted.
If the grant writer feels that it is worthwhile to resubmit the proposal in the future, he or she must determine the components of the grant application that need improvement. One way to determine these areas is to have a colleague who is not involved with the project evaluate the reviewers' comments and assess their validity. His or her assessment of the criticisms will assist in developing the proposal in the future. Looking at the criticism through someone else's eyes will help the grant writer become more objective.
The grant writer needs to determine the areas of the proposal are weak, confusing, or unsupported. Does the narrative fail to establish the alignment of the goals of the proposal and the funding agency? Does the literature review not show how the project is relevant to the field of study? Does the methodology need to be redesigned? Is the evaluation plan inadequate to determine if the expected goals were met? Is the budget unrealistic? It is imperative that the grant writer meticulously examine the proposal and identify the areas that need to be improved, modified, or eliminated. This will allow him or her to create a document that better communicates the merits of the proposal and how it can contribute to the funding agency's mission.
Final comments.
Experience is probably the one thing that most improves the grant writer’s ability to compose successful grant proposals. The writing process itself provides valuable skills and training that will benefit the writer and the organization for which he or she works. Getting involved in academic and research projects will also enhance grant writing skills. Quality grant writing workshops can be helpful in developing grant writing proficiency. With continuous cultivation, preparation, and determination, a grant writer can increasingly improve the odds that his or her future grant writing endeavors will be funded.
As a grant writer is engaged in developing his or her grant proposal, he or she must remain centered on what the reviewers will focus when they read and evaluate proposals. The reviewers are “forced to look past the idea itself for evidence of how likely it is that the project will produce an outcome that has merit in itself or could lead to future development or change” and how it will help the funding agency reach its goals and support its mission. Grant writing is a long, tedious and painstaking process; but, in the end, the reward of receiving the grant will make all the labor worthwhile for the grant writer and his or her organization.

</doc>
<doc id="9710775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710775" title="1937 in Northern Ireland">
1937 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9710780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710780" title="Edouard Lippé">
Edouard Lippé

Edouard Lippé (Pennsylvania, USA, May 24, 1884 – 1956) also frequently spelt Eduardo Lippe. American composer, baritone and singing teacher. His major title to fame nowadays rests on the fact that he was baritone Nelson Eddy's first and principal teacher, apparently even financing his pupil's finishing studies in Paris and Dresden. Lippé followed Eddy to Hollywood, where he appeared in the small role of the Landlord in the 1935 film version of Victor Herbert's "Naughty Marietta". He was also the singing teacher of Todd Duncan, George Gershwin's personal choice for Porgy at the world première of "Porgy and Bess", and one of the first African-American opera singers of renown. Dr. Lippe, as he was also known, also gave lessons to another lesser known but gifted young singer by the name of Victor Marchese who went on to record with MGM records - see Flamingo. Lippé wrote many songs, including a particularly graceful setting of Elizabeth Barrett Browning's "How Do I Love Thee?" included by Arleen Augér in a 1986 recital of love songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9710783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710783" title="Michael Foote">
Michael Foote

Michael J. Foote (born 1963) is a paleontologist and co-author, with Arnold I. Miller, of "Principles of Paleontology" (2006).
He was awarded the Charles Schuchert Award of the Paleontological Society in 2001. He is currently on the faculty at the University of Chicago, where he is chairman of the Department of the Geophysical Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9710817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710817" title="Trofeo Laigueglia">
Trofeo Laigueglia

The Trofeo Laigueglia is an early season road bicycle race held annually in Liguria, Italy. Since 2005, the race has been organised as a 1.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour. It is held about ten days after the opening to the Italian season, the Gran Premio della Costa Etruschi.

</doc>
<doc id="9710818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710818" title="Kees Zwamborn">
Kees Zwamborn

Kees Zwamborn (born 28 March 1952 in Alblasserdam, South Holland) is a former football (soccer) defender from the Netherlands.
From 1978 to 1985 Zwamborn played both in the Dutch Eredivisie and Eerste divisie as well as in the German Bundesliga and NAC Breda. After his playing career he was employed in managing roles by Feyenoord Rotterdam, FC Den Bosch, NAC Breda, Willem II Tilburg, an academy director at Sunderland A.F.C. between 2003–2004 and Ajax. In 2010 he became the manager of the Suriname national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9710821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710821" title="Moritz Thausing">
Moritz Thausing

Moritz Thausing (3 June 1838 – 11 August 1884) was an Austrian art historian, and counts among the founders of the Vienna School of Art History.
Life.
The son of a palace official in Schloß Tschischkowitz (modern Čížkovice, in the region of Litoměřice; then in the Kingdom of Bohemia), Thausing began his academic career as a student of German literature and history. He studied first in Prague, and in 1858 went to Vienna, where he studied at the Österreichische Institut für Geschichtsforschung (Austrian Institute for Historical Research). There he came into contact with Rudolf Eitelberger, who since 1852 had held the first chair in art history at the University of Vienna. Under his influence Thausing began to study the history of art. In 1862 he received an appointment as a library assistant at the Akademie der bildenden Künste, where he also gave general lectures on world and cultural history. In 1864 Eitelberger secured a position for him with the print collection of the Albertina, which he would direct beginning in 1868, although he received the formal title of Director only in 1876. 
In 1871 Thausing was an active participant in the so-called "Holbein convention" in Dresden, at which a number of prominent art historians convened to determine which of two versions of Hans Holbein the Younger's Meyer Madonna was the original work.
In 1873, once again due to the advocacy of Eitelberger, Thausing was appointed as a professor "extraordinarius" for art history at the University, and became "ordinarius" in 1879. A progressive mental illness overshadowed his final years. His health declined dramatically after he became interim director of the newly founded "Istituto Austriaco di studi storici" in Rome. Following a temporary commitment to a mental hospital, he died during a vacation in his homeland through drowning (probably intentional) in the Elbe near Litoměřice.
Legacy.
In methodological hindsight, Thausing played a decisive role in the development of art history as an autonomous discipline. Although his mentor, Eitelberger, had already sought to lend historica research and the aesthetic appreciation of art equal weight, Thausing sought the complete separation of art history from aesthetics. The task of the art historian was, for him, solely the establishment of facts regarding any given work, and not aesthetic judgment. In this regard he was profoundly influenced by the so-called "experimental method" of the Italian scientist and connoisseur Giovanni Morelli, whom he honored as his "fratello in Raffaele" ("brother in Raphael"). Morelli had developed a meticulous procedure, through which he claimed to be able to determine the painter of a work through analysis of physiognomic details. Although this procedure was somewhat inaccessible, it represented a first step toward the comparative stylistic analyses that would serve as a foundation for modern art history. The transition from Morellian connoisseurship to stylistic analysis was conclusively effected by Thausing's students, and in particular by Alois Riegl and Franz Wickhoff, the most important representatives of the Vienna School of art history.
Sources.
This entry is substantially based on the comparable entry in the German Wikipedia.

</doc>
<doc id="9710828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710828" title="Ivor Bell">
Ivor Bell

Ivor Malachy Bell is a Protestant Irish republican, and a former volunteer in the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) who later became Chief of Staff on the Army Council.
IRA career.
Bell was involved with the Irish Republican Army during the 1956–1962 campaign, but left over the decision to call a cease-fire. He rejoined the republican movement in 1970, and become the commander of the Kashmir Road based B Company of the Provisional IRA Belfast Brigade. During Gerry Adams' initial career in the republican movement he took much of his direction from Brendan Hughes and Bell. At this time Bell was Adams' adjutant in the Second Battalion of the Belfast Brigade. Hughes was the commander of the D Coy. Adams looked to Bell for political strategy and to Hughes for the opinion of the "rank and file" volunteers.
In 1972, Bell, now Belfast Brigade adjutant, along with Seamus Twomey, Martin McGuinness, and Gerry Adams were flown to London by the Royal Air Force for secret ceasefire talks with British government ministers. Adams and Bell were sceptical about the proposed cease-fire and did not trust the British government. The truce soon broke down, followed by twenty deaths over three days. 
Escape from Long Kesh.
In February 1974, Bell was arrested on information provided by supergrass Eamon Molloy. He was placed in Cage 11 at Long Kesh along with Brendan Hughes and Gerry Adams. Fellow internees had nicknamed it the 'General's Cage' because of the number of senior republicans held there.
On 15 April 1974, Bell escaped when he swapped places with a visitor and walked out of the prison. He was recaptured two weeks later at a flat in the affluent Malone Road area of south Belfast after Molloy had informed the security services of his whereabouts.
Chief of Staff.
In 1982, Martin McGuinness quit as Chief of Staff and Bell took over his position. Bell was arrested, on evidence provided by another supergrass, Robert "Beano" Lean, in 1983. In line with IRA rules, contained within the Green Book, Bell lost his position as Chief of Staff which was then taken by Kevin McKenna from the Tyrone Brigade.
Upon release Bell, and fellow prisoner Edward Carmichael, stated that they had both been offered immunity if they would incriminate Sinn Féin elected representatives Danny Morrison, Gerry Adams and Martin McGuinness. Carmichael had been offered £300,000 and Bell stated that he was told he could "name my own figure".
Libyan connection.
On release from prison in 1983, Bell was reappointed to the Army Council but did not regain his position as Chief of Staff. Much of his influence had been eroded.
Bell was the IRA's representative to Libya during the late 1970s and the early 1980s. Libya and the IRA had a common enemy, the British government. British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher was heavily criticised in Libya for allowing US planes to take off from British air bases for raids on Libya in which more than seventy people were killed.
In late 1984 and early 1985 the Libyan Intelligence Service moved to put in place a supply of arms to the IRA in order that they could more effectively fight the British Army, and Bell and Joe Cahill were instrumental in putting in place the Libyan arms smuggling plan.
Court martial.
In 1984, Bell openly opposed Adams' proposal to increase spending on election campaigns instead of the war against Britain.
Bell was a hard-line militarist who opposed the use of funds by Sinn Féin and resented moves to end abstentionism. Bell emerged as the head of a group, which included senior figures like Danny McCann. In the end, a court martial in June 1985 dismissed Bell from the IRA.
2014 arrest and charge.
Bell was arrested by the Police Service of Northern Ireland on 18 March 2014 for questioning in relation to the abduction and murder of Jean McConville in 1972.
Bell, aged 77, has been charged with aiding and abetting murder and membership of the IRA. He appeared in court on 22 March 2014 and was initially refused bail, though it was granted on the 26th of March.
The Charges arise from the Boston College Tapes that led the U.S Justice Department acting on behalf of the U.K Government to issue a subpoena to Boston College for the tapes and transcripts of the Belfast Project.

</doc>
<doc id="9710832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710832" title="1936 in Northern Ireland">
1936 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9710833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710833" title="Gai dimanche">
Gai dimanche

"Gai dimanche" is a 1935 three reel film written by and starring Jacques Tati and his friend Rhum. The pair star as down-and-outs (very much their situation in reality at the time) who try to generate funds by providing an impromptu leisure tour in a rickety bus they wrangle use of for free. Released in 1935 and rarely seen today, the film offers brief glimpses and hints towards methods Tati would begin to perfect on the big screen a decade later.

</doc>
<doc id="9710836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710836" title="Llanbethery">
Llanbethery

Llanbethery () is a small village in the Vale of Glamorgan, south Wales. It is part of the community of Llancarfan.
Llanbethery was once served by Llanbethery Platform railway station. This opened in 1905 and closed in 1920.
Location.
It is located between Barry and Llanblethian to the west of Cardiff, near Cardiff Wales International Airport.
Notes.
C. Chapman (1985) The Cowbridge Railway. Oxford Publishing Company. pg 97

</doc>
<doc id="9710874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710874" title="Michael Higdon">
Michael Higdon

Michael Higdon (born 2 September 1983) is an English association football player who plays as a striker for N.E.C..
Born in Liverpool, England, he is known for his physical strength and his powerful shots.
Playing career.
Crewe Alexandra.
Higdon progressed from the Crewe Alexandra youth team into their first team in 2003. He was originally used as a midfielder, but due to his height and physical presence, he was converted into a striker by manager Dario Gradi. Higdon's most famous moment for Crewe came against Coventry City in the last game of the 2004–05 season where he scored the winning goal to keep Crewe Alexandra in the Championship.
Falkirk.
Higdon joined Scottish Premier League club Falkirk in June 2007 on a free transfer. He had been offered a contract by Crewe, but chose to turn the offer down as he felt he was unlikely to get into the team ahead of Luke Varney and Nicky Maynard. He scored twice on his Falkirk debut against Gretna.
In the final SPL game of 2008–2009 for Falkirk, Higdon scored the winning goal to save Falkirk from relegation and thus relegating Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
St Mirren.
Higdon joined St Mirren on 24 June 2009 and scored his first goal for St. Mirren against Ayr United in the Co-Operative Insurance Cup . On 12 December 2009, he scored a spectacular long-range strike against his former club, Falkirk, much to the delight of the home fans.
Higdon found his scoring boots in the 2010–11 season, scoring his first hat-trick in a 3–1 win over Hamilton Academical on 2 April 2011. In the 2010–2011 season, Higdon notched a total of 15 goals in 33 appearances for St Mirren.
Motherwell.
On 3 June 2011, Higdon left St. Mirren to sign for fellow SPL side Motherwell. He made his debut appearance for Motherwell on 23 July, against Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Fir Park. Higdon scored his first goal for Motherwell in a 4–0 League Cup win over Clyde at Broadwood, and his first league goals in a 4–2 win over Dunfermline Athletic. On 22 February 2012, Higdon scored his first Motherwell hat-trick in a 4–3 win over Hibernian at Fir Park, which included a stunning overhead kick.
Higdon got his first goal of the 2012–13 season at Fir Park in an SPL game where he opened the scoring in a 1–1 draw against former club St Mirren with a well placed goal into the corner with his weak foot. Higdon scored frequently during the 2012–13 season, becoming the top Motherwell goalscorer in a season since the Second World War. He ended the season with 26 league goals in total to finish as the leagues top scorer. He was voted PFA Scotland Players' Player of the Year for the 2012–13 season, but was then arrested on suspicion of assault.
On 27 June 2013, Higdon indicated through his agent that he would not return to Motherwell for pre-season training.
N.E.C. Nijmegen.
2013-14.
On 8 July 2013, Higdon signed a 2-year contract with NEC Nijmegen. NEC technical director, Carlos Aalbers, cited his target-man qualities and his ability "to score goals at the highest level" as reasons for the signing. Higdon made his competitive debut for NEC on the opening day of the league season, in a 4-1 home loss to Groningen. Higdon scored his first goal for NEC, which came from the penalty spot in a 2-2 home draw against RKC Waalwijk. Higdon netted a second equaliser for NEC in a 3-2 home defeat to SVB Vitesse on 29 September. Higdon scored in a 4-3 defeat at Go Ahead Eagles on 5 October. Higdon hit a double in 2-1 home win over Heerenveen on 25 October, and then fired in an early winner in 1-0 defeat of FC Eindhoven in the KNVB Cup on 29 October. Higdon would then go on a run of scoring eight goals in eleven league games, beginning with goals in 1-1 draws with SVB Viteese (away) on 26 January and Go Ahead Eagles (at home) on 2 February. and then scoring the third in 3-1 victory at RKC Waalwijk on 15 February. During his run of eight goals in eleven league games, he next hit four in four league games; 3-3 draw at PEC Zwolle (1 March), 3-1 defeat at Roda JC (8 March), and home ties with FC Utrecht (16 March) and Heerenveen (22 March) that both finished 2-2. And his final goal during this run came in 2-1 home defeat to Heracles Almelo (29 March), despite Higdon opening the scoring.

</doc>
<doc id="9710883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710883" title="My Son the Fanatic (film)">
My Son the Fanatic (film)

My Son the Fanatic is a 1997 British drama film directed by Udayan Prasad. It was written by Hanif Kureishi from his short story "My Son the Fanatic".
Plot.
The plot of the film revolves around Parvez (Om Puri), a Pakistani-born taxi driver and a tolerant, secular Muslim. His life takes an unexpected dark turn when his son Farid converts to fundamentalist Islam, leading to a family breakdown and social conflict.
According to Rachel Donadio, a New York Times writer and editor, the film's theme is encapsulated in a pivotal scene:
One of the most revealing insights into Britain’s recent social history comes early in “My Son the Fanatic,” Hanif Kureishi’s tender and darkly prescient 1997 film. It’s morning in an unnamed city in northern England, and Parvez, a secular Pakistani immigrant taxi driver brilliantly portrayed by Om Puri, watches Farid, his increasingly devout college-age son, sell his electric guitar. “Where is that going?” Parvez asks Farid as the buyer drives off. “You used to love making a terrible noise with these instruments!” Farid, played by Akbar Kurtha, looks at his father with irritation. “You always said there were more important things than ‘Stairway to Heaven,’ ” he says impatiently in his thick northern English accent. “You couldn’t have been more right.”

</doc>
<doc id="9710897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710897" title="Lois Foraker">
Lois Foraker

Lois Foraker is a television, film, and stage actress. She was in the original Broadway cast of "Godspell" in 1976 and played a nurse in "M*A*S*H" for three years.

</doc>
<doc id="9710904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710904" title="KHEN-LP">
KHEN-LP

KHEN-LP (106.9 FM) is a low-power community radio station located in Salida, Colorado, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="9710921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710921" title="Sadayoshi Yamada">
Sadayoshi Yamada

Biography.
A native of Fukuoka prefecture, Yamada graduated from the 42nd class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy in 1914, ranked 5th out of 117 cadets. As a midshipman, he was assigned to the cruisers "Aso" and "Yakumo", and on his commissioning as ensign was assigned to the battleships "Kawachi" and "Asahi". In 1917, he returned to school to study latest naval artillery and submarine warfare techniques, as well as naval aviation. He was then assigned to a fighter squadron in Yokosuka, followed by a posting in 1920 as aircrew on the seaplane carrier "Wakamiya".
As a lieutenant, Yamada was posted as naval attaché to France from 1920–1923, and was a member of the Japanese delegation at the Versailles Peace Treaty negotiations. On his return to Japan, he was again assigned to fighter groups in Yokosuka and in Kasumigaura. He was promoted to lieutenant commander in 1925, and then to commander after graduation from the Naval Staff College.
As commander, Yamada served in various administrative positions within the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff, and was again sent as naval attaché to France from 1935–1937, during his time he participated in the Geneva Disarmament Conference. He was also promoted to captain while overseas. After his return to Japan, he assumed command of the new aircraft carrier "Soryu" in 1939, and the "Kaga" in 1940. He was promoted to rear admiral on 15 October 1941.
Beginning 1 April 1942, he commanded the 25th Air Flotilla (also called the "5th Air Attack Force") at the Japanese base of Rabaul, New Britain. The 25th Air Flotilla under Yamada gave land-based bomber and fighter aircraft support to Operation Mo, the attempted invasion of Port Moresby in May, 1942. Subsequently, the 25th Air Flotilla took heavy losses in attacks on Allied forces during the first two months of the Guadalcanal campaign in the southern Solomon Islands. Yamada was appointed Chief of Staff for the IJN 3rd Fleet from 23 November 1942 until 6 December 1943. From 26 August 1945 until 15 October 1945, he commanded the IJN 3rd Air Fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="9710926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710926" title="Stuart Tomlinson">
Stuart Tomlinson

Stuart Charles Tomlinson (born 22 May 1985) is an English professional wrestler and former football goalkeeper.
He progressed from the Crewe Alexandra youth team to turn professional in 2003. He spent the next six years with the club, spending part of 2004 on loan at Stafford Rangers, and playing once on loan for Burton Albion in 2008. He spent the 2009–10 campaign at Conference club Barrow, where he shared goalkeeping responsibilities with Tim Deasy. He then signed with Port Vale, and was favoured ahead of Chris Martin for the 2010–11 and 2011–12 campaigns, before choosing to leave the club in July 2012. He signed with Burton Albion in September 2012, but retired through injury in July 2013.
In December 2013, Tomlinson began training as a professional wrestler on a developmental contract with WWE.
Playing career.
Crewe Alexandra.
Having graduated through the club's youth academy, Tomlinson made his senior debut for Crewe Alexandra in a Second Division clash with Oldham Athletic on 25 January 2003, replacing Danny Milosevic on 51 minutes after the Australian suffered an injury. He conceded a goal to Chris Armstrong after his view was obscured by a group of players, though Crewe ran out 3–1 winners at Boundary Park. At the end of the season he signed his first professional contract, and Crewe were promoted into the First Division as runners up in the Second Division.
His second game came on 17 March 2004 at the Boleyn Ground; he replaced Clayton Ince after 86 minutes with the score 4–2 to West Ham United, after Ince was stretchered off with a knee injury. The eighteen-year-old held his nerve in front of over 30,000 spectators and no goals were scored in the brief period he was on the pitch. Later in the year he had a loan spell at local non-league side Stafford Rangers.
After recovering from a twisted ankle, Tomlinson's next senior game was at Sincil Bank on 23 August 2005, where he replaced loanee Ben Williams at half-time. Lincoln City knocked the "Railwaymen" out of the League Cup, putting two past Williams and three past Tomlinson for a 5–2 victory. His first start came in the FA Cup Third Round clash at Deepdale on 7 January 2006, the home side coming out 2–1 winners. He played his first Championship game on 28 January, replacing Ross Turnbull at half-time; Watford put two past each men for a 4–1 win. After signing a one-year contract extension in March, Tomlinson got his first league start on 30 April, as Crewe beat Millwall 4–2, Ben May scoring both of the "Lions" goals.
In May 2006, Burton Albion put in a request to sign Tomlinson to a season long loan. The move was delayed after Tomlinson picked up a calf injury, before he managed to join Burton in time for a pre-season friendly with Sheffield Wednesday. However Crewe reconsidered the loan deal and so Nigel Clough instead signed aged veteran Kevin Poole. Clough was still keen to sign Tomlinson, with the saga continuing well into the season, though no deal was made. Tomlinson picked up his first senior clean sheet on 22 August 2006, during a 3–0 win at Grimsby Town's Blundell Park in the League Cup First Round. The Crewe website described a "heroic effort" from Tomlinson in the Football League Trophy tie with Rochdale on 31 October, as he managed to three of Rochdale's four penalties (the penalty he did not save was a miss). Dario Gradi said: "Stuart is outstanding on penalties because he is positive and doesn't flop over". He went on to play seven League One games, and also made one appearance in the FA Cup. However he did not play in the 2007 end of the season, partly due to a torn groin that kept him out of action for a number of weeks. In the summer there was once again talk of a possible loan move to Burton.
He was only used by Steve Holland once throughout the 2007–08 season, playing in a 1–1 draw with Chester City in the Football League Trophy on 4 September; Chester won the game 4–3 on penalties. Not long after this he was on the sidelines with a broken thumb. In February, Tomlinson finally joined Conference club Burton Albion on a one month loan. He played 90 minutes for "Brewers" in a 3–1 defeat to Histon on 1 March, and was forced to make numerous saves. He played no further part of Burton's season after he sustained an injury to his cruciate ligaments.
After six months of rehab he recovered earlier than expected. His 2008–09 season started on 25 November, as Gradi gave him a start at the Walkers Stadium, where Leicester City won 2–1. The next month he played six games, keeping four clean sheets (against Carlisle United, Cheltenham Town, Swindon Town and Millwall). However he attracted criticism from his manager at the end of January following heavy defeats to Northampton Town and Peterborough United, and was subsequently dropped. New manager Gudjon Thordarson told him that he would not be offered a new contract at the end of the season, thus ending Tomlinson's long association with the club.
Barrow.
In July 2009 he joined Port Vale for pre-season training, playing 45 minutes of a pre-season friendly. Micky Adams considered signing Tomlinson up whilst first choice keeper Joe Anyon was out injured. He impressed on his trial and would have been signed to a contract if the cash-strapped club could find the finance, instead Adams considered offering Tomlinson non-contract terms. However, Tomlinson left the club to search for a more permanent offer elsewhere. In August 2009 he joined Barrow of the Conference, just two days before the start of their season. Sharing first team duties with Tim Deasy, he appeared 27 times for Barrow in the 2009–10 campaign. He also won the FA Trophy with the club, appearing in the final at Wembley Stadium, where the "Bluebirds" beat Stevenage Borough 2–1.
Port Vale.
He chose not to renew his Barrow contract at the end of the season, and instead signed a one-year contract at Port Vale in May 2010. Anyon had at by this time left Vale Park for Lincoln City, and Tomlinson was brought into provide competition for teenager Chris Martin. This required him to accept a lower wage than he would have got at Barrow.
Following the return of Micky Adams as Port Vale manager, Tomlinson held on to his first team place at the start of the 2011–12 season, though Martin was used in cup games. Neither Tomlinson or Martin could find the consistency to secure their first team place though; Tomlinson conceded twelve goals in his first seven games of the season, whilst Martin conceded ten times in his first five games. Assistant manager Mark Grew told the media that "they've both been disappointing". On 29 October, Tomlinson was embarrassed to be caught off his line by Oxford United's Peter Leven, who found the net with a 'sensational 45-yard strike'. Adams said "...in the division, he's the only player who would have scored that... you have to question the keeper's starting position." He was still preferred to Martin though, and only a thigh injury kept him out of two league games in January. He returned to the first team, and was heading for a third consecutive clean sheet on 14 February when he committed an "injury-time howler" to allow Bradford City a share of the points at Valley Parade. On 10 March he spilled a cross to hand Barnet striker Ben May an easy winner at Vale Park. He vowed to improve his consistency, saying "I'm a pretty confident person and it will take a lot to stop me bouncing back." At the end of the season he rejected the club's offer of a new contract, and his departure was announced on 3 July. He said that he was "not particularly worried" about his free agent status, and that he would turn down similar offers from other clubs and wait until as late as the start of the following season until the "right opportunity" came about.
Burton Albion.
In September 2012, he signed a four-month contract with Burton Albion, having previously been on trial at Preston North End. He joined the "Brewers" after manager Gary Rowett was dissatisfied with the performances of Ross Atkins and Dean Lyness. After keeping a clean sheet on his debut, in a 1–0 win over Rochdale at Spotland on 8 September, assistant manager Kevin Summerfield said that "the biggest difference for me was that we were playing the game in their half and they were defending corners because he can kick the ball so far up the pitch". He was aiming for a longer stay at the Pirelli Stadium, but a knee injury sustained in a home draw with former club Port Vale left him sidelined for up to six months. He recovered to full fitness in half that time, and signed a new contract in February to extend his stay at Burton until summer 2014. Burton reached the play-offs at the end of the 2012–13 season, but were defeated 5–4 by Bradford City at the semi-final stage. Tomlinson retired in July 2013 after surgeons advised him that scar tissue damage and a tear in his anterior cruciate ligament meant that his left knee was in poor shape and was vulnerable to further damage.
Style of play.
A goalkeeper with a flair for shot-stopping, he could kick the ball with either foot. Due to his muscular physique he was given the nickname "the Tank".
Professional wrestling career.
WWE.
Development territories (2013–present).
In December 2013, Tomlinson traveled to the United States to be trained as a wrestler on a developmental contract by WWE.
Other work.
Tomlinson has also tried work as a professional model , and has appeared on the front cover of Men's Health magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9710942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710942" title="Hopkins Public Schools">
Hopkins Public Schools

Hopkins School District 270 is a public school district in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The district is one of the larger districts in the state, and covers all of Hopkins, Minnesota as well as parts of Minnetonka, Golden Valley, Eden Prairie, Edina, Plymouth, and St. Louis Park. The district is strong both academically and athletically, having won numerous awards and championships. The boys basketball team is particularly strong having won multiple state titles.
Junior high schools (7–9).
9th Grade is considered freshmen year of high school despite being in a separate building.

</doc>
<doc id="9710943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710943" title="1935 in Northern Ireland">
1935 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9710947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710947" title="Archdeacon of Moray">
Archdeacon of Moray

The Archdeacon of Moray was the only archdeacon in the Diocese of Moray, acting as a deputy of the Bishop of Moray. The archdeacon held the parish churches of Forres and Edinkillie as a prebends since 1207. The following is a list of known historical archdeacons:

</doc>
<doc id="9710950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710950" title="Metopon">
Metopon

Metopon (5-methyldihydromorphone) is an opiate analogue that is a methylated derivative of hydromorphone which was invented in 1929 as an analgesic.
Metopon is sometimes used in medicine, although longer acting than hydromorphone, Metopon is less potent and its oral bioavailability is fairly low. Generally, Metopon has few advantages to distinguish it from other, more commonly used opioid analgesics, although it does have a slightly lower tendency to produce nausea and respiratory depression compared to morphine.
In Canada, as of 1948, the hydrochloride of metopon (free base conversion ratio 0.891, molecular weight 335.8) was available only for oral administration for malignant pain and for maintenance of those habituated to morphine; the only dosage form available was singly scored 8 mg tablets. It was manufactured by Parke, Davis, & Co., and was only for sale to doctors and hospitals. Parke, Davis & Co. did not sell metopon to pharmacies. It is unknown whether metopon tablets are still manufactured and sold in Canada.
Metopon tablets, ampoules, and suppositories are available in Switzerland, Austria, Germany, and other countries in Continental Europe and the drug is used in Patient Controlled Analgesia pumps for severe chronic pain in particular. Metopon is listed under Schedule II of the US Controlled Substances Act 1970, meaning it has an accepted medical use, but at this time it is not produced commercially and is seen only in laboratory research. It did see some use in medicine — oncology in particular — in the USA in the 1950s. Currently metopon, which has a DEA ACSCN of 9260, does not have an annual manufacturing quota listed in the Federal Register and the bulk of the research on the drug at this time is taking place in Germany, Switzerland, and Austria.
CAS number 124-92-5 (Metopon hydrochloride)

</doc>
<doc id="9710995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9710995" title="Ben Rix">
Ben Rix

Benjamin "Ben" Rix (born 11 December 1982 in Wolverhampton) is an English footballer who played most recently for League One side Crewe Alexandra until he was released by mutual consent on 22 January 2009. He is a midfielder.
Career.
Rix joined Crewe Alexandra as a schoolboy, signing as a professional in January 2001. He made his debut in October and make 22 appearances in his first season, most as a substitute. The following season he was more involved with the team starting 17 games and making six appearances as a substitute. He was developing well and was a regular the next season but a number of injuries limited his appearances. He did not make a single appearance in 2005–06 because of injury and he moved to Scarborough and A.F.C. Bournemouth on loan.
On 22 January 2009, Crewe Alexandra confirmed that Rix had left the club by mutual consent.
In September 2009 Rix signed for Cornish South West Peninsula League Premier Division side St. Blazey A.F.C..
On 3 March 2010 Rix announced his retirement from the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9711000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711000" title="Battle of Takajō">
Battle of Takajō

The 1587 Battle of Takajō, also known as the Battle of Takashiro, was the first battle in Toyotomi Hideyoshi's campaigns to seize control of Kyūshū during Japan's Sengoku period.
Hideyoshi's half-brother Hashiba Hidenaga led 90,000 men, landing near Takajō (Taka Castle). Within the previous several years, the Shimazu clan of Satsuma province had spread across the island, seizing the Ōtomo clan capital of Funai. In doing so, they had become a significant power in the region, and threatened Hideyoshi's supremacy over Japan.
Hidenaga's forces pursued the Shimazu beyond Takajō, and began to besiege the fortress. Shimazu Iehisa then turned his force of 20,000 around, clashing with a detachment of 15,000 Toyotomi warriors. Three thousand Shimazu warriors dismantled the fortifications of the besiegers, and distracted them long enough to effect a cavalry attack. However, they then found themselves flanked by 1500 Toyotomi warriors, who made every effort to give the appearance of a larger force in the Shimazu's rear, cutting off their escape.
Fighting their way through the Toyotomi forces, the Shimazu effected a retreat, leaving Takajō and the surrounding area to Hidenaga.

</doc>
<doc id="9711003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711003" title="Mamo Clark">
Mamo Clark

Mamo Clark, sometimes billed only as Mamo, (1914–1986) was a Hawaiian born American actress and author.
Early life.
Born December 6, 1914 in Honolulu, Hawaii, Mamo Clark sailed to the mainland United States on board the SS "Malolo" on July 1, 1933 with her stepmother May Kaaolani Clark and father Joseph Kealakaimana Clark. Her stepmother was the daughter of John Adams Cummins. Her biological mother was Evelina Mahoe. Both her mother and stepmother were descendants of 15th century Hawaiian chief Liloa and distant relatives of Kamehameha I.
Mamo Clark and her parents sailed on the voyage to the mainland United States in 1933. With them, they brought their Massive Fong Inn Koa bed, (now in the collection of Royal Hawaiian Descendants), and also a historical 14 foot long spear (now preserved in the private collection of Mr. P. Rimer of Las Vegas). According to published documentation, the spear was known in the 19th century as being the Kamaka-Ai-Kanaka, "the eye-point that eats men". The spear was known by her ancestors to have been used in many famous Hawaiian battles and is mentioned in the book "Except Their Sun", written by Mamo many years later. The book was copyrighted by her husband James M. Rawley in 1994 and published by the Abigail Kekaulike Kawananakoa Foundation the same year.
Career.
Mamo Clark was educated at the University of Southern California. Clark made her film debut in a featured role in "Mutiny on the Bounty" (1935) acting as Miamiti, Clark Gable's wife in the film. The following year she appeared in a serial "Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island" playing a Polynesian princess. In 1937, she appeared with her "Mutiny on the Bounty" co-star, Movita, in "The Hurricane" she played roles in several 'B-pictures', invariably with Pacific Island settings, for instance "Hawaii Calls" (1938). 
"One Million B.C." (1940) provided her with a substantial role as the "Queen of the Rock Tribe" appearing with Lon Chaney Jr. The same year Mamo appeared in the film "The Girl From Gods Country". She retired from films after a minor role in the Marlene Dietrich, John Wayne film "Seven Sinners" (1940) when she met and she fell in love with U.S. Army Captain James Rawley. Soon after they had a son, James Rawley Jr. Captain Rawley continued his career in the Army and was soon promoted to Major. Major Rawley retired from the U.S. Army and began an acting and teaching career in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9711008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711008" title="Bestival 2006">
Bestival 2006

Bestival 2006 was the third annual Bestival organised by the Rob da Bank's Sunday Best label. It was held at Robin Hill Country Park on the Isle of Wight between 7 September - 9 September. Around 17,000 people attended the three-day event. The Bestival is often referred to as a "mini-Glastonbury" with regards to the excellent atmosphere the festival generates. 
Bestival 2006 had a distinct sense of environmental and social consciousness. Indeed, the Bestival is one of the most ethically aware of the UK popular music festivals. This is reflected in the eclectic crowd it attracts and the vast array of fancy dress displayed at the 2006 event, including a Jimi Hendrix complete with guitar and amplifier, as well as a Viking Longboat with crew.
Bestival 2006 won "Best Medium to Large Festival" at the UK Festival Awards. 
There were fourteen musical venues at the Bestival 2006. These were - 
Main Stage, The Big Top, The New Bollywood Bar, The Blue Pavilion, Southern Comfort Fat Tuesday, Rock 'n' Roll Tent, Come Dancing, Hidden Disco, Bandstand, Sense 3D Area, Xbox Lost and Sound, The Guardian Lounge, Loose Tea Tent, Studio 3.
An album was released containing various Bestival tracks since its inauguration in 2004. The Bestival Bugle was a 2006 single sheet newsreel distributed every day throughout the festival, containing Bestival information, tips and comic features. Bestival Radio (87.7 FM) was also established in order to give Bestival goers a live tab on action of the event.
2006 Festival.
Triumphantly dubbed by organisers Sunday Best as, 'the festival of the year (because Glastonbury was not on this year)', this is a typical quote which encapsulates the ambition and humour that both organisers and festival goers give to the annual Bestival. However the claim had a greater foundation than most would imagine as a crowd of 15,000 were treated to a 3 day frenzy of Boutique festival madness which has quite rightly been dubbed the mini-Glastonbury.
Some of the most notable performances were produced by the Scissor Sisters, The Stranglers, Gogol Bordello, FAT Samba and Youngblood Brass Band.
The Scissor Sisters widely recognised as the best act of the weekend were inspirational using dry ice, strobe lighting, paper streamers and shooting various stage items onto the crowd to impress the crowd into submission. Witty conversation, Fantastic showmanship and a euphoric audience reception were some of the ingredients of the dish of the day. 
The Stranglers drew upon their back catalogue and a large audience all singing to the tunes of Golden Brown and Peaches amongst others. Fat Samba drew on a large, excited crowd as they lead the fancy dress parade, tight drumming and eccentric costumes helped to win over the crowd. Gogol Bordello were an unknown quantity initially but after their set it became clear they were an eccentric, innovative and colossal quantity of music talent, lead singer Eugene Hutz was particularly entertaining, reminiscent of Freddie Mercury on stage. Youngblood Brass Band dazed the crowd with their no nonsense, get on stage and perform attitude. The unusual miz of trombones, trumpets, drummers, a tuba player and a rapper/snare drummer, the band performed an energetic set got the crowd jumping and dancing.
Clown controversy.
Following on from 2005's dressing attempt, the organisers of the festival decided to make this year's theme the circus and to have everyone dressed as clowns. On 8 July 2006, it was announced that this had been scrapped as festival-goers asked for refunds as they were scared of clowns.
The Scissor Sisters quite blatantly went out to court this controversy, opening their set dressed in clown costumes, in response to complaints of coulrophobia by some festival goers. Ana Matronic claimed that she failed to read the memo stating that she didn't know clowns were banned, this was followed by her trying to protest that clowns were nice people with "blood" spewing out of her mouth. They closed their set accompanied by six stilted clowns.

</doc>
<doc id="9711026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711026" title="Iwo Jima (disambiguation)">
Iwo Jima (disambiguation)

Iwo Jima may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9711048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711048" title="Florence Network">
Florence Network

The Florence Network for Nursing and Midwifery is an International Network of 38 Universities Schools of Nursing and Midwifery in Higher education Bachelor Education in 17 European countries.
Primary goals.
The main goals are to:
Make Nursing and Midwifery more visible in Europe
Presidency.
Quotes from the (former) President:
"I am convinced that international co-operation will bring us all more together and are a benefit for all education and hopefully improving the health care system and care for patients all over Europe. It makes us better understanding our historical roots and cultural differences as well. It must stimulate us to have respect for all ways of working and open the door for positive discussions and improve quality. " Cultural awareness and acknowledgement are cornerstones for an effective trans-cultural society" Karin Berntsen.
" I’m convinced that one great benefit, by internationalize higher education, is to facilitate for students and teachers to think international and to keep a global perspective in humans and therefore makes the world better!" Anna Carlsson
Annual Meeting.
Every year one of the partners - institutions of higher educations (Universities of applied Sciences) is the host institution for the Annual Meeting.

</doc>
<doc id="9711066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711066" title="International Chiba Ekiden">
International Chiba Ekiden

The International Chiba Ekiden is an annual team road running competition held in Chiba, Japan in late November. The marathon relay race, or ekiden as it is known in Japan, is one of the prominent annual races of its kind. The competition is split into six legs which combine to make up the marathon distance of 42.195 km. The Chiba Ekiden was first held in 1988 and featured separate competitions for both men and women. Since 2007, each competing country selects three men and three women for their team. The legs are divided as follows: 5 km (men), 5 km (women), 10 km (men), 5 km (women), 10 km (men), and 7.195 km (women).
The men's world record for the event was set at the competition in 2005 as the Kenyan team of Josephat Ndambiri, Martin Mathathi, Daniel Mwangi, Mekubo Mogusu, Onesmus Nyerere and John Kariuki completed the course in a time of 1:57:06. In the same race the Japanese team ran an Asian record, the United States men ran a North American record and the fourth-placed Russian team broke the European record.
External links.
Race commentaries in English: 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010 2011.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9711074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711074" title="4th World Science Fiction Convention">
4th World Science Fiction Convention

The 4th World Science Fiction Convention was held August 30-September 1 1946, at the Park View Manor in Los Angeles, California. Known as "Pacificon I", it was the first time the annual event had been held since 1941, due to the Second World War.
The guests of honor were A. E. Van Vogt and E. Mayne Hull. The convention chairman was Walter J. Daugherty. Attendance was approximately 130 members.

</doc>
<doc id="9711075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711075" title="John Furlong (American actor)">
John Furlong (American actor)

John Furlong (April 14, 1933 – June 23, 2008) was an American actor. He dubbed the voice of Russ Meyer in all of Meyer's film appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="9711089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711089" title="2005 Solheim Cup">
2005 Solheim Cup

The 9th Solheim Cup Match was held September 9–11, 2005 at Crooked Stick Golf Club, Carmel, Indiana, a suburb north of Indianapolis. The United States won the trophy for the sixth time by a score of 15½ to 12½ points. The winning point was gained by Meg Mallon in her win over Karen Stupples.
Teams.
The European team consisted of seven automatic qualifiers and five wild card picks from Captain Catrin Nilsmark. The US team consisted of 10 automatic qualifiers and two picks from Captain Nancy Lopez.
Europe
Format.
The match format was as for 2003 A total of 28 points were available, divided among four periods of team play, followed by one period of singles play. The first period, on Friday morning, was four rounds of foursomes. This was followed in the afternoon by four rounds of fourballs. This schedule was repeated on the Saturday morning and afternoon. The four periods on Friday and Saturday accounted for 16 points. During these team periods, the players played in teams of two. All players had to play in at least one session of the first two days . The final 12 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay, in which all 24 players (12 from each team) took part.
Day one.
"Friday, September 9, 2005"
Morning foursomes.
At one point in the morning foursomes it looked like the US team would take a 3-1 lead but the European team staged a major fightback and finished the morning session with a 3-1 lead themselves. In the first match Catriona Matthew and Carin Koch were two down with four to play, playing against Paula Creamer and Beth Daniel, the youngest and oldest participants in the Solheim Cup, but they managed to win the 15th and 17th holes to halve the match. In match three the Europeans snatched another unlikely half point when Sophie Gustafson and Trish Johnson won three holes in a row - the 15th and 17th to come back from three down with four to play against rookie Christina Kim and veteran Pat Hurst.
The turnaround in the bottom match was even bigger where Suzann Pettersen and world no.1 Annika Sörenstam were four down after 12 holes. Sörenstam lipped out her tee shot on the par three 13th starting a run of five consecutive winning holes to complete a 1 up win over Michele Redman and Laura Diaz. Europe dominated the second match from the start with Laura Davies and Maria Hjorth going three up after six holes against Cristie Kerr and Natalie Gulbis finishing with a 2 and 1 victory.
Afternoon fourball.
Europe and America shared the points in the afternoon fourballs giving the European team a 5-3 lead at the end of day one,this being only their second first day lead in the nine match series. In the first match of the day Meg Mallon and Rosie Jones won three of the first four holes with Jones making five birdies in her first seven holes. giving them a 3 and 2 win over Iben Tinning and Maria Hjorth. The US also won match two with US rookie Natalie Gulbis and Cristie Kerr going two up after four holes against Sophie Gustafson and European rookie Karen Stupples and never losing the lead, winning 2 and 1.
Europe won both the third and fourth matches. In match three Catriona Matthew and Annika Sörenstam went two down to Pat Hurst and Wendy Ward after eight holes but Sörenstam then birdied the 9th, 10th, 12th, 14th and 15th to help earn a 2 and 1 win. In the bottom match Laura Davies was six under par for the 15 holes that she and Suzann Pettersen played in beating Juli Inkster and Paula Creamer by 4 and 3.
Day two.
"Saturday, September 10, 2005"
Morning foursomes.
America staged a fighting comeback in the morning foursomes gaining three out of the four available points to tie the scores at 6-6. The first match of the day featured four Solheim Cup rookies. The all-French pairing of Ludivine Kreutz and Gwladys Nocera, making their Solheim Cup debut, lost three holes from the second and were eventually beaten 4 and 2 by Natalie Gulbis and Christina Kim. In the second match veteran Juli Inkster teamed with rookie Paula Creamer to beat the in form Laura Davies and Maria Hjorth 3 and 2.
The third match saw the only victorious European team. The Swedes Carin Koch and Sophie Gustafson won four straight holes at the turn and gained a 5-and-3 victory over Laura Diaz and Wendy Ward. In the bottom match Michele Redman, who was a late replacement after Cristie Kerr suffered a stiff neck, and Pat Hurst were three down after five holes playing Catriona Matthew and Annika Sörenstam, but staged a comeback and won 1 up when Sörenstam hit her tee shot into the water at the 18th.
Afternoon fourball.
The top three fourballs all came down to the final hole. In the top match Trish Johnson and Iben Tinning were 1 down with two to play against Beth Daniel and Juli Inkster. Johnson made a winning eight foot birdie at the 17th and Tinning hit her approach on 18 within of the flag. She missed the birdie chance and the teams had to settle for a half.
Match two saw Meg Mallon and Rosie Jones playing Sophie Gustafson and Suzann Pettersen. All square playing 18, Pettersen put pressure on her partner by driving into the water but Gustafson hit her approach to six feet. Jones made a 30-footer for birdie and the pressure was put on Gustafson who responded with a birdie putt to conclude the match with a half.
In match three Carin Koch, playing with Catriona Matthew, made three birdies in her first three holes which meant a 3-up lead for the Europeans. Paula Creamer birdied the fourth and fifth and Cristie Kerr made par on eight and the match was even. Playing 18 all square Koch drove into the water, Matthew found the rough and Creamer made a three foot putt to win a full point.
Match four saw the Solheim Cup leading points scorers, Laura Davies and Annika Sörenstam, playing together for the first time against Pat Hurst and Christina Kim. Sörenstam made a birdie putt at the first and the Europeans also won the second and the sixth. The Americans got one back at eight, but Sörenstam sank an eagle putt at the ninth to go 3-up. The Europeans won the next two holes to move 5-up, but Hurst and Kim won the 13th and 15th holes but when neither American could birdie 16, the match went to the European side 4 & 2.
The score was thus tied with the 12 Sunday singles left, marking the first time since 1994 that the matches were tied after the opening two days.
Day three.
"Sunday, September 11, 2005"
Singles.
The U.S. team got a good start winning the first five matches. Juli Inkster was 1 down with 6 to play but won three holes in a row from the 13th to beat Sophie Gustafson, 2&1 in the opening match and Paula Creamer beat Laura Davies 7&5 in the second with 7 birdies in 13 holes. Pat Hurst won three in a row from 14 to beat Trish Johnson 2&1, in the first ever match between 2 pregnant players Laura Diaz beat Iben Tinning 6&5, and rookie Christina Kim got a 5&4 win over Ludivine Kreutz.
Annika Sörenstam won the first point for the Europeans with a 4&3 win over Beth Daniel in the match six whilst Natalie Gulbis made it six points for the US with a 3&1 win over Maria Hjorth. Then followed a European rally. Catriona Matthew won four out of five holes on the back nine beating Wendy Ward 3&2, Carin Koch won three in a row to beat Michele Redman 2&1 and in an upset, rookie Gwladys Nocera defeated Cristie Kerr 2&1.
It fell to Meg Mallon in the penultimate match to gain the point necessary for the US to win the cup with a 3&1 victory over Karen Stupples whilst Suzann Pettersen and Rosie Jones halved the final dead rubber to give the US team a victory 15½ - 12½.

</doc>
<doc id="9711095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711095" title="5th World Science Fiction Convention">
5th World Science Fiction Convention

The 5th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Philcon I, was held 30 August – 1 September 1947 at the Penn-Sheraton Hotel in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.
The chairman was Milton Rothman. The guest of honor was John W. Campbell, Jr., the editor of "Astounding Science Fiction" magazine. L. Jerome Stanton served as Toastmaster. Total attendance was approximately 200.

</doc>
<doc id="9711097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711097" title="Siege of Ganjaku">
Siege of Ganjaku

The 1587 siege of Ganjaku was part of Toyotomi Hideyoshi's campaign to seize Kyūshū during Japan's Sengoku period. While his half-brother attacked Taka castle on the island's east coast, Hideyoshi made his own initial landfall on the island's north coast, in Chikuzen province, and made his way towards Ganjaku castle, held by a retainer of Akizuki Tanezane.
Hideyoshi intended to devote only a small party to the siege of the castle, while the rest of his army continued further. However, it is said that none of his generals wished to be left behind to head this siege, and so lots were drawn. Gamō Ujisato ended up commanding the siege party; it is said that Hideyoshi sat and watched from a nearby hill, granting gold coins to samurai for each enemy head they brought him.

</doc>
<doc id="9711098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711098" title="6th World Science Fiction Convention">
6th World Science Fiction Convention

The 6th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Torcon, was held July 3–5, 1948, at RAI Purdy Studios in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was the first time the convention was held outside the United States.
The chairman was Ned McKeown. The guests of honor were Robert Bloch (pro) and Bob Tucker (fan). Total attendance was approximately 200. 

</doc>
<doc id="9711099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711099" title="7th World Science Fiction Convention">
7th World Science Fiction Convention

The 7th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Cinvention, was held September 3–5. 1949, at the Hotel Metropole in Cincinnati, Ohio, USA.
The Guests of Honor were Lloyd A. Eshbach (pro) and Ted Carnell (fan). Don Ford carried out the duties of Chairman, but was officially Secretary-Treasurer; Charles R. Tanner had the honorary title of Chairman. Total attendance was approximately 190.

</doc>
<doc id="9711100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711100" title="8th World Science Fiction Convention">
8th World Science Fiction Convention

The 8th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as NorWesCon, was held September 1–4, 1950, at the Multnomah Hotel in Portland, Oregon, USA. The supporting organization was the Portland Science-Fantasy Society. The chairman was Donald B. Day.
The guest of honor was Anthony Boucher. The toastmaster, listed as the "Entertainment Master of Ceremonies", was Theodore Sturgeon. Total attendance was approximately 400.

</doc>
<doc id="9711101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711101" title="9th World Science Fiction Convention">
9th World Science Fiction Convention

The 9th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Nolacon I, was held 1–3 September 1951 at the St. Charles Hotel in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA.
The chairman was Harry B. Moore.
The guest of honor was Fritz Leiber. 
Total attendance was approximately 190. The at-the-door membership price was US$1, the same price charged from the 1st through the 12th Worldcon
Other pros attending included Robert Bloch, Fredric Brown, Judith Merril, E.E. Smith, L. Sprague de Camp, editor John W. Campbell and fantasy artist Hannes Bok, who did Nolacon's program book cover. Famous fans present included Sam Moskowitz, Wilson Tucker (aka Bob Tucker), Dave Kyle, Roger Sims, Terry Carr, and Lee Hoffman. The latter, editor of the very popular fanzine "Quandry", whom everyone assumed was male, turned out to be a young woman, a ‘revelation’ which greatly startled even those who had corresponded with her. 
Notable events included world premiere screenings of "The Day The Earth Stood Still" and "When Worlds Collide", plus a continuous two-day long party in Room 770 at the St. Charles Hotel that became legendary following the convention not only for its duration but for its high quality. Mike Glyer's long-running newszine "File 770", named in commemoration of this party, has won the Hugo Award for Best Fanzine a number of times.
Hugo Awards were not presented at this Worldcon as the awards were not proposed until the following year, 1952, with the first Hugos actually presented in 1953 at the 11th World Science Fiction Convention. However, in 2001 at the 59th World Science Fiction Convention held in Philadelphia, a set of Retro Hugo Awards were presented to honor work that would have been Hugo-eligible had the award existed in 1951. A "Certificate of Merit" was presented to representatives of "The Day the Earth Stood Still" by the Nolacon I chairman, and this was reported on Movietone News at the time. 

</doc>
<doc id="9711103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711103" title="12th World Science Fiction Convention">
12th World Science Fiction Convention

The 12th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as SFCon, was held September 3-6, 1954, at the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco, California, USA.
The chairmen were Lester Cole and Gary Nelson. The guest of honor was John W. Campbell, Jr., the editor of "Astounding" magazine. Total attendance was approximately 700.

</doc>
<doc id="9711107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711107" title="13th World Science Fiction Convention">
13th World Science Fiction Convention

The 13th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Clevention, was held on September 2–5, 1955, at the Manger Hotel in Cleveland, Ohio, USA.
The chairmen were Nick and Noreen Falasca. The guests of honor were Isaac Asimov (pro) and Sam Moskowitz (mystery GoH). Total attendance was approximately 380.
This was the first convention at which the Hugo Awards were established as an annual feature; the first awards had been given out two years before, at Philcon II in 1953.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711108" title="14th World Science Fiction Convention">
14th World Science Fiction Convention

The 14th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as NyCon II or NEWYORCON, was held August 31–September 3, 1956, at the Biltmore Hotel in New York, New York, USA.
The chairman was David A. Kyle. The Guest of Honor was Arthur C. Clarke. The toastmaster was Robert Bloch. Total attendance was approximately 850.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.
Fan politics.
It was at this Worldcon that a group of fans (including Bob Tucker, Boyd Raeburn, Dick Eney, Ron Ellik and Ted White) who had not paid the $7 fee for the convention banquet chose to sit in the balcony and listen to the Guest of Honor speeches. Convention chair Kyle had a messenger tell the "Balcony Insurgents" that Kyle had said they could not sit there. Since almost every fan who wrote about the convention reported the incident, "Dave Kyle Says You Can't Sit Here" became a fannish catchphrase.
The primary bid for the 15th World Science Fiction Convention was for London. This would be the first Worldcon outside North America, and there was a small but vocal jingoistic faction of Americans who argued for retaining the Worldcon in North America, claiming "If we let them have it they'll never give it back". Their campaign against the London proposal was opposed by other Americans, most audibly Anthony Boucher, and the London bid won by an ample margin, to loud cheers. There were reportedly petty efforts even after the vote was over to sabotage the London bid, but they failed to hinder it.

</doc>
<doc id="9711110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711110" title="15th World Science Fiction Convention">
15th World Science Fiction Convention

The 15th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Loncon I, was held 6–9 September 1957 at the King's Court Hotel in London, England. It was the first Worldcon held outside North America.
The chairman was Ted Carnell. The guest of honor was John W. Campbell, Jr., the editor of "Astounding" magazine. Total attendance was 268. Events included a "fancy dress ball" on the evening of Friday, September 6th.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711111" title="Beata Brookes">
Beata Brookes

Beata Ann Brookes, CBE (born 21 January 1931) is a retired British social worker, company secretary and former Conservative Party politician. She served ten years as Member of the European Parliament for North Wales, and made several attempts to obtain election to the House of Commons. She has sometimes been nicknamed the "Celtic Iron Lady". 
In May 2013 it was announced she had become a member of UKIP.
Education.
Brookes was educated at Lowther College in Abergele and went on to the University of Wales, Bangor. She obtained a scholarship from the State Department to study politics in the United States. She began to work as company secretary and director of a North Wales firm.
Political activity.
Her early interest in politics took her into the Conservative Party and she was elected to the executive of the National Union of Conservative and Unionist Associations. She was also elected as a Conservative to Rhyl Urban District Council, and in the 1955 general election she fought Widnes which was a marginal Labour-held seat. She lost by only 1,449 votes.
She later worked for Denbighshire County Council as a social worker, and as a farmer. In 1961 she was Conservative candidate in the Warrington by-election, a safe Labour seat. At the 1964 general election she fought in Manchester Exchange. She was appointed by the Conservative government to the Welsh Hospital Board in 1963, where she remained for eleven years. Although she had married Anthony Arnold, in May 1963 they were divorced and she announced that she wished to remain known as Miss Beata Brookes.
Local posts.
From 1973 Brookes was a member of Clwyd Area Health Authority, where she served on the Family Practitioner Committee, and was also co-opted onto Clwyd County Council Social Services Committee. She was a member of the Council for Professions Supplementary to Medicine and had several voluntary sector posts in North Wales relating to the disabled and mentally handicapped.
European Parliament.
At the 1979 European Parliament election, Brookes was elected as Conservative MEP for North Wales. She was a strong supporter of British membership of the European Communities and in 1981 at the Conservative Party conference moved a motion condemning the then Labour policy of leaving it; she argued that such a policy would leave Britain weak, friendless, isolated and bankrupt. She pointed to statistics about the economy and trade with Europe to claim that one job in three depended on Britain staying in.
Selection dispute.
Brookes made a determined effort to be selected for the boundary changed constituency of Clwyd North West at the 1983 general election, over the claims of the sitting MPs for West Flintshire (Sir Anthony Meyer) and Denbigh (Geraint Morgan). The selection contest attracted national attention and Conservative Central Office decided to stay out of the dispute. On 6 March, Brookes won the selection vote in the Clwyd North West Conservative Executive, with Meyer describing the meeting as having been fixed and Morgan saying that speaking at the meeting was "like speaking to a nobbled jury".
Conservative Party chairman Cecil Parkinson then intervened, arising out of a newspaper report that Brookes claimed Central Office put her forward for the nomination (Meyer was a leading "wet" who was not popular with the Conservative leadership). When the Executive of Clwyd North West Conservative Association placed only Brookes' name before the general membership for adoption, Meyer won a High Court judgment that his name should also be offered. When the full membership met on 9 May 1983, Meyer was narrowly adopted.
Further political life.
Brookes remained in the European Parliament. She protested in December 1983 over a BBC interview with the Welsh republican John Jenkins, who had been jailed for a bombing campaign at the time of the investiture of Charles, Prince of Wales. In the European Parliament she was a member of the Education and Agricultural Committees. She was defeated by the Labour Party candidate at the 1989 European Parliament elections.
She remained involved in Welsh Conservative politics and in 1993 was chair of the Welsh Conservative Party, and proclaimed her support for John Major at a time when he was under fire from within the party. She was appointed Chair of the Welsh Consumer Council, but her re-appointment in 1994 went ahead despite criticism from the National Consumer Council that despite her ability, a non-political choice would be more appropriate. She was awarded the CBE in 1996. On 3 May 2013 she joined UKIP.
Car boot sales.
Although retired, she was still considered newsworthy in 2003 when she won permission to hold more "car boot sales" on her land at Rhuddlan on 14 Saturdays in a year. She had in 2000 obtained permission to hold sales on 28 Sundays in a year, and also offered the land for use for fireworks displays and the National Eisteddfod of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="9711112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711112" title="16th World Science Fiction Convention">
16th World Science Fiction Convention

The 16th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Solacon, was held August 29–September 1, 1958, at the Alexandria Hotel in Los Angeles, California, USA. Solacon was physically in Los Angeles, but (by mayoral proclamation) technically in South Gate, California, to fulfill their bid slogan of "South Gate in '58."
Superfan Rick Sneary had a cardboard sign at this convention that read "We'll do it again in 2010" that he carried to numerous future Worldcons. His death in 1990 laid that dream to rest and the 2010 Worldcon happened in Melbourne, Australia.
The chairman was Anne S. Moffatt. The guest of honor was Richard Matheson. The toastmaster was Anthony Boucher. Total attendance was 322.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711113" title="17th World Science Fiction Convention">
17th World Science Fiction Convention

The 17th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Detention, was held September 4–7, 1959, at the Pick Fort Shelby Hotel in Detroit, Michigan, USA.
The chairmen were Roger Sims and Fred Prophet. The guests of honor were Poul Anderson (pro) and John Berry (fan). The toastmaster was Isaac Asimov "...with the assistance of Robert Bloch". Total attendance was 371.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711114" title="18th World Science Fiction Convention">
18th World Science Fiction Convention

The 18th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Pittcon, was held September 3–5, 1960, at the Penn-Sheraton Hotel in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA. 
The chairman was Dirce Archer. The guest of honor was James Blish. The toastmaster was Isaac Asimov. Total attendance was 568.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711115" title="20th World Science Fiction Convention">
20th World Science Fiction Convention

The 20th World Science Fiction Convention, also known unofficially as Chicon III (less frequently, Chicon II), was held August 31–September 3, 1962, at the Pick-Congress Hotel in Chicago, Illinois, USA.
Because the second Worldcon held in Chicago was officially called, in its publications, the 10th Annual World Science Fiction Convention (and once as the "10th Annual Science Fiction Convention") and not Chicon, the next Chicago Worldcon held in 1962 was occasionally referred to as Chicon II, though Chicon III is the generally accepted and preferred nomenclature.
The chairman was Earl Kemp. The guest of honor was Theodore Sturgeon. The toastmaster was Wilson Tucker. Total attendance was approximately 730.
Following the convention, Advent:Publishers published "The Proceedings: Chicon III", edited by Earl Kemp. The book includes transcripts of lectures and panels given during the course of the convention and includes numerous photographs as well. Events at the convention included an address by Willy Ley.
Events.
During his Guest of Honor speech, Theodore Sturgeon expressed regret that Hugo Award Winner Robert A. Heinlein could not attend. Heinlein, at that moment, walked into the ballroom, in a white tux, saying that Ted's regret for his nonattendance was premature. He went to the podium, and Sturgeon offered him a sip from a water glass, asking Heinlein to share water with him (a reference to "Stranger in a Strange Land".) Heinlein and Sturgeon shared water.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711116" title="21st World Science Fiction Convention">
21st World Science Fiction Convention

The 21st World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Discon I, was held August 31–September 2, 1963, at the Statler-Hilton Hotel in Washington, D.C., USA.
Following the convention, Advent:Publishers published "The Proceedings: Discon", edited by Richard Eney. The book includes transcripts of lectures and panels given during the course of the convention and includes numerous photographs as well.
The chairman was George Scithers. The guest of honor was Murray Leinster. The toastmaster was Isaac Asimov. Total attendance was approximately 600.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711118" title="Astill">
Astill

Astill is a surname which originated from Leicester, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9711119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711119" title="22nd World Science Fiction Convention">
22nd World Science Fiction Convention

The 22nd World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Pacificon II, was held September 4-7, 1964, at the Hotel Leamington in Oakland, California, USA. 
Pacificon was combined with Westercon, the annual West Coast Science Fantasy Conference, sharing guests of honor and chairmen. The chairmen were J. Ben Stark and Al haLevy. The guests of honor were Leigh Brackett and Edmond Hamilton (pro), and Forrest J Ackerman (fan). The toastmaster was Anthony Boucher. Total attendance was approximately 523.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711123" title="23rd World Science Fiction Convention">
23rd World Science Fiction Convention

The 23rd World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Loncon II, was held 27–30 August 1965 at the Mount Royal Hotel in London, United Kingdom. It was the second Worldcon to be held in London, following the original Loncon in 1957.
The chairman was Ella Parker. The guest of honour was Brian W. Aldiss. The toastmaster was Tom Boardman. Total attendance was approximately 350.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711124" title="24th World Science Fiction Convention">
24th World Science Fiction Convention

The 24th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Tricon, was held 1–5 September 1966 at the Sheraton-Cleveland in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. Officially, the convention was hosted by three cities in the region: Cincinnati, Cleveland, and Detroit, — hence the name "Tricon". 
The three co-chairmen of that Worldcon each represented their city's fandom; they were Ben Jason of Cleveland, Howard DeVore of Detroit, and Lou Tabakow of Cincinnati. The guest of honor was L. Sprague de Camp and the toastmaster was Isaac Asimov. Total attendance at Tricon was approximately 850. Of special note: Gene Roddenberry premiered the pilot episode for his TV series "Star Trek" at Tricon.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711125" title="25th World Science Fiction Convention">
25th World Science Fiction Convention

The 25th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as NyCon 3 or Nycon 3, was held August 31-September 4, 1967, at the Statler Hilton Hotel in New York, New York, USA.
The chairmen were Ted White and Dave Van Arnam. The guests of honor were Lester del Rey (pro) and Bob Tucker (fan). The toastmaster was Harlan Ellison. Total attendance was approximately 1,500.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711126" title="26th World Science Fiction Convention">
26th World Science Fiction Convention

The 26th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Baycon, was held August 29-September 2, 1968, at the Hotel Claremont in Berkeley, California, USA.
The Worldcon was combined with the annual West Coast Science Fantasy Conference (Westercon), sharing Guests of Honor and Chairmen. The chairmen were Bill Donaho, Alva Rogers, and J. Ben Stark. The guests of honor were Philip José Farmer (pro) and Walter J. Daugherty (fan). The toastmaster was Robert Silverberg. Total attendance was approximately 1,430.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards are also presented each year at Worldcon.
Notable events.
This Worldcon was the first one that was attended by large numbers of people in the hippie subculture. A psychedelic light show was presented in the main ballroom of the hotel. Robert Silverberg gave a speech about using LSD to attain a mystical experience. Harlan Ellison read a story he had written about a hippie commune. 
Poul Anderson emceed a presentation by the Society for Creative Anachronism. 

</doc>
<doc id="9711127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711127" title="27th World Science Fiction Convention">
27th World Science Fiction Convention

The 27th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as St. Louiscon, was held 28 August – 1 September 1969 at the Chase Park Plaza Hotel in St. Louis, Missouri, USA, under the auspices of OSFA, the Ozark Science Fantasy Association.
The chairmen were Ray Fisher and Joyce Fisher.
The guests of honor were Jack Gaughan (pro) and
Eddie Jones (fan artist). 
Jones, the Trans Atlantic Fan Fund (TAFF) winner, replaced Ted White.
The toastmaster was Harlan Ellison.
Total attendance was 1,534 from a registration exceeding 2,001, making it the largest Worldcon to date in both regards.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711129" title="28th World Science Fiction Convention">
28th World Science Fiction Convention

The 28th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Heicon '70, was held 20–24 August 1970 at the Heidelberg Stadthalle in Heidelberg, West Germany.
Manfred Kage eventually became Heicon's convention chairman, the last of more than a dozen fans who briefly held the position during the convention's rocky organizational period. The professional guests of honor were E. C. Tubb (UK), Robert Silverberg (US), and Herbert W. Franke (Germany). Elliot K. Shorter, the 1970 Trans Atlantic Fan Fund (TAFF) winner, was the fan guest of honor. The toastmaster was John Brunner. Total attendance was approximately 620.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented at Worldcon every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9711130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711130" title="29th World Science Fiction Convention">
29th World Science Fiction Convention

The 29th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Noreascon I, was held September 2–6, 1971, at the Sheraton-Boston Hotel in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
The chairman was Tony Lewis. The guests of honor were Clifford D. Simak (pro) and Harry Warner, Jr. (fan). The toastmaster was Robert Silverberg. Total attendance was approximately 1,600.
The convention is mentioned in the preface to "The Ringworld Engineers" for the MIT students who pointed out that the Ringworld would be unstable.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711132" title="31st World Science Fiction Convention">
31st World Science Fiction Convention

The 31st World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Torcon II, was held 31 August – 3 September 1973 at the Royal York Hotel in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The chairman was John Millard.
The guests of honor were Robert Bloch (pro) and William Rotsler (fan). 
The toastmaster was Lester del Rey.
Total attendance was approximately 2,900.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711133" title="32nd World Science Fiction Convention">
32nd World Science Fiction Convention

The 32nd World Science Fiction Convention, also known as Discon II, was held 29 August – 2 September 1974 at the Sheraton Park Hotel in Washington, D.C., USA.
The official co-chairmen were Jay and Alice Haldeman; Ron Bounds was the vice-chairman.
The guests of honor were Roger Zelazny (pro) and Jay Kay Klein (fan). 
The toastmaster was Andrew J. Offutt.
Total attendance was 3,587.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711135" title="35th World Science Fiction Convention">
35th World Science Fiction Convention

The 35th World Science Fiction Convention, also known as SunCon, was held September 2–5, 1977, at the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami Beach, Florida, USA.
The chairman was Don Lundry. The guests of honor were Jack Williamson (pro) and Robert A. Madle (fan). The toastmaster was Robert Silverberg. Total attendance was approximately 3,240.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711137" title="36th World Science Fiction Convention">
36th World Science Fiction Convention

The 36th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as IguanaCon II, was held 30 August – 4 September 1978 at the Hyatt Regency, Adams House, Phoenix Convention Center & Symphony Hall in Phoenix, Arizona, USA. 
The original committee chairman was Greg Brown, who served for the first eighteen months of the convention committee's existence; he was replaced for the final six months prior to the convention and during the convention itself by Tim Kyger. Gary Farber was the "de facto" vice-chairman as well as director of operations during the convention.
The guests of honor were Harlan Ellison (pro) and Bill Bowers (fan). Josef Nesvadba had been announced as the European guest of honor for IguanaCon, but he could not get travel papers and did not attend. The toastmaster was F. M. Busby. Total attendance was approximately 4,700.
Despite the name, this was the first "IguanaCon".
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711139" title="38th World Science Fiction Convention">
38th World Science Fiction Convention

The 38th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Noreascon Two, was held 29 August – 1 September 1980 at the Sheraton-Boston Hotel and Hynes Civic Auditorium in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
The chairman was Leslie Turek.
The guests of honor were Damon Knight (pro), Kate Wilhelm (pro), and Bruce Pelz (fan). 
The toastmaster was Robert Silverberg.
Total attendance was approximately 5,850.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711140" title="39th World Science Fiction Convention">
39th World Science Fiction Convention

The 39th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Denvention II, was held 3–7 September 1981 at the Denver Hilton Hotel in Denver, Colorado, USA.
The chairmen were Suzanne Carnival and Don C. Thompson.
The guests of honor were Clifford D. Simak (pro), C. L. Moore (pro), and Rusty Hevelin (fan). Extra special guest was Robert Heinlein who had been the guest of honor at the 1941 Worldcon, the first to be held in Denver.
The toastmaster was Ed Bryant.
Total attendance was 3,792.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711141" title="40th World Science Fiction Convention">
40th World Science Fiction Convention

The 40th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Chicon IV, was held September 2–6, 1982 at the Hyatt Regency Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, USA.
The chairmen were Ross Pavlac and Larry Propp; Larry Smith and Bob Hillis were vice-chairmen.
The guests of honor were A. Bertram Chandler (pro), Frank Kelly Freas (pro), and Lee Hoffman (fan). 
The toastmaster was Marta Randall.
Total attendance was 4,275.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.
At Chicon IV, the Hugo Awards were made of a lucite rocket on a wooden base. This is the only time lucite was used for the award.

</doc>
<doc id="9711143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711143" title="41st World Science Fiction Convention">
41st World Science Fiction Convention

The 41st World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as ConStellation, was held September 1–5, 1983, at the Baltimore Convention Center in Baltimore, Maryland, USA. The chairman was Michael J. Walsh. Total attendance was approximately 7,000.
Programming.
The guests of honor were John Brunner (pro) and David A. Kyle (fan). The toastmaster was Jack L. Chalker. As part of the promotion for the film "The Right Stuff", Veronica Cartwright, Chuck Yeager, Gordon Cooper, Scott Glenn and Dennis Quaid appeared at ConStellation.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711144" title="42nd World Science Fiction Convention">
42nd World Science Fiction Convention

The 42nd World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as L.A.con II, was held 30 August – 3 September 1984 at the Anaheim Hilton and the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California, USA.
The chairmen were Craig Miller and Milt Stevens.
The Guests of Honor were Gordon R. Dickson (pro) and Dick Eney (fan). 
Robert Bloch was the Toastmaster for the Hugo Ceremony, and Jerry Pournelle was the Master of Ceremonies for the Other Awards Ceremony.
Total attendance was 8365, a record and the largest to date.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.
Notable events.
At the convention Robert Heinlein appeared, continuing his campaign to encourage science fiction fans to make blood donations. 
A.E. Van Vogt appeared at the convention. 

</doc>
<doc id="9711145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711145" title="43rd World Science Fiction Convention">
43rd World Science Fiction Convention

The 43rd World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Aussiecon Two, was held 22 – 26 August 1985 at the Southern Cross, Victoria, and Sheraton Hotels in Melbourne, Australia. The convention was chaired by David Grigg. Total attendance was reported as 1,599 members.
The Guests of Honor were Gene Wolfe (pro) and Ted White (fan).
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711146" title="44th World Science Fiction Convention">
44th World Science Fiction Convention

The 44th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as ConFederation, was held August 28 through September 1, 1986, at the Marriott Marquis and Atlanta Hilton in Atlanta, Georgia, USA. The convention was co-chaired by Penny Frierson and Ron Zukowski. Total attendance for the convention was reported as 5,811 members.
Programming.
The Guests of Honor were author Ray Bradbury (pro) and writer Terry Carr (fan). The toastmaster was Bob Shaw.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711147" title="45th World Science Fiction Convention">
45th World Science Fiction Convention

The 45th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Conspiracy '87, was held 27 August – 1 September 1987 at the Metropole Hotel and The Brighton Centre in Brighton, England.
The initial chairman was Malcolm Edwards, who had to scale back his involvement several months before the con, and was succeeded by Paul Oldroyd with the title of "Coordinator", later recognised as chairman.
The toastmaster was Brian W. Aldiss.
Total attendance was 4,009, out of 5,425 paid memberships.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711148" title="46th World Science Fiction Convention">
46th World Science Fiction Convention

The 46th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Nolacon II, was held 1–5 September 1988 at the Marriott, Sheraton, and International Hotels, and the New Orleans Municipal Auditorium in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA.
The chairman was John H. Guidry.
The guest of honor was Donald A. Wollheim (pro) and Roger Sims (fan).
The toastmaster was Mike Resnick.
Total attendance was approximately 5,300.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711149" title="47th World Science Fiction Convention">
47th World Science Fiction Convention

The 47th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Noreascon 3 (or "... Three", or "... III"), was held 31 August 1989 – 4 September 1989 at the Sheraton-Boston Hotel, Hilton Hotel, Park Plaza Hotel, and the Hynes Convention Center in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
The chairman was Mark L. Olson. The Guests of Honor were Andre Norton, Ian & Betty Ballantine (pro), and The Stranger Club (fan). Seven surviving members of the latter group attended, including Harry Stubbs (Hal Clement). Total attendance was 6,837, of 7,795 paid memberships.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.
The 1989 Hugo Award base honored the 50th anniversary of both the 1939 New York World's Fair and the first Worldcon. The Fair's iconic Trylon and Perisphere were represented with the Hugo Award rocket taking the place of the tall Trylon spire.

</doc>
<doc id="9711153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711153" title="1934 in Northern Ireland">
1934 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9711154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711154" title="James Evans (Ontario politician)">
James Evans (Ontario politician)

James Evans (March 25, 1848 – June 23, 1880) was an Ontario political figure. He represented Middlesex East in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1867 to 1871 as a Liberal member.
Evans served as reeve of West Nissouri. He ran unsuccessfully for the East Middlesex seat in the legislative assembly for the Province of Canada in 1863. He was also an unsuccessful candidate for East Middlesex in the 1872 federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="9711157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711157" title="Lewis Wyatt">
Lewis Wyatt

Lewis William Wyatt (1777—1853) was a British architect, a nephew of both Samuel and James Wyatt of the Wyatt family of architects, who articled with each of his uncles and began practice on his own about 1805.
Lewis Wyatt is known primarily for the English country houses he designed, which include restoring and altering Lyme Park and Heaton Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9711161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711161" title="49th World Science Fiction Convention">
49th World Science Fiction Convention

The 49th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Chicon V, was held August 29–September 2, 1991, at the Hyatt Regency Chicago in Chicago, Illinois, USA. The convention was chaired by Kathleen Meyer. Total attendance was reported as 5,661 members.
Programming.
The Guests of Honor were Hal Clement, Martin H. Greenberg, and Richard Powers (pro); and Jon & Joni Stopa (fan). The toastmaster was Marta Randall. Notable program participants included author Clive Barker and Timothy Leary.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711166" title="50th World Science Fiction Convention">
50th World Science Fiction Convention

The 50th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as MagiCon, was held 3–7 September 1992 at the Peabody Hotel and The Clarion Hotel, and the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, Florida, USA.
The chairman was Joe Siclari; Becky Thomson was vice-chairman.
The Guests of Honor were Jack Vance (pro), Vincent Di Fate (artist), and Walter A. Willis (fan).
The toastmaster was Spider Robinson; Mike Resnick acted as Toastmaster for the Meet-the-Pros party.
Total attendance was 5,319, of 6,368 paid memberships.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.
The 1992 Hugo Award base included a black stone backdrop featuring an astronomical scene hand-painted by base designer Phil Tortoricci. The base included orange grating from Cape Canaveral's Pad 29, launch site of America's first successful space satellite, Explorer I.

</doc>
<doc id="9711169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711169" title="52nd World Science Fiction Convention">
52nd World Science Fiction Convention

The 52nd World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as ConAdian, was held 1–5 September 1994 at the Crowne Plaza, Place Louis Riel, and Sheraton hotels, and the Winnipeg Convention Centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. 
The chairman was John Mansfield. The Guests of Honor were Anne McCaffrey (pro), George Barr (artist), and Robert Runte (fan). The toastmaster was Barry B. Longyear. Total attendance was approximately 3,570.
ConAdian was the first Worldcon with its own official website.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.
Hugo Awards.
The 1994 Hugo Awards were presented for work in 1993:

</doc>
<doc id="9711170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711170" title="54th World Science Fiction Convention">
54th World Science Fiction Convention

The 54th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as L.A.con III, was held August 29 through September 2, 1996, at the Hilton Anaheim, Anaheim Marriott, and the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California, USA. The convention was chaired by Mike Glyer. Total attendance was reported as 6,703 members.
The Guests of Honor were James White (writer), Roger Corman (media), Takumi & Sachiko Shibano (fan). Elsie Wollheim had also been chosen as a special Guest of Honor, but died before the convention. The toastmaster was Connie Willis.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are given every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. The 1996 Hugo Award base includes a reel of film and a moonscape as seen in the 1950 film "Destination Moon" as an homage to both that film and the work of artist Chesley Bonestell.

</doc>
<doc id="9711171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711171" title="55th World Science Fiction Convention">
55th World Science Fiction Convention

The 55th World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), was LoneStarCon 2, also known as "The Second Occasional LoneStarCon Science Fiction Convention & Chili Cook-off". The convention was held August 28–September 1, 1997, at the Marriott Rivercenter, Marriott Riverwalk, and the Henry B. Gonzalez Convention Center in San Antonio, Texas, USA. The first LoneStarCon, held in Austin, Texas, had been the North American Science Fiction Convention (NASFiC) in 1985, when the 43rd Worldcon was held in Australia.
The supporting organization was the Austin Literary Arts Maintenance Organization (ALAMO). The chairman was Karen Meschke. The Guests of Honor were Algis Budrys (pro), Michael Moorcock (pro), Don Maitz (artist), and Roy Tackett (fan). The toastmaster was Neal Barrett, Jr. Total attendance was 4,634, of 5,614 paid memberships.
Awards.
The Hugo Awards, named after Hugo Gernsback, are presented every year for the best science fiction or fantasy works and achievements of the previous year. Results are based on the ballots submitted by members of the World Science Fiction Society. Other awards, including the John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer, are also presented each year at Worldcon.

</doc>
<doc id="9711187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711187" title="Agathemerodea">
Agathemerodea

Agathemerodea is a suborder of the insect order Phasmatodea, comprising the stick insects and leaf insects. It consists of the sole genus Agathemera.

</doc>
<doc id="9711198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711198" title="Shunsuke Kiyokiba">
Shunsuke Kiyokiba

His latest work is his 12th single "Mahou No Kotoba" releasing September 29, 2010, 13th single "Yale" releasing October 27, 2010, and his 6th album "ROCK & SOUL" releasing on November 24, 2010, and he will start his 6th nationwide tour ROCK & SOUL in Japan on December 18, 2010.
In July 2011, he recorded a duet "I Believe", with South Korean singer Shin Hye-sung of Shinhwa.
Biography.
Background.
According to his official website, Kiyokiba has played in a band since he was in middle school. Even after the band broke up when he was 18, he still played the guitar in the tunnels in his hometown, alongside others who shared the same interest. By the age of 20, he has worked in the construction business, and has managed a team of teen workers in the field. Then, he participated in a vocal audition organized by a local television station and won. Later, he was signed by the record company, and was brought to Tokyo as one of EXILE's vocalists.
Special Terminologies.
Eno hundert elf.
In spring 2007, Kiyokiba has begun his new brand of clothing line under this name, which came from the number "111" in German. This number is linked to his birthday, January 11, which can sometimes be abbreviated as "0111" or "111".
Kiyokibasstars.
On April 26, 2006, Kiyokiba launched KIYOKIBASSTARS, his official bass fishing website, promoting his hobby of topwater style fishing. There are four official members in his Kiyokibasstars fishing group. His fishing trips to Lake El Salto in Mexico and Lake Castaic in California have been filmed and officially released into DVDs.
Utaiya.
Kiyokiba often referred to himself as "utaiya" (唄い屋). It is a label found on the back of his CDs and in video footage of his DVDs. In February 2007, the website UTAIYA.COM was launched, which stated:
UTAIYA is the persons who sing a song with all our heart and soul.
It is a website which promotes the new artists, Raine Kawane (川根来音) and Shouta Nishihiro (西広しょうた).

</doc>
<doc id="9711203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711203" title="Étoile de Bessèges">
Étoile de Bessèges

The Étoile de Bessèges () is an early-season five-day road bicycle racing stage race held annually in Southern France, around Bessèges. Since 2005, it has been organised as a 2.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour and features as one of the first stage races of the European season.

</doc>
<doc id="9711208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711208" title="Filmfare Award for Best Film – Tamil">
Filmfare Award for Best Film – Tamil

The Filmfare Best Film Award is given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil (Kollywood) films.

</doc>
<doc id="9711215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711215" title="Dieudonné Disi">
Dieudonné Disi

Dieudonné Disi (born 24 November 1980 in Ntyazo-Butare) is a Rwandan long-distance and cross country runner.
In 2009 he competed in the marathon at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, but pulled out at the 28 km mark due to an injury. He rebounded after this with a series of victories in October, winning the 10,000 metres race at the Jeux de la Francophonie, the 20 Kilometres de Paris two weeks later, then equalling the course record at the Reims Half Marathon.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9711216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711216" title="1933 in Northern Ireland">
1933 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9711220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711220" title="Filmfare Award for Best Director – Tamil">
Filmfare Award for Best Director – Tamil

The Filmfare Best Director Award is given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil (Kollywood) films. The awards were extended to "Best Director" in 1972.
K. Balachander leads the list by winning seven awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9711223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711223" title="Dynasty Warriors Vol. 2">
Dynasty Warriors Vol. 2

Gameplay.
Identical to other Dynasty Warriors games, the game characters and models are all from Dynasty Warriors 5, but it includes new features and some from Dynasty Warriors (PSP), including multiplayer fight up to 4 players and the ability to trade officers wirelessly with other players. In addition, Vol. 2 fixes the HUD problem found in the original Dynasty Warriors PSP title.
Like the previous Dynasty Warriors PSP title, the game features unique characters from the Samurai Warriors series as special bodyguards. In this game, the characters and their models are taken from Samurai Warriors 2.
Unlike the Dynasty Warriors series' console iterations, the map is divided into a grid system. Each grid contains enemy troops that will retreat if their morale bar hits 0. Sometimes it is necessary to defeat the enemy officers before the enemy retreats.
Each stage usually has two winning conditions, each of which will lead to another possible battle stage. In this way, the story can be quite different each time you play.
The player will earn extra officers after each map is completed. More officers can be gained by either completing a certain character's Musou mode, obtaining 100% in a stage or clearing an entire faction's stages 100%. As the player unlocks more and more officers, the player has a very wide range of characters to choose from as subordinates, with lots of different advantages and costs. The player can only have between 1 and 4 officers in battle at the same time, depending on the rank of the officers. The player earns more officer command points after each level up.
Some officers only cost 1 command point, but some of the more famous officers cost above the 20 command point mark. Some officers also have special skills you can use by choosing the officer with the D-Pad and then pressing Right on the D-Pad. Most effects are similar to the old 'spoils of war' in previous games, such as replenishing the Musou bar or attack up for 30 seconds. The special abilities can be used every time a star is present on the character's name. The star will then turn into a red circle, which is gradually filled with white, until it becomes a star again.
Stages.
Each kingdom (Wei, Wu, Shu, and Other) has its own unique stage map. The path each player takes through the levels depends on conditions met in each level: the levels have either one or two conditions, of which one must be met for victory. The player begins with a limited number of levels; additional levels will be unlocked during gameplay.
All levels have a hidden treasure trove (a couple have two) and/or a "village mission" that the player may conquer during gameplay. Doing so, along with meeting the condition(s) for victory, will unlock the additional levels.
Treasure Trove areas require that you to defeat a strong "Bonus" enemy officer, many of the "Bonus" officers are from the Samurai Warriors series. If you defeat them quickly they will join you.
Village Missions on the other hand involve defeating a certain number of bandits or defending villagers or mayors in a minute. Sometimes the mission can be to defeat the bandit leader. If the mission fails, the village is lost, and the player cannot complete that mission again without reverting to an older save, or playing the map again.

</doc>
<doc id="9711226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711226" title="Twinings Museum">
Twinings Museum

The Twinings Museum is a small museum adjacent to Twinings Shop at 216, The Strand, London, England.
The museum charts the history of the Twinings family, along with some examples of tea caddies and more unusual items from the world of tea.
External links.
Twinings website

</doc>
<doc id="9711229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711229" title="Philip Watts (naval architect)">
Philip Watts (naval architect)

Sir Philip Watts, KCB, FRS (30 May 1846 – 15 March 1926) was a British naval architect, famous for his design of the revolutionary Elswick cruiser and HMS "Dreadnought".
Early life.
Watts was born in Deptford, Kent and educated at the Dockyard School in Portsmouth and the Royal School of Naval Architecture in South Kensington, London.
Career.
Watts became a constructor to the Admiralty from 1870 to 1885, and reached the rank of Chief constructor. From 1885 to 1901 he was director of the War Shipping department of Armstrong, Whitworth & Co. at Elswick (subsequently returning as a director of the company in 1912); but in 1902 he was appointed Director of Naval Construction at the Admiralty. This post he held until 1912, when he was succeeded by Sir Eustace Tennyson d'Eyncourt and became Adviser to the Admiralty on Naval Construction. In this capacity he played an important part when the World War I came. 
Being the designer of the first dreadnought battleship, it was now up to him to see the use that was made of the fleet which he had brought into being in previous years. He was a member of the royal commission on the Supply and Storage of Liquid Fuel (1912).
Watts was a keen volunteer, and a commanding officer of the 1st Northumberland Artillery Volunteers.
In June 1900 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society and was Vice-president in 1915-1916. He was created KCB in 1905.
Ships designed.
Armstrong, Whitworth & Co
Royal Navy
Family and Later life.
Watts married Elise Isabelle Simonau, daughter of Chevalier Gustave Simonau. They had two daughters.
He died in 1926 and is buried in Brompton Cemetery.

</doc>
