<doc id="9818139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818139" title="Michael Devine (footballer)">
Michael Devine (footballer)

Michael Devine (born 19 March 1973 in Cobh) is a footballer.
Early career.
Devine began playing football with Springfield FC in Cobh, County Cork, where he was capped at U15 and U16 levels, and thereafter signed for English team Middlesbrough. Devine spent four years at Ayresome Park learning his trade before he briefly moved on to Newcastle United and non-league Northallerton. He returned to Ireland to link up with Cobh Wanderers and subsequently joined League of Ireland First Division club Cobh Ramblers.
League of Ireland Premier Division.
Devine made his Cobh debut in August 1993 as a substitute against Cork City in a League Cup tie. He joined League of Ireland Premier Division club Waterford United in 1998 and immediately impressed, later earning a then club record £30,000 transfer to Cork City. The transfer came as City and manager Derek Mountfield were in need of a keeper following a training ground injury to first choice 'keeper Noel Mooney, and Devine's form saw him retain the goalkeeper's jersey even after Mooney returned to full fitness. Noted for excellent shot stopping and spectacular saves, Devine became the "closed door" behind City's defence, eventually winning the League of Ireland championship in 2005 with many critics speculating on a senior Republic of Ireland call-up.
He returned to the Blues in January 2009 [http://www.waterford-united.ie/nextpage.php?subaction=showfull&id=1232401944&archive=&start_from=&ucat=1&].
He then signed for Cork City in March 2010. .He left the club later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="9818150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818150" title="Vickers Valetta">
Vickers Valetta

The Vickers Valetta was a British twin-engine military transport aircraft of the late 1940s.
It was an all-metal mid-wing monoplane with a tailwheel undercarriage.
Design and development.
The Valetta was a military transport development of the Viking civil airliner. The 158th Viking became the prototype Valetta, which was first flown from Brooklands by Mutt Summers on 30 June 1947. The Valetta differed from the Viking fundamentally in being fitted with more powerful engines, a strengthened floor and large loading doors.
The Viking and Valetta provided the basis of the Varsity. The Varsity although similar was slightly larger and had a tricycle landing gear and under-fuselage pannier.
Operational history.
The Valetta C.1 entered service with the RAF in 1948, replacing the Douglas Dakota with RAF Transport Command and with transport squadrons in the Middle and Far East. The Valetta was used used to carry out parachute drops in the 1956 Suez Crisis, and was used to provide transport support for a number of other British Military operations in the 1950s and 1960s, such as during the Malayan Emergency and operations in Aden.
The Valetta T.3 was built to provide a navigational trainer for service with the RAF College at RAF Cranwell and with No.1 and No.2 Air Navigation Schools. 40 were delivered from August 1951. 
18 aircraft were later converted to T.4 standard with a longer nose to fitted to accommodate a radar scanner in order to train crews in the AI (Airborne Interception) role.
Preserved aircraft.
An ex Royal Air Force Valetta C.2 "VX580" is preserved on public display at the Norfolk and Suffolk Aviation Museum located at Flixton, Suffolk

</doc>
<doc id="9818160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818160" title="Chalmaison">
Chalmaison

Chalmaison is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region of north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Chalmasonais".

</doc>
<doc id="9818163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818163" title="La Jolla Cove">
La Jolla Cove

La Jolla Cove is a small, picturesque cove and beach that is surrounded by cliffs in La Jolla, San Diego, California. The Cove is protected as part of a marine reserve; underwater it is very rich in marine life, and is popular with snorkelers and scuba divers. 
The swells that often roll in from the open ocean here can be rather large and strong, and so being in the water at the Cove is not always suitable for people who do not have good water skills. The water temperature is also often a little colder than the average San Diego beach, and the beach has the disadvantage that the dry sand area is very small at high tide. In contrast, during very low tides, a lot of interesting tide pools are revealed at the Cove.
Access.
Free public parking is extremely limited and is all on-street; there are also paid parking garages in the area. From the park at the top of the Cove, there are a few steps down on each side to a "gallery" area with a lot of benches. This gallery includes the entrance to the lifeguard station, where the lifeguard's chalkboard shows useful information updated through the day. From the gallery level there are two steep sets of concrete steps that lead down to the beach itself, although visitors often have to step on rocks to get all the way down to the sand.
Description.
The beach at the Cove is very small, and the sand is gritty. Lifeguards are present at the Cove every day of the year from 9 am until the sun sets. The Cove is a very popular spot for swimming, snorkeling and scuba diving. 
Because La Jolla Cove is within the San Diego-La Jolla Underwater Park (a marine refuge area), swimming devices such as surfboards, boogie boards, and even inflatable mattresses, are not permitted, and kayakers are not allowed into the Cove; these rules are carefully enforced by the lifeguards on duty. Also because the Cove is an ecological reserve, no fishing is allowed. In addition, no collecting of marine invertebrates, (even taking dead specimens or seashells) is allowed in this area. All sea animals in this area are protected by law, including the orange Garibaldi fish, which are unusually common in the Cove. A few sea lions are sometimes seen in the deeper-water parts of the Cove or basking on rocks.
As is the case at other beaches, the lifeguard's chalkboard indicates the time of the next high or low tide, and also the water temperature. The water temperature in the Cove is sometimes cooler than in some other areas of San Diego's coastline because the Cove faces out into much deeper, colder, water. The weather on land is typical of weather in La Jolla, where the temperature year-round seldom exceeds the 50 degrees to 90 degrees range.
Facilities.
Right at the top of the Cove there is a group of outdoor showers, and large public restrooms which include one indoor shower and a indoor area with benches and hooks for changing in and out of swimsuits.
Surrounding area.
Up on the bluffs above the beach, and stretching south to other nearby beaches, including Shell Beach and Children's Pool Beach, is Scripps Park, a well-maintained grassy area with trees and other plantings. Scripps Park is used for picnicking and relaxing.
The La Jolla Cave, also known as "Sunny Jim Cave", is a short walking distance from the Cove and from the local businesses that are situated up above the shoreline. The cave is accessible through The Cave Store, which charges a nominal fee to go down a staircase leading to the cave itself.
Events.
The La Jolla Cove is home to the annual "La Jolla Cove Rough Water Swim" which is one of the oldest ocean swims in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9818180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818180" title="Arion fuscus">
Arion fuscus

"Arion fuscus, "aka "Dusky Arion", is a species of small air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs.
Arion subfuscus (Draparnaud, 1805) is considered by some authors to be a partial synonym for "Arion fuscus". 
"Arion subfuscus" (Draparnaud, 1805) and "A. fuscus" (Müller, 1774) have very similar morphology and have overlapping distributional ranges in northwestern Europe. "Arion fuscus" is widespread throughout Central, North and East Europe whereas "A. subfuscus" is restricted to West Europe.(For practical purposes the two are synonyms in Germany and in the Czech Republic.) The two taxa are referred to as the species complex "Arion subfuscus"/"fuscus" both members having several evolutionary lineages.They are only separable by alloenzyme analysis and gonad type.
Description.
Note. In slugs it is often difficult to establish good criteria for identifying species using external features or internal features, as colouration can be quite variable, and the rather plastic anatomy makes diagnostic anatomical features difficult to establish. 
A 50-70 mm. roundback slug. It is brown in colour, ranging from black-brown through olive-brown to orange and bright reddish-orange. Darker lateral bands are present.Dark pigment reaches under the pneumostome from back to front. The foot fringe is pale with thin lines.The sole is uniformly pale/translucent.The tentacles are pale.It does not contract into a bell shape when stimulated. Differs from other "Arion" species in its yellow-orange body mucus.
Genitalia:Atrium about half diameter of spermatheca, spermatheca spherical, oviduct large and swollen like in "Arion lusitanicus" 
Distribution.
This species occurs in European countries and islands including:
Habitat.
This slug lives under fallen logs and under bark in woodland areas, but it also lives in hedges, gardens, pastures and dunes.

</doc>
<doc id="9818197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818197" title="Hiwa Station">
Hiwa Station

Station building and platforms.
Hiwa Station has two platforms capable of handling two lines simultaneously. The platforms are connected via a foot path across the tracks. The station building is at the top of a very steep embankment (see photo).
Environs.
Hiwa Station is located within a bend in the Takahashi River, which is across Japan National Route 180, about 500m southeast of Hiwa Station. There are thirteen Shinto shrines and four Buddhist temples within one kilometer of the station. The Hiwadani River, a tributary of the Takahashi River, flows out of the Hiwa Valley above the station, emptying into the Takahashi River near the station. The Okayama Sōja plant of Nikken Lease Kōgyō, one of Japan's largest industrial and commercial equipment and supplies leasing companies, is visible from the station.

</doc>
<doc id="9818204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818204" title="Chambry, Seine-et-Marne">
Chambry, Seine-et-Marne

Chambry is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Chambryciens".

</doc>
<doc id="9818212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818212" title="Alexander Müller">
Alexander Müller

Alexander Müller or Alex Müller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9818224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818224" title="Mount Bandai">
Mount Bandai

, also known as , , and , is a stratovolcano in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
In a major eruption on July 15, 1888 the north and east parts of the caldera collapsed in a massive landslide, forming two lakes, Hibara-ko and Onogawa-ko, as well as several minor lakes called Goshiki-numa, or the 'Five Coloured Lakes'.
The lake district formed by this cataclysm became known variously as Urabandai or Bandai-kōgen, and has become a tourist destination.
This last eruption was particularly tremendous and completely reshaped its vicinity. All the surrounding villages were destroyed, killing 461 people and burning another 70. Volcanic debris blocking nearby rivers created lakes and ponds.
Climbing Mount Bandai.
There are six major routes up Mount Bandai. 

</doc>
<doc id="9818241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818241" title="Earnest Rhone">
Earnest Rhone

Earnest Calvin "Earnie" Rhone (born August 20, 1953) is a former American football linebacker who played ten seasons in the National Football League for the Miami Dolphins. He now is currently the assistant head coach and defensive tackles coach at Texas High School in Texarkana, Texas. 
Career.
Rhone was a backup until 1981, when he became the team captain. He was released prior to the 1985 season, which was a big surprise to the team and according to then head coach Don Shula, releasing Rhone "was one of the toughest decisions he has made in coaching." He went on to say that ``Earnie has meant so much to us over the years. I`m sorry it had to come down to this. I`ve never seen a guy work harder to overcome all those knee operations. Maybe in the long run some of those operations caused him to lose a step. You have to assume something happened, because two years ago he was our defensive captain.`` Teammate Bob Brudinski said ``What`s happening down there?,`` he asked. ``The guy is a real good player. He knows the defense inside out.`` Upon his release, Rhone said,``I can accept this,`` ``I have a couple of options open. Of course, I still feel I can play. I just have to decide if I want to play. It`s been a good 10 years here. I realize Coach Shula had a tough decision to make.`` However, Rhone retired.

</doc>
<doc id="9818264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818264" title="Ivar Stukolkin">
Ivar Stukolkin

Ivar Stukolkin (born August 13, 1960 in Tallinn) is a retired Estonian swimmer. He is an Olympic champion in swimming.
Achievements.
Besides two Olympic medals Stukolkin won a silver medal at the 1982 World Championships (4×200 m freestyle relay). He has been Soviet Union champion once in 1978 and has won sixteen titles in Estonian SSR.
Records.
Stukolkin has set 32 records in Estonian SSR and he currently holds them in 400 and 1500 metre freestyle swimming. These records were set in a 50-metre swimming pool.

</doc>
<doc id="9818265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818265" title="Chamigny">
Chamigny

Chamigny is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Chamignots".

</doc>
<doc id="9818277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818277" title="Eumorpha satellitia">
Eumorpha satellitia

The Satellite sphinx ("Eumorpha satellitia") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It lives from Brazil and northern Argentina north through Central America, Mexico, and the West Indies to south Texas and southern Arizona.
The wingspan is 114-134 mm. Adults are on wing from April to August and then again in October. They feed on the nectar of various flowers, including "Petunia hybrida", "Saponaria officinalis" and "Lychnis alba".
The larvae feed on "Cissus pseudosicyoides" and "Cissus rhombifolia". Pupation takes place underground. 
External links.
ñjlkjlkjñlkj

</doc>
<doc id="9818280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818280" title="Gaugericus">
Gaugericus

Saint Gaugericus, in French Saint Géry (also known as Gorik, Gau; in Walloon, Djèri) (ca. 550—August 11, ca. 626) was a bishop of Cambrai. He was born to Roman parents, Gaudentius and Austadiola, at "Eposium" (present Carignan). Tradition states that the bishop of Trier, Magneric, was so impressed with the piety of the young Gaugericus that he had the young man ordained. Gaugericus filled the see of Cambrai-Arras around 585 at the consent of Childebert II.
Gaugericus was consecrated by Egidius, bishop of Reims. He devoted himself to fighting paganism, ransoming captives and visiting rural districts. He paid his respects to King Chlothar II, the new lord of Cambrai after the death of Childebert, and assisted at the Council of Paris in 614. He was buried in the church of Saint Médard, which he had founded at Cambrai.
Saint-Géry Island, in Brussels, is named after him.
Veneration.
Veneration occurred immediately after his death. His feast day is mentioned in the martyrology of Rabanus Maurus. His feast day falls on August 11. 

</doc>
<doc id="9818296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818296" title="Champagne-sur-Seine">
Champagne-sur-Seine

Champagne-sur-Seine is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Champenois".

</doc>
<doc id="9818301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818301" title="Technetium (99mTc) nofetumomab merpentan">
Technetium (99mTc) nofetumomab merpentan

Technetium (99mTc) nofetumomab merpentan (trade name Verluma) is a mouse monoclonal antibody used in the diagnosis of lung cancer, gastrointestinal, breast, ovary, pancreas, kidney, cervix, and bladder carcinoma. The antibody itself, nofetumomab, is attached to the chelator merpentan, which links it to the radioisotope technetium-99m (99mTc).

</doc>
<doc id="9818321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818321" title="Dag Hammarskjold Middle School">
Dag Hammarskjold Middle School

Dag Hammarskjold Middle School, generally referred to as Dag, is a New Haven County public middle school located on the east side of Wallingford, Connecticut, next to the Lyman Hall High School campus. Dag is part of the Wallingford Public Schools district. It is one of two public middle schools in Wallingford, the other being James H. Moran.
History.
Built in 1961, the school was named to honor the international peace advocate and former Secretary General of the United Nations, Dag Hammarskjöld. The first principal of the school was Dr. Martin Skimmy.
Administration.
The current principal of Dag Hammarskjold Middle School in Wallingford, CT is Sashi Govin. The assistant principal is Nicolas DaPonte. The guidance counselor is Paul Santagata. There are seventy teachers and thirty one support staff members. This group of staff helps the seven hundred and nine students through sixth, seventh and eighth grade.
Renovation.
The 1997 renovation and expansion of Dag's three-story plant produced a huge new library/media center which is linked to over 140 student-used computers throughout in the building. Other improvements included a new gymnasium, an occupational/physical therapy room for the physically handicapped, and a redesign of the cafeteria, guidance, and central office areas. Additional teaching areas were also added, making a total of 67 classrooms.
A renovation project that began in 2004 and was completed in the fall of 2006 included an overhaul of the science rooms to facilitate inquiry-based instruction in a laboratory setting. The project also included the renovation of the woodworking and metal shops, making them state-of-the-art facilities. There was also extensive work on building ventilation as well as ventilation and lighting work in the gymnasium, along with any required code updates throughout the building.

</doc>
<doc id="9818342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818342" title="Claudio Corti (climber)">
Claudio Corti (climber)

Claudio Corti (1928 – 3 February 2010) was a mountain climber from Olginate, Italy. He is most famous for his 1957 effort to climb the 1938 route on the north face of the Eiger, during which his party was stranded and a massive rescue operation was organized. Corti was successfully rescued, but his partner, Stefano Longhi, was not.
1957 Eiger attempt and rescue.
The German team of Gunther Nothdurft and Franz Meyer, who met the Italian team on the face, successfully summited but died on the way down.
Corti, who spent over a week on the face, became the centre of a great deal of controversy. He could not produce a coherent story about what happened on the face, and this, coupled with a sensationalistic press campaign and the opinions expressed by Heinrich Harrer in "The White Spider", created an atmosphere of deep suspicion around him. However, he was completely cleared when the dead Germans' bodies were found on the opposite side of the mountain.
The rescue operation itself is known as one of the greatest of all time. The operation crossed international boundaries and included many men. The local Swiss guides got a lot of criticism for not responding. However, it was their policy not to respond to parties trapped on the face because they generally thought it foolish to climb the face and that a rescue would risk the lives of the rescuers.
Jack Olsen investigated the rescue and interviewed Corti in the early 1960s, using his research as the basis for "The Climb up to Hell".
In 2008 Italian writer Giorgio Spreafico released a book on the 1957 Eiger tragedy, "Il prigioniero dell'Eiger" ("The Eiger Prisoner"); the book contains a long interview with Claudio Corti, and a detailed historic reconstruction of the events.
Other climbing.
The Eiger controversy in some way overshadowed the rest of Corti's mountaineering career. Corti climbed extensively in the Alps, becoming the first person to open two new routes on Piz Badile, and making early repeats of important routes. While not reaching the summit, he had an important role on the successful 1973-74 expedition of the "Ragni di Lecco" to climb the west face of Cerro Torre, a climb considered by some the first true ascent of the Torre.

</doc>
<doc id="9818362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818362" title="Tectivirus">
Tectivirus

The "Tectiviridae" is a family of double-stranded DNA viruses that infect bacteria and archea. "Tectiviridae" have no head-tail structure, but are capable of producing tail-like tubes of ~ 60×10 nm upon adsorption or after chloroform treatment. The name is derived from Latin "tectus" (meaning 'covered'). 
There is a single genus in this family—genus Tectivirus. 
The type species is Enterobacteria phage PRD1.
Virology.
The virions of Tectiviridae species are non-enveloped, icosahedral and display a pseudo T=25 symmetry. The capsid has two layers. The outer layer is a protein structure of 240 capsid proteins trimers, and the inner one is a proteinaceous lipid membrane which envelopes the virus genome. Apical spikes extending about 20 nanometers (nm) protrude from the icosahedrons vertices.
The genome is a single molecule of linear double-stranded DNA of 15 kilobases in length. It forms a tightly packed coil and encodes several structural proteins. It encodes about 30 proteins that are transcribed in operons. At least 9 structural proteins are present in the viron. 
The genome is about 66 megaDaltons in weight and constitutes 14–15% of the virion by weight. Lipids constitute a further 15% by weight. Carbohydrates are not present.
Life cycle.
After adsorbion to the host cell surface the virion extrudes a tail-tube structure through a vertex for genome delivery into the host.
Capsid proteins polymerize around a lipoprotein vesicle translocated in the cytoplasm by virion assembly factors.
Mature virons are released by lysis, which, in the case of PRD1, is achieved with the aid of virus-encoded lysis machinery consisting of four proteins: P15 (endolysin), P35 (holin), P36 and P37 (homologues of the Rz/Rz1 proteins of phage lambda).
References.
ICTVdB—The Universal Virus Database ICTVdB Management (2006). 00.068. Tectiviridae. In: ICTVdB - The Universal Virus Database, version 3. Büchen-Osmond, C. (Ed), Columbia University, New York, USA
Virus Taxonomy: Eighth Report of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses
H.V. Van Regenmortel, D.H.L. Bishop, M. H. Van Regenmortel, Claude M. Fauquet (Eds)
68.0.1. Tectivirus

</doc>
<doc id="9818367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818367" title="Géry">
Géry

Géry is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9818371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818371" title="Champcenest">
Champcenest

Champcenest is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.

</doc>
<doc id="9818373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818373" title="Tam David-West">
Tam David-West

Tamunoemi Sokari David-West (born August 26, 1936), popularly known as Tam David-West, is a Nigerian academic, social critic, and former federal minister.
Biography and Education.
Please be aware that the identity of Mr. West is being used for fraudulent purposes, internet scam. 
David-West was born in Buguma, Kalabari, in what is now Rivers State. He received his higher education at the University of Ibadan (1956–1958) and earned a BSc degree at Michigan State University (1958–1960), an MSc degree at Yale University (1960–1962), and a PhD degree at McGill University (1964–1966). David-West was consultant virologist and senior lecturer at the University of Ibadan in 1969 and was subsequently promoted to professor of virology in 1975.
Government and Ministership.
David-West served in Nigerian government as commissioner for education and a member of the Executive Council of Rivers State (1975–1979), as a member of the fifty-person Constitution Drafting Committee for the Federal Military Government of General Murtala Muhammed (1979), as federal minister of petroleum and energy under General Muhammadu Buhari (1984–1985), and as minister of mines, power, and steel under General Ibrahim Babangida (1986), eventually being purged and arrested.
Social Criticism and Politics.
David-West has been an outspoken and controversial critic of Nigerian government policy since his purge and arrest under the military regime of General Babangida. David-West criticized the unconstitutionality of the advisory council established by President Goodluck Jonathan in 2010, and he voiced caution against government unreservedly opening its doors to United States intelligence. Although he is not affiliated with any political party, David-West supported Chibuike Amaechi of the right-wing-leaning People's Democratic Party for reelection as governor of Rivers State.
Virology and Philosophy.
David-West is the author of academic papers in virology that have appeared in scholarly journals such as "Journal of Pathology and Bacteriology" (1966), "Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene" (1973), "Intervirology" (1974), and "Journal of Hygiene" (1974). He also wrote the book "Philosophical Essays: Reflections on the Good Life" (1980), in which he describes himself as a follower of British analytic philosopher and social critic Bertrand Russell. David-West's lecture in philosophy “God, Nature and the Universe” (1981) was delivered at the University of Ibadan.

</doc>
<doc id="9818389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818389" title="Western Australian state election, 1996">
Western Australian state election, 1996

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 14 December 1996 to elect all 57 members to the Legislative Assembly and all 34 members to the Legislative Council. The Liberal–National coalition government, led by Premier Richard Court, won a second term in office against the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Dr Geoff Gallop since 15 October 1996.
The election resulted in the Liberals winning an outright majority for the first time in Western Australia's history. Although Court did not need the support of the Nationals, the coalition was retained. Meanwhile, Labor attracted its lowest share of the primary vote since 1901.
Results.
Legislative Assembly.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="9818393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818393" title="1995 Arena Football League season">
1995 Arena Football League season

The 1995 Arena Football League season was the ninth season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Tampa Bay Storm, who defeated the Orlando Predators in ArenaBowl IX. The AFL re-aligned its divisions for the third straight year. It re-aligned to two divisions per conference. It remains this way today.
Team Movement.
Five expansion teams formed in the league: the Connecticut Coyotes, Iowa Barnstormers, Memphis Pharaohs, St. Louis Stampede, and the San Jose SaberCats.
Meanwhile, both the Fort Worth Cavalry and the Massachusetts Marauders were suspended and the Cleveland Thunderbolts folded. The Denver Dynamite remained inactive.

</doc>
<doc id="9818401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818401" title="Gerald Feinberg">
Gerald Feinberg

Gerald Feinberg (27 May 1933, New York City – 21 April 1992, New York City) was a Columbia University physicist, futurist and populist author. He spent a year as a Member of the Institute for Advanced Study, and two years at the Brookhaven Laboratories.
Scientific work.
He coined the term tachyon for hypothetical faster-than-light particles and analysed their quantum field properties, predicted the existence of the muon neutrino and advocated cryonics as a public service. He was a member of the Foresight Institute's advisory panel.
Parapsychology.
Feinberg wrote a foreword to Edgar Mitchell's book "Psychic Explorations" (1974) in which he wrote that psychic phenomena may not contradict "known physical laws" and may prove explicable "within the existing body of physical principle." Feinberg also wrote that the theoretical concept of an "advance wave" which heralds the propagation of light may eventually explain some types of precognition.
Feinberg's concept of a tachyon, a theoretical particle that travels faster than the speed of light has been advocated by some parapsychologists who claim that it could explain some psychic phenomena such as psychokinesis. Feinberg also suggested that telepathy may exist due to as yet undiscovered elementary particles which he called 'psychons' or 'mindons'.

</doc>
<doc id="9818431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818431" title="H. Allen Orr">
H. Allen Orr

H. Allen Orr is University Professor and Shirley Cox Kearns Professor of Biology at the University of Rochester.
Education and career.
He earned his Bachelor’s degree in Biology and Philosophy from the College of William and Mary and his Ph.D. in Biology from the University of Chicago. At Chicago, Orr studied under Jerry Coyne. He performed postdoctoral research at the University of California, Davis.
Work.
Orr is an evolutionary geneticist whose research focuses on the genetics of speciation and the genetics of adaptation, in particular on the genetic basis of hybrid sterility and inviability. How many genes cause reproductive isolation between species? What are the normal functions of these genes and what evolutionary forces drove their divergence? He studies these problems through genetic analysis of reproductive isolation between species of "Drosophila".
In his adaptation work, Orr is interested in theoretical rules or patterns that might characterize the population genetics of adaptation. He studies these patterns using both population genetic theory and experiment. His early work on Drosophila set the terms of much of the current research on speciation. Orr is said to be one of the few evolutionary biologists ever to have made fundamental contributions about how changes occur within lineages over time, "and" about how lineages split to result in new species.
Speciation.
His book "Speciation", co-authored with Jerry Coyne, was hailed in Science as "exceedingly well-written and persuasive". They consider that studying speciation is largely synonymous with studying reproductive isolation, and explore what we know about where, when, and how isolating barriers evolve. Following Ernst Mayr they argue that speciation usually occurs where populations are geographically isolated or allopatric. They present evidence for the primacy of natural and sexual selection over genetic drift in driving speciation. Signatures of positive selection on genes involved in postzygotic isolation and reproductive proteins as well as experimental evidence from both the lab and field connect adaptation and sexual selection to reproductive isolation. They also present evidence for the congruence of the Dobzhansky-Muller model for the evolution of postzygotic isolation with the genetics of hybrid incompatibilities in many natural systems. Results that support their conclusions in the book continue to be published
Philosophy, science and religion.
Orr frequently reviews books that seek to link biological ideas to religion or philosophy - this aspect of his work was specifically cited in his appointment as Shirley Cox Kearns Professor.
He believes that "Good science demands two things: that you ask the right questions and that you get the right answers. Although science education focuses almost exclusively on the second task, a good case can be made that the first is both the harder and the more important. Getting Mendel's laws from Mendel's data may not be easy, but surely the hardest part is daring to ask Mendel's question: Despite all appearances to the contrary, might heredity obey simple laws?".
Orr considers "scientism, the view that all truths are ultimately scientific" to be naive, hubristic and just plain wrong and is generally critical of what he sees as unwarranted attempts to generalise or draw philosophical conclusions from scientific facts. He laments the popular trend whereby "some pet theory gets elevated to its rightful place as 'the' way to think about evolution. But this longing to dress up biology in unusual new perspectives has, so far, yielded more book deals than results".
He is highly critical of William Dembski's 2002 book "No Free Lunch" suggesting that although the counterintuitive No Free Lunch theorems of computer science do indeed rule out the generation of "specified complexity" in a specific technical sense, this has nothing to do with Darwinism which is not trying to reach a pre-specified target, and of Michael Behe's 1996 book "Darwin's Black Box" which he characterises as "cleverly argued, biologically informed — and wrong". He concedes that there are biological systems which are irreducibly complex in Behe's sense but suggests that "An irreducibly complex system can be built gradually by adding parts that, while initially just advantageous, become — because of later changes — essential". He also suggests that, while he has "utter confidence in Behe's biochemistry" Behe "is not at home in the technical evolution literature."
However he is also critical of Daniel Dennett, Steven Pinker and Richard Dawkins, expressing serious reservations about their arguments and defending these in extended follow-up correspondence.
Orr is not satisfied by Stephen Jay Gould's NOMA suggestion. Whilst highly critical of claims that physics has "found God" he points out that "many of the century’s leading scientists – including some of the brightest stars of evolutionary biology...were deeply religious... Theodosius Dobzhansky was a Christian and something of an amateur theologian; Sir Ronald Fisher was a deeply devout Anglican who, between founding modern statistics and population genetics, penned articles for church magazines; and J.B.S. Haldane was an unabashed mystic". However Orr thinks that Gould's redefinition of religion to be solely concerned with moral values is not what anyone who practices the thing means by religion (or almost anyone, anyway), and that it will not do to pretend that all will be well in some imagined world where people of goodwill pursue invariably consonant views. So whereas it may be that the road Gould cuts is in a sensible enough direction (a considerable improvement over the present state in which creationists pester scientists and scientists preach values, and avoiding many of the inanities that often accompany talk of religion by scientists) it is a far bumpier road than Gould lets on.
Awards and recognition.
Orr has been the recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship, a David and Lucile Packard Fellowship, an Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Postdoctoral Fellowship, and a Rockefeller Foundation Scholar in Residence Fellowship at Bellagio Study Center, Italy. He was awarded the Dobzhansky Prize by the Society for the Study of Evolution and the Young Investigator Prize by the American Society of Naturalists. He was also named Professor of the Year in Natural Sciences by the Student Association at University of Rochester in 2002. In 2008 he was one of thirteen recipients of the Darwin-Wallace Medal, which is bestowed every 50 years by the Linnean Society of London.
Publications.
Orr is widely published in some of the leading scientific journals including Nature, Science and PNAS.
Scientific publications.
Orr's more notable papers include:
Reviews.
Orr's frequent contributions of book reviews and critical essays to such publications as The New Yorker and The New York Review of Books are cited as an important part of his work. The following is a selection of his more notable literary criticism and academic book reviews:

</doc>
<doc id="9818464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818464" title="Champdeuil">
Champdeuil

Champdeuil is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.

</doc>
<doc id="9818468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818468" title="Battle of Wuhe">
Battle of Wuhe

The battle of Wuhe (五河战斗) was a battle fought at the Five Rivers (Wuhe, 五河) region in eastern Anhui was a clash between the communists and the former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime force who rejoined the nationalists after World War II. The battle was one of the Chinese Civil War in the immediate post World War II era.
Prelude.
Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, this conflict also rooted from the fact that Chiang Kai-shek had realized that his nationalist regime simply had neither the sufficient troops nor enough transportation assets to deploy his troops into the Japanese-occupied regions of China. Unwilling to let the communists who had already dominated most of the rural regions in China to further expand their territories by accepting the Japanese surrender and thus would consequently control the Japanese occupied regions, Chiang Kai-shek ordered the Japanese and their turncoat Chinese puppet regime not to surrender to the communists and kept their fighting capabilities to “maintain order” in the Japanese occupied regions, fighting off the communists as necessary, until the final arrivals and completion of the deployment of the nationalist troops. As a result, most members of the Japanese puppet regimes and their military forces rejoined the nationalists.
However, most of these former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime forces were not from Chiang Kai-shek’s own clique, but instead, they were mainly consisted of troops of warlords who were only nominally under the Chiang Kai-shek’s before World War II, since they were nationalists in name only and mostly maintained their independent and semi-independent status. These warlords were only interested in keeping their own power and defected to the Japanese side when Japanese invaders offered to let them keep their power in exchange for their collaborations. After World War II, these forces of former Japanese puppet regimes once again returned to the nationalist camp for the same reason they defected to the Japanese invaders. Obviously, it was difficult for Chiang to immediately get rid of these warlords for good as soon as they surrendered to Chiang and rejoined nationalists, because such move would alienate other factions within the nationalist ranks, and these former Japanese puppet regime's warlords could still help the nationalists to gain more territories by holding on to what was under their control until Chiang completed the deployment of his own troops to take over. Chiang Kai-shek’s objective was to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, which proved to be an extremely fatal mistake for him and his nationalist regime later on, as shown in this conflict.
Nationalist Strategy.
In accordance with his strategy to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, Chiang Kai-shek and his followers had hoped that these former Japanese puppet regime's warlords who rejoined the nationalists would be able to hold on to the regions long enough for Chiang to deploy his own troops by holding off communists. If the communists were victorious in such conflicts, however, the result would still benefit to Chiang and China because the power of these warlords would be reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists, and the warlord problem plagued China for so long could thus be greatly reduced, while at the same time, communists would be weakened by the fights and Chiang's own troops would have easier time to take control.
For the former nationalist turned Japanese puppet regime forces, these warlords and their troops had no problem of following Chiang Kai-shek’s orders, and they were eager to prove themselves. These warlords and their troops were well aware that due to the collaboration with the Japanese invaders during the Second Sino-Japanese War, they were well hated by the general population in China, including those nationalists who refused to surrender to the enemy and fought the enemy until the eventual victory. Therefore, in the impending demilitarization after World War II, they were certainly be disarmed and discharged, which would probably be the best outcome and the power of these warlord would be reduced or even completely eliminated as a result. Chiang Kai-shek’s ordering them not surrendering to the communists and fighting off the communists was a savior for them because by carrying out such orders, these warlords and their troops could legitimize themselves and thus retain their power by fighting the communists who were targeted as rebels by Chiang Kai-shek and his nationalist regime.
Communist Strategy.
The communist strategy was much simpler than that of the nationalists because there was not any huge division within the communist rank like that of the nationalist. The communists already earned considerable popular support by being the only Chinese force left in the region fighting the Japanese invaders and their puppet regime after the nationalist withdrew, and after successfully establishing communist bases in the rural regions where better life was provided to the general populace in comparison to that of Japanese occupied regions, the general Chinese populace agreed that the communists were well deserved to represent the China to accept the invaders’ surrender in the region and takeover the regions occupied by the invaders.
Battle.
On August 24, 1945, the 4th Division of the New Fourth Army attacked the city of Five Rivers (Wu He, 五河) in the eastern Anhui after the local defenders refused to surrender. The former nationalist turned Japanese puppet regime forces who rejoined nationalist in the after World War II proved to be absolutely no match for the attacking enemy, and the entire garrison consisted of five companies were lost with over 500 being captured alive (including the commander) by the attacking enemy. In addition, the enemy also succeeded in capturing eight light machine guns and over four hundred repeating rifles.
Outcome.
Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, this conflict also showed that Chiang Kai-shek’s attempt to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together proved to be a fatal mistake. Although the result of the campaign turned out exactly like Chiang Kai-shek and his subordinates had predicted, and consequently the power of the warlords in this region was indeed reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists, so that the warlord problem plagued China for so long was thus reduced for this particular region, and Chiang Kai-shek’s secondary objective was achieved here, any positive gains obtained by the nationalists were negated by the politic fallout. The reason was that this success of achieving the secondary objective came at a huge cost in nationalists’ loss of popular support in this region formerly dominated by the Japanese, because the local population had already blamed nationalilsts for losing the regions to the Japanese invaders, while reassigning these former Japanese puppet regime forces as the nationalist forces to fight the communists, the only Chinese force left in the regions, only further alienated the local populace and strengthened the popular resentment to Chiang Kai-shek and his nationalist regime.
The communists did not have the dilemmas faced by the nationalists and enjoyed popular support, and thus was able to easily overwhelm their nationalist adversary, and thus achieving victory without much difficulty, further threatening Bangbu (蚌埠). Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, the political gain was much greater than the military one for the communists as result of this battle.

</doc>
<doc id="9818469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818469" title="Londesborough">
Londesborough

Londesborough is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is situated approximately north of the market town of Market Weighton.
The civil parish is formed by the village of Londesborough and the hamlet of Middlethorpe.
According to the 2011 UK census, Londesborough parish had a population of 182, a reduction of one on the 2001 UK census figure.
The Yorkshire Wolds Way National Trail, a long distance footpath passes through the village.
Londesborough Hall was a country house in the village but all that now remains is the park land that surrounded the house which is called Londesborough Park.
The church dedicated to All Saints was designated in 1967 by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building.
Londesborough was served by Londesborough railway station on the York to Beverley Line between 1847 and 1965.
Notable people.
Andy Strangeway, the first man to visit and sleep on all of Scotland's major islands, was born in Londesborough in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="9818475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818475" title="Evan Moore">
Evan Moore

Evan James Moore (born January 3, 1985) is an American football tight end, currently a free agent in the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Green Bay Packers as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football and college basketball at Stanford.
Early years.
Moore attended Brea Olinda High School in Orange County, California and was an All-American in both football and basketball. He led his basketball team with 24.5 points per game and his football team with 13 touchdowns his senior year. He was named the "Orange County Athlete of the Year" for his performance in the athletic arena. Other notable recipients of this award include Tony Gonzalez (Atlanta Falcons) and DeShaun Foster (Carolina Panthers). His high school career propelled him into a position to play both football and basketball on a full scholarship at Stanford University. He chose Stanford over USC and UCLA.
College career.
At Stanford, Moore was the starting wide receiver for 3 years. He had a breakout sophomore season, leading his team in touchdown receptions. The following year (his junior season) he suffered a serious injury, a dislocated hip, which sidelined him for the entire season. He was able to receive a medical redshirt for his junior season. At Stanford, Moore graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Political Science and a Master's degree in Business and Organizational Behavior.
Moore also played basketball for two years at Stanford University.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
Moore went undrafted in the 2008 NFL Draft. On May 22, 2008 Moore signed with the Green Bay Packers. He was placed on the injured reserve list after sustaining a knee injury in a game against the San Francisco 49ers.
Cleveland Browns.
Moore was signed to the Cleveland Browns practice squad on November 9, 2009 once he recovered from a broken hand suffered in training camp with the Green Bay Packers. He was promoted to the active roster December 5. In Moore's NFL debut against the San Diego Chargers, he caught 6 passes for 80 yards and was the team's leading receiver on the day. After playing in only 5 regular season games with the Cleveland Browns in 2009, Moore led all tight ends in receptions and yards on the season and was among the team's top receiving targets. He followed this up with a solid 2010 season, leading the Browns with just over 22 yards per reception. Following this 2010 season, Moore signed a 3 year deal reportedly worth just over $3 million per year. In 2011, Moore led the Browns in touchdown receptions, and was once again one of the team's leading receiving targets. He was released by the Browns on August 31, 2012.
Seattle Seahawks.
Moore signed with the Seattle Seahawks on September 1, 2012 to an undisclosed contract. He was released December 19, 2012.
Philadelphia Eagles.
On December 20, 2012, the day after being released by the Seahawks, Moore was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles. He was released on April 29, 2013, due to a 90-man roster cut.
Personal.
Evan is married to Colby Moore, a former star UCLA volleyball player. They reside in Southern California. Victoria, his younger sister, attended and played volleyball at the University of Arizona and is now married to Philadelphia Eagles' QB Nick Foles. His brother-in-law, Chase Lyman, played WR at the University of California and for the New Orleans Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="9818476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818476" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1996–2001">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1996–2001

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly from 1996 to 2001:

</doc>
<doc id="9818512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818512" title="Spawn installation">
Spawn installation

In personal computer games, a spawn installation is an installed copy of a game that may only be used to play in multiplayer mode, or otherwise limits the amount of single-player content accessible to the user. Additionally, some spawn implementations only allow the user to join games hosted by the installer's cd-key. There are several purposes for a spawn installation, including but not limited to creating added value by allowing the owner of the game to experience the multiplayer mode with friends and demonstrating the game to more potential buyers.
A similar concept (for example, in some "Command & Conquer" games) is the use of multiple game discs. Each disc contains a discrete portion of the game, such as an individual campaign. Sharing a disc with a friend allows both the owner and the friend to experience the full content of each respective disc, but not at the same time. In contrast with spawn installations, the disadvantage to the multiple-disc approach was that the game could only be shared among as many people as there were discs, while spawn installations could be used on any number of systems.
This concept is very similar to the single-card-multiplayer "Download Play" option that some Nintendo DS games offer (such as Super Mario 64 DS). The difference here, however, is that a spawn installation is installed on the system like a normal program, whereas the Nintendo DS only keeps its downloaded copy in memory while it is powered on.

</doc>
<doc id="9818517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818517" title="Eumorpha triangulum">
Eumorpha triangulum

Eumorpha triangulum is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is found in Mexico, Belize, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Argentina and possibly south-eastern Paraguay.
The wingspan is 99-119 mm for males and 103-130 mm for females. It is similar to "Eumorpha anchemolus", but the forewing upperside pattern is more contrasting and variegated. There is a prominent discal spot found on the greenish buff basal area of the hindwing upperside.
Adults are on wing year round.
The larvae feed on "Saurauia montana" and "Cissus rhombifolia", as well as Actinidiaceae species. They have a well-developed anal horn in the first instar, becoming less prominent as the larvae develop. 

</doc>
<doc id="9818523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818523" title="Champeaux, Seine-et-Marne">
Champeaux, Seine-et-Marne

Champeaux is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Campéliens".

</doc>
<doc id="9818549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818549" title="Drinking Gasoline">
Drinking Gasoline

Drinking Gasoline is an EP, released on Virgin Records in 1985 by Cabaret Voltaire as 2 x 12" singles, consisting of four songs from the "Gasoline in Your Eye" videocassette that had not been previously issued on vinyl. All known copies of the original UK pressing had labels on the wrong discs (i.e. side 1 label on side 3 disc, side 2 label on side 4 disc...) It peaked at #71 in the UK.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Richard H. Kirk and Stephen Mallinder.

</doc>
<doc id="9818553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818553" title="Richard Long (MP 1734–1741)">
Richard Long (MP 1734–1741)

Richard Long (ca. 16911760) was an English politician.
Born in Steeple Ashton, Wiltshire, he was the first son of Richard Long (1668-1730) of Rood Ashton by his first wife Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Long of Rowden, Chippenham. Educated at the Middle Temple 1706 and Queen's College, Oxford 1707, he married Anne, daughter and heiress of John Martyn of Hinton, Steeple Ashton, Wiltshire. They had two sons and three daughters.
Long succeeded in 1730 to the Chippenham estate of his maternal uncle Thomas Long. He was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Chippenham 24 April 1734, retaining his seat until 1741. His only recorded vote in the House of Commons was against the Spanish Convention [http://www.classicpersuasion.org/cbo/chatham/chat02.htm] in 1739.
Under a Chancery Decree that same year, he acquired Bowood House and park as the principal creditor of the financially embattled owner, Sir Orlando Bridgeman. In 1754 Long sold it to the first Earl of Shelburne.
He did not stand for Parliament again and died 6 May 1760. His grandson was Richard Godolphin Long.

</doc>
<doc id="9818558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818558" title="Don't Stay">
Don't Stay

Don't Stay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9818587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818587" title="Jingshan–Zhongxiang Campaign">
Jingshan–Zhongxiang Campaign

Jingshan – Zhongxiang Campaign (京钟战役) was half a year-long struggle in Hubei between the nationalists and the communists for the control of Jingshan and Zhongxiang regions during the Chinese Civil War and resulted in communist victory.
In the second half of 1947, Liu Bocheng, Deng Xiaoping and Li Xiannian decided to reestablish Jianghan (江汉) Military Region by combining the communist 5th Division from southern Shaanxi and the communist force in western Hubei in the Dabie Mountains, and Zhao Jimei (赵基梅) was named as the first commander. On December 14, 1947, under the new commander Zhang Caiqian (张才千), the communist force crossed the Beijing – Hankou railroad to strengthen their positions, and on December 20, 1947, the 1st Regiment of the communist Independent Brigade launched its assault on Jingshan. Faced with overwhelming enemy force, the security battalion guarding the city was forced to retreat without a fight, but in the haste of retreat, the nationalists failed to destroy abundant provisions stocked in the city, and thus provided the enemy with great resources, which proved to be fatal for the nationalists in the subsequent battles in the region.
At 3:00 AM on December 22, 1947, the communists concentrated their forces by gathering three regiments to start their march toward Zhongxiang. The nationalist force was scattered to defend other isolated positions and thus was not able to regroup and reinforce the Zhongxiang, which was defended by a single regiment. After an hour of fierce battle, all of the nationalist positions in the outskirt of the city fell and being cut off by the attack enemy, the surviving defenders of these positions were forced to retreat to other directions instead of back into the city.
After witness the annihilation of the defenders outside the city wall, the defenders inside the city wall attempted to breakout via the south gate, but they were beaten back into the city. At 4:00 PM, the final assault on the city begun under the cover of shelling of the nationalist positions from several dozen artillery pieces and machine gun fire from over 90 machine guns. The defenders were completely suppressed and the attacking enemy was able to breach the city wall at places of White Tiger Hall (Bai Hu Tang, 白虎堂) and Fuying Hall (Fu Yin Hall, 福音堂). The enemy assault team was able to subsequently breach the defense at the Great East Gate of the city wall, enabling the main force of the attacking enemy to enter the city via the gap. After several hours of brave and desperate but futile street fighting put up by the nationalists, the defenders were completely wiped out by the enemy before dusk. The communists gathered 367 cadavers of the nationalist defenders in the battle to take Zhongxiang.
After the battle, the communists abandoned the city on December 25, 1947 according to the plan, and retreated to countryside with abundant provisions captured. The nationalists returned to the empty city on December 29, 1947, but the city was looted clean by the enemy, thus severely limiting the nationalist capabilities for any future operations. In contrary, the communists used the abundant supplies captured to boost their strength and solidify their gains in the rural regions surrounding the city, and it was only a matter of time before they retake the city. The nationalists forced on the defensive were incapable of stopping the enemy and in June, 1948, Zhongxiang fell for the second time, and this time for good, with the nationalists being permanently driven out.
The communist victory rooted in the correct strategy of controlling the rural regions surrounding the cities first, and then to take the cities with isolated enemy garrisons. The nationalists, in contrary, managed to avoid heavy loss in the initial stage by not engaging the overwhelmingly strong enemy, but in doing so, allowed the enemy to loot important provisions in great quantity when they failed to destroy any provisions in retreats. As a result, the numerically superior nationalist force was not able to sustain themselves for any prolonged operations outside the city walls due to insufficient supply, and was thus gradually reduced in numbers in many small but consecutive engagements as the well supplied enemy attacked.

</doc>
<doc id="9818609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818609" title="Illampu">
Illampu

Illampu is the fourth highest mountain in Bolivia. It is located in the northern section of the Cordillera Real, part of the Andes, east of Lake Titicaca. It lies just north of the slightly higher Janq'u Uma, near the town of Sorata. Laguna Glaciar, located in the Illampu-Janq'u Uma massif, is the 17th highest lake in the world. 
Despite being lower than Janq'u Uma, Illampu has a steeper peak, with more local relief, and is a somewhat harder climb. In fact it has "the hardest normal route on any of the 6,000 metre peaks in Bolivia." The easiest route, by the Southwest Ridge, is rated AD (Fairly Difficult), with snow slopes up to 65 degrees. It is accessed from a high camp on the north side of the massif. The peak was first climbed on June 7, 1928 via this route, by Hans Pfann, Alfred Horeschowsky, Hugo Hörtnagel (Germans) and Erwin Hein (Austrian). Other routes include the "German Route" on the southwest face and the South Face route, both approached from the west side of the massif.

</doc>
<doc id="9818611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818611" title="Bell 204/205">
Bell 204/205

The Bell 204 and 205 are the civilian versions of the Bell UH-1 Iroquois single-engine military helicopters. They are type-certificated in the transport category and are used in a wide variety of applications, including crop dusting, cargo lifting and aerial firefighting.
Development.
Bell designed its Model 204 in response to a 1955 United States Army requirement for a utility helicopter. The 204 was a giant step forward in helicopter design, being one of the first to be powered by a turboshaft. The turboshaft engine radically improved the practicality of the helicopter due to its light weight and high power-to-weight ratio, lower fuel consumption, and lower maintenance and operating costs. The use of a turboshaft in the 204 allowed it to carry a useful payload over respectable ranges and at reasonable speeds, which resulted in the 204 and subsequent 205 becoming the most successful western helicopter series in terms of numbers built.
The civil 204B was first delivered in 1961. The subsequent Model 205A-1 is equivalent to the UH-1H, which, compared to the 204, is longer, larger, and has better performance and a more powerful engine.
Over 60 civil Model 204Bs had been delivered by 1967, while further examples were built by Agusta-Bell up until 1973. 12,000 Model 205s (including civil 205A-1s) were built by Bell and Agusta-Bell up to the early 1980s. Numerous ex military 204s and 205s were converted for commercial use.
Variants.
Bell 204.
Bell Helicopter's company designation of the UH-1B.
Bell 205.
Bell Helicopter's company designation of the UH-1H.

</doc>
<doc id="9818618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818618" title="Janq'u Uma">
Janq'u Uma

Janq'u Uma (Aymara: "Janq'u Uma": white water, hispanicized spellings "Ancohuma", "Jankho Uma", "Jankhouma", "Janq'uma") is the third highest mountain in Bolivia (after Sajama and Illimani). It is located in the northern section of the Cordillera Real, part of the Andes, east of Lake Titicaca. It lies just south of the slightly lower Illampu, near the town of Sorata.
Despite being higher than Illampu, Janq'u Uma is a gentler peak, with less local relief, and it is a somewhat easier climb. The peak was first climbed in 1919, by Rudolf Dienst and Adolf Schulze. Their route, still the easiest, climbs the southwest face, and is rated PD (not very difficult). Other routes exist on the northwest ridge and the west face. Depending on the route desired, the mountain is approached either from the west or from the northeast; each approach requires two to three days from Sorata.

</doc>
<doc id="9818633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818633" title="Linfen Campaign">
Linfen Campaign

Linfen Campaign (临汾战役) was a series of battles fought between the communists and the nationalists during the Chinese Civil War to control the city of Linfen, and resulted in the communist victory.
Prelude.
After the Yuncheng Campaign (运城战役), Linfen was the only nationalist stronghold left in southern Shanxi. Linfen was ideal to defend: the city wall was 15 metre tall and 10 metre wide at the top, 25 – 30 metres wide at the bottom, and at the section of the Eastern Pass (Dong Guan, 东关), there was a second wall of the same size, providing additional protection. There were a total of 31 clusters of bunkers around the city and additional strongholds within 3 – 7 km range in the outskirt. There were deep ditches both outside and inside city wall, and fortifications within the city. Located on the eastern bank of Fen River, the east, north and south directions were wide open, with little cover for the attacking enemy to hide.
The nationalist strategy was to hold on until reinforcement arrived and then counterattack, while the communist strategy was to take the city primarily using under ground tunnels since the communists lacked heavy artillery pieces.
Order of battle.
Defenders totaling 25,000: nationalist order of battle:
Attackers totaling 53,000: communist order of battle:
First stage.
The nationalists begun to airlift the 30th Brigade to Luochuan (洛川) from Linfen on March 6, 1948 to strengthen the nationalist force in northwestern China. In order to prevent this, the communists decided to launch the campaign early and on March 7, 1948, the communist 24th Brigade of the 8th Column took the airfield south of Linfen after destroying two aircraft, thus cutoff the aerial link of the city. The nationalists were forced to give up the airlift plan and the city was attacked by the enemy from three sides: east, north and south. The nationalist strongholds in the outskirt of Linfen including Cui Family’s Bump (Cui Jia Geda, 崔家疙瘩), Train Station (Huoche Zhan, 火车站), High River Hotel (Gao He Dian, 高河店) and Official Yao’s Temple (Yao Guan Miao, 尧官庙) fell into the enemy hands, and the nationalist futile attempt to counterattack and retake these strongholds were beaten back for more than thirty times. Afterward, the enemy approached the outer city of Linfen, the Eastern Pass (Dong Guan, 东关), which was the barrier for Linfen, and the nationalists desperately attempted to hold on this critical defensive stronghold.
From March 23, 1948 – March 27, 1948, the nationalist defenders twice successfully beaten back the attacks on Eastern Pass (Dong Guan, 东关) by the communist 13th Column. On April 1, 1948, the enemy adjusted tactic and the communist 37th Brigade of the 13th Column attacked from southeast and the communist 23rd Brigade of the 8th Column attacked from northeast simlutaneously, while the 4 underground tunnels were dug toward the city wall. On April 10, 1948, three of the four tunnels were filled with explosives and detonated simultaneously, succeeding in collapsing the city wall of the Eastern Pass (Dong Guan, 东关) section, and attacking communist 37th Brigade of the 13th Column and the communist 23rd Brigade of the 8th Column were able to swiftly taking the Eastern Pass (Dong Guan, 东关), the outer city of Linfen, badly mauling the local defenders, the nationalist 66th Division.
Second stage.
On April 16, 1948, the battle mostly had switched to underground when the communist 8th Column and Taiyue (太岳) Military District at eastern outskirt of Linfen and the 13th Column at southern outskirt of Linfen begun to dig 15 tunnels toward the city wall and an additional 40+ tunnels for cover. Taking the lesson learned from the loss of Eastern Pass (Dong Guan, 东关), the defenders also begun to dig tunnels to counter the underground threat. In addition, under the cover of shelling with incendiary rounds and gas attacks, the nationalist 30th Brigade counterattacked the enemy with air cover. Although the nationalist counterattack was beaten back the enemy, and the nationalists did succeed in destroying most of the enemy tunnels.
On May 1, 1948, the Xu Xiangqian changed their tactic by deploying the communist 13th Column to the east of the city to assist the communist 8th Column to attack the city, while the 22nd Brigade of the communist 8th Column and the 39th Brigade of the communist 13th Column were deployed to assist the communist regiment of the Taiyue (太岳) Military District on the western bank of the Fen River to blockade the escape route of the fleeing enemy. On May 16, 1948, the 23rd Brigade of the 8th Column succeeded in extending two 110 metre-long tunnels directly under the city wall, filling one with 6,000 kg black dynamite and the other with 3,500 kg dynamite. On May 15, 1948 at 7:50 PM, the dynamites were detonated, blowing up two 50 metre wide gaps in the city wall and the assault team of the 69th Regiment of the communist 23rd Brigade was the first to ventured into the city and other communist units soon followed under the cover of heavy artillery fire. After fierce street fights, the battle ended after midnight when all of the defenders were either killed or captured, and the campaign concluded.
Outcome.
The entire nationalist garrison of Linfen was lost, including the Commander-in-chief, Liang Peihuang 梁培璜, who was captured alive by the enemy. The fall of Linfen meant that the last nationalist stronghold in southern Shanxi was finally eliminated. The communist victory of Linfen Campaign resulted in the liniking up of the Lüliang communist base and Taiyue (太岳) communist base, and the entire southern Shanxi region falling into the communist hands. The communist 23rd Brigade of the 8th Column played a significant role in the taking of Linfen and was honored as Linfen Brigade after the campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="9818636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818636" title="2x45">
2x45

2x45 is the fourth studio album by English band Cabaret Voltaire. It was released in May 1982, through record label Rough Trade.
Background.
The title comes from the album's original format – two 45 RPM 12" discs. This was the last studio album by the band to feature Chris Watson as a member.
Sides A and B were recorded at Western Works, Sheffield in October 1981, while Sides C and D were recorded at Pluto Studios, Manchester in February 1982.
The track "Yashar" was later remixed as a dance record by John Robie and released as a single.

</doc>
<doc id="9818652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818652" title="Linfen–Fushan Campaign">
Linfen–Fushan Campaign

The Linfen–Fushan Campaign (临浮战役) was a series battles fought in regions between Linfen and Floating Mountain (Fushan, 浮山) in Shanxi, China between the nationalists and the communists during the Chinese Civil War and resulted in communist victory.
Prelude.
In the mid August 1946, the nationalists planned to redeploy four brigades from Shaanxi to Wing City (Yi Cheng, 翼城) and Linfen in southern Shanxi to push northward along the railroad in coordination with nationalists pushing southward from Pingyao and Jiexiu (介休), thus annihilating the communists in between at the Flooding Hole (Hong Dong, 洪洞) and Zhao’s City (Zhao Cheng, 赵城) regions. The communists, in turn, deployed the 24th Brigade of the Taiyue (太岳) Military Region to the north of Lingshi (灵石) to stop the nationalists from the north, while the communist main force was prepared to ambush the nationalists from the south in regions between Linfen and Floating Mountain (Fushan, 浮山).
Order of battle.
The nationalist order of battle: 5 Brigades totaling 11,500:
The communist order of battle: 4 Brigades totaling 8,800:
Campaign.
On September 22, 1946, the nationalist 167th Brigade of the Reorganized 1st Division and the nationalist 27th Brigade of the Reorganized 30th Division took Floating Mountain (Fushan, 浮山), and the nationalist 2nd Regiment of the 1st Brigade of the 1st Division pushed eastward along the road from Floating Mountain (Fushan, 浮山) to Linfen. A portion of the communist 13th Brigade of the 4th Column faked attack on Floating Mountain (Fushan, 浮山), while its main force, along with the communist 11th Brigade of the 4th Column suddenly surrounded the nationalist 2nd Regiment of the 1st Brigade of the 1st Division at the Official Sparrow Village (Guan Que Cun, 官雀村) region between Floating Mountain (Fushan, 浮山) and Linfen. After dark, the enemy launched their assault under the cover of darkness on the besieged nationalists, and the nationalist 2nd Regiment of the 1st Brigade of the 1st Division was subsequently wiped out.
Unaware that their besieged comrades-in-arms had already been annihilated by the enemy at the Official Sparrow Village (Guan Que Cun, 官雀村) region, on September 23, 1946, the nationalist 167th Brigade of the Reorganized 1st Division and the nationalist 27th Brigade of the Reorganized 30th Division abandoned Floating Mountain (Fushan, 浮山) to reinforce their besieged comrades-in-arms from the east, while the nationalist 1st Brigade of the Reorganized 1st Division attempted to reinforce their besieged comrades-in-arms from Linfen. The communist 13th Brigade of the 4th Column managed to stop the nationalist reinforcement from the east, while the communist 10th Brigade of the 4th Column besieged the nationalist reinforcement from the west at the Chen’s Levee Village (Chen Yan Cun, 陈堰村) region. After the arrival of the main force of the communist 4th Column and the communist 24 Brigade of the Taiyue (太岳) Military Region, the final assault begun at the dusk on September 23, 1946. After a fierce battle that lasted the entire night, the nationalist 1st Brigade of the Reorganized 1st Division was completely annihilated by next morning. Hearing the news of the defeat, the nationalist 167th Brigade of the Reorganized 1st Division and the nationalist 27th Brigade of the Reorganized 30th Division immediately gave up the fight and retreated to Linfen while the communist 13th Brigade of the 4th Column wisely chose not to pursuit, and the campaign was concluded.
Outcome.
The nationalist defeat cost more than 5,000 casualties, and the original nationalist hope of eliminate the enemy by attacking simultaneously from the north and the south was crashed. However, the political and psychological impact was much more greater than the military defeat: the Nationalist Reorganized 1st Brigade, or nicknamed the "1st Brigade Under the Heaven" (天下第一旅), was completely annihilated, with its commander lieutenant general Huang Zhengcheng (黄正诚) captured alive by the communist enemy. After the campaign, the nationalist adopted the correct tactics of not engaging the enemy and hold on the strongholds behind the city walls, but although such tactics reduced loss, it had left vast rural area to the communists.

</doc>
<doc id="9818654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818654" title="USS Denebola (AD-12)">
USS Denebola (AD-12)

USS "Denebola" (AD-12) was an named for "Denebola", the second brightest star in the constellation Leo. 
Originally built in 1919 as SS "Edgewood" by Skinner and Eddy of Seattle, Washington, then transferred from the Shipping Board on 4 November 1921 and converted for naval use at Philadelphia Navy Yard. She was commissioned as USS "Denebola" (AD-12) on 28 November 1921 with Commander J. F. Daniels in command.
Service history.
Destroyer tender, 1922–1924.
"Denebola" served on the Atlantic Coast until 21 November 1922 when she cleared Philadelphia for the Mediterranean and duty as tender and repair ship to the U.S. Naval Detachment in Turkish waters. She got underway from Constantinople 18 November 1923 and called at Bizerte and Tunis, Tunisia; Gibraltar; and the Azores on her way to New York, where she arrived 23 December. "Denebola" joined in winter maneuvers in the Caribbean in 1924. She was placed out of commission in reserve at Philadelphia on 9 August.
In reserve, 1924–1940.
Except for the period 1931 to 1934 when she served as barracks ship at Norfolk for the crews of battleships undergoing modernization, "Denebola" remained out of commission, at Philadelphia until she was towed to Baltimore, Maryland in 1940. She was commissioned in ordinary there 18 January 1940 for overhaul and refit.
Reactivated, 1940.
Again in full commission, on 6 April 1940 "Denebola" sailed to Norfolk for shakedown exercises in Chesapeake Bay, then returned to Baltimore to have flag quarters installed. On 14 August she arrived at Norfolk Navy Yard and reported to Commander, Destroyers, Atlantic Squadron, U.S. Fleet, to overhaul destroyers and serve as flagship. On 1 September she sailed for Halifax, Nova Scotia, arriving five days later, to prepare and transfer to the British government destroyers involved in the land bases-destroyers exchange. She was visited by the Earl of Athlone, Governor General of Canada, on 8 September. Returning to Norfolk 3 November, she made two similar trips to Halifax in the next month and a half.
World War II.
During early 1941 "Denebola" served at Norfolk, tending destroyers and conducting schools in repair work, cruising to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, once and to Bermuda twice. She arrived in Casco Bay, Maine on 12 September to serve as tender to destroyers and other ships there until 5 July 1944.
"Denebola" sailed from Norfolk on 24 July 1944 for duty in the Mediterranean, furnishing tender services at Cagliari, Sardinia, during the invasion of southern France. She continued this duty at Ajaccio, Corsica, and St. Tropez, France, until 23 September when she put in to Naples for tender duty until 27 October. She returned to Casco Bay, Maine 1 December. Arriving at Boston 30 April 1945 for repairs, "Denebola" got underway 13 May for the Pacific, arriving at Eniwetok 30 June. She provided upkeep and repair services to destroyers and other ships until 6 November when she sailed for San Diego, arriving 26 November. She aided in preparing ships for decommissioning until 14 February 1946 when she got underway for San Francisco. "Denebola" was decommissioned there 10 April 1946 and transferred to the Maritime Commission for disposal 1 July 1946.
"Denebola" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="9818680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818680" title="1994 Arena Football League season">
1994 Arena Football League season

The 1994 Arena Football League season was the eighth season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Arizona Rattlers, who defeated the Orlando Predators in ArenaBowl VIII.
Team Movement.
Three expansion teams joined the league: the Fort Worth Cavalry, Las Vegas Sting, and the Milwaukee Mustangs.
Meanwhile, the Cincinnati Rockers and the Dallas Texans folded and the Detroit Drive relocated to Massachusetts to become the Massachusetts Marauders. The Denver Dynamite remained inactive.

</doc>
<doc id="9818683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818683" title="Harpsden">
Harpsden

Harpsden is a village and civil parish just south of Henley-on-Thames in South Oxfordshire.
History.
Remains of a Roman villa have been found about southwest of the village.
In the 11th century during the reign of King Edward the Confessor the manor of Harpsden belonged to Wigod, the thegn of Wallingford. After the Norman conquest of England Harpsden became part of the Honour of Wallingford.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Margaret was originally late Norman, as evidenced by the piscina, font and a blocked doorway that survive from this period. The current windows in the nave and chancel were inserted in the 14th century, and a stone effigy of a knight dates from the same period. In 1848–54 the Gothic Revival architect Benjamin Ferrey lengthened the nave and added the north aisle and tower. In 1879 the architect Henry Woodyer restored the chancel.
Other notable buildings in the village include Harpsden Court which existed by 1540, and a weatherboarded barn near the church bearing the date 1689.
Bellehatch Park, about southwest of the village, was built early in the 19th century. It is a Georgian neoclassical country house of five bays with a Doric porch and summerhouse. It was the seat of the Liberal politician Cecil Norton, who was created first Baron Rathcreedan in 1916.
Amenities.
Harpsden Wood is an ancient woodland dating from at least 1600. It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest covering .
Henley Golf Club is in Harpsden.
Harpsden is a popular filming location where productions including the "Midsomer Murders" TV series and parts of the James Bond film "Quantum of Solace" have been filmed.
Harpsden Cricket Club was founded in 1887 and is thus celebrating its 125th anniversary in 2012.
See also.
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Oxfordshire

</doc>
<doc id="9818685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818685" title="OX40L">
OX40L

OX40L is the ligand for CD134 and is expressed on such cells as DC2s (a subtype of dendritic cells) enabling amplification of Th2 cell differentiation. OX40L has also been designated CD252 (cluster of differentiation 252).

</doc>
<doc id="9818698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818698" title="Yashar">
Yashar

"Yashar" is a single by Cabaret Voltaire. The single is two remixes by John Robie of a track from their 1982 album "2x45". A version of the song also appears on the live album "Hai! (Live in Japan)".
The single was released in May 1983 on Factory Benelux (FBN 25) and Factory Records UK (FAC 82). It reached No. 6 on the UK Indie Chart.
The track features a sample "There's 70 billion people of Earth; where are they hiding?" from the Outer Limits episode "Demon with a Glass Hand".
As well as the 5:00 and 7:20 versions on the single, a 6:36 version was released on the 1983 compilation LP "Factory Benelux Greatest Hits".
Further remixes of the track were released on Mute Records' NovaMute imprint in 2003 (12", NovaMute 12-NoMu-121, 9 June 2003).

</doc>
<doc id="9818702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818702" title="R. C. Thielemann">
R. C. Thielemann

Ray Charles Thielemann (born August 12, 1955 in Houston, Texas) is a former American football guard in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons and the Washington Redskins. Thielemann played college football at the University of Arkansas and was drafted in the second round of the 1977 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="9818741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818741" title="Orthrozanclus">
Orthrozanclus

Orthrozanclus reburrus ("Dawn scythe with bristling hair") is a sea creature known from the Middle Cambrian (~) Burgess shale, about one centimeter long, with long spikes protruding from its armored body
The describers of this fossil animal, Simon Conway Morris and Jean-Bernard Caron, say "Orthrozanclus" may have formed a link between the halkieriid and the wiwaxiid families, uniting them tentatively in a group called "Halwaxiida", characterized by a similar type of body armor; these organisms might have been stem group molluscs, or fall as a stem group to the larger lophotrochozoan clade (containing molluscs, annelids and brachiopods). However, the status of the Halwaxiid grouping is not universally accepted.
History of discovery.
J.B. Caron and D.A. Jackson found a specimen in the Burgess Shale and in 2006 referred to it as "scleritomorph C" without a detailed description. In 2007 Caron and Simon Conway Morris published a description and named the fossil "Orthrozanclus reburrus", which means "Dawn scythe with bristling hair".
Description.
"Orthrozanclus reburrus" was long including its long spines, and had a fairly slim, roughly oval body that tapered towards the rear, was distinctly convex on top but was surrounded by a flatter rim. The underside was soft and unarmored, but the upward-facing surfaces were armored by: a small shell, near the front end; three zones of armor plates called "sclerites", which fitted close to the body and one of which ran all the way round the animal; 16 to 20 long, upwards-curving spines on each side of the body. The sclerites and spines were unmineralized, and had internal cavities that appear to have been circular in cross-section. The shell was convex and shaped like a triangle with rounded corners. It had a bulge at the front, a raised rear edge and a ridge along the middle that flared out towards the rear. It also had finely spaced rings that indicate growth by addition of material round the edges, and coarser ridges which may indicate that the animal was metameric, in other words built out of repeated "modules". The function of the shell at the front is unknown. 
The animal clearly lived on the sea-floor, and is thought to have had a muscular foot rather like that of a snail.
Classification.
"Orthrozanclus"′ sclerites are very similar to those of its Burgess Shale contemporary "Wiwaxia". Its shell is very similar to: one of the two Burgess Shale shell types labelled "Oikozetetes"; the forward shell of Halkieriids, most of which are dated to the Early Cambrian; and those of other Early Cambrian fossils such as "Ocruranus" and "Eohalobia". These similarities suggest that "Orthrozanclus" was an intermediate form between "Wiwaxia" and the Halkieriids and that all three of these taxa formed a monophyletic clade, in other words a group that consists of a common ancestor and "all" of its descendants. However this draws "Orthrozanclus" into a complex debate that has gone on since 1990 about whether "Wiwaxia" is more closely related to molluscs or to polychaete worms, and therefore about the entire "family tree" of the Lophotrochozoa, a "super-phylum" that is thought to contain modern molluscs, annelids and brachiopods as well as some extinct groups. The main opponent of this view, Nicholas Butterfield, proposes that "Wiwaxia" is more closely related to annelids while Halkieriids are very close to molluscs.

</doc>
<doc id="9818743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818743" title="Saned">
Saned

Saned Rivera (born May 30, 1976) is a Puerto Rican salsa singer. Her brother is fellow singer Jerry Rivera.

</doc>
<doc id="9818747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818747" title="Goshen stone">
Goshen stone

Goshen stone is an unusual variably colored variety of mica schist found mostly in New England region of the United States. It is quarried and sold as a landscaping stone. The stone sells for approximately 100 US dollars a ton. 
Goshen stone appeared in US national headlines in 2007 when Matt White, a former Major League Baseball pitcher then pitching in the minors, discovered approximately 2 billion US dollars' worth of the stone on property near Cummington, Massachusetts he had recently purchased. 

</doc>
<doc id="9818758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818758" title="Dominique Gisin">
Dominique Gisin

Dominique Gisin (born 4 June 1985) is a World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist from Switzerland.
Born in Engelberg in the canton of Obwalden, Gisin made her World Cup debut in December 2005. Her first podium was in Altenmarkt-Zauchensee, Austria, where she placed second in the downhill on 13 January 2007. Two years later in January 2009, she gained her first World Cup victory, also a downhill at Altenmarkt-Zauchensee, with the same time as Anja Pärson.
At the Winter Olympics in 2014, she tied for first in the downhill with Tina Maze and both were awarded gold medals. It was the first-ever tie for gold in an alpine event at the Olympics, though several times previously competitors have tied for second, so that two silver medals were awarded (and no bronze).
Through March 2014, Gisin has 3 World Cup victories, 7 podiums, and 42 top ten finishes. Her younger siblings Marc and Michelle also compete as alpine ski racers.

</doc>
<doc id="9818763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818763" title="Stymie Handicap">
Stymie Handicap

The Stymie Handicap is an American ungraded dirt race for Thoroughbred horses run at Aqueduct Racetrack every year in March, the last month of winter. For horses three-years-old and up, it's set at one mile and one furlong (1 1/8 mile), currently offering a purse of $100,000 added.
The race is named in honor of Stymie, the handicap champion of 1945. A $1,500 claimer, he was inducted into the United States Racing Hall of Fame in 1975. Making 131 starts, Stymie won 35, placed in 33, and came in third 28 times. Back then, his earnings of $918,485 set a record. In the Blood-Horse magazine List of the Top 100 Racehorses of the 20th Century Stymie is listed as #41.
The Stymie was run at a mile and a half prior to 1958, and then at a mile and a quarter from 1961 to 1971. From 1956 to 1961, and again between 1968 to 1975, it was held at Belmont Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9818765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818765" title="Campaign of the North China Plain Pocket">
Campaign of the North China Plain Pocket

The Campaign of the North China Plain Pocket is also called the Breakout on the Central Plains (Zhongyuan Tuwei, 中原突围) by the Communist Party of China, and it was a series of battles fought between the nationalists and the communists during the Chinese Civil War, resulting in successful communist breakout from the nationalist encirclement. The campaign marked the beginning of the full scale Chinese Civil War fought between the communists and the nationalists in the post World War II era.
The communist victory was largely contributed to their ability to surprise the nationalist with surprise movements and avoiding battle in locations with overwhelming Nationalist forces. In a sense, the Nationalist did not evenly distribute their forces, which created pocket holes in their encirclement. The Nationalist was also easily distracted by small Communist forces used to draw attention away from their main forces. The communist was able to locate the relatively weaker defended points of the Nationalist defense and break them. Communist also engaged in close quarter combat in order to limit the power of the Nationalist artillery and air force, making them less effective than they could have been.
Prelude.
The communist base in this region was established in the mid of World War II along the border area of the Hubei, Hunan, Henan, Jiangxi, and Anhui provinces after the communists had successfully driven the Japanese invaders from the countryside and remote mountainous regions. After the end of World War II, the returning nationalists were determined to eliminate the communists in the region and after more than 240 offensives with a mobilized force of 300,000, had successfully blockade the communist base and divided it into three isolated pieces, and the nationalist headquarters at Zhengzhou was tasked with the job to completely eliminate the enemy in the region with the help of the nationalist Wuhan headquarters.
In the mid June 1946, Chiang Kai-shek issued a secret order to the Liu Zhi (刘峙), the nationalist Commander-in-chief of Zhengzhou headquarters and Cheng Qian (程潜), the nationalist Commander-in-chief of Wuhan Headquarters, giving the general direction of the operation by mobilizing the nationalist blockade force to launch a decisive assault on the besieged communists. Since both sides were still officially at peace, the nationalist forces under the command of Wuhan headquarters would be transferred to the command of the Zhengzhou headquarters in order to avoid the blaming by the general public. At 2:00 PM on June 20, 1946, Liu Zhi (刘峙) issued the order to every unit of the nationalist force under his command, and the general objective was to mass troops with absolute numerical and technical superiority to concentrate on the communists in the border areas of Henan and Hubei provinces, eliminating the enemy forces after separating them into smaller pockets by attacking them from southern and eastern Henan. The communist force at/near Xinyang, Jingfu (经扶), Huangchuan (潢川) regions, especially those at Xuanhua Hotel (Xuanhua Dian, 宣化店) and Pobo (泼陂) River regions would be the most wanted target.
Order of battle.
The nationalist mobilized around 300,000 troops for the planned elimination of the enemy and the subsequent occupation of the enemy base while the enemy planned to leave over half of their 60,000 strong force in the region to fight the guerrilla war after the other half had withdrawn.
Breakout force: communist order of battle.
The communists called their base the Central Plains Military Region with a total force of 60,000, including 2 Columns and 3 military districts totaling six division-strength brigades:
Central Plains Military Region prior to the breakout:
While the negotiation with the nationalists for the legal withdraw continued, preparation was also made for the inevitable, and the communist force was restructured into three groups for the breakout:
Strategies.
The nationalist strategy.
The nationalist commander-in-chief of the operation Liu Zhi 刘峙 made the following plans: The nationalist 41st Division guarding Xuchang, Queshan and Minggang was deployed to Xinyang and Luo Mountain (Luo Shan, 罗山) to take regions included Hill Mountain Gate (Gang Shan Meng, 岗山门), Dragon Town (Long Zhen, 龙镇), Light Mountain (Guang Shan, 光山), and Chen Xing’s Hotel (Chen Xing Dian, 陈兴店), and attack northward to Xuanhua Hotel (Xuanhua Dian, 宣化店) region. The nationalist 47th Division guarding the Light Mountain (Guang Shan, 光山) and the Luo Mountain (Luo Shan, 罗山) regions was deployed to the east and west of Light Mountain (Guang Shan, 光山) region in order to occupy regions included Sleeping Dragon Stage (Wo Long Tai, 卧龙台), Fuliu Hotel (Fu Liu Dian, 付流店), and then would attack northeastward toward Pobo (泼陂) River and adjacent regions. The 174th Brigade of the nationalist 48th Division under the command of Wei Lihuang was redeployed to the north and the south of Merchant City (Shang Cheng, 商城) to occupy regions included Fuliu Hotel (Fu Liu Dian, 付流店), Dachong (大冲), Shuangmenlan (双门拦), and then would also attack in the Pobo (泼陂) River direction.
The nationalist 72nd Division guarding Huang’an (黄安) and Jingfu (经扶) was redeployed to occupy regions included Wester River (Xi He, 西河), Jingfu (经扶) and Shuangmenlan (双门拦), and most of its units with the exception of the 15th Brigade would attack in the Pobo (泼陂) River direction. The 15th Brigade of the nationalist 72nd Division would attack the in the direction of King Yu’s City (禹王城) to coordinate its attack with that of the 18th Brigade of the nationalist 11th on Mulan Magnolia Mountains from Huangpi (黄陂). The nationalist 66th Division guarding Xinyang and Garden (Huayua, 花园) regions was deployed to regions included Summer Hotel (Xia Dian, 夏 店), Guo Family’s Hotel (Guo Jia Dian, 郭家店), Great New Hotel (Da Xin Dian, 大新店) to attack Xuanhua Hotel (Xuanhua Dian, 宣化店) region. The nationalist 15th guarding Square City (Fang Cheng, 方城) and Noon Sun (Wu Yang, 午阳) regions was deployed to Xinyang and Guangshui to occupy Great New Hotel (Da Xin Dian, 大新店) and Three Miles Hotel (San Li Dian, 三里店) regions, and then would attack Xuanhua Hotel (Xuanhua Dian, 宣化店) region.
A portion of the nationalist 169th Brigade, the 3rd Division and the 75th Division were tasked for support and Liu Zhi 刘峙, the nationalist commander-in-chief of the operation was confident that the first full scale confrontation between Chiang Kai-shek and his communist enemy of the Chinese Civil War in the post-World War II era would be result in a decisive nationalist victory. The deployment of the nationalist force was concentrated in the eastern direction, the most likely and most obvious direction in which the enemy would be likely to take, but this was later proved to be completely wrong in the campaign.
The communist strategy.
The communists were originally divided on the withdraw strategy. On June 2, 1946, the political commissar, Zheng Weisan (郑位三) of the communist force telegraphed Mao Zedong to report the initial strategy, suggesting that the bulk of the force should attempt to enter Wudang Mountains in western Hubei, and when the situation allowed, entering Sichuan. The remaining force would split into two parts with one part remain in the region to fight a guerrilla war. The other part would strike southwestward, first reaching Hunan because it was easier to cross the Yangtze River in comparison to the Yellow River. On June 14, 1946, the political commissar, Zheng Weisan (郑位三) of the communist force telegraphed Mao Zedong for a second time for an update, claiming that there were two opinions, and the first one insisted on staying in the region to fight a guerrilla war south of the Yellow River in Hubei, Henan, Sichuan and Shaanxi provinces, and even to expand south of the Yangtze River when situation allowed. This opinion was objected by the second one which preferred to withdraw to North China Plain because it was simply to difficult to stay in the original region. On July 19, 1946, Yan'an replied by claiming that there were two possibilities, one was the northern withdraw was successful, and the other the withdraw was impossible, so that preparation must be made to achieve the first objective whenever possible, and to be safe, plans must be also made to create new communist base if the northward withdraw was not possible.
In accordance with the instructions from Yan'an, the local communists made the decision to breakout westward with the bulk of the existing force. There were two parts of the plan, and the first was to push toward regions via Inner Township County (Nei Xiang, 内乡), Xichuan (淅川) and Jingzi Pass (Jingzi Guang, 荆紫关) via Funiu Mountain guerrilla base, and after the nationalist force guarding Xuchang was forced to redeploy, the communist force would then cross the railroad and rivers to reach the communist base in Taiyue (太岳) region via Lushi (卢氏) and Luoning (洛宁). If unsuccessful, then the communists would fight a guerrilla war from its guerrilla base in the Funiu Mountains and then expanded to Qinling, gradually reaching southern Gansu or Shaanxi to link up with the communists in these bases. In case of unable to achieve this first objective, the communists were also prepared to enter Wudang Mountains by crossing the Xiang (襄) River to create new communist base, and when the situation permitted, entering southern Gansu via Sichuan, but the first objective should be achieved whenever it was possible. The second part of the plan involved leaving at least 10,000 troops behind in central and eastern Hubei to fight a guerrilla war and if the guerrilla warfare was not sustainable, then the communist force remained in central Hubei would breakout into Wudang Mountains, and eastern Hubei would breakout to southern Anhui.
To carry out the plan, the communist force was divided into three forces along different routes. The communist Right Route Force would attempt to breakout in northwestern direction to reach the communist base in the border area of Hubei, Henan and Shaanxi provinces after crossing the Beijing – Hankou railroad between Xinyang and Guangshui. The communist Left Route Force would attempt to breakout in southwestern direction by crossing the same railroad between Garden (Huayua, 花园) and Xinyang, reaching the town of Qiyi (祁仪) south of Tanghe (唐河) county. The Eastern Route force was tasked to fake as the main force and attract the enemy for three days in order to guarantee the rest of the force had crossed the Beijing – Hankou railroad. Afterward, the Eastern Route Force was to go eastward, reaching the communist base in the border area of Jiangsu and Anhui provinces.
The Initial Stage.
On June 26, 1946, the full scale Chinese Civil War had formally begun when the nationalists begun their attack on Xuanhua Hotel (Xuanhua Dian, 宣化店) region, the center of the communist base in the North China Plain in four fronts. The nationalist 122nd Brigade of the 41st Division attacked from Xinyang, and the nationalist 47th Division attacked from Light Mountain (Guang Shan, 光山) and Luo Mountain (Luo Shan, 罗山). The nationalist 174th Brigade of the 48th Division attacked from Merchant City (Shang Cheng, 商城), and respectively from Huang’an (黄安) and Jingfu (经扶), the Newly Organized 13th Brigade and the Newly Organized 15th Brigade of the nationalist 72nd Division attacked. The nationalist 15th Division and 66th Division were deployed along the Beijing – Hankou railroad to strengthen the blockade. In the meantime, the communists also begun their planned breakout.
The Right Route.
On June 26, 1946, the communist Right Route force departed from Xuanhua Hotel (Xuanhua Dian, 宣化店) region to secretly group in the regions of Se Harbor (Se Gang, 涩港) and Nine Miles Pass (Jiu Li Guang九里关), south of Xinyang. At the night of June 29, 1946, the communist launched a surprise attack on the nationalist 135th Brigade of the 15th Division at He Family’s Hotel (He Jian Dian, 贺 家店) and after losing two companies, the nationalists withdrew. The communists subsequently took Willow Grove (Liu Lin, 柳林) train station and crossed Beijing – Hankou railroad. By July 1, 1946, the communist Right Route Force had reached regions of Spring Hotel (Quankou Dian, 泉口店), Wu Family’s Hotel (Wu Jia Dian, 吴家 店), and Jiang Creek Hotel (Jiang Creek Hotel, 浆溪店) north of Ying Mountain (Ying Shan, 应山) regions.
On July 3, 1946, the nationalist order the 3rd Brigade of the 3rd Division and the 41st Division to the regions of Li Mountain (Li Shan, 厉山), High City (Gao Cheng, 高城), Sky River Mouth (Tian He Kou, 天河口) north of Sui (随) County. However, before the last gap of the nationalist trap at Sky River Mouth (Tian He Kou, 天河口) was completed, the enemy already managed to escape to Deer Head (鹿头) Town northeast of Zaoyang. Undeterred, the nationalist attempted to set up a second encirclement by ordering the 3rd Division stationed at Zaoyang, the 41st Division, and the 15th Division to Cangtai (苍苔) region along with air support, hoping to eliminate the enemy in a second trap. However, after a forced march of 90 km in a single day, the enemy had already passed the town of Cangtai (苍苔), Tang River (Tang He, 唐河) and White River (Bai He, 白河) counties, and thus escaping the second trap planned by the nationalists, reaching the region of Teacher’s Hill (Shi Gang, 师岗) south of Inner Township County (Nei Xiang, 内乡) in southwestern Henan on July 11, 1946.
To distract the nationalists, the enemy decided to split into two columns. The left column consisted of the 45th Regiment of the 15th Brigade and the 13th Brigade of the communist 2nd Column totaling 7,000 people, and would march toward the region of Nanhua Pound (Nan Hua Tang, 南化塘) via the town of Xichuan (淅川). The right column under the command of Wang Zhen consisted of 359th Brigade and the Cadres Brigade would take the town of Xichuan (淅川) and Jingzi Pass (Jingzi Guang, 荆紫关) in advance for the main force, and then continued to its destinations at Mountain Sun (Shan Yang, 山阳) and Zuoshui (柞水) regions in southern Shaanxi after the left column had passed Nanhua Pound (Nan Hua Tang, 南化塘) region.
In the meantime, the nationalists made new plans for setting up a third trap for the enemy by deploying the 3rd Division, 15th Division, 41st Division, and the 47th Division in regions south of Nanyang, Henan, Zhenping (镇平), Inner Township County (Nei Xiang, 内乡), regions along the Dan River (Dan Jiang, 丹江), and regions to the north and to the east of Xichuan (淅川) and Deng (邓) County. The 61st Brigade of the nationalist 90th stationed at Shan (陕) County and the 1st Brigade of the nationalist 1st stationed at Guanzhong were deployed to Jingzi Pass (Jingzi Guang, 荆紫关), the chokepoint of the traffic linking Hubei, Henan, and Shaanxi provinces to complete the trap, and the nationalist plan was to eliminate the enemy on the eastern bank of the Dan River (Dan Jiang, 丹江). The communists in turn, was determined to avoid this fate planned by their adversary by crossing the Dan River (Dan Jiang, 丹江) and continue westward, eventually entering Shaanxi.
The Right Column.
The nationalist force consisted of the 124th Brigade of the 41st Division, the 125th Brigade of the 47th Division, and the Western Nanyang Security Regiment had managed to control all of the crossing points along the Dan River, including Xichuan (淅川), Stirrup Shop (Madeng Pu, 马蹬辅) and Official Li’s Bridge (Li Guan Qiao, 李官桥). On July 13, 1946, the communist 359th Brigade launched its offensive to take these crossing points in heavy rains by besieging Xichuan (淅川), while the communist 13th Brigade besieged Stirrup Shop (Madeng Pu, 马蹬辅) while the rest of the communist force fought off the nationalists in pursuit. The local nationalist defenders proved to be absolutely no match for the tenacious and determined enemy, and everything fell into the enemy hands after brief battles with the defenders totally annihilated. On July 14, 1946, the entire communist Left Route Force successfully crossed the Dan River (Dan Jiang, 丹江) despite constant nationalist aerial attacks, thus crashed the nationalist hope of eliminating the enemy on the eastern bank of the Dan River (Dan Jiang, 丹江) in the third trap.
On July 15, 1946, when the communist 359th Brigade had reached Jingzi Pass (Jingzi Guang, 荆紫关), the nationalists in pursuit caught up with the communists. It was obvious that the communists were unable to take the Jingzi Pass (Jingzi Guang, 荆紫关) which was guarded by an overwhelmingly superior nationalist force and the communist 359th Brigade was in danger of being wiped out. Wang Zhen, the communist commander decided to turn south and cross the Dan River (Dan Jiang, 丹江) again, and then marched southwestward into the mountains. Wang Zhen’s action was completely out of the nationalist expectation, and thus forced the nationalists to redeploy their troops in attempt to trap Wang Zhen’s force, but in doing so, valuable time was lost and this provided the enemy the break they needed.
As the nationalists scrambled their forces to follow Wang Zhen’s communist force southwestward, the enemy unexpectedly turned again toward Abalone Ridge (Baoyu Ling, 鲍鱼岭), south of Jingzi Pass (Jingzi Guang, 荆紫关), and defeated the nationalist 1st Brigade of the 1st Division that attempted to stop them in the region between Abalone Ridge (Baoyu Ling, 鲍鱼岭) and Nanhua Pound (Nan Hua Tang, 南化塘), successfully entering the Jade Emperor Mountain (Yuhuang Shan, 玉皇山). The communist intention was clear by then: entering southern Shaanxi as they had originally planned, but via a different route unexpected by their nationalist adversary. As the nationalist gathered all available forces to attack the communist right column, it was obvious that the nationalists had run out time and troops, because due to the completely unexpected communist moves, the nationalists simply could not gather enough strength to stop the enemy. After a fierce battle that lasted two day and a night, the communist right column successfully defeated the nationalists attempted to stop them and eventually managed to reach their planned destinations, the Mountain Sun (Shan Yang, 山阳) and Zuoshui (柞水) regions in southern Shaanxi. Although the nationalist force was in hot pursuit, it was only a matter of time before the communist right column reached the safety, which it had successfully done by the end of August 1946 by reaching the communist base in Shaanxi, since no major nationalist forces were in their way any longer. Wang Zhen's 359th Brigade suffered the heaviest communist casualties in the campaign: 2,917 were lost, and only 1,983 remained when the surviving forces reached Shaanxi, where their number were boosted when 3,000 troops had to be sent to the brigade to make up the loss.
The Left Column.
On July 17, 1946, the communist left column reached the Nanhua Pound (Nan Hua Tang, 南化塘) region after the right column. By this time, the nationalist 1st Brigade of the 1st Division previously defeated by the communist right column had regrouped and blocked the path of the communist right column. Although the communist right column managed to attract the enemy to itself and away from the communist left column, this also meant that the communist Right Route had been cut into two sections. With two nationalist divisions in pursuit, the nationalists had hoped to wipe out the communist left column in the valley of Nanhua Pound (Nan Hua Tang, 南化塘).
The situation was obvious for both sides and Li Xiannian made plans to open the path to Shaanxi for the communists by defeating the nationalist 1st Division first. The 37th Regiment of the communist 13th Brigade was to attack the enemy while the 39th Regiment was to outflank the enemy from the left, while the 38th Regiment was to provide cover at the right flank of the 37th Regiment. After a fierce battle that lasted the entire night, the nationalist 1st Division was once again beaten by the enemy before the other two nationalist divisions could catch up and participated in the fight, and the enemy thus successfully continued their westward march afterward.
On July 20, 1946, when the communist left column reached the region of Zhao Family’s River (Zhao Jia Chuan, 赵家川), the nationalist 3rd Division was the only thing stop them from reaching their goal. With other nationalist units far away from the region, the nationalists were well aware that the enemy was unstoppable, despite holding advantage positions in a favorable terrain. After sixteen hours of fierce battle with no reinforcement and victory in sight, the nationalist 3rd Division lost the will to continue the fight and made a hasty retreat despite only suffering over a thousand casualties, leaving over 400 cadavers of their fallen comrades behind. With its path cleared, the communist left column reached their destination of Shangnan (商南) county in southern Shaanxi on July 29, 1946, thus successfully evaded the nationalist encirclement, and by August 3, 1946, the communist left column of the Right Route force had successfully established a new communist guerrilla base in the border region of Shaanxi, Hubei and Henan provinces.
Left Route.
On June 25, 1946, the communist Left Route force left the Pobo (泼陂) River and White Sparrow Garden (Baique Yuan, 白雀园) regions of Light Mountain (Guangshan, 光山) counties to march in southwestern direction. However, once reached Yangping Pass (Yangping Kou, 阳平口) to the west of the Gift Mountain (Li Shan, 礼山), their path was blocked by the nationalist 554th Regiment of the 185th Brigade of the 66th Division, the communists thus turned westward instead, begun their crossing of the Beijing – Hankou railroad at the section between Wang’s Family’s Hotel (Wang Jia Dian, 王家店) and Wei’s Family’s Hotel (Wei Jia Dian, 魏家店). While fighting off the 6th Brigade of the nationalist 75th Division and the bulk of the 185th Brigade of the nationalist 66th Division that attempted to stop them, the nationalist 11th Division at Xiaogan sent out its 18th Brigade to reinforce their nationalist comrades-in-arms with armor and air supports on June 30, 1946. However, the technical superiority was successfully negated by the enemy by fighting in close quarters at night, and before the dawn of July 1, 1946, the entire enemy force had successfully crossed the Beijing – Hankou railroad, reaching Anlu (安陆) and Ying Mountain (Ying Shan, 应山) regions.
The communists of the Left Route had not escaped danger yet, and they still had to cross the Xiang (襄) River southeast of Xuan City (Xuan Cheng, 宣城). Once the communist Left Route force reached the crossing points at Yakou (垭口) and Flowing Water Ditch (Liu Shui Gou, 流水沟) on July 11, 1946, they discovered that local communist force of the Jianghan (江汉) Military District had already crossed the river and the nationalists had destroyed most of the ships. The communists managed to found seven ships and begun the crossing immediately, and the 7th Regiment and the 9th Regiment of the communist 3rd Brigade successfully crossed the river at Yakou (垭口) crossing point. The 4th Regiment of the communist 2nd Brigade at Flowing Water Ditch (Liu Shui Gou, 流水沟) crossing point was in the process of crossing when the nationalist 16th Brigade of the 75th Division reached the crossing point, but under the cover of the 8th Regiment of the communist 3rd Brigade on the eastern bank, the 4th Regiment of the communist 2nd Brigade was able to complete the crossing. The remaining communists on the eastern bank, however, were cut off by the dawn of July 11, 1946.
However, such setback turned out to be a blessing for the communists who were cut off on the eastern bank of Xiang (襄) River, because the nationalists were putting emphasis on the communist main force that had already crossed, and thus did not deploy enough troops to stop those communists remained on the eastern bank of the Xiang (襄) River. The communist units that were cut off on the eastern bank of Xiang (襄) River included the 8th Regiment of the communist 3rd Brigade and the 6th Regiment of the communist 2nd Brigade, and portions of the Garrison Regiment and the 15th Brigade totaling 3,500. Under the command of the deputy brigade commander of the communist 3rd Brigade, Min Xuesheng (闵学胜), this group of communists turned north, passing Zaoyang, Xinye, and Tanghe (唐河) county to reach the alternative destination, the communist guerrilla bases in the Funiu Mountains, thus achieving successful breakout before the main force.
The main communist force of the Left Route Force consisted of units that had successfully crossed the Xiang (襄) River and was not too far behind either in that they only face one more obstacle, the last nationalist defense line manned by the 185th Brigade of the nationalist 66th Division and the 64th Brigade of the nationalist 15th Division. With the earlier failures of stopping the enemy by the nationalist units with much superior strength and the reinforcement nowhere in sight, nationalists manning the last defensive line were well aware that the enemy was unstoppable. After suffering a thousand or so casualties, the nationalists had had enough and the nationalist commanders decided to save the surviving troops instead of wasting lives on the futile attempts to stop the enemy. On July 21, 1946, the nationalists abandoned their last defensive line in a hasty retreat that left over 300 cadavers of their fallen comrades-in-arms, and thus allowing the communist Left Route force to successfully escape the encirclement. After another failed nationalist attempt to eliminate the enemy which resulted in the successful link-up between the communist Left Route force and the communist units of Jianghan (江汉) Military District in Wudang Mountains, the communist Left Route force successfully established a new base: the Northwestern Hubei Guerrilla Base by August 27, 1946.
The Eastern Route.
In accordance with the original plan, the communist 1st Brigade of the 1st Column faked itself as the communist main force at White Sparrow Garden (Baique Yuan, 白雀园) region southeast of Light Mountain (Guang Shan, 光山) County. At the dawn of June 26, 1946, the 174th Brigade and an independent regiment of the nationalist 48th Division attacked the region with help of the nationalist 47th Division from both the north and the south sides. After fierce fighting, the communist 1st Brigade of the 1st Column penetrated deep behind the nationalist line from Liujiachong (刘家冲) on June 28, 1946, thus creating the false impression of the main communist force was attempting to breakout in the south. Immediately afterward, the communist 1st Brigade of the 1st Column turned eastward, reaching Little Border Ridge (Xiao Jie Ling, 小界岭), the chokepoint of the link between the Hubei and Henan provinces, after successfully breached the first nationalist blockade line and beaten back the Newly Organized 13th Brigade of the nationalist 72nd Division, hence completed its mission of attracting the enemy to itself and thus providing the opportunity for the communist main force to cross the railroad.
By July 1, 1946, the communist 1st Brigade of the 1st Column had reached another chokepoint of the link in between the Hubei and Henan provinces in Merchant City (Shang Cheng, 商城) county, the 1,900 metre high mountain pass named Pine Seed Pass (Song Zi Guan, 松子关), which was guarded by local nationalist security regiments from the Merchant City (Shang Cheng, 商城) and the Gold Camp (Jin Zhai, 金寨) counties. However, the local defenders proved to be no match for the attacking enemy, and after the mountain peak to the right of the mountain pass fell into the enemy hands, the defense collapsed and the enemy was able to pass under heavy rain and without any replenishment. By July 3, 1946, the communist 1st Brigade of the 1st Column reached the region of Wu’s Family’s Hotel (Wu Jian Dian, 吴 家店) in the center of Dabie Mountains, but when the communists reached the Green Wind Ridge (Qingfeng Ling, 青风岭), the nationalist 48th Division had already occupied the peak, thus blocking the way, and in the meantime, the nationalists were also closing in from the behind. The communists deployed their 1st Regiment to attract the attention of the nationalist 48th Division while the 2nd Regiment outflanked the defenders from the right and attacked from the rear, successfully taking the peak and dispersed the defenders. With the favorable landscape, it was the nationalist turn to be blockaded and the there was nothing the pursuing nationalist force could do to stop the enemy.
The victory of the Green Wind Ridge (Qingfeng Ling, 青风岭) enabled the communists to control the high ground directly opposite to the Mozi Deep Pool (Mozi Tan, 磨子潭) region on the western bank of Pi (淠) River, and under the heavy fire from the enemy on the higher ground on the eastern bank, the defenders of the crossing point on the western bank had no choice but to withdraw, thus enabling the enemy to safely across Pi (淠) River, and thus successfully escaped the nationalist encirclement. The communist 1st Brigade of the 1st Column subsequently crushed the 138th Division of the nationalist 48th Army in its futile attempt to stop the communists in the region between Lu’an (六安) and Hefei, and successfully reached the communist base in the border area of Jiangsu and Anhui provinces with the remaining 5,000 troops before the rest units of the nationalist 48th Army could have a chance to catch up with the enemy. After twenty-three battles in twenty-four days and traveling more than 500 km, the communist Eastern Route Force became the first among the three to successfully breakout.
Outcome.
Although the communist success appeared to be nothing short of a miracle, in reality, nothing could be further from the truth because the nationalist attempt to eliminate the communist in the North China Plain was doomed to fail from the very beginning due to various blunders Chiang Kai-shek had made, and one of the first was that the failure to realize the political fallout of the militarily sensible action. The nationalists had made a military sensible decision in attacking the enemy in the region when it was the weakest, and successfully broken up the enemy base into three isolated parts. However, the timing was extremely poor because the 240+ assaults on the enemy base came shortly after the truce agreement was reached between the nationalists and the communists, and the full scale civil war had not broken out yet. In contrast, the enemy with absolutely technical and numerical disadvantage, dared not to provoke the nationalists, and instead, wisely chose to give up the communist base and requested to legally withdraw under the nationalist government’s permission. The nationalist regime of course rejected the communist request, since it was on the verge of wiping out the enemy in the region, or at least so they thought, but in doing so, the nationalists had further alienated themselves from the general populace, which was already sympathetic toward the communists in the region due to the nationalist breach of the truce when they attacked the numerically and technically inferior local communists who wisely chose to avoid any provocation of its own. The sentiment was still widely held by the general civilian population, especially in the local regions when the full scale Chinese Civil War had broken out, and the military sensible alternative had put the nationalists in a dilemma because of the political fallout due to the nationalists military actions before the breakout of the full scale civil war.
If the bad timing of the nationalist assaults on the much weaker enemy had alienated the civilian populace, especially in the regions where this campaign was fought, the location the nationalists chose certainly turned the alienations into resentment against the nationalist regime. This communist base in the North China Plain bordering the Henan-Anhui-Hubei-Hunan-Jiangxi provinces was established in the latter stages of World War II, after the communists had successfully driven the Japanese from the countryside. The local population had already blamed nationalilsts for losing the regions to the Japanese invaders, and supported the only Chinese force left in the region, the communists who had successfully establishing bases mostly in the rural regions where better life was provided to the general populace in comparison to that of Japanese occupied regions, and instead of attacking the enemy in regions where at least there were some forms of the nationalists presence during World War II so that there were some legitimacy and popular support, the nationalist assaults on this regions with absolutely no nationalist presence during the war not only caused them the popular support, but also turned the local popular opinion against the nationalists. 
Chiang Kai-shek and his supporters were well aware of these two political fallouts but nonetheless took the risk by launching their offensives as planned. The nationalist sympathizers argued that despite the dilemma, Chiang had to proceed due to the immediate military feasibilities, because if the actions were delayed any longer, the situation might turn for the worse (and this was quite possible in reality) for the nationalists and thus making it much for difficult to eradicate the enemy had the nationalists waited, a chance Chiang simply could not afford to take at the time, and this valid argument was even agreed by the enemy they were fighting. Unfortunately for Chiang Kai-shek (and thus fortunately for his communist enemy), the nationalist gamble did not pay off.
The biggest blunder committed by the nationalists, however, was the deployment of troops due to Chiang Kai-shek’s attempt to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, which proved to be a fatal mistake. In accordance with Chiang’s attempt, a significant portion of the nationalist troops deployed in this campaign were those belonged to warlords from Guangxi and Hunan. This created two serious consequences that caused the nationalist the possible victory, and the first had to do with the earlier history of the warlord era in China.
During the warlord era before World War II, the region was ravaged by the continuous fighting among the warlords of various provinces, and warlords from Guangxi and Hunan caused most damages, and was thus mostly hated by the local populace. Of course, none of the warlords had ever specifically targeted the local regions for destruction, but due to the strategic location of the area, it was destined to become the battlefield whenever the warlords were embroiled in fights for more turfs. Instead of deploying his own troops which would certainly rally more support for the nationalists, Chiang Kai-shek deployed the troops belonged to the most hated warlord cliques by the local population, Guangxi and Hunan, and allowed these warlords to dominate the region after the campaign. As a result, when the two previous nationalist blunders on the time of the offensive and the location of the offensive had turned the local populace from alienation to resentment, this third blunder had certainly turned the local population against the nationalists by driven their support firmly to the enemy side, and not only this contributed to the nationalist failure of this campaign, but it also paved the way for another nationalist defeat in the Campaign of Marching into the Dabie Mountains when enemy returned to the region a year later.
The deployment of the warlords’ troops also serious hindered the nationalist attempt to eradicate the enemy in that the warlords’ objectives were completely different from that of Chiang Kai-shek. In contrast to Chiang Kai-shek’s objective of exterminating the enemy within the region, the warlords’ objective was purely eradication instead of extermination. Due to the worry (with justification) of Chiang Kai-shek’s attempt to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, the warlords were well aware that their own forces will be significantly reduced if they were really to fight the enemy and once the enemy were exterminated as Chiang Kai-shek had hoped, their forces would be sent elsewhere in China to fight the communists. Consequently, their power and turfs would significantly reduced or even lost completely as the military strength was diminished. On the other hand, if the enemy were allowed to escape unharmed, they would create problem for Chiang Kai-shek in other part of the China and thus Chiang would not have the resource to confront the warlords. Furthermore, as the enemy was allowed to escape unscratched in the region, Chiang Kai-shek’s own troops would be forced to bear the brunt of the fighting while the warlords would consolide the power in the newly gained territories. As a result, just like in the Long March, the warlords’ had never put any real effort to fight the enemy and the majority of the nationalist casualties in this campaign were among Chiang Kai-shek’s own troops.
Again, Chiang Kai-shek and his followers were well aware the drawbacks of deploying warlords’ troops but went on with the plan anyway, but Chiang Kai-shek did it for a reason, and in fact, a rather very good reason. As Chiang’s sympathizers had accurately pointed out (and again agreed by Chiang’s communist adversaries), it was already extremely difficult to convince the warlords to deploy their troops outside their own turfs into this region, and any further attempts to deploy their forces further away to exchange for Chiang’s own troops being sent to this region would be impossible. As demonstrated later during the Chinese Civil War, the warlords would often simply refuse to take the commands or send their own troops during the campaigns and battles just to keep their own strength.
The last blunder nationalist made was the infatuation with holding on to as much land as possible, which resulted in insufficient force to complete the planned mission. Although more than 300,000 nationalist troops were mobilized in this campaign, around two third of them was deployed to guard the newly conquered land. As the enemy left more than half of its original strength in the region to fight the guerrilla warfare, these troops were tied down, because it was difficult to exterminate the elusive enemy and safeguard the territory at the same time when a static defense posture was adopted in order to hold on to the land. In the meaning time, the remaining mobile strike force was insufficient to exterminate the main force of the enemy attempting to breakout, thus neither the extermination of the enemy nor the long-term safeguard of the newly conquered territory could be effectively achieved. Although the nationalist failed to eliminate the enemy, they did succeeded in eradicating the enemy and temporarily taking the enemy base in the region, though this success was negated by the political fallouts such as failing to achieve its original objective of exterminating the enemy within the region in this first campaign of the full scale Chinese Civil War after World War II.
The communists, in contrast, did not have the dilemmas of the nationalists and benefited greatly from the nationalist blunders, and thus successfully escaped the nationalist encirclement. In carrying out their plans for the breakout, the communists successfully escaped in the directions where the nationalists totally unexpected and thus achieving surprise, and once the nationalists had realized what was happening, it was too late to redeploy their troops to make up for their misjudgements. Proportionally, the communist had suffered much greater loss because although the number of casualties are the same of both sides, the nationalists had five times more troops than the communists. However, this setback for the communists was minor in comparison to the strategic success of the breakout, and along with the Dingtao Campaign and the Central Jiangsu Campaign, this campaign was one of these three critical ones that helped to stabilize the southern front for the communists in the initial stage of the Chinese Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="9818776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818776" title="Indian Institute">
Indian Institute

The Indian Institute in central Oxford, England is located at the north end of Catte Street on the corner with Holywell Street and facing down Broad Street from the east. Sir Monier Monier-Williams started the Institute at Oxford in 1883 to provide training for the Indian Civil Services.
History.
In June 1881, plans were submitted to the University of Oxford's Hebdomadal Council to build an Indian Institute. The original site was occupied by four old buildings. The building was designed by Basil Champneys. Originally there was a low shop to the south, but Hertford College has now encroached on the Institute with a much taller building.
Indian Institute Library.
The Indian Institute Library opened in 1886. It is a dependent library of the Bodleian Library, the main library of the University. It specialises in the history and culture of South Asia, especially the Himalayas and Tibet. The library was formerly located in the Indian Institute building, but is now close by, on the top floor of the New Bodleian Library.
Along with the library, the institute contained lecture rooms and a museum. Some contents of the museum are now present in the Ashmolean.
The original Indian Institute building is now the Oxford Martin School of the University of Oxford, the History Faculty having moved to the Old Boys' School on George Street and its library to the Bodleian site. 
The building.
The Indian Institute was first designed by Basil Champneys, sometime during 1885.The building was built of Milton stone in the style of the English Renaissance, with different oriental details to the designs of Basil Champneys. In 1974, Nikolaus Pevsner indicated that the rounded corner cupola would make an excellent point de vue at the east end of Broad Street.
Accusations of racism.
The building was financed entirely by private donors in India and Britain, for the sole purpose of constructing an edifice to house study for and on the Indian sub-continent. There was consequently great controversy in 1968, when the University's governing council evicted the Indian Institute from the premises without compensation, and then made a gift of the premises to the History Faculty, which specialises in European history to the exclusion of Indian history. The government of India filed a formal protest on behalf of the families of the original donors, who felt defrauded by the University's actions. The Oxford University Student Union went further still, accusing the University administration of racism in the decision.
The Institute's aim.
The aim of the Indian Institute was:

</doc>
<doc id="9818778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818778" title="Muxmäuschenstill">
Muxmäuschenstill

Muxmäuschenstill is a 2004 German mockumentary film directed by Marcus Mittermeier, written by Jan Henrik Stahlberg. The film follows a vigilante named Mux (Stahlberg), who lives in Berlin and used to study philosophy. He wants to bring justice to rapists, thieves, and vandals in his own way, documenting all his actions through a camcorder lens held by his friend Gerd.
The film won the Max-Ophüls-Preis 2004 in 4 categories and was nominated for the Bundesfilmpreis 2004 in the category "Best film".

</doc>
<doc id="9818782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818782" title="List of St. Anthony Hall members">
List of St. Anthony Hall members

St. Anthony Hall was founded at Columbia College and New York University on January 17, 1847.
Founders of Alpha chapter.
According to the 20th edition (1991) of "Baird's Manual of American College Fraternities" ISBN 0-9637159-0-9, two founding members are cited:
According to the 1st edition (1879) of "Baird's" [http://www.answers.com/topic/baird-s-manual-of-american-college-fraternities-1879]), there are four founding members cited, with Charles Budd the only name in common.
The discrepancy appears to arise from editorial decisions by "Baird's". Another source provides similar data A complete listing of the chapter membership in its first few years may be found in an 1881 edition of a Columbia College directory [http://books.google.com/books?vid=OCLC38011776&id=cxATAAAAIAAJ&pg=RA1-PA29&lpg=RA1-PA29&dq=delta+psi.
The book "A Tour Around New York" contains contemporaneous sketches of life and associates a number of Columbia College students including Barger, Anthon, Col. H.S. Olcott (listed below under Other 19th century) and Stewart L. Woodford (listed below in Congress). [http://books.google.com/books?id=u1ilSrXcmvQC&pg=RA3-PA26&lpg=RA3-PA26&dq=samuel+f+barger&source=web&ots=fbdEHqNwBM&sig=peubftgFfALztCVwXmvxPeGI3y8]
The 1889 "Catalogue of the Members of the Fraternity of Delta Psi" has been scanned by Google. It lists Samuel W. Barger as a founding member and a lawyer. [http://books.google.com/books?id=gNxBAAAAIAAJ&pg=PA3&lpg=PA3&dq=william+myn+van+wagenen+barger&source=web&ots=aQ4wnlBBm-&sig=N9bRfOVi7JYv9BGjqQIEYdfri5Y&hl=en]
Some notable members.
John Lawson Stoddard, (1850 - 1931) famous lecturer and best selling author of travelogues.
Thomas Nelson Page, (1853 - 1922) popular author and diplomat. US Ambassador to Italy 1913 to 1919

</doc>
<doc id="9818790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818790" title="CD70">
CD70

CD70 (Cluster of Differentiation 70) is a ligand for CD27.

</doc>
<doc id="9818803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818803" title="American Academy of Larnaca">
American Academy of Larnaca

The American Academy Larnaca is a non-profit private school in Larnaca, Cyprus offering pre-school to University entrance education. It is a selective, co-educational, independent school, registered under the Private Schools’ Law, 1971, of the Republic of Cyprus.
The school was founded in 1908. The school motto is "to grow and to serve". It is an extension of the culture and/or ethos of the school referred to as "the Academy spirit" which is characterised by a democratic and positive climate, respect for each other, understanding and co-operation between students and staff as well as student and staff involvement in humanitarian, social, cultural and other activities for the welfare of the people and the community. The school was always a multi-communal school with student enrolment and faculty from the Turkish Cypriot, Greek Cypriot, Maronite, Armenian and Latin communities along with foreign nationals.
The school celebrated its centenary in 2008 with a new negative energy building (a first of its kind on the island) and a series of special events.

</doc>
<doc id="9818810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818810" title="Francisque Joseph Duret">
Francisque Joseph Duret

Francisque Joseph Duret () (1804–1865) was a French sculptor, son and pupil of François-Joseph Duret (1732–1816).
He also studied under Bosio, and won the Prix de Rome in 1823. In 1833 he exhibited his "Neapolitan Fisher Dancing the Tarantella", now in the Louvre, a spirited statue in bronze, which established his reputation. In the same class is his "Neapolitan Improvisatore" (1839, Leipzig Museum). His works executed for public buildings include: "France Protecting her Children" (1855), a group in the grand style for the Louvre; two bronze caryatids for the tomb of Napoleon in the Invalides; a colossal Christ in the church of the Madeleine; the statues of "Comedy" and "Tragedy" for the Théâtre Français; marble statues of Dunois, Philippe of France, Chateaubriand, and Richelieu at Versailles; and the group for the Fontaine Saint-Michel, representing that saint wrestling with Satan.
He received the medal of honor in 1855, was an Officer in the Legion of Honor, and was made a member of the Institut de France in 1845. As professor in the Ecole des Beaux-Arts, he was more influential through his teaching than through his works. Among his students was Louis-Léon Cugnot.

</doc>
<doc id="9818812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818812" title="Henry Morris (education)">
Henry Morris (education)

Henry Morris (1889 – 1962) is known primarily as the founder of Village Colleges. He was the Chief Education Officer for Cambridgeshire for over thirty years, taking up the post in 1922 during a time of depression in the United Kingdom following the First World War. He died on 10 December 1961 at Hill End Hospital, St Albans, where he had spent his last months; a simple cremation ceremony at Golders Green crematorium took place on 14 December 1961. 
Early life.
Morris was born in Southport in Lancashire in 1889. At the age of fourteen he began work as an office boy at The Southport Visitor, later becoming a reporter. In 1910 he moved to St David's University College, Lampeter to read for a degree in theology, and in 1912 moved to Exeter College, Oxford. At the outbreak of the First World War he volunteered for army service, and became an officer in the RASC. In 1919 following the end of the war he read philosophy at King's College, Cambridge.
Career.
After a year as Assistant Secretary, Henry Morris took up the post of Secretary of Education for Cambridgeshire in 1922. At one point during the Great Depression, Cambridgeshire was the second poorest county in England, despite the relative wealth of the university. Education outside of the City of Cambridge was in a poor state due to lack of funding, with no separate secondary schools in the countryside; all children between the ages of three and fourteen were educated in their village school-house, often in one room and by the same, single teacher for their entire school career. Morris envisioned integrated between secondary and community education accessible by all those living in the villages and small towns around Cambridgeshire: the idea of 'Village Colleges'. He described this as "raising the school leaving age to ninety", and firmly believed that education, both formal and informal, should be a lifelong process. In the 1930s his visions materialised as the Village Colleges he had initially only hoped for, and the first four Village Colleges in Cambridgeshire were opened before the country became heavily involved in the conflicts of the Second World War.
Henry Morris' idea evolved from what was initially seen by many in the government as a radical, liberal, paternalistic approach to delivering secondary education; to a system of education that was adopted by many other counties within the United Kingdom and abroad, due to its proven success in Cambridgeshire. By the time of his death in 1962, there were many village colleges successfully delivering education to both secondary school students (11-16 year olds), and members of their local communities of all ages.
Today the concept lives on to great success in Cambridgeshire and many other areas of the country. Comberton Village College in South Cambridgeshire has, in several recent years, been at or near the top of the league tables for state comprehensive schools in England. The system of whole community education, as used by Comberton Village College, was complimented by British Prime Minister, Tony Blair - a true reflection of the success of Henry Morris' concept.
Village Colleges.
The following village colleges were founded by Morris.
Two further colleges were opened by him shortly after his retirement from the post in 1954.
The Henry Morris Trust.
In order to commemorate the life works, and achievements of Henry Morris, a group of his friends decided to create a memorial to him that they felt he would be truly proud of. They established a trust fund, with the objective of promoting enjoyment in the form of independent travel and study among the youth of the City of Cambridge, East Cambridgeshire and South Cambridgeshire. The trust fund, for several decades now, has annually awarded grants usually ranging from £20-£200 per person for self organised projects involving travel abroad or home based interests. It is possible to receive a grant from the trust if you are aged thirteen to nineteen, are a student or permanent resident of the City of Cambridge, East Cambridgeshire or South Cambridgeshire, and wish to pursue an interest either from home or abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9818813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818813" title="Kubitschek Plaza">
Kubitschek Plaza

Kubitschek Plaza is a luxurious 5 star hotel located in Brasília, Brazil. Its named after President Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira, founder of Brasília. Its part of the "Plaza Brasília Hotels" along with "Manhattan Plaza", "Brasília Palace" and "St. Paul Plaza". The hotel comprises 389 suites and apartments distributed on 17 floors, 2 restaurants, 3 bars, a swimming pool, sauna and fitness center, a business center and a full array of facilities for meetings and conventions.

</doc>
<doc id="9818817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818817" title="Siege of Oviedo">
Siege of Oviedo

The Siege of Oviedo was a siege in the Spanish Civil War that lasted from July 19 until October 16, 1936. The town garrison, under the command of Colonel Antonio Aranda Mata, declared for the uprising and held out until relieved by a Nationalist force.
The uprising.
The Nationalists did not consider Oviedo, capital of the province of Asturias, as a likely place for a successful revolt, and initially it was considered a lost cause for the uprising. The town was the center of the Asturian October Revolution of 1934, and became an ongoing hive of revolutionary activity since the election of the Popular Front government earlier in the year.
Aranda was reputed to be a freemason and a Republican, and got along well with the local Republican officials; in addition, the Falange distrusted him. Aranda declared that he would be loyal to the Republic when the rebellion started on July 17, and he convinced the civil governor and the union leaders that all was calm. So satisfied were the authorities that 4,000 miners left by train for other parts of Asturias and Spain to fight in the growing conflict. Aranda secretly called in Civil Guard and Assault Guard personnel from all Asturias to concentrate at Oviedo. He had gained a reputation in Africa of being a top strategist, and after the miners left, he declared for the rebellion on July 19. The Falange, Civil Guard, and Assault Guard immediately rallied to his side. Aranda easily took over Oviedo as the republicans panicked, and the rest of Asturias became hostile toward him. Between the two large zones, east and west of Oviedo, Aranda was landlocked and surrounded in the town.
Aranda's plan.
Aranda realized from the beginning that he would have to hold the town and had made intelligent and extensive preparations in the process. He had carefully studied the defense of the place, and having at first much equipment from the barracks in Oviedo, he sited over 100 Hotchkiss machine guns in five strategic locations in about a nine mile perimeter around the town. The town was not that easy to defend as it was surrounded on all sides by heights, but Aranda took that into consideration and secured the heights in preparation of laying down curtains of fire against the invaders. Aranda's tactics were novel for the time as they considered that a town as vulnerable as Oviedo could be held by firepower alone. Aranda's plan did have one serious flaw as he only had about 3,000 defenders, counting regular forces, guards, and volunteers. That meant he could not occupy all of the heights, and this gave the attackers their one main advantage. The Republican government in Madrid had reinforced the garrison at Oviedo after the 1934 revolution and had sent large amounts of guns and ammunition for storage there. In addition to the large number of machine guns, Aranda had over a million rounds of ammunition at his disposal. During the relatively quiet time during August, Aranda improved his position by constant offensive thrusts and feints that kept the besiegers in doubt.
The siege begins.
Since the siege had no regular Republican ground forces, their "army" consisted almost solely of militia from the Popular Front parties and the allied Anarchists, and they began besieging Oviedo on July 20, but at the same time had to conduct the Siege of Gijón, also in Asturias. The Nationalists at Gijón's Simancas Barracks held out until August 16. Thereafter, the Popular Front forces could start to concentrate on Oviedo. The final Nationalist resistance ended in Gijón on August 21, and the Republican Gijón militia could now join the siege of Oviedo. The fact was, however, that about two hundred defenders had tied down the entire militia of that area for a month. Valuable time had been gained by the Nationalists and lost by the Republicans.
After the end of the conflict in Gijón, the Popular Front forces were able to lay close siege to Oviedo. Most of the attacking militia were miners from the many Asturian mines. The besieging force, though, had several problems; it lacked professionalism with few, if any, trained military men as almost all such troops, including a majority of the Assault Guards, had rallied to the uprising. In addition, a Nationalist relief force was on the way from Galicia, and the siege in Gijón had drained away forces needed to oppose that advance. The relief force had made substantial progress towards Oviedo, and the Popular Front forces had little proper equipment to conduct a siege with the exception of dynamite. Last, but not least, was the terrain. With the seizure of the heights around Oviedo, Aranda was confident that the town was well prepared for defense.
The Attackers tighten the siege.
Two union members, Otero, a socialist miner, and Higinio Carrocera, an anarchist steelworker, assumed leadership of the siege. The attackers had cut off the water supply from the outset. The defenders, however, made the city reservoir one of their defended strong points, and with rationing were able to endure the siege. Despite their efforts, however, water could not be used for sanitation. Oviedo was known as a warehouse center for all Asturias, and so the garrison and populace had plenty of food at first. Little fighting occurred until September 4, when the attackers launched a ferocious aerial and artillery bombardment. An estimated 1,500 bombs were dropped on Oviedo, cutting off the gas, electric, and telephone systems, causing a total blackout of the town. Four days later, supported by an improvised armor-plated steamroller and aerial support, the attackers tried to take the most remote outpost. The defenders reacted by raising several artillery pieces on sandbags to act as anti-aircraft guns. The Nationalist troops were also supported by three Trubia A-4 tanks from the Infantry Regiment "Milán". The Trubia was basically a Spanish version of the Renault FT-17. After a 12-hour battle, the attackers were driven off.
The heavy shelling had killed a large number of civilians, but more died due to the lack of water for sanitation. Many people who were sympathetic to the Popular Front joined the forces defending Oviedo because a family member was killed or injured by the attackers' explosives. There was a constant danger of in-town fighting between those loyal to the Republic and the defenders of the siege, but those fears quickly evaporated as the attackers intensified the bombardment and caused more civilian casualties. One advantage to the defenders was that a large portion of the population was politically neutral.
The attackers tightened the siege even further as September wore on. Because of the lack of water for sanitation, typhoid broke out and claimed many lives, especially the physically weak, the old, and the very young. As an aside, Oviedo was remarkable during the siege in that the defenders executed none of the political prisoners whom they held in captivity, which was unique at this time on both sides early in the war.
The final assault begins.
October 4 was the day before the second anniversary of the beginning of the Asturias Revolution of 1934, and the Popular Front militias made an all-out attack on that day. The attackers were in a hurry since units from the tough Army of Africa had reinforced the Nationalist relief column from Galicia. Although the Popular Front had held up that relief column for two weeks, it was only 15 miles from Oviedo. Aranda had lost half of his defenders, and the attackers rolled over one of his defense points as he lost part of the high ground around the town. The fighting raged for a week and, one by one, the defenders' strong points fell to the attackers. Aranda abandoned what was left of the perimeter and pulled his survivors back into the town, and by that time he had used 90% of his ammunition. The defenders ran out of machine gun ammunition and the fighting reverted to hand to hand combat. The attackers fought from house to house by cutting holes in the walls joining the houses. The defenders were almost out of ammunition when several Nationalist airmen managed to drop 30,000 rounds to them.
Aranda's last stand.
Aranda had only 500 defenders left and he pulled them into the center of the town for a last stand. By that time, the Popular Front militia captured Oviedo's last power plant, leaving the entire town powerless. Aranda retreated into the barracks in the middle of the defense, and with a radio powered by a car battery, he exhorted the defenders to "fight like Spaniards to the end". He sent a message to the Nationalist relief column from Galicia to state that his troops were out of ammunition, but that they would fight to the last. The Popular Front militias had suffered enormous losses themselves, estimated at least 5,000 casualties; they were low on ammunition but were making slow progress. Then, on October 16, with the defenders facing annihilation, the Galician relief column arrived and the Popular Front militias, almost out of ammunition, halted their assault.
Relief and end of siege.
The Nationalists won a narrow corridor into the city and held it until the end of the War in the North a year later. The Popular Front militias abandoned the town and retreated to their positions occupied at the start of the siege. Oviedo, however, was no longer in danger. Aranda would continue to serve the Nationalist cause including the Battle of Teruel and other conflicts during the war.

</doc>
<doc id="9818836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818836" title="Bennie Adams">
Bennie Adams

Bennie Adams (born April 8, 1967 in New Orleans) is a professional basketball referee in the National Basketball Association.
In a regular season game between the San Antonio Spurs and the Los Angeles Lakers on April 12, 2011, Adams called a technical foul on Lakers guard Kobe Bryant. In frustration of the call, Bryant called Adams a derogatory gay term. On the following day, the NBA fined Bryant $100,000. The Lakers and Bryant later apologized for the use of the word.

</doc>
<doc id="9818841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818841" title="10 Years (Armin van Buuren album)">
10 Years (Armin van Buuren album)

10 Years is a compilation album produced by trance artist Armin van Buuren. The album features some of Armin's most popular works and some previously unreleased tracks. It is named for the 10 years Armin had been active as a DJ to the point where the compilation was released.

</doc>
<doc id="9818844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818844" title="Allen Thompson">
Allen Thompson

Allen Thompson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9818847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818847" title="CD153">
CD153

CD153 is a ligand for CD30.

</doc>
<doc id="9818853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818853" title="Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng">
Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng

Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng (born 1950) is a Ghanaian physician and cardiothoracic surgeon who established the "National Cardiothoracic Center" and the "Ghana Red Cross Society". He is also the President of the "Ghana Heart Foundation" and was the Chief Executive Officer of the Korle Bu Teaching Hospital in Accra.
A well-known figure in his country, Frimpong-Boateng was elected a Fellow of the "Ghana Academy of Arts and Sciences" in December 2002.
Career.
The young Frimpong-Boateng studied physics and mathematics thinking that he would become an engineer. Nonetheless, he later decided to seek a career as a doctor when he was offered a scholarship to study medicine in Germany. His father Kofi Frimpong had died from heart injuries due to a road traffic accident prior to his birth., so he thought he could help people in similar situations. After finishing his post-graduate studies, he returned to his birthplace to practice as Ghana's first locally based cardiothoracic surgeon.
In 1992, he set up the "National Cardiothoracic Centre" at the "Korle Bu Teaching Hospital". There were no cardiothoracic surgery facilities in the country at the time, so he aimed the centre to teach to young surgeons and assist new patients. In Ghana, primary health care issues such as malaria and limited childhood vaccinations are greatly underserved due to lack of infrastructure, lack of funding, transportation, and quality and safety, making skilled speciality care a luxury often attained only by those rich enough to leave the country.
He joined the "University of Ghana Medical School" as a lecturer in 2000 and was promoted associate professor the same year. He was made a full professor in 2002. He also served as the head of the department of Surgery at the University of Ghana Medical School, prior to his current appointment as the Chief Executive of the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital in 2002. He was elected to the Ghana Academy of Arts and Sciences in December 2002 and gave his inaugural lecture the following year. Frimpong-Boateng also runs a charitable foundation, the "Ghana Heart Foundation", which is responsible for paying for heart surgery for some indigent Ghanaians under his care.
Politics.
In March 2006, Frimpong-Boateng announced his intention to seek the nomination as the candidate of the New Patriotic Party (NPP) for the December 2008 National Presidential Elections. Documentaries were made about his life and his hopes, but at the end, the candidate elected was Nana Akuffo-Addo.
Regardless of his results, he declared he is still concerned with political issues in relation to education and health problems. He would later regret that political corruption in Ghana was too much and said that in his opinion politicians were not taking social priorities into account, especially the need of technology.
Personal life.
Frimpong-Boateng is married with his wife, Agnes, with whom he has five children, one of whom is a promising athlete.
Frimpong-Boateng is a farmer.
He established the first ostrich farm in Ghana, in the village of Dedukope, in the Volta Region of Ghana. He also grows jatropha and extracts the oil for the production of bio-diesel.
Frimpong-Boateng runs a CNC machine tool center that is able to produce spare parts with computer precision at the Free Zones enclave in the port city of Tema.
He is a Christian. He has said that his work on the foundation of the National Cardiothoracic Centre was God's purpose in his life, and has declared that Ghana needs a "God-fearing" man to lead the country. He has quoted Albert Einstein saying ""I want to know God's thoughts; the rest are details."" In 2011, at his 60's, he considered himself still a strong men ""by God’s grace.""
External links.
Personal website of Kwabena Frimpong-Boateng

</doc>
<doc id="9818884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818884" title="Allen and James Thompson">
Allen and James Thompson

Brothers Allen Thompson (October 1, 1847 – February 27, 1906) and James Granville Thompson (December 25, 1849 – 1921) were Union Army soldiers during the American Civil War and recipients of the highest decoration of the United States military, the Medal of Honor. They are one of only a few pairs of brothers to have received the medal.
Biography.
Both brothers enlisted as privates in the 4th New York Heavy Artillery Regiment; Allen joined from Port Jarvis, New York in June 1863, and was assigned to Company I, while James joined from Sandy Creek, New York in February 1864, and was assigned to Company K; both brothers claimed to be 18 years old at the time of their enlistments. Allen mustered out with the regiment in September 1865. James, who was wounded 2 days after their MOH actions, was discharged the following month. 
During the Appomattox Campaign of March and April, 1865, their regiment served as infantry rather than artillery and was attached to a brigade in the 1st Division, II Corps, under division commander General Nelson A. Miles.
On April 2, 1865, the Thompsons' brigade was pursuing Confederate forces outside of Petersburg, Virginia, following the decisive Union victory at Five Forks the previous day. Upon coming across seemingly deserted enemy fortifications at White Oak Road and fearing an ambush, General Miles called for volunteers to reconnoiter the area. Seven men, including both Thompson brothers, stepped forward. Miles instructed them to advance through the trees to a designated spot in the distance and, once there, to signal back that the way was clear. If they encountered Confederate soldiers, they were to alert the brigade of the enemy's presence by opening fire immediately. The seven men advanced through the trees and were approximately one-fourth of the way to the designated spot when they were surprised by a group of about 50 Confederate soldiers. Ordered to lay down their guns and surrender, the Union men instead chose to fire, even though they were less than 100 feet from the numerically superior enemy force. James Thompson explained: 
Five of the group of seven were killed by the Confederate return fire, only the Thompson brothers survived. Allen Thompson retreated back to the Union lines, uninjured, while James Thompson lay severely wounded. Alerted by the rifle fire, the Union forces commenced an attack; the Thompsons' brigade held its position while the 2nd Division flanked and routed the enemy force. A burial detail sent to inter the dead of the small reconnaissance party found James Thompson still alive.
Thirty-one years after the battle, on April 22, 1896, Allen and James Thompson were each issued the Medal of Honor for their actions at White Oak Road. The Thompsons' official Medal of Honor citations are nearly identical; James' citation reads:
Made a hazardous reconnaissance through timber and slashings, preceding the Union line of battle, signaling the troops and leading them through the obstructions.
Allen Thompson died at age 58 and was buried in Lakeview Cemetery, Cheyenne, Wyoming. James Thompson died fifteen years later at age 71 or 72 and was buried in Mount Hope Cemetery, San Diego, California.
Medal of Honor citation.
Allen Thompson.
Rank and organization: Private, Company I, 4th New York Heavy Artillery. Place and date: At White Oak Road, Va., April 1, 1865. Entered service at: Port Jarvis, N.Y. Birth: New York, N.Y. Date of issue: April 22, 1896. 
Citation:
Made a hazardous reconnaissance through timber and slashings preceding the Union line of battle, signaling the troops and leading them through the obstruction.
James Thompson.
Rank and organization: Private, Company K, 4th New York Heavy Artillery. Place and date: At White Oak Road, Va., April 1, 1865. Entered service at: Sandy Creek, N.Y. Birth: Sandy Creek, N.Y. Date of issue: April 22, 1896. 
Citation:
Made a hazardous reconnaissance through timber and slashings, preceding the Union line of battle, signaling the troops and leading them through the obstructions.

</doc>
<doc id="9818890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818890" title="Captain Blue (Captain Scarlet)">
Captain Blue (Captain Scarlet)

Captain Blue (born Adam Svenson) is a character in the British Supermarionation television series "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons" (1967–68) and its computer-animated remake, "Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet" (2005). He is a senior officer in the Spectrum Organisation, which is committed to defending Earth against the Mysterons, and is the best friend of Captain Scarlet.
Conception.
Captain Blue was among the first characters to be conceived by series creator Gerry Anderson who, having determined that "Scarlet" would make for an unusual codename for the series' protagonist, resolved that his mission partner could be codenamed "Blue". Script editor Tony Barwick, who commented on what he perceived as the series' "quite formalised writing", wrote Blue as "the foil, the nice guy" of "Captain Scarlet".
In a 1982 interview for "Starlog" magazine, Captain Blue voice actor Ed Bishop described his casting by the Andersons: "There was an actor in the series named Cy Grant of the Lieutenant Green character. We happened to have the same agent and Sylvia Anderson had called to ask about him. The girl at the agency said, 'You people use a lot of Americans on your shows and we have this American actor.' Sylvia told her to send me along. It's just as simple as that." Gerry approved of what Bishop termed his "wall-to-wall corporate voice", judging it suitable for the role of a "smooth-talking co-star".
Although Bishop believed that he was the template for Blue's likeness, the puppet sculptor, Terry Curtis, had in fact already made a rough modelling in his own image, and simply changed the hair colour from brown to blond at the direction of Sylvia Anderson (Bishop himself, like Curtis, was darker-haired). The puppet's total cost was 500 guineas, or £525. It has been suggested that Blue's blue-eyed and blond-haired appearance influenced that of Commander Ed Straker, Bishop's live-action role in the later Anderson series "UFO".
Appearance.
"Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons".
Blue, as depicted in the 1960s series, was born on 26 August 2035 to a Boston, Massachusetts financier. After graduating from Harvard University, he embarked on a career as a pilot before joining Spectrum. Blue is courageous, hard-working and a natural leader, but also deferential to the commands of Colonel White. He regularly partners Captain Scarlet on missions and, although his best friend is indestructible, frequently fears for his safety. For example, in the episode "Winged Assassin", Blue attempts to prevent Scarlet from suicidally ramming the wheels of a Mysteronised airliner using an Spectrum Pursuit Vehicle (SPV). He serves as acting commanding officer of Cloudbase during White's absence in "White as Snow", and stands in for Lieutenant Green as communications officer in "Avalanche".
Blue occasionally disobeys commands out of his own curiosity. For example, in "Renegade Rocket", he refuses to leave a military base that is being targeted by its own missile, electing to remain behind with Scarlet in an attempt to find the self-destruct code, and in "Special Assignment", being unaware that Scarlet's discharge from Spectrum is in fact part of the Captain's undercover mission, leaves Cloudbase without authorisation to find and reason with his friend. Physically active, Blue regularly practises surfing, water-skiing and deep-sea harpoon fishing. A romance with Symphony Angel is suggested in some episodes: in "Manhunt", Blue is distressed by Captain Black's abduction of Symphony and is anxious to venture into a nuclear power station to rescue her, while in "Attack on Cloudbase", the two characters share a long gaze after Symphony experiences a disturbing nightmare about the base's destruction.
"Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet".
In the 2005 remake, Blue is still a brave Spectrum officer and loyal companion; however, he is of stronger build and speaks with a rougher accent. He prefers to confront situations swiftly and has fewer reservations about using violence against the Mysterons than he did previously. He appears to have a romantic interest in Serena Lewis (the female Lieutenant Green), but this is never explicitly described as a relationship.
Reception.
James Stansfield of the entertainment website Den of Geek describes Blue as Captain Scarlet's "trusty sidekick", adding that although the pair were equal in rank, Blue "was always the Robin to Scarlet's Batman". The character's subservience to Scarlet has been acknowledged by Bishop, who suggested that Blue "got a raw deal, because he was very heroic, you know. He was very close to Scarlet, and I pulled him out of some very sticky wickets". Cultural historian Nicholas J. Cull comments that Blue's nationality, coupled with his status as a "strong supporting character", is representative of a general shift away from the predominantly American protagonists of earlier Anderson series, including "Thunderbirds".

</doc>
<doc id="9818903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818903" title="Anders Stadheim">
Anders Stadheim

Anders Stadheim (born August 14, 1980) is a former Norwegian footballer, who played for Fredrikstad FK and Sogndal. His position was as a midfielder. He was capped twice for Norway, scoring one goal.
His father Ingvar is a former player and manager of the Norwegian national side.

</doc>
<doc id="9818988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818988" title="2007 United Kingdom petrol contamination">
2007 United Kingdom petrol contamination

The 2007 United Kingdom petrol contamination problem arose on 28 February 2007 when motorists in South East England reported that their cars were breaking down. This was caused by silicon-contaminated unleaded petrol, sold by several supermarkets, that damaged the Lambda sensors in engine management systems.
The problem.
On 28 February 2007 motorists in South East England reported that their cars were breaking down. Motorists blamed supermarket petrol with most of the fuel sold by the supermarkets in the South East coming from the Vopak terminal in the Thames Estuary. Harvest Energy, which supplies Asda, shares tank facilities at the depot in West Thurrock with another oil company, Greenergy, which is part-owned by Tesco and supplies both Tesco and Morrisons.
Then on the evening of 2 March scientists who had been testing the petrol reported finding traces of silicon in the fuel which were subsequently tracked down to four storage tanks by Harvest Energy.
Morrisons immediately announced that it was to stop selling unleaded petrol at 41 outlets supplied by the Vopak terminal while Tesco was emptying and refilling tanks at 150 petrol stations but was not suspending sales. The following day Asda said it was replacing unleaded petrol at the 30 forecourts in the South East as a "precautionary measure".
By Sunday, 4 March, tests from Tesco and Asda had found contamination of silicon in unleaded fuel.
The cause.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) said it believed suspect fuel might have damaged Lambda sensors in some cars' systems, leading them to cut power to prevent damage to the engine. Silicon products are used as 'anti-foaming agents' in diesel fuel, but even very small quantities can cause serious problems in petrol engines.
Consequences.
Tesco was criticised with claims that they had been alerted to the problem as early as 12 February. Affected motorists faced bills of several hundred pounds to repair their cars and, with up to 10,000 cars needing repair, the suppliers could be liable for compensation claims of up to £10 million. On 4 March it was announced that a class action, on behalf of affected motorists, would be mounted.
Trading Standards officials advised motorists to keep petrol receipts, take a sample of the fuel, obtain quotes from garages for repair costs and approach the petrol station where the fuel was purchased. Then, on 6 March, Morrisons and Tesco offered to pay for any damage caused by the faulty petrol and Tesco printed full page apologies in many national newspapers.
A further consequence was a rise in petrol prices charged by traditional petrol companies, of up to 4p per litre, across the country. An AA spokesman said "Putting up prices to make a fast buck is completely unjustified. Sometimes garages increase the price to protect stocks from a sudden run. But if anyone has upped the price outside the areas where the problems have been then they are milking the system.". However, the UK Petroleum Industry Association replied "There is no profiteering. Oil products are priced to the market. Pump prices are usually linked to the price of crude oil or the wholesale price of petrol.".
Further contamination.
Since the initial problem in 2007, many people have reported problems with their cars after filling up with petrol and diesel at Tesco filling stations. These problems normally caused the engine management light to come on, and ranged from problems with the fuel system to damaged oxygen lambda sensors. They may have been caused by silicon or even water found in the underground fuel storage tanks.

</doc>
<doc id="9818989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818989" title="Eric Schoomaker">
Eric Schoomaker

Eric B. Schoomaker (born September 15, 1948) is a former United States Army lieutenant general who served as the 42nd Surgeon General of the United States Army and Commanding General, United States Army Medical Command, and a practicing hematologist. He previously served as Commanding General, North Atlantic Regional Medical Command and Walter Reed Army Medical Center. He assumed the post of U.S. Army Surgeon General on December 11, 2007.
Early life and education.
Schoomaker was born into an Army family in Detroit, Michigan. He is the younger brother of General Peter Schoomaker, USA, who served as the 35th Chief of Staff of the United States Army. He attend East Lansing High School. In 1970 he graduated from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, was commissioned a second lieutenant as a Distinguished Military Graduate, and awarded a bachelor of science degree. He received his medical degree from the University of Michigan Medical School in 1975 and completed his PhD in Human Genetics in 1979.
Career.
Schoomaker completed his internship and residency in internal medicine at Duke University Medical Center in Durham, North Carolina, from 1976 to 1978, followed by a fellowship in hematology at Duke University Medical Center in 1979. He is certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine in both internal medicine and hematology. His military education includes completion of the Combat Care Casualty Course, Medical Management of Chemical Casualty Care Course, AMEDD Officer Advanced Course, Command and General Staff College, and the U.S. Army War College.
Schoomaker has held a wide variety of assignments. From 1979 until 1982, he was a research hematologist at Walter Reed Army Institute of Research. He served as Assistant Chief and Program Director, Department of Medicine, Walter Reed Army Medical Center, from 1982 to 1988; Medical Consultant to Headquarters, 7th Medical Command, Heidelberg, Germany, 1988–1990; Deputy Commander for Clinical Services, Landstuhl Army Regional Medical Center, Landstuhl, Germany, 1990–1992; Chief and Program Director, Department of Medicine and Director of Primary Care, Madigan Army Medical Center, Tacoma, Washington, 1992–1995; Director of Medical Education for the Office of The Surgeon General/HQ USAMEDCOM conducting a split operation between Washington, DC, and Fort Sam Houston, Texas, 1995–1997; and Director of Clinical Operations at the HQ USAMEDCOM, February to July 1997. From July 1997 to July 1999, he commanded the USA MEDDAC (Evans Army Community Hospital) at Fort Carson, Colorado. He attended the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle Barracks, Pennsylvania, from 1999 to 2000 followed by assignments as the Command Surgeon for the U.S. Army Forces Command (FORSCOM) from July 2000 to March 2001, and Commander of the 30th Medical Brigade headquartered in Heidelberg, Germany, from April 2001 to June 2002.
In August 2002, The Army Surgeon General appointed General Schoomaker to the position of Chief of the Army Medical Corps. Prior to commanding at Fort Detrick, he was the Commanding General of the Southeast Regional Medical Command/Dwight David Eisenhower Army Medical Center from June 2002 to June 2005. Schoomaker was then the commanding general of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command at Fort Detrick until March 2007. From March until December 11, 2007, he was commander of the North Atlantic Regional Medical Command and Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
Legacy.
Schoomaker has been honored with the Order of Military Medical Merit and the "A" proficiency designator and holds the Expert Field Medical Badge.
Personal life.
Schoomaker has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="9818992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818992" title="1993 Arena Football League season">
1993 Arena Football League season

The 1993 Arena Football League season was the seventh season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Tampa Bay Storm, who defeated the Detroit Drive in ArenaBowl VII. The AFL also re-aligned to two conferences.
Team Movement.
The New Orleans Night and the San Antonio Force both ceased operations and the Sacramento Attack relocated to Miami, Florida to become the Miami Hooters. The Denver Dynamite remained inactive.
Standings.
z – clinched homefield advantage
y – clinched division title
x – clinched playoff spot

</doc>
<doc id="9818995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818995" title="Wang OFFICE">
Wang OFFICE

Wang OFFICE was the umbrella brand name for several suites of office automation software sold by Wang Labs in the 1980s and early 1990s. 
The VS OFFICE suite provided Email, calendar and scheduling, bulletin board, and InfoCard (contact management) services, hosted on Wang VS minicomputers and with a user interface that ran on Wang's block-mode terminals. A character terminal "Traveling User" gateway using the Telnet protocol was also available. Multiple hosts could be connected via a network, sharing a common directory that was "synchronized" across hosts in an early example of replication. Email and scheduling data was also transmitted between hosts across the network. SMTP and X.400 gateways were available for email interoperability.
Additional suites sold under the Wang OFFICE brand included "PC OFFICE" for MS-DOS based computers, and "OIS OFFICE" and "Alliance OFFICE" for proprietary multi-user systems sold by Wang under the corresponding brand names "OIS" and "Alliance".

</doc>
<doc id="9818997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9818997" title="Ospan Batyr">
Ospan Batyr

Osman Batyr (; ; sometimes spelled as Uthmān/Osman Bātūr, Osman Batir or Osman Batur), (1899 - April 29, 1951), the son of "Islambay" was born in Koktokay County, Altay Prefecture, Xinjiang, China.
He first worked for the Turkestan Republic and Mongolian People's Republic during the Ili Rebellion, but switched sides, and defected to the Republic of China Kuomintang army. He then fought against the Mongols and the Soviet Union during the Pei-ta-shan Incident.
In Xinjiang he led the Kazakh people to fight against the Republic of China. He was captured in Hami (Eastern Xinjiang), and executed in Urumqi on April 29, 1951, after resisting the Communist takeover. After his death many of his followers fled over the Himalayan mountains. Afterwards they were airlifted to Turkey, where they now live.
Batur is not a surname, it is a Kazakh title meaning "hero". (See also Baghatur.)

</doc>
<doc id="9819006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819006" title="Outline of classical studies">
Outline of classical studies

The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to classical studies:
Classical studies (Classics for short) – earliest branch of the Humanities, which covers the languages, literature, history, art, and other cultural aspects of the ancient Mediterranean world. The field focuses primarily on, but is not limited to, Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome during classical antiquity, the era spanning from the beginning of the Bronze Age of Ancient Greece in 1000 BCE through the period known as Late Antiquity to the fall of the Western Roman Empire, circa 500 CE. The word classics is also used to refer to the literature of the period.
Classical archaeology.
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
The Greek category was not "Wonders" but ""theamata"", which translates closer to "must-sees". The list that we know today was compiled in the Middle Ages—by which time many of the sites were no longer in existence:
Classical history.
Classical Egyptian history.
"See also the List of ancient Egyptian dynasties"
Classical philology.
Philology –
Classical language.
Classical language –
Ancient Greek.
Ancient Greek –
Classical literature.
Classical Greek literature.
Ancient Greek literature –
Classical Latin literature.
Latin literature –
Prose writers.
Orators:
Classical studies scholars.
See List of classical scholars –

</doc>
<doc id="9819010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819010" title="Randy Johnson (American football)">
Randy Johnson (American football)

Randolph Klaus "Randy" Johnson (June 17, 1944 – September 17, 2009) was an American football player. He was the starting quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons in their inaugural season of 1966. In 1974 he played with The Hawaiians of the World Football League.
Johnson graduated from Sam Houston High School in San Antonio, Texas in 1962. He attended Texas A&I (now Texas A&M–Kingsville). 
He entered the 1966 NFL Draft, and became the first Texas A&I player to be drafted in the first round. Over his professional career, he threw 647 of 1,286 passes (a 50.3-percentage) for 51 touchdowns and 90 interceptions.

</doc>
<doc id="9819025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819025" title="Cannon shooting at the 1900 Summer Olympics">
Cannon shooting at the 1900 Summer Olympics

Cannon shooting was a demonstration sport in the 1900 Olympic Games in Paris. It consisted of 17 events, all for men. Only French competitors participated.

</doc>
<doc id="9819046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819046" title="Natasha and Other Stories">
Natasha and Other Stories

Natasha and Other Stories (ISBN 0-374-28141-6) is a collection of short stories by Canadian author David Bezmozgis. His first published book, "Natasha" was published in 2004. Stories from the collection first appeared in "The New Yorker", "Harper's" and "Zoetrope All-Story".
The book is a collection of linked stories about the Bermans, a Jewish family from Latvia adapting to their new life as immigrants to Canada. The central character is Mark Berman, who is a young child when the family first arrives in Canada.
Awards and nominations.
"Natasha and Other Stories" won the Danuta Gleed Literary Award in 2005, and was nominated for the 2004 Governor General's Award for English fiction and the Guardian First Book Award.
The book was also chosen for inclusion in "Canada Reads 2007", where it was championed by Steven Page.

</doc>
<doc id="9819049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819049" title="John Joseph Brennan">
John Joseph Brennan

John Joseph Brennan (1913–1976), usually known as John Brennan, was a Northern Irish politician. He stood for the British House of Commons in Belfast West at the 1959 UK general election, representing the Independent Labour Group, receiving 37.6% of the vote. 
In 1962 he stood for the Belfast Falls constituency at the 1962 Northern Ireland election, before becoming a founder member of the National Democratic Party.
Under the National Democratic banner, Brennan won Belfast Central at the 1965 Northern Ireland election without facing an opponent - the only member of that party to win election at this level. 
However, at the 1969 Northern Ireland election, he was defeated by Paddy Kennedy of the Republican Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9819050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819050" title="National Center for Research Resources">
National Center for Research Resources

The National Center for Research Resources (NCRR) was a center within the National Institutes of Health a United States government agency. NCRR provided funding to laboratory scientists and researchers for facilities and tools in the goal of curing and treating diseases.
Organization and history.
The National Center for Research Resources (NCRR) was one of the 27 institutes and centers that make up the National Institutes of Health (NIH) within the Department of Health and Human Services of the federal government of the United States. The NIH is one of eight agencies under the Public Health Service (PHS) in the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS).
In 1990 the Division of Research Resources and the Division of Research Services were merged to form the "National Center for Research Resources". Its mission statement declares that it "provides laboratory scientists and clinical researchers with environments and tools that they can use to prevent, detect, and treat a wide range of diseases."
NCRR was abolished in December 2011 as part of an NIH reorganization to create the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS). Several of NCRR's programs were reassigned to other NIH institutes and centers.
Role.
NCRR administered, fostered, and supported the development of research resources for health-related research. Programs were carried out through: (a) research grants, research and development contracts, and individual and institutional research training awards; (b) cooperation and collaboration with organizations and institutions engaged in multi-categorical research resources activities; and (c) collection and dissemination of information on research and findings in these areas.
The NCRR funded research concentrated in four programmatic Divisions: Division for Biomedical Technology Research and Research Resources, Division for Clinical Research Resources, Division of Comparative Medicine, and Division of Research Infrastructure.
NCRR's Major Extramural Programs included:
Division for Biomedical Technology Research and Research Resources
Division for Clinical Research Resources
Division of Comparative Medicine
Division of Research Infrastructure

</doc>
<doc id="9819106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819106" title="Crocodile Dentist">
Crocodile Dentist

Crocodile Dentist is a game made for young children, first published by Milton Bradley in 1990. A smaller travel version of the game was released in 1993. The game was the brainchild of Robert B. Fuhrer, who later created Gator Golf, and many other toys and games.
Gameplay.
The goal of the game is to "extract" the plastic teeth from a crocodile toy's mouth by pulling them out with plastic pliers. If the "sore tooth" is pulled, the mouth will snap shut, and the person who caused the mouth to shut is the loser. The travel version of Crocodile Dentist featured slightly different gameplay, where instead of pulling the teeth out of the crocodile's mouth the players had to push the crocodile's teeth down into its mouth.
Development.
"Crocodile Dentist" went through several changes during its development phase. Fuhrer and his technicians were told to tweak the length and speed of the crocodile's lunging motion so that the toy would not cause eye injuries. Fuhrer also added a pair of plastic pliers to quell fears that children would hurt their fingers. However, the game testers later thought that the toy lacked excitement, and though the pliers remained in the final product, Fuhrer restored the original lunging motion.
Reception.
"Crocodile Dentist" was one of the best-selling games of the 1991 Christmas season and remained a high-seller afterwards.
Several commentators listed the product as one of the strangest new toys available. "What kind of mind came up with this game?" asked the "York Daily Record"'s Mike Argento, who included it in his 1992 Bizarre Toy Awards. Twelve years later, however, Argento admitted that the game had "passed into classic status".
The success of "Crocodile Dentist" led Robert Fuhrer to design several other crocodile-themed games. One of those, "Crocodile Golf", became the popular "Gator Golf".
In Popular Culture.
An episode of the The Price Is Right from 1993 featured the travel version of the game as one of the small items used in the pricing game Pathfinder. Model Janice Pennington demonstrated to host Bob Barker how the game works. After pressing a few teeth, Barker chose the bad tooth causing the crocodile to snap on Bob's hand causing him to incite a loud "Aaah!"
The main characters are seen playing the game in the Men Behaving Badly episode Ten, with Dorothy's ten-year-old nephew.

</doc>
<doc id="9819107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819107" title="Jerez-Xérès-Sherry y Manzanilla de Sanlúcar de Barrameda">
Jerez-Xérès-Sherry y Manzanilla de Sanlúcar de Barrameda

In Roman times the "Ceretian wines" exported to the Empire bore a distinguishing seal of origin.
Control Council for Sherry and the official denomination of origin Jerez-Xérès-Sherry. It is an Organization established in 1934 which controls and protects the denomination of origin Jerez. It protects and inspects the Sherry industry and it also controls age and quality of wines for exportation.
The functions of the Regulatory Council are extrictly observed.
The varieties of grapes used must be Palomino de Jerez, Palomino Fino and Pedro Ximénez. Moscatel or Muscat are allowed only to produce Moscatel wine.

</doc>
<doc id="9819151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819151" title="Napierville, Quebec">
Napierville, Quebec

Napierville is a municipality in the Jardins de Napierville Regional County Municipality in Quebec, Canada, situated in the Montérégie administrative region. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 3,525. It is the location of the seat of the Jardins de Napierville Regional County Municipality. It is surrounded by the municipality of Saint-Cyprien-de-Napierville.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9819157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819157" title="Downstown">
Downstown

Downstown was an American comic strip created by Tim Downs in the spring of 1974, during his junior year of college at Indiana University. It began as a college feature. In the strip, Josh and John were college roommates sharing an off-campus apartment, Fred was a student who directed registration and worked at a local restaurant, and Chuck Laylo was an exceptionally smooth and cool fraternity man—a member of the imaginary Sigma Theta fraternity. The first college to ever publish "Downstown" was the New York Institute of Technology in Old Westbury, New York.
In the fall of 1975, at the beginning of his final year as a fine arts student, Tim Downs brought "Downstown" to Indiana University's paper, the "Indiana Daily Student", which immediately began to publish the strip as a daily feature. The strip soon began syndication to other college newspapers.
For the next five years, "Downstown" appeared in a variety of campus papers across the United States. During this period, three collections of "Downstown" were published by the "Indiana Daily Student": "This is Winning?"; "With Love, Chuck"; and "Get in There and Quit".
In the fall of 1979, Universal Press Syndicate agreed to begin syndication of "Downstown". Universal felt that a college setting was too narrow for a commercial strip, so "Downstown" became a strip about singles.
The first syndicated "Downstown" released on March 24, 1980 in 46 newspapers. The strip appeared as a daily and Sunday feature for the next six years. The strip ended with a week-long going-away party attended by characters from other strips. In the final strip (published February 1, 1986), the main character, John, poked a hole in the bottom of the strip border with a pickaxe and the characters were sucked through the opening.
Another collection was self-published by Downs following the end of the strip, "The Laylo Papers: The Complete Guide to Relationships". The book remains in print and available for direct order from Downs.
External links.
As of May 2009, the direct order from Downs link belongs to New Ventures Services Corp., which currently uses the site as a placeholder for future promotional purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="9819165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819165" title="21st Utah Senate District">
21st Utah Senate District

The 21st Utah Senate District is located in Davis County and includes Utah House Districts 11, 13, 14, 15 and 16. The current State Senator representing the 21st district is Jerry Stevenson. Stevenson was elected by delegates to replace Sheldon Killpack after Killpack's resignation in January 2010 and Stevenson is up for re-election in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9819174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819174" title="Picton Castle (ship)">
Picton Castle (ship)

The Picton Castle is a fully certified and registered Cook Islands tall ship whose mission is deep-ocean sail training and long distance education. "Picton Castle" is perhaps best known for her World Circumnavigations, though she has visited the Great Lakes twice, sailed numerous times on tours on the East Coast of the Americas, completed a Caribbean Voyage and in 2008 sailed to Europe, Africa and the Caribbean on a Voyage of the Atlantic. In 2012 she sailed for the South Pacific. The Picton Castle's unofficial home port in Canada is Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, but she is formally registered in the Cook Islands and subject to that country's regulatory regime. 
In 2001, a series called the Tallship Chronicles followed the "Picton Castle" on her second voyage around the world. The ship has carried out five world voyages to date - completing the fifth one on June 18, 2011.
"Picton Castle" is rigged as a three-masted barque, is long, with a riveted steel hull, clear oiled pine decks, steel masts and wooden and steel yards. She carries of sail. The ship displaces 300 tons. She has a 690-horsepower diesel engine for the times when sailing is not feasible. The ship has space for roughly 52 people, consisting of about 12 professional crew and 40 sail trainees.
"Picton Castle" is a working tall ship. Sail trainee crew sign on with the knowledge that they will be participating fully in ship's operations. They stand watch, take turns at the helm, raise the anchor, clean the ship, haul on lines, handle sails, scrub the decks, participate in daily ships maintenance, help in the galley and keep lookout, among other things. The Captain and Mates conduct regular workshops designed to complement daily life on board. Workshops include seamanship, sail handling, sail making, ship maintenance, rigging, wire and rope splicing, knot tying, celestial navigation, plotting and chart work, rules of the road, weather, small boat handling, basic engineer and more. They also conduct regular safety drills onboard so that crew become familiar and comfortable with equipment and safety procedures. These drills include: Fire, Man Overboard and Abandon Ship.
Operational history.
As a trawler, minesweeper, and freighter.
"Picton Castle" was originally built as a motorized fishing trawler in 1928. She was built along with four other trawlers for the same company and operated out of Swansea, Wales. The ship was named after the Welsh castle of the same name.
In August 1939, the Royal Navy requisitioned the trawler for use in World War II and refit her as a minesweeper. While sweeping mines near Norway, she made way for the port of Bergen for repairs. The Germans had just left Norway, and the sight of the Union Jack-bearing HMS "Picton Castle" earned her the title "The Liberator of Norway."
Following World War II, the ship was renamed "Dolmar" and worked as a freighter in the North Sea and Baltic Sea.
Acquisition and refit.
During the early 1990s, Daniel Moreland acquired the ship while seeking a vessel to convert to a barque. With the help of a small crew he brought her across the Atlantic Ocean, eventually ending up in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia where she began her multi-million dollar refit.
"Picton Castle" is still captained by Daniel Moreland.
As a sailing ship.
"Picton Castle"'s first world circumnavigation voyage took place from 1997-1999. She has since sailed around the world four more times, for a total of five global circumnavigations. 
In September 2007, "Picton Castle" announced its first Voyage of the Atlantic. The ship embarked on May 2008 from its home port of Lunenburg, Nova Scotia and followed the Westerlies across the North Atlantic for the British Isles and Northern Europe. Then sailed across the English Channel and down the coast of France to Spain, Portugal, and Gibraltar. Explored the Atlantic Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands and Cape Verde and followed in the wake of Columbus as the "Picton Castle" set sail on one of the finest studdingsail passages, riding the tropical trade-winds across the mid-Atlantic from Senegal, West Africa, crossing the Equator to Fernando De Noronha, Brazil and onward to the sweet isles of the West Indies. 
During the summer of 2007, "Picton Castle" successfully completed its first Bosun School. The purpose of Bosun School is to provide an opportunity to young dedicated mariners to advance their skill level in a concentrated fashion without the natural demands and distractions of being underway at sea. A second Bosun School was held in the fall of 2009, and a third started in September 2011.
In the spring of 2007, "Picton Castle" was featured in Mark Burnett's CBS reality show "Pirate Master". The show was filmed in the Caribbean island of Dominica and premiered May 31, 2007 in the spot previously occupied by "Survivor".
On the night of December 8, 2006, as the "Picton Castle" was roughly south-east of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, the ship encountered bad weather; a wave swamped the ship, sweeping one of the crew overboard. The person swept overboard was later identified as 25 year old lead seaman Laura Gainey, daughter of Bob Gainey and a member of the ship's professional crew. She was not wearing a life jacket or a survival suit, but due to the warm water temperatures of and her excellent physical condition, she was expected to survive for up to 36 hours. She was able to call out while being swept overboard, and crew on the ship threw flotation devices and radar reflectors into the water to aid her and mark her position. Subsequent searching by "Picton Castle", assisted by aircraft of the United States and Canadian Coast Guards, and nearby merchant vessels, was unsuccessful and called off after three days.
When "Picton Castle" arrived at St. Kitts on December 24, an investigator of the Ministry of Transport for the Cook Islands, the ship's country of registry, came on board and started a preliminary investigation, which was finished on February 19, 2007. A Board of Marine Inquiry, after reviewing the preliminary investigation, issued a final report in summer 2007. An investigation titled "Overboard" by the CBC program "The Fifth Estate", first aired on November 28, 2007, claimed to have uncovered serious safety problems with the ship. A few days before, the Transportation Safety Board of Canada (TSB), as an interested party given the close ties of the ship to Canada and given that both the ship's owner and the lost seaman are Canadian, began an independent investigation on November 18, 2007; they reviewed the report of the Cook Islands and issued their own Marine Investigation Report (M06F0024 - "Crew Member Lost Overboard, Sail Training Vessel Picton Castle, 376 nm SSE of Lunenburg, Nova Scotia"), released on July 24, 2008 and available on their website. The report found among the "causes and contributing factors" that the decision to set to sea did not sufficiently take into account the long-range weather forecasts, especially in view of the crew's qualification and experience; the lost deckhand did not get enough sleep in the 1-2 days before the accident; most likely miscommunication on the fatal evening resulted in her still getting up every hour instead of getting rest; the port breezeway of the ship was designated "off-limits" by the ship's master, but due to inefficient communication, the lost deckhand seems to have remained unaware of that order; in the heavy weather, no safety nets were rigged on the ship; safety lines were rigged, but safety harnesses were not worn, and there were no "established fastening points" (other than the safety lines) to which to clip safety harnesses. Several measures were subsequently undertaken and procedures changed on the ship, to address some of the concerns and to generally improve safety on the ship (e.g., wearing safety harnesses at night and in heavy weather; monitoring fatigue of crew members; etc.).
In October 2013 "Picton Castle" participated in the International Fleet Review 2013, the centennial anniversary of the Royal Australian Navy, in Sydney, Australia along with fifteen other tall ships including the Sydney based 19th century Barque James Craig (1874).
"Picton Castle" is currently sailing in the South Pacific, having left her home base in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia in November 2012, shortly after Hurricane Sandy. Starting in July 2014, she will sail west from Fiji, bound eventually to return to Lunenburg late in the summer of 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="9819194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819194" title="The Song of Kahunsha">
The Song of Kahunsha

The Song of Kahunsha (ISBN 0-385-66228-9) is a novel by the Indian-Canadian novelist and playwright Anosh Irani, published in 2006 by Doubleday Canada and in 2007 in the US by Milkweed Editions.
Set against the backdrop of the racial violence that engulfed the Indian city of Bombay in 1992 and 1993, the novel depicts the life of Chamdi, a ten-year-old orphan forced to survive on the streets after running away from his orphanage in a quest to find his father. 
The book was selected for inclusion in the 2008 edition of "Canada Reads", in which it was championed by author Donna Morrissey.
Synopsis.
Abandoned as an infant, ten-year-old Chamdi has spent his entire life in a Bombay orphanage. There he has learned to find solace in his everyday surroundings: the smell of the first rains, the vibrant pinks and reds of the bougainvilleas that blossom in the courtyard, the life-size statue of Jesus, the "beautiful giant," to whom he confides his hopes and fears in the prayer room. Though he rarely ventures outside the orphanage, he entertains an idyllic fantasy of what the city is like – a paradise he calls Kahunsha, "the city of no sadness," where children play cricket in the streets and where people will become one with all the colours known to man.
Chamdi’s quiet life takes a sudden turn, however, when he learns that the orphanage will be shut down by land developers. He decides that he must run away in search of his long-lost father, taking nothing with him but the blood-stained white cloth he was left in as a baby.
Outside the walls of the orphanage, Chamdi quickly discovers that Bombay is nothing like Kahunsha. The streets are filthy and devoid of colour, and no one shows him an ounce of kindness. Just as he’s about to faint from hunasoned street children offer help: the lovely, sarcastic Guddi and her brother, the charming, scarred, and crippled Sumdi. After their father was crushed by a car before their eyes, the children were left to care for their insane mother and their infant brother. They soon initiate Chamdi into the brutal life of the city’s homeless, begging all day and handing over most of his earnings to Anand Bhai, a vicious underworld don who will happily mutilate or kill whoever dares to defy him.
Determined to escape the desperation, filth, and violence of their lives, Guddi and Sumdi recruit Chamdi into their plot to steal from a temple. But when the robbery goes terribly awry, Chamdi finds himself in an even worse situation. The city has erupted in Hindu-Muslim violence and, held in Anand Bhai’s fierce grip, Chamdi is presented with a choice that threatens to rob him of his innocence forever.

</doc>
<doc id="9819204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819204" title="Refugium (fishkeeping)">
Refugium (fishkeeping)

In fishkeeping, a refugium is an appendage to a marine, brackish, or freshwater fish tank that shares the same water supply. For some applications water flow is limited in order to protect plants or animals that require slow flow. The refugium light cycle can be operated opposite to the main tank, in order to keep total system pH more stable (due to the uptake of acid-forming by the refugium during its daylight hours). One size guideline is 1/10 main tank volume.
A refugium may be used for one or more purposes such as denitrification, nutrient export, plankton production, circulation, surface agitation, oxygenation or aesthetic purposes.
Construction.
Tropical marine refugiums often contain live rock and live sand, macroalgae, and sometimes scavenger microfauna such as micro brittle stars, tiny sea stars such as asterina, snails, and worms. To achieve maximum biological filtration through uptake of nutrients by macroalgae/mangroves, strong lighting is often utilized in the refugium. In this fashion, macroalgae algae growth is encouraged, competing with nuisance algae which would otherwise thrive in the main/display tank. Some also use refugiums to raise tiny brine shrimp, mysis shrimp, ostracods, amphipods, copepods and isopods for delicate fish like seahorses and dragonets to feed on. A sump is an additional tank often kept under the display tank that serves to house filtration and other miscellaneous equipment such as protein skimmers, reaction chambers, hoses, heaters and the like. This is especially common for show tanks and reef tanks. In addition to housing critical equipment, the sump serves to add volume to the total system; mitigating the effects of nutrient buildup or unintentional introduction of foreign substances.
Tropical freshwater refugiums often contain large amounts of aquarium plants, primarily Vallisneria, Anubias, Cabomba, Echinodorus, Microsorum, Cladophora, Java moss and Fontinalis, but like marine tanks they often contain scavengers such as several species of prolific snails which are often Malaysian trumpet snails, Ramshorn snails and Physa and prolific shrimp such as cherry shrimp. Some use refugiums to raise microfauna Daphnia, Moina and Gammarus to supplement the diets of the fish in the main tank, particularly fish that are picky about their diet, such as freshwater pipefish.
In home aquariums, the refugium is typically located in the cabinet underneath the main tank. By confining the plants and creatures to the refugium, the main tank remains clean and aesthetically pleasing, while the biological filtration takes place in the refugium.

</doc>
<doc id="9819241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819241" title="Exposure therapy">
Exposure therapy

Exposure therapy is a technique in behavior therapy intended to treat anxiety disorders. It involves the exposure of the patient to the feared object or context without any danger, in order to overcome their anxiety. Procedurally it is similar to the fear extinction paradigm in rodent work. Numerous studies have demonstrated its effectiveness in the treatment of anxiety disorders such as PTSD and specific phobias.
Exposure-based therapy may be effective in preventing the progression from acute stress disorder to post-traumatic stress disorder, according to a report in the June 2008 issue of "Archives of General Psychiatry".
It is also very closely related to exposure and response prevention, a method widely used for the treatment of obsessive–compulsive disorder.
Background.
The use of exposure as a mode of therapy began in the 1950s during the behavior therapy movement, a time when the psychoanalytic view dominated Western psychology and behavioral therapists first emerged. South African psychologists and psychiatrists, who brought their methods to England and the Maudsley Hospital training program, first used exposure as a mode of therapy to reduce pathological fears, such as phobias and anxiety-related problems.
One of the first psychiatrists to spark interest in resolving clinical problems from a behavioral point of view, Joseph Wolpe (1915–1997) sought consultation with other behavioral psychologists similar in methodology. James G. Taylor (1897–1973), working in the psychology department of the University of Cape Town in South Africa, was among the psychologists Wolpe sought discussion with. Although most of his work went unpublished, Taylor was the first recorded psychologist to use an exposure therapy treatment for anxiety, including methods of situational exposure with response prevention—a common exposure therapy technique still being utilized.
Since the 1950s and the behavior therapy movement, several modes of exposure therapy have proliferated, including systematic desensitization, flooding, implosive therapy, prolonged exposure therapy, in vivo exposure therapy, and imaginal exposure therapy.
Techniques.
Exposure therapy is based on the principles of respondent conditioning often termed Pavlovian extinction. The exposure therapist identifies the cognitions, emotions and physiological arousal that accompany a fear-inducing stimulus, and attempts to break the pattern of escape that strengthens the fear response, through measured exposure to progressively stronger stimuli until habituation is reached. The technique involves the creation of a program of steadily escalating steps or challenges (a hierarchy), which can be explicit ("static") or implicit ("dynamic" — see Method of Factors), that work towards a final goal representing a "non-phobic" response. The patient then voluntarily moves through the steps, with a means of terminating each step which is under voluntary control.
While therapeutic exposure has a strong evidence base, some clinicians are uncomfortable using Imaginal Exposure therapy, specifically in cases of PTSD, because they do not understand it or are not confident in their own ability to utilize it, or more commonly, see significant contraindications for their client.
Exposure and flooding differ in that flooding starts at the most extreme item in a fear hierarchy, while exposure does not.
The exposure procedures are divided into three types. The first is in vivo or “real life.” This type of procedure uses a direct approach with activities in different situations. For example, if someone fears public speaking the person may be asked to give a speech to a small group of people just to channel that fear directly. The second type of exposure is imaginal, where patients are asked to imagine a situation that they are afraid of. This procedure is helpful for people who need to confront feared thoughts and memories. The third type of exposure is interoceptive, which may be used for more specific disorders such as panic or post-traumatic stress disorder. Patients confront feared bodily symptoms such as increased heart rate and shortness of breath. All of different types of exposure can be used together or they can be used separately.
Common uses.
Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
There is empirical evidence that exposure therapy can be an effective treatment for people with generalized anxiety disorder, citing specifically in vivo exposure therapy, which has greater effectiveness than imaginal exposure in regards to generalized anxiety disorder. The aim of in vivo exposure treatment is to promote emotional regulation using systematic and controlled therapeutic exposure to traumatic stimuli.
Specific phobias.
Exposure based therapies have also been found to be successful in treating specific phobias and are the most validated treatment known for phobias. Several published meta-analyses observed the success of a single-session of exposure therapy—specifically imaginal exposure, a one to three hour treatment session—in treating patients with specific phobias. Four years later at the post-treatment follow-up, 90% of patients retained a considerable reduction in fear, avoidance, and overall level of impairment, while 65% no longer experienced any symptoms of a specific phobia.
For example, one disorder treated using exposure therapy is agoraphobia. Agoraphobia is a fear that makes someone avoid situations that may cause him or her to panic, such as being alone, leaving the home, avoiding feeling trapped or being embarrassed or helpless. This disorder is a problem because it can be very debilitating to be so anxious that you do not want to leave your house or you don’t want to be alone. Additionally, patients are overly concerned about the social consequences of showing anxiety symptoms in public. They are afraid of losing control in front of everyone.
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.
A type of exposure therapy has recently found efficacy in treating disorders extending further into the anxiety spectrum. Virtual reality exposure (VRE) therapy is a modern but effective treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and has been tested on several active duty Army soldiers using an immersive computer simulation of military settings over six sessions. Self-reported PTSD symptoms of the active duty Army soldiers were greatly diminished compared to pretreatment reports, thus advocating exposure therapy's effectiveness in reducing PTSD. Exposure therapy has shown promise in the treatment of co-morbid PTSD and substance abuse.
Organizations.
Exposure therapy is a behavior therapy technique. Many organizations exist for behavior therapists around the world. The Association for Behavior Analysis International (ABA) offers a certification in behavior therapy [http://www.abainternational.org/]. This certification allows for the demonstration of knowledge regarding exposure therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="9819243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819243" title="Marsheaux">
Marsheaux

Marsheaux is a Greek synthpop duo formed in Athens in 2003. The group is composed of vocalists, songwriters and keyboardists Marianthi Melitsi and Sophie Sarigiannidou. The name Marsheaux is derived from the first syllable of each band member's name. Both members sing almost exclusively in English. Andy McCluskey of OMD said about this band: "I do have a soft spot for Marsheaux I have to say. They have a certain sort of wispy, melancholic charm".
History.
Marianthi Melitsi and Sophie Sarigiannidou were born in Thessaloniki, Greece. In 2000, they moved to Athens and founded Marsheaux in 2003 to further their appreciation of electronic pop music.
Marsheaux came to national prominence in Greece with their debut single, a cover of Gershon Kingsley's "Popcorn". The single received extensive air play in Greece and mainland Europe. They continued to gain international recognition for their remixes of "Will I Ever" by In Vox featuring Andy Bell of Erasure.
Now signed to Undo Records, Marsheaux released their debut album "E-Bay Queen" in June 2004. The album played heavily on Marsheaux's stated influences of The Human League, Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, New Order, Erasure, Yazoo and Depeche Mode. "E-Bay Queen" was critically well received internationally.
In December 2006, Undo Records released Sophie and Marianthi's follow up album "Peekaboo". The album included two covers, "Regret" by New Order and "The Promise" by When In Rome. The site Electronically Yours rated it "Album of the Year 2007". The single "Hanging On" was released in 2007.
As well as recording original material, Marsheaux also remixed existing tracks of artists such as Moby, Depeche Mode, Sakis Rouvas, Gwen Stefani or Hurts. In 2008, Marsheaux featured to the remix of the song "She's Leaving" by OMD. They also issued the limited 7" vinyl "Ghost", which included the B-side "Bizarre Love Duo".
In July 2009, the band released their the third album, "Lumineux Noir" at Undo Records/Out of Line. The album was issued in two versions: the Standard edition with 13 tracks and the Limited edition, including a bonus disc with remixes and a new song. According to the Side-Line magazine, it did not "bring an evolution in sound, but shows a growing maturity in song writing and production". It is reminiscent of 1980s synthpop with tracks that have been compared to Ladytron, The Chemical Brothers and Client. Two singles supported the album: "Breakthrough" and "Summer".
In May 2011, Marsheaux released a new song, "Can You Stop Me?". In May 2012, the band issued the compilation of mostly unreleased material and rare songs, "E-Bay Queen is Dead".
Touring.
Marsheaux performed live at various festivals including Infest, Pluswelt, Amphi and Exit. The duo also have played support slots for OMD and Róisín Murphy in Greece, and Client in Germany. Both band members have regular guest DJ slots in clubs in Athens.
Equipment.
As well as being vocalists, both musicians are skilled multi-instrumentalists. Marianthi plays Microkorg, Minimoog, Roland SH101, Speak & Math and Yamaha CS01. Sophie plays Microkorg, Korg MS-10, Roland Alpha Juno2, Akai AX80, and Roland CR-78.

</doc>
<doc id="9819265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819265" title="Holger Marius Nielsen">
Holger Marius Nielsen

Holger Marius Nielsen (1905–1993) was an official of the Danish Ministry of Education. 
He was one of the editors of the "Dictionary of the Danish Language" (Ordbog over det Danske Sprog), which was edited and published from 1919 till 1956. He was awarded the Order of the Dannebrog in 1965 after having been the chairman of a ministerial working group preparing a new bill on the education of Danish teachers in primary school. The bill was adopted by the Danish Parliament in 1966. He retired from his duties with the Ministry of Education in 1973.
Holger Marius Nielsen was the son of Peder Adolf Nielsen (1872–1962) and Caroline Marie Nielsen (1873–1937). He grew up with his two brothers, Axel Nielsen (1902–1970) and Povl Erik Nielsen (1909–1995) in Glostrup, 10 kilometres west of Copenhagen. He married Ellen Ingeborg Marie Andersen (1904–1983) and had two children, Jørgen Erik Nielsen (1933–2007) and Inge Lise Nielsen (born 1935).

</doc>
<doc id="9819282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819282" title="List of National Basketball Association longest losing streaks">
List of National Basketball Association longest losing streaks

This is a list of the longest regular season losing streaks in National Basketball Association (NBA) history. Streaks started at the end of one season are carried over into the following season.
The Cleveland Cavaliers and the Philadelphia 76ers lost 26 straight games in the and s respectively, the most consecutive losses in NBA history. The Cavaliers broke their own previous record of 24 consecutive losses set in 1982. 
The New York Knicks have the record for postseason losing streaks. New York lost 13 straight playoff games over 11 seasons. The Sacramento Kings have the largest span of drought, needing 15 seasons to get a playoff win.
There are two active streaks for postseason futility. At the end of the season, the Utah Jazz have lost 8 playoff games in a row and the Charlotte Hornets have also lost all of their 8 playoff games.
Streak.
Playoffs.
This list contains only streaks consisting entirely of postseason games.

</doc>
<doc id="9819302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819302" title="Hans Erik Ramberg">
Hans Erik Ramberg

Hans Erik Ramberg (born August 8, 1976) is a Norwegian former footballer.
As a youngster, he was considered to be one of the greatest talents in Norway. He signed for AFC Ajax at a very young age. However, an injury made him unable to continue his career. He chose to retire as a football player, and instead work as a teacher. But he was not to fully give up his career; Before the 2005 Tippeligaen season he was once again playing football, and joined Fredrikstad.
He retired after the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9819325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819325" title="The Late George Apley">
The Late George Apley

The Late George Apley is a 1937 novel by John Phillips Marquand. It is a satire of Boston's upper class. The title character is a Harvard-educated WASP living on Beacon Hill in downtown Boston.
The book was acclaimed as the first "serious" work by Marquand, who had previously been known for his Mr. Moto spy novels and other popular fiction. It was a bestseller and won the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1938. An article in "The New Yorker" decades later called the book the "best-wrought fictional monument to the nation's Protestant elite that we know of."
In 1944 it was adapted as a Broadway play, and in 1947, it was made into a feature film starring Ronald Colman.

</doc>
<doc id="9819326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819326" title="Vanalyne Green">
Vanalyne Green

Vanalyne Green (born 1948) is an American artist who also teaches and writes about culture. She has screened her video work extensively in the United States and abroad, including The Whitney Biennial (1991), American Film Institute, Rotterdam International Film Festival, the Videotheque de Paris, The Robert Flaherty Film Seminar, The Guggenheim Museum and many other museums, universities and film festivals. She has received a Guggenheim Foundation fellowship, as well as grants from Creative Capital, the Jerome Foundation, the Richard H. Driehaus Foundation (2003), the National Endowment for the Arts, the New York State Council of the Arts, and a Rome Prize at the American Academy in Rome (2001–2002). Her work has been covered in the "Village Voice", the "Los Angeles Weekly", "The Chicago Reader", and "Artforum". Publications by and about, and interviews with, Green also can be found in "Performance Artists Talking in the Eighties" by Linda M. Montano, "Women of Vision" by Alexandra Juhasz, in addition to M/E/A/N/I/N/G: An Anthology of Artists' Writings, Theory, and Criticism. Green's videotape "A Spy in the House that Ruth Built" was listed as one of the 1,000 best films ever made by film critic and author Jonathan Rosenbaum.
Vanalyne Green studied art at Fresno State University in the first feminist art program started by Judy Chicago and then at California Institute of the Arts with Sheila Levrant de Bretteville, where she earned a BFA degree in 1974. Green was a member of the Feminist Art Workers (along with Cheri Gaulke, Nancy Angelo, Laurel Klick, and Candace Compton), a performance art group based in Los Angeles and often associated with the Woman's Building. In New York, she was a founding member of the pro-choice, pro-sex agit-prop group No More Nice Girls. And later in Chicago, Green was a founding member of the collaborative group Feel Tank Chicago.
Green was appointed a Professor of Fine Art at the University of Leeds in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9819397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819397" title="Kevin C. Kiley">
Kevin C. Kiley

Major General (Ret.) Kevin C. Kiley (born October 18, 1950) was the 41st Surgeon General of the United States Army and commander of the U.S. Army Medical Command, Fort Sam Houston, Texas. He was commander of Walter Reed Army Medical Center and North Atlantic Regional Medical Command twice, from 2002 to 2004, and as acting commander, March 1–2, 2007. He submitted his request to retire from the U.S. Army on March 11, 2007, in the wake of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center neglect scandal, and was removed from his nominative billet as a Lieutenant General. Pending retirement, he was assigned to a temporary billet at the General Officer Management Office at the Pentagon in the grade Major General. His retirement in the grade of Major General was subsequently approved.
Biography.
Education.
Kiley was born in Pennsylvania on October 18, 1950, and graduated from the University of Scranton with a bachelor's degree in biology. He received his medical degree from Georgetown University School of Medicine, Washington D.C. He served a surgical internship and then an obstetrics and gynecology residency at William Beaumont Army Medical Center, El Paso, Texas. He is also a graduate of the U.S. Army War College, Carlisle Barracks, Pennsylvania.
He is a board-certified OB/GYN and a fellow of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Work.
His first tour was with the 121st Evacuation Hospital in Seoul, South Korea, where he was the chief of OB/GYN services. He returned to the residency training program at William Beaumont Army Medical Center and served as chief of the Family Planning and Counseling Service. He then served as assistant chief of the department of OB/GYN. 
He was assigned as the Division Surgeon of the 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum, New York. He then assumed command of the newly activated 10th Medical Battalion, 10th Mountain Division, serving concurrently in both assignments. He returned to William Beaumont Army Medical Center, where he first served as the assistant chief, then chair of the department of OB/GYN. 
In November 1990, he assumed command of the 15th Evacuation Hospital at Fort Polk, Louisiana, and in January 1991, he deployed the hospital to Saudi Arabia in support of Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. Upon his return, he was assigned as the Deputy Commander for Clinical Services at Womack Army Medical Center, Fort Bragg, North Carolina. 
He assumed command of the Landstuhl Regional Medical Center and what is now the U.S. Army Europe Regional Medical Command in Landstuhl, Germany, serving concurrently as the Command Surgeon, U.S. Army Europe and 7th Army. 
Kiley then assumed the duties of Assistant Surgeon General for Force Projection; Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, Health Policy and Services, U.S. Army Medical Command; and Chief, Medical Corps. His next tour was as Commander of the U.S. Army Medical Department Center and School at Fort Sam Houston, where he continued as Chief of the Medical Corps.
Kiley served as commander of Walter Reed Army Medical Center and North Atlantic Regional Medical Command twice, from 2002 to June 2004, when Maj. Gen. Kenneth L. Farmer Jr. took command; and for a single day as acting commander, March 1–2, 2007 ("See "Walter Reed Army Medical Center Controversy," below").
In a public statement following his retirement submission on March 11, 2007, Kiley said: "I submitted my retirement because I think it is in the best interest of the Army. I want to allow Acting Secretary Geren, General Schoomaker, and the leaders of the Army Medical Command to focus completely on the way ahead and the Army Action Plan to improve all aspects of Soldier care. We are an Army Medical Department at war, supporting an Army at war - it shouldn't be and it isn't about one doctor." Maj. Gen. Gale S. Pollock assumed the post of Acting Army Surgeon General.
Since his approved military retirement, Doctor Kiley has remained a Fellow of the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology, and secured a position with the Albany Medical Center in New York where he continues to see patients.
Awards.
Among his awards and decorations are the Distinguished Service Medal, Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit (three oak leaf clusters), Bronze Star, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal (two oak leaf clusters), Army Commendation Medal, the "A" professional designator, the Order of Military Medical Merit and the Expert Field Medical Badge.
Walter Reed Scandal.
In February 2007, "The Washington Post" and "Army Times" ran a series of articles about the shoddy conditions maintained at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Then-Army Sec. Francis J. Harvey had appointed Kiley to return to Walter Reed as acting commander, replacing his original successor at the post, Maj. Gen. George W. Weightman, who had been fired by Harvey that day.
On the same day, the "Post" reported that Kiley had been aware of the issues at Walter Reed from his command in 2003. Further reports surfaced that during a visit in 2004 to Walter Reed by Congressman Bill Young and his wife Beverly Young, a soldier was witnessed sleeping in his own urine. Beverly Young, after being ignored by a nurse over the issue, went to Kiley's office to complain. She was quoted on the incident stating:
Kiley called the "Post"'s reporting "a one-sided representation" and "yellow journalism at its worst." In his testimony before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in March 2007, Kiley blamed junior officers for the conditions at Walter Reed.

</doc>
<doc id="9819435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819435" title="Jamaican Maroons">
Jamaican Maroons

The Jamaican Maroons are descended from Africans who fought and escaped from slavery and established free communities in the mountainous interior of Jamaica during the long era of slavery on the island. African slaves imported during the Spanish period may have provided the first runaways, apparently mixing with the native Arawak people. Many slaves gained liberty when the English attacked Jamaica and took control in 1655. Subsequently runaways were referred to as "maroons." 
The Windward Maroons and those from the Cockpit Country stubbornly resisted conquest in the First and Second Maroon Wars on 1781.
History.
When the British captured Jamaica in 1655, the Spanish colonists fled, leaving a large number of African slaves. Rather than be re-enslaved by the British, they escaped into the hilly, mountainous regions of the interior of the island, joining those who had previously escaped from the Spanish to live with the Arawak people. The Maroons intermarried with the Arawak, establishing independent communities in the back country. They survived by subsistence farming and by raiding plantations. Over time, the Maroons came to control large areas of the Jamaican interior.
Their plantation raids resulted in the First Maroon War. The two main Maroon groups in the 18th century were the Leeward and the Windward tribes, the former led by Cudjoe in Trelawny Town and the latter led by his sister Queen Nanny (and later by Quao). Queen Nanny, also known as Granny Nanny (died 1700s) is the only female listed among Jamaica's National Heroes. She has been immortalised in songs and legends. She was known for her exceptional leadership skills, especially in guerrilla warfare, which was particularly important in the First Maroon War in the early 18th century. Her remains are reputedly buried at "Bump Grave" in Moore Town, the main town of the Windward Maroons. They are concentrated in and around the Rio Grande valley in the northeastern parish of Portland.
In 1739-40 the British governor Edward Trelawny signed a treaty with the Maroons, promising them 2500 acres (10 km²) in two locations. They were to remain in their five main towns Accompong, Trelawny Town, Charles Town, Scotts Hall and Nanny Town (now called Moore Town), living under their own chief with a British superintendent. In exchange, they agreed not to harbour new runaway slaves, but to help catch them. They were paid a bounty of two dollars for each returned slave. 
This last clause in the treaty caused tension between the Maroons and the enslaved black population, although from time to time runaways from the plantations still found their way into Maroon settlements. By the treaty of 1738, they also agreed to fight for the British in the case of an attack from the French or Spanish, the other European powers in the region.
However, when a new Governor took power in 1795 and began to mistreat the Maroons, tensions between planters and Maroons grew. A Second Maroon War broke out. The Accompong Maroons remained neutral, and the British left them alone. The British fought with 100 Cuban dogs and brought in 5,000 troops. By the end of the war, the British Army had destroyed the other Maroon settlements in Jamaica; only Accompong remained. The Maroons surrendered on the condition that they would not be deported, but a year later, 568 Maroons were transported to Nova Scotia, Canada, where the Crown had provided land to Black Loyalists from the Thirteen Colonies for resettlement after the Revolutionary War.
Deportation to Nova Scotia and Sierra Leone.
Following their rebellion against the colonial government, in 1796 about 568 Jamaican Maroons from Trelawny Town were deported to Nova Scotia . The Jamaican government tired of the cost of maintaining order, had decided to rid themselves of "the problem". Immediate actions were put in place for the removal of one group of Maroons (Trelawney) to Lower Canada (Quebec); Upper Canada (Ontario) had also been suggested as a suitable place. The British decided to send this group to Halifax, Nova Scotia, until any further instructions were received from England. Two gentlemen, Messrs Quarrell and Octerloney, were sent from Jamaica with the Maroons as Commissioners.
On 26 June 1796, the "Dover", "Mary", and "Anne" sailed from Port Royal Harbour, Jamaica to Halifax. One arrived in Halifax on 21 July, the other two followed two days later, carrying a total of 543 men, women and children. The Duke of Kent and Commander-in-Chief of the British Army in North America, impressed with the proud bearing and other characteristics of the Maroons, employed the group to work on the new fortifications at the Citadel Hill in Halifax. The Lieutenant-Governor Sir John Wentworth believed that the Maroons would be good settlers. He received orders from the Duke of Portland to settle them in Nova Scotia. 
Following this the two commissioners responsible with credit of 25,000 Jamaican pounds from the government of Jamaica, expended £3,000 on of land and built the community of Preston. Governor Wentworth was granted an allowance of £240 annually from England to provide religious instruction and schooling for the community. After the first winter, the Maroons, raised in an independent culture and not impressed with the apparently servile virtues of cultivating the soil, became less tolerant of the conditions in which they were living.
The British government decided to send the Maroons to its new colony of Freetown in present-day Sierra Leone (West Africa), which had been established for the black poor of London, as well as Black Loyalists from Canada who chose to join them. The Maroon survivors from Nova Scotia were transported to Freetown in 1800. Not surprisingly, exile to Africa was not an easy transition for the Trelawney Maroons. "By 1841, 90 per cent of the remaining Maroons in Freetown -- some 591 people --returned to Jamaica" to work for "Jamaican planters" who "desperately needed workers".
The Jamaican Maroons are still well remembered in Sierra Leone. Those who remained gradually merged with the larger Creole community, the descendants of various groups of freed slaves landed in Freetown between 1792 and about 1855. But some modern Creoles (or "Krios") still proudly claim descent from the Maroons. The Creole congregation of Freetown's St. John's Maroon Church, which was built by the Maroons in 1820 on what is now the city's main street, are especially vocal in proclaiming their descent from the Jamaican exiles.
Maroons Today.
To this day, the Maroons in Jamaica are to a small extent autonomous and separate from Jamaican culture. The isolation used to their advantage by their ancestors has today led to their communities being amongst the most inaccessible on the island. 
Eleven Maroon settlements remain on lands apportioned to them in the original treaty with the British. These Maroons still maintain their traditional celebrations and practices, some of which have West African origin. Native Jamaicans and island tourists are allowed to be present at many of these events, while others are held in secret and shrouded in mystery. Singing, dancing, drum-playing and preparation of traditional foods form a central part of most gatherings. In their largest town, Accompong, in the parish of St. Elizabeth, the Leeward Maroons still possess a vibrant community of about 600. Tours of the village are offered to foreigners and a large festival is put on every 6 January to commemorate the signing of the peace treaty with the British after the Maroon War.
The Maroon heritage of Moore Town was relisted on the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity in 2008.
Akan.
At least some of the Jamaican Maroons were originally of the Akan people of present-day Ghana. They named their children according to Akan names in various forms, based on the day of the week on which a child was born:
The council of a Maroon settlement is called an Asofo, Akan:Twi word asafo (= assembly, church, society)
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.

</doc>
<doc id="9819436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819436" title="Actionbioscience">
Actionbioscience

Action Bioscience is a non-commercial, educational web site sponsored by the American Institute of Biological Sciences (AIBS) . It was created to promote bioscience literacy and bring attention to seven bioscience issues of critical current importance: 1) Biodiversity, 2) Environment, 3) Genomics, 4) Biotechnology, 5) Evolution, 6) New Frontiers, and 7) Science Education
The organization seeks to:
To meet these goals, the web site provides articles by scientists, science educators, and science students on issues related to seven bioscience challenges: environment, biodiversity, genomics, biotechnology, evolution, new frontiers in science, and bioscience education. In addition, the web site provides educators with original lessons and resources to enhance bioscience teaching. Up-to-date external links are provided at the bottom of each article to help the reader "learn more" about or "get involved" in the issue. Selected articles are translated into Spanish.
It won an award as one of the best sci-tech web sites by Scientific American.

</doc>
<doc id="9819471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819471" title="Temple of Ares">
Temple of Ares

The Temple of Ares was a building located in the northern part of the Ancient Agora of Athens. The Temple was identified as such by Pausanias but the ruins present today indicate a complex history. Ares had a temple somewhat like Athena's . 
The foundations are of early Greece construction and date, but fragments of the superstructure, now located at the western end of the temple, can be dated to the 5th century BC. From the fragments archaeologists are confident that they belonged to a Doric peripteral temple of a similar size, plan and date to the Temple of Hephaestus. Marks on the remaining stones indicate that the temple may have originally stood elsewhere and was dismantled, moved and reconstructed on the Roman base - a practice common during the Roman occupation of Greece. The temple probably came from the sanctuary of Athena Pallenis at modern Stavro, where foundations have been found but no temple remains are present.

</doc>
<doc id="9819498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819498" title="Joan Lescinski">
Joan Lescinski

Sr. Joan Lescinski, CSJ, PhD, is the 13th president of St. Ambrose University in Davenport, Iowa. She is the first woman to lead the university in its 125-year history. Lescinski, who is also a noted scholar in English literature, took office in the summer of 2007, succeeding Dr. Edward Rogalski, who retired after 20 years as the university’s president.
Biography.
A native of Albany, New York, Lescinski is the daughter of Joseph and Lucy Lescinski. Sr. Joan professed religious vows as a member of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet, St. Louis, Missouri in 1965. In 1970 she received a bachelor's degree and in 1974 a master's degree in English literature from the College of St. Rose in Albany. She earned a doctorate in 1981 from Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. 
Lescinski started her teaching career at an inner-city Catholic high school in Utica, New York. She has taught at the college level since 1972. From 1979-1991, she worked as a professor of English at the College of St. Rose; from 1991-1993 she served as associate dean, academic affairs and professor of English at Avila University in Kansas City, Missouri; and from 1993-1998 she served as vice president of academic affairs, dean and professor of English at Fontbonne University in St. Louis, Missouri, before becoming president and professor of English at St. Mary-of-the-Woods College from 1998-2007.
St. Mary-of-the-Woods College, "The Woods", is the oldest Catholic liberal arts women's college in the United States. She led SMWC to record gains in enrollment, facilitated the development of institutional strategic and master plans, and introduced several undergraduate and two new graduate academic programs. SMWC invested $10 million in campus facilities and experienced a significant increase in its number of donors. Lescinski led the most ambitious capital campaign in SMWC’s history with $25 million raised, exceeding their campaign goal by 20 percent.
St. Ambrose has expanded since Lescinski became president there. In 2009 the school's Master of Organizational Leadership degree program moved to the New Ventures Center downtown Davenport. The same year ground was broken for a new Health Sciences building on the Genesis Medical Center West Central Park campus. The university also purchased the headquarters building and property of the Diocese of Davenport while they were in bankruptcy. They sold the building and a small portion of the land back to the diocese in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9819503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819503" title="1992 Arena Football League season">
1992 Arena Football League season

The 1992 Arena Football League season was the sixth season of the Arena Football League. The league champions were the Detroit Drive, who defeated the Orlando Predators in ArenaBowl VI.
It is during the 1992 season that the first shutout in AFL history occurred. On June 13, the Orlando Predators defeated the San Antonio Force by a score of 50–0. To date, this remains the only shutout in AFL history, though there have been other shutouts in af2 since. It also marked the first appearance of separate divisions in its history.
Team Movement.
Five expansion teams joined the league: the Arizona Rattlers, Charlotte Rage, Cincinnati Rockers, Sacramento Attack, and the San Antonio Force.
Meanwhile, the Columbus Thunderbolts moved to Cleveland, Ohio and the Denver Dynamite suspended operations.
Standings.
z – clinched homefield advantage
y – clinched division title
x – clinched playoff spot

</doc>
<doc id="9819565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819565" title="Linda Singer">
Linda Singer

Linda Singer (born September 14, 1966, in Cleveland, OH) was the Washington, D.C. Attorney General from January 2, 2007 to December 17, 2007. She is a Partner and head of the Public Client practice group at the DC law firm of Cohen Milstein Sellers & Toll PLLC since 2009, and previously was counsel and co-chair of public client practice at Zuckerman Spaeder.
Education and career.
Singer is a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard College (B.A. 1988) and Harvard Law School (J.D. 1991) where she was a leader of student protests over the absence of tenured African American women on the law school faculty.
Singer served for nearly three years as a staff attorney in the Criminal Defense Division of the Legal Aid Society in New York City, where she carried a large caseload and tried several felonies, securing acquittals in all. She also drafted the appellate brief on a death penalty case on which the death sentence was overturned. 
Next, Singer was hired as the Executive Director of Appleseed [http://www.appleseeds.net/servlet/FlashPage], a national foundation that creates and supports non-profit legal organizations to work on state and local systemic reform. Singer was the founding staff person at Appleseed which is now a network of 18 state organizations, employing 70 staff, that the American Lawyer describes as “pro bono’s new frontier.” Her work at Appleseed focused broadly on social and economic justice with specific work on education reform, access to health care, immigrant rights, financial literacy for the un-banked, and government disaster relief.
Singer tendered her resignation as attorney general on December 17, 2007, after having reportedly been frustrated for months with her role in the Adrian Fenty administration. Fenty had been relying more heavily on General Counsel Peter Nickles, whom the mayor then named as the interim attorney general to replace Ms. Singer.
Professional activities.
Singer has spoken extensively before legal organizations, and conferences including the American Bar Association, The International Bar Association, Association of American Law Schools, Equal Justice Works, National Legal Aid and Defenders Association, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, law schools, and law firms across the country. She has been published in the "Legal Times, Chronicle of Philanthropy, American Banker, Washington Post", and has been featured in "American Lawyer, Chronicle of Philanthropy, Fast Company", and the "Harvard Law School Bulletin". 
Singer has served as a Board member and as Chair of the Jessie Smith Noyes Foundation in New York, which provides funding to support grassroots organizations working to advance environmental justice and reproductive health care. 
Personal life.
Ms. Singer is married to Joseph Sternlieb, a businessman and civic leader in Washington. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="9819574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819574" title="Pennsylvania Route 108">
Pennsylvania Route 108

Pennsylvania Route 108 (PA 108) is a highway in Western Pennsylvania that runs for from the Ohio state line near SNPJ to Pennsylvania Route 8 in Adams Corner. PA 108 intersects US Route 422 in New Castle and US Route 19 near Harlansburg. PA 108 also has an interchange with Interstate 79 at exit 105.
Route description.
PA 108 begins at the Ohio border in North Beaver Township, Lawrence County, where the road continues southwest into that state as CR 8 in Mahoning County, providing access to SR 170 and SR 617. From the state line, the route heads northeast on two-lane undivided Mt. Jackson Road, passing through farmland with some woods and homes. The route skirts the northern border of S.N.P.J. in three places, curving more to the east-northeast. PA 108 continues through more rural areas of North Beaver Township, coming to an intersection with PA 551. At this point, the route turns north to form a concurrency with PA 551, remaining Mt. Jackson Road. The road curves northeast through more agricultural areas with some woodland and residences, turning more to the east into wooded areas with some homes. In the community of Mount Jackson, PA 551 splits from PA 108 by heading north along with PA 317. The route continues east-northeast through more farmland and woodland before passing through rural residential areas and coming to an interchange with I-376, becoming a divided highway at this point. Past this interchange, the road becomes undivided again and passes more homes before heading through woods and turning southeast, crossing the Mahoning River. Here, PA 108 becomes the border between Taylor Township to the west and New Castle to the east as it passes commercial establishments and comes to an intersection with PA 18.
At this point, the route turns northeast to join PA 18 on Montgomery Avenue, fully entering New Castle and crossing a Norfolk Southern railroad line. The road continues east into residential areas, with the two routes turning northeast onto South Liberty Street. PA 18/PA 108 passes under two CSX railroad lines and becomes North Liberty Street, running past a mix of homes and businesses before passing under the US 422 freeway. The road continues through woodland and homes before heading into more residential areas. The two routes turn east onto Mahoning Avenue and head through industrial areas, crossing a New Castle Industrial Railroad line. The road heads east-northeast over the Shenango River and another New Castle Industrial Railroad line, coming to an intersection with PA 168. Here, PA 18 and PA 108 turn north to follow PA 168 on Moravia Street, passing more industry with some businesses. The road crosses two New Castle Industrial Railroad lines and becomes South Jefferson Street. PA 108 and PA 168 split from PA 18 by turning northeast onto four-lane undivided South Croton Avenue, passing between the Neshannock Creek to the northwest and industrial areas to the southeast. The road crosses US 422 Business and continues to an intersection with the northern terminus of PA 65. PA 108/PA 168 becomes North Croton Avenue and runs between the creek to the northwest and woods and homes to the southeast. The two routes turn away from the creek and head northeast through residential areas with some businesses. The road curves more to the east, with PA 168 splitting from PA 108 by heading northeast.
PA 108 passes more homes before crossing into Hickory Township and becoming Harlansburg Road, heading through farmland and woodland with some homes. The road continues east through more rural areas, coming to an intersection with PA 388. A short distance past this intersection, the route heads into Scott Township and passes through McCaslin, running through more areas of farms and woods with occasional residences and turning more to the east-northeast. PA 108 comes to the residential community of Harlansburg, where it comes to an intersection with US 19. Past this intersection, the road heads northeast through more agricultural and wooded areas with a few homes, turning more to the east. The route passes through Elliott Mills, at which point it crosses into Plain Grove Township for a short distance.
PA 108 enters Worth Township in Butler County and becomes New Castle Road, turning east-northeast and coming to an interchange with I-79. Past this interchange, the road runs through wooded areas with some fields and homes, crossing Wolf Creek. The route runs northeast through more rural areas, crossing into Slippery Rock Township. Farther northeast, PA 108 heads into Slippery Rock and becomes New Castle Street, passing through wooded areas of homes. The road heads into the commercial downtown, at which point it comes to an intersection with PA 173 and PA 258. Here, PA 173 turns northeast to form a concurrency with PA 108, and the two routes continue along Franklin Street. The road heads into residential areas, with PA 173 splitting to the north. The route crosses back into Slippery Rock Township and becomes Franklin Road, heading through a mix of farmland and woodland with occasional homes. PA 108 continues northeast to its eastern terminus at PA 8.

</doc>
<doc id="9819591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819591" title="Amanda's Pennant">
Amanda's Pennant

The Amanda's Pennant ("Celithemis amanda") is a dragonfly found in North America, in the Pennant genus of dragonflies.
Identification.
Recognizable by the small size and colorful red, amber or brown markings on the basal section of the hind wings. The spot extends about 1/4 the length of each wing, normally with two anterior stripes and one posterior black stripe. The thorax is yellow but otherwise unmarked until older when it begins to brown. The veins in the forewings are unmarked. The face is yellow to brown or red in older males. 
Habitat.
Southeastern U.S., generally along coast from eastern Texas to South Carolina. In calm lakes, ponds, and marshes with emergent vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="9819614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819614" title="Wiggins in Storyland">
Wiggins in Storyland

Wiggins in Storyland is an educational computer game designed for Microsoft DOS and Windows. It was released by Virgin Sound and Design in 1994. The game centers around a green bookworm named Wiggins and features voice acting by Doug Preis, Joseph Siravo, Eden Rigal, Richmond Hoxie, Polly Adams, and Daniel Rysnyder.
Gameplay.
"Wiggins in Storyland" features little actual gameplay. Players can write stories and poems using a wide assortment of animated backgrounds, animated characters, props, and background music. The game was designed to allow children to freely write stories without being boggled by more complicated tools such as Microsoft Word. The game included over 40 characters, 110 props, eight different story themes, multiple type fonts, and 40 different sound effects and background music. In short, the player is presented with a book taking up mostly the entire screen, wherein the leftmost page could be written on whilst the rightmost was left empty. A toolbar at the top of the screen allowed the player to drag props and such onto the rightmost page to help illustrate the story. The player may manipulate the animated characters in various ways—such as changing their size, facial expression, and mood. Other than that, the player can even record their story and hear it played back aloud.
In addition to the story-writing section, the player may enter "Wiggins' Library", a point-and-click activity room. Activities within the library include painting the room, playing musical instruments, shooting peas with a spoon, and making fruit juices for Wiggins to drink. Aside from all this, the window or rug can be clicked on to either play Tic-Tac-Toe or "The A-Maze-ing Rug" -- a game in which the player attempts to catch the "bad guy" before the clock reaches zero.

</doc>
<doc id="9819646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819646" title="DEN 1048-3956">
DEN 1048-3956

DEN 1048-3956 is a brown dwarf about 13 light years from the Earth in the southern constellation of Antlia, among the closer interstellar objects to the Earth. This substellar object is very dim with an apparent magnitude of about 17, and will require a telescope with a camera to be seen. It was discovered in 2000 by Xavier Delfosse (Institute of Astrophysics of the Canary Islands, now Observatoire de Grenoble) and Thierry Forveille (Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope Corporation), with the assistance of nine other astronomers. 
In 2005 a powerful flare from this object was detected by radio astronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="9819686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819686" title="Jørgen Erik Nielsen">
Jørgen Erik Nielsen

Jørgen Erik Nielsen, Dr. Phil. (23 September 1933 – 10 January 2007) was an associate professor at the University of Copenhagen.
Nielsen graduated from the University of Copenhagen in 1959. In 1976 he was awarded the D.Phil. degree for a dissertation on the Danish reception of contemporary English literature 1800–1840 ("Den samtidige engelske litteratur og Danmark 1800–1840 I-II"). He researched and published on the reception of English and Russian literature in Denmark in the 19th century. His research also resulted in a number of publications on Danish linguists of the 19th and 20th century. He contributed to "A Linguist's Life, An English Translation of Otto Jespersen's Autobiography", by Arne Juul, Hans Frede Nielsen and Jørgen Erik Nielsen (ed.), Odense 1995, and published several articles and contributions on the work of Otto Jespersen. Furthermore, Nielsen researched and published on the work of Svend Rosing (1804–1884), who published a major Danish-English dictionary in 1853.
Jørgen Erik Nielsen retired in March 2002. After his retirement, he continued his research on the reception in Denmark of contemporary English and Russian writers. In 2006 he finished his contribution to "Reception of Sir Walter Scott in Europe", by Murray Pittock (ed.), London 2007 and a comprehensive manuscript on the reception of Charles Dickens in Denmark, which is scheduled for publication in 2009.
He was an active member of the Danish Dickens Society and contributed with a number of articles in its journal "Our Mutual Friend".
Jørgen Erik Nielsen was the son of Holger Marius Nielsen (1905-1993) and Ellen Ingeborg Marie Nielsen (born Andersen) (1904-1983) and grew up in Glostrup, approximately 10 kilometres west of Copenhagen. In 1967 he married Irene Ishøy (born 23 November 1942). He is the father of three children, Henrik Karl Nielsen (born 9 August 1969), Anne Merete Nielsen (born 6 August 1972) and Anders Christian Nielsen (born 4 October 1975).
Publication record.
Jørgen Erik Nielsen is the author of several books and articles on the Danish reception of English and Russian literature and on the history English studies in Denmark. His publication record includes "inter alia":

</doc>
<doc id="9819696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819696" title="Vidal Hazelton">
Vidal Hazelton

Vidal Hazelton (born January 29, 1988) is an American Football wide receiver who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at Cincinnati. He formerly played for the University of Southern California (USC) football team.
Early years.
As a junior in 2005 at Moore Catholic High School in Staten Island (N.Y.), he caught 39 passes for 784 yards (20.1 avg.) with 17 TDs, ran for 240 yards with 4 scores and posted 38 tackles, 3 sacks and 2 interceptions for TDs. He eventually transferred to Hargrave Military Academy his senior year, where he had 41 receptions for 942 yards (23.0 avg.) with 13 TDs in 2005. Hazelton was invited to play in the 2006 U.S. Army All-American Bowl, a national all-star game for the best high school football players in the country.
Collegiate career.
USC.
Hazelton arrived at USC as one of the nation's best players and one of USC's biggest pickups of the recruiting season. Hazelton saw time in only two games his freshman season, as the Trojans ended up going 11-2 and winning the 2007 Rose Bowl against Michigan 32-18. Hazelton played backup to Dwayne Jarrett and Steve Smith, two of the best receivers in the nation, and only accumulated one catch for eight yards. He also had a run for seven yards.
Hazelton was expected to start the 2007 season for the Trojans, along with junior Patrick Turner, and in spring practice Hazelton impressed observers. He entered fall camp as the top starting flanker on the depth chart. Vidal made an outstanding one handed touchdown catch against Idaho in USC's first game of the year. He finished the season as USC's leading wide receiver in 2007, catching 50 passes and scored four touchdowns.
Hazelton's 2008 season with USC was not as successful. After catching five passes, he suffered a high ankle sprain in the season opener against Virginia. Once he recovered he found himself unable to climb back into the starting line-up. The arrival and rise of Arkansas-transfer Damian Williams, along with continued production by senior Patrick Turner and sophomore Ronald Johnson, pushed Hazelton into the role of a seldom used reserve. Further complicating matters, Hazelton's grandfather was diagnosed with cancer, and he desired to be geographically closer to him. On December 2, 2008, Hazelton asked for and was granted permission to transfer to another school. After leaving, Hazelton noted "USC is a great place. It's filled up with athletes. If somebody's not 100 percent they've got to pass them up. I would have done the same thing if I was the coaches at USC." Although Hazelton was from New York, he lived most recently with his grandfather in Georgia. By mid-January, Hazelton was leaning towards Cincinnati.
Professional career.
Cincinnati Bengals.
After going undrafted in the 2011 NFL Draft, Hazelton was signed by the San Diego Chargers on July 26, 2011. He was waived by San Diego on August 30. He later signed with the Cincinnati Bengals practice squad on December 27, 2011. He was waived by the Cincinnati Bengals on August 31, 2012.
Tennessee Titans.
Hazelton signed with the Tennessee Titans practice squad September 3, 2012.
New York Jets.
The New York Jets signed Hazelton to a reserve/future contract on January 23, 2013. He was waived on August 7, 2013 after suffering an undisclosed leg injury. Hazelton was placed on the team's injured reserve list on August 8, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9819703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819703" title="Sainte-Clotilde, Quebec">
Sainte-Clotilde, Quebec

Sainte-Clotilde is a municipality in the Jardins de Napierville Regional County Municipality in Quebec, Canada, situated in the Montérégie administrative region. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 1,704.
Before February 6, 2010 it was known as Sainte-Clotilde-de-Châteauguay.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9819704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819704" title="Stanley Park (novel)">
Stanley Park (novel)

Stanley Park is a novel by Canadian writer Timothy Taylor, published in 2001.
Overview.
Jeremy Papier is a Vancouver chef and restaurateur who owns a bistro called The Monkey's Paw. The novel uses a "Bloods vs. Crips" metaphor for the philosophical conflict between chefs such as Papier, who favour local ingredients and menus, and those such as his nemesis Dante Beale, who favour a hip, globalized, "post-national" fusion cuisine. 
Papier also endures conflict with his father, an anthropologist studying homelessness in Vancouver's Stanley Park, who draws him into investigating the death of two children in the park.
Awards and nominations.
Taylor's debut novel, the book was nominated for the Giller Prize in 2001. It was subsequently chosen as the 2003 winner of One Book, One Vancouver.
In 2007, the novel was chosen for competition in "Canada Reads", where it was championed by musician Jim Cuddy.

</doc>
<doc id="9819719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819719" title="Eveline Hill">
Eveline Hill

Eveline Hill, JP (née Eveline Ridyard, 16 April 1898 – 22 September 1973) was a British catering business manager and Conservative Party politician. She served for fourteen years as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Manchester Wythenshawe.
Family.
Hill was born to a rising middle-class family in Manchester, where her parents, Richard and Mary Ridyard, ran a catering business. They were not wealthy enough to send her to public school, and on leaving state secondary school in Manchester, she joined the family business. In 1922 she married John Stanley Hill, and as usual for married women, gave up work to look after the home. She bore him a son and two daughters. Her son was John and her daughters were Betty and Faye. John married Joyce Lee and had two children John and Caroline. Caroline has three children Jennifer, Christopher and Daniel.
Community activities.
On the death of her father, Hill and her brother took joint control of the family firm. She also became involved in the Conservative Party and in 1936 was elected to Manchester City Council from Didsbury ward. On the council she specialised in health issues, and was chair of the Health Committee and of the South Manchester Hospital Management Committee. In addition to her council work she was County Borough organiser for the Women's Voluntary Service (WVS) for Manchester from 1943, and a Justice of the Peace from 1945. She chaired the local Poppy Fund. She was widowed in 1947.
Parliament.
At the 1950 general election, Hill was elected as Conservative Member of Parliament for Manchester Wythenshawe, a newly created constituency at the southern end of Manchester which included her ward. Her maiden speech was on the subject of housebuilding, which she urged be maintained in order to prevent illnesses associated with poor housing.
Women's issues.
In November 1950 Hill won a spot in the ballot for Private Member's Bills, and introduced the Deserted Wives Bill which proposed to allow courts to award tenancy of a house and ownership of the chattels within it to a wife who had been deserted by her husband. However, she was unable to find the votes to force a vote on its merits and the Bill fell. In 1952 Hill, together with three other backbench women Conservative MPs, wrote to "The Times" to urge Conservative Associations to adopt more women candidates.
Hill broke the Conservative whip to oppose changes in the Manchester constituency boundaries in 1954, and found herself in a slightly less favourable position at the 1955 general election; she was re-elected by 2,822 votes. She became chairman of the Conservative backbench committee on Health and Social Security, and in 1958 supported government proposals to increase National Health Service charges, arguing that people who made contributions were putting something away for a rainy day in the traditional manner.
Rebelliousness.
In 1961 Hill supported the reintroduction of corporal punishment. She also rebelled the next year over a Bill setting up a training council for Health visitors, to increase the council's power to make grants. Reacting to the 1963 budget, she hoped that husbands would pass on to their wives some of their allowances which had been increased. She also joined the rebellion over the abolition of resale price maintenance in 1964.
Defeat.
Having held a marginal seat for two elections, Hill's position was made more difficult by the growth of council housing in the constituency in the early 1960s. At the 1964 general election, she was defeated by a wide margin of 4,777 votes. Hill had retained her seat on Manchester City Council throughout her time in Parliament, but retired in 1966; the Council appointed her as an honorary Alderman in honour of her years of service.

</doc>
<doc id="9819722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819722" title="Bodden Town (village)">
Bodden Town (village)

Bodden Town, Grand Cayman, is the former capital of the Cayman Islands and center of the largest district in the Cayman Islands. It is situated on a natural harbor and a coral reef. The first settlement was named after a government leader, William Bodden. Once ravaged by pirates, this village is known for its remains of a wall and cannon. Bodden Town has a population of 10,341 (2010 census). Its top attractions include the Mission House, which features the lifestyle of early Caymanian settlers. Bodden Town is also considered the fastest growing district in the islands in terms of resident population.
History.
The first town of importance on Grand Cayman, Bodden Town founded in the late 18th century and was originally known as 'South Side'. Because its natural harbour, Bodden Town was attractive to both merchant and trading ships as well as Caribbean pirates. When first visited in 1773 by George Gauld, a British Navy surveyor, the town's population was already at approximately 200—roughly half the population of the entire island. Commissioned to survey Grand Cayman Island's coastline, Gauld noted the majority of residents had the surname "Bodden", all descendants of Isaac Bodden, a soldier from Thomas Cromwell's army. Local lore states that it was at the time of Gauld's visit that South Side was renamed "Bodden Town". 
For many years, Bodden Town served as the seat of Cayman Islands government. Likewise, it was the home of the Chief Magistrate of the islands, William Bodden; during his time in office between 1798 and 1823, the first roads were completed. It was also during this time period and into the mid-19th century that a jail was established and the first court on the island was held. Historical records for the island state that, "In 1839, the prisoners at Pedro Castle were transferred to the Guard House at Bodden Town."
While military fortresses had been established by the end of the 18th century in George Town and Prospect, at the beginning of the 19th century, there still was no such fortress at Bodden Town harbour. There remains no record of a fort at Bodden Town; however, the Guard House and Gun Square had been established for militia use and provided some level of protection for the town and its residents from marauding pirates and hostile foreign military ships. Situated on rising ground, the Guard House was equipped with two small cannons and was manned at night. records show evidence of major attacks on Grand Cayman. As any real threat of invasion diminished with time, defenses and fortresses on the islands fell victim to ruin. As of the end of the 19th century, the Guard House remains included only the two small cannons. The people of Bodden Town, however, still held their history and the site of the Guard House in high regard as a treasure from the island's past. As of 1990, the Bodden Town District Committee of the National Trust for the Cayman Islands chose to refurbish the site and create a small historic park with a replica of the guard house to stand at the entrance to the town limits.
Over time, Bodden Town lost its prominence as a centre of government and maritime activity. As the harbour became shallow from silt driven in by hurricanes, most of the trading being conducted by ship was transferred to the East End or at Hog Sty Bay in George Town.
Education.
Cayman Islands Education Department operates Bodden Town Primary School and Savannah Primary School as well as the International College of the Cayman Islands, a non-profit institution of higher learning accredited by the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools in Washington, D.C. to offer Associate, Bachelor and Master's degrees.
Sports.
Spectator sports available in Bodden Town include the Bodden Town FC.

</doc>
<doc id="9819734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819734" title="Antonio Franchi">
Antonio Franchi

Antonio Franchi (1638–1709) was an Italian painter of the 17th century, active mainly in Florence and Lucca.
Born in Villa Basilica, he is also called "Il Lucchese". Initially training in Lucca with Domenico Ferrucci, he moved for over a decade (1655–67) to Florence, to work with Felice Ficherelli and Baldassare Franceschini. He rerurned to Lucca for seven years, and then moved back to Florence, where he worked for under first Strozzi, then Medici patronage. In 1683 he was admitted to the Accademia dell'Arte del Disegno. He died in Florence. His paintings have the porcelain crispness of design, characteristic of Carlo Dolci; and some the sensuality of a Francesco Furini.
He painted a "San Giovanni Gualberto in prayer" for the Chapel of the saint in the Vallombrosa Abbey. He painted a "Madonna and Bambino" for the church of Santa Marta in Montopoli.
He also published a text on the practice and materials of painting titled: "La Teorica della Pittura". It was dedicated to the Cavaliere Francesco Niccolo Gabburri. It also regales observations on prior and contemporary Italian painters.

</doc>
<doc id="9819753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819753" title="20th Utah Senate District">
20th Utah Senate District

The 20th Utah Senate District is located in Weber County and includes Utah House Districts 6, 7, 8, 9, 11 and 12. The current State Senator representing the 20th district is Scott Jenkins. Jenkins was elected to the Utah Senate in 2000 and is up for re-election in 2008.
Current Candidates.
Note: See footnote for candidate listing guidelines.

</doc>
<doc id="9819763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819763" title="1920 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1920 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1920 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 15th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. The Netherlands joined the competition for the first time. "Big" Bill Tilden and "Little" Bill Johnston made their debut for the United States, and would not lose a rubber the entire tournament. In the challenge round, they reclaimed the cup from Australia. The final was played at the Domain Cricket Club in Auckland, New Zealand on 30 December - 1 January 1921. 

</doc>
<doc id="9819777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819777" title="Edward Rogalski">
Edward Rogalski

Edward Rogalski (born February 16, 1942) was the 12th president of St. Ambrose University in Davenport, Iowa, from 1987 to 2007. Nineteen years after coming to St. Ambrose University as dean of students in 1968, Edward Rogalski became president of St. Ambrose University in 1987. From 1974 to 1980, Rogalski was St. Ambrose’s vice president for administration, and from 1981 to 1986, the institution’s senior vice president. He served as executive vice president at the time of his appointment to the presidency. Throughout his career at the university, Rogalski has also been a member of the faculty in the Department of Education. He holds the rank of Professor.
Biography.
A native of Manville, New Jersey, Rogalski received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Rutgers University, with majors in social sciences and education. He earned his master’s degree in student personnel administration and the doctor of philosophy degree in higher education from the University of Iowa.
Dr. Rogalski is currently on the Board of Directors of US Bank, Genesis Medical Center, Genesis Health Systems, the Handicapped Development Center, and the Scott County Family Y. He has been chairman of the Board of Directors of the Genesis Medical Center, president of the Davenport Rotary Club, chairman of DavenportOne, vice chair of the Davenport Civil Rights Commission, on the Board of Directors for Big Brothers/Big Sisters and on the Board of Directors for Junior Achievement.
He is also past chair and member of the Executive Committee of the Iowa Association of Independent Colleges and Universities (IAICU) and past chair and member of the Executive Committee of the Iowa College Foundation. He has been a Board member and Commissioner on State Policy for the National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities, a member of the Phi Delta Kappa Education Society, and consultant to the Marriott Corporation Educational Division.
Rogalski has been named a Knight of St. Gregory and named an Outstanding Business Leader by Seabury and Smith. He is also a member of the Holy Family Church, an extraordinary minister of Holy Communion, and past president of the parish council. He was awarded an honorary doctorate from Loras College in 1990. Rogalski and his wife, Bobbi, have five sons.
During Rogalski's presidency enrollment increased by more than 70 percent and nearly 40 additional academic programs were added. Iowa's only master of occupational therapy degree program was established as well as the university's first doctoral programs. The university's residential capacity doubled. 15 new construction or major renovation capital projects were completed. All of this was done during 20 consecutive years of surplus budgets.

</doc>
<doc id="9819782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819782" title="United Front for a Worthy Future for Kyrgyzstan">
United Front for a Worthy Future for Kyrgyzstan

The United Front For A Worthy Future For Kyrgyzstan (UFFWFK) is an alliance of political parties making up the largest political opposition organization in Kyrgyzstan. Former Prime Minister Felix Kulov leads the organization and Azamat Kalman is the party's spokesperson.
Politicians opposed to President Kurmanbek Bakiyev's policies formed the alliance on 27 February 2007.
Azamat Kalman, the party's spokesperson, said in mid-March 2007, "protest rallies will start in the provinces on April 9 and the same rallies will start in the Kyrgyz capital, Bishkek, on April 11." The protests ended after clashes erupted on April 19 between protesters and the police; according to the former, the clashes were the work of provocateurs. Kulov was questioned by the police regarding the clashes, and in August he was charged with creating public disorder.
On March 12 the United Front released a statement of opposition to "corrupt clan government, the seizure of property by the ruling family, the establishment of control over profitable sectors of the economy, and pressure on private businesses and the mass media."

</doc>
<doc id="9819787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819787" title="Kelsey-Seybold Clinic">
Kelsey-Seybold Clinic

The Kelsey-Seybold Clinic is a large multi-specialty clinic system located in Greater Houston with its administrative headquarters in Shadow Creek Ranch, Pearland. The clinic system is a major provider of healthcare for NASA and a center for healthcare research.
History.
The formation of Kelsey-Seybold Clinic began in 1949 by Dr. Mavis P. Kelsey with the purpose of combining primary and specialty medical services in one location in the city of Houston. This was a popular concept of the day based on the Mayo Clinic model. These types of clinics bring specialists, primary care physicians, nurses and other care givers together as a team to provide the best possible care.
In 1949, Dr. Kelsey, an internal medicine specialist, leased space in the Hermann Professional Building and set up his practice. Over the next two years, he would welcome two of his Mayo friends, Dr. William D. Seybold, a surgeon, and Dr. William V. Leary, another internist, to the practice.
Dr. Kelsey’s brother, John R. Kelsey, Jr., another Mayo-trained physician and specialist in gastroenterology, joined the practice in 1953. Also joining the multi-specialty team in the 1950s were a psychiatrist, cardiologist and rheumatologist. In 1953, Clinic doctors began serving rotations at area hospitals, including Hermann Hospital, Baylor University Medical College (now Baylor College of Medicine), and M.D. Anderson Cancer Center.
On December 15, 1956, the Kelsey and Leary Foundation for the Advancement of Medicine was established to provide scholarships and financial support for research. The Kelsey Foundation, as it is known today, is involved in a variety of research projects with universities, pharmaceutical companies, government bodies and hospitals in the Texas Medical Center. Research areas include cancer, epilepsy, cardiology, diabetes and obstetrics.
During the 1960s, the Clinic added more specialists and more departments. The rapidly expanding Radiology Department added lab technicians, while the multi-specialty team continued to grow with the addition of a pediatrician and otolaryngologist (Ear, Nose & Throat specialist). New departments included Pediatrics, Rheumatology, Dermatology, Urology, Ophthalmology and Dentistry.
In 1964, the Clinic moved into new facilities at 6624 Fannin. That building is now the St. Luke's Medical Tower. Dr. Leary joined the staff of M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in 1965 and the Clinic's name was changed to Kelsey-Seybold Clinic. For over half a century, the Kelsey-Seybold name has been synonymous with multi-specialty healthcare in Houston.
Affiliation with NASA.
In 1966, the Clinic became the first contract medical service provider for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Dr. Stanton P. Fischer, a pulmonologist, joined the staff a year earlier and assisted in providing executive physical examinations on NASA employees and other contractors.
Throughout the clinic's long association with NASA, they have contributed medical support services to the Apollo, Skylab, Apollo-Soyuz and Space Shuttle and International Space Station (ISS). Concerning the ISS, Kelsey-Seybold has provided a NASA Support Physician in Moscow since the inception of the International Space Station. Dr. Jose F. Flores has served in that capacity since 1998. Additionally, Dr. Flores provides medical support at all Soyuz launches in Baikonur,Kazakhstan involving American astronauts and has also provided medical support at certain Soyuz landings. Flores attended the launch of Zarya, the first unmanned module launched by Russia in 1998 and has attended every manned Soyuz launch with an American astronaut on board to the present day.
Kelsey-Seybold also provides contract medical services in six locations in the U.S.
Patients served.
Among the many patients who came to Kelsey-Seybold Clinic in the late 60s and 70s were entertainers like Roy Rogers and international patients from Saudi Arabia, India and Africa. More Latin Americans visited Kelsey-Seybold Clinic than any other U.S. clinic during this period.
In 1971, KSC opened its first neighborhood health center on Post Oak in the Uptown District of Houston. The success of that health center resulted in other locations being operated in downtown Houston, Sugar Land, The Woodlands and by Intercontinental Airport. Today, Kelsey-Seybold Clinic operates more than 20 neighborhood health centers in the Houston area.
Current administrators and expansion.
In 1978, Dr. James C. Hoyle joined the staff of Pediatrics. Dr. Hoyle is the current Medical Director, Clinical Operations. In 1980, Dr. Spencer R. Berthelsen, an internist and current Chairman of the Board joined the group.
Dr. William Seybold retired in 1979 and Dr. Mavis Kelsey retired in 1986. The Clinic they founded continued to increase its presence in the Houston service sector.
In 1999, Kelsey-Seybold Clinic moved into its state-of-the-art Main Campus at 2727 West Holcombe Blvd. The Main Campus building provides primary and specialty care in a single location, an outpatient surgery center, and an urgent care center.
Today, Kelsey-Seybold Clinic combines the expertise of more than 370 physicians in 50-plus medical specialties and sub-specialties and offers a full range of diagnostic testing services and treatments, serving more than 400,000 patients - including managed care plans, employer groups and the U.S. Department of Defense and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
Headquarters.
The headquarters is located in a four story, building at the intersection of Shadow Creek Parkway and Kirby Drive in Shadow Creek Ranch, Pearland.
Previously the headquarters were in Houston. Matt Buchanan, the president of the Pearland Economic Development Corp. (PEDC), stated that the PEDC and the City of Pearland spent four years to convince Kelsey-Seybold to increase its Pearland operations. In 2011 Kelsey-Seybold announced plans to establish a new Pearland headquarters. Nicholas Ro, the organization's vice president of legal and strategic affairs, stated that the nearby shopping, the area school districts, and the locations of many employees on the southside were reasons why the organization selected Pearland as a site for the new headquarters. At the time many employees of the central office lived in communities such as the Texas Medical Center area, Fort Bend County, and Clear Lake.
The headquarters had a cost of $36 million, including the costs for equipment, construction, and fees. Construction began in May 2012. The construction was scheduled to be completed in June 2013. The first group of employees were scheduled to move in the third week of July of that year.
References.
1. NASA-JSC awards contract to Kelsey-Seybold Clinic http://www.jsc.nasa.gov/news/releases/1999_2001/j00-40.html
2. Du-Vall, Mary Sit (Special to the "Chronicle"). "Kelsey-Seybold puts its stamp on medicine." "Houston Chronicle". June 6, 2004.
3. http://www.kelsey-seybold.com

</doc>
<doc id="9819789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819789" title="Chthonophyle">
Chthonophyle

In Greek mythology, Chthonophyle () was the daughter of King Sicyon (whose name was given to the city of Sicyon) and Zeuxippe. She and Hermes are the parents of Polybus, another king of Sicyon. She married Phlias, son of Dionysus and Araethyrea, and had by him another son, Androdamas. Other sources instead give her, and not Araethyrea, as the mother of Phlias with Dionysus.

</doc>
<doc id="9819805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819805" title="Tamara Mark">
Tamara Mark

Tamara Mark is an actress whose credits include parts in "Wes Craven's New Nightmare" and "Fast Forward". She has had numerous appearances in TV series such as "McBride", "Nash Bridges", "L.A. Law", "Cheers", "Sisters", "Silk Stalkings", "The Twilight Zone" and "The Hitchhiker". She and has also done voice work for radio and TV advertising, and commercial work for corporate clients such as "Circuit City". 

</doc>
<doc id="9819807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819807" title="Turkish Academy of Sciences">
Turkish Academy of Sciences

The Turkish Academy of Sciences ( - TÜBA) is an autonomous scholarly society acting to promote scientific activities in Turkey. Although it is attached to the office of the Prime Minister and is largely funded by the government, it maintains financial and administrative autonomy. The academy is headquartered in Ankara.
In addition to conferring awards and fellowships to distinguished scientists, the academy is also responsible with determining scientific priority areas and proposing policies and needed changes in legislation to the government. The implementation and management of actual research programmes is carried out by The Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TÜBİTAK).
Traditionally, the academy elected its own members, but beginning in November 2011, the Turkish government under the leadership of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced that it would take over new appointments, and appointed 100 new members. Accordingly, over 60 of the existing old members of the academy got resigned. Its current president is Ahmet Cevat ACAR who is prestigious professor in business academics and the former vice rector of the Istanbul University. 

</doc>
<doc id="9819825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819825" title="G 208-44/208-45">
G 208-44/208-45

G 208-44/208-45 (V1581 Cygni, GJ 1245) is a triple star system, 14 light-years away, relatively close to the Solar System. The star system contains G 208-44 A, G 208-44 B, and G 208-45. All of the stars are rather dim. It is the 42nd closest stellar system to the Solar System, located in the constellation Cygnus.

</doc>
<doc id="9819863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819863" title="Race and health">
Race and health

Race and health refers to the relationship between individual health and one's race and ethnicity. Differences in health status, health outcomes, life expectancy, and many other indicators of health in different racial and ethnic groups is well documented, referred to as Health disparities. Race (human classification) is a complex concept, and the two major competing theories of race use biological definitions and social construction to define racial difference. Although this relationship can vary depending on the definitions used, race is generally used in the context of health research as a fluid concept to group populations of people according to various factors that include but are not limited to ancestry, social identity, visible phenotype, and genetic makeup. Determinants of health include environmental, social, and genetic factors.
Health disparities.
Health disparities refer to gaps in the quality of health and health care across racial and ethnic groups. The US Health Resources and Services Administration defines health disparities as "population-specific differences in the presence of disease, health outcomes, or access to health care." Health is measured through variables such as life expectancy and incidence of diseases.
How researchers view race is often linked to how we address racial disparities because the national administrator of health uses these research findings to implement policies.
“79 percent of African Americans had health coverage in 2009 compared to 88 percent of white Americans.”
Defining race.
There are various paradigms used to discuss race, including biological and social views. Definitions have changed throughout history to yield a modern understanding of race that is complex and fluid. Moreover, there is no one definition that stands, as there are many competing and interlocking ways to look at race. The terms race, genetic population, ethnicity, geographic population, and ancestry are used interchangeably in everyday discourse involving race.
Biological definitions of race encompass Essentialist and Anti-Essentialist views. The scientific community does not universally accept a single definition of race. Essentialism is a mode of thought that uses scientific data to argue that racial groups are genetically distinct populations. Essentialists describe “races as groups of people who share certain innate, inherited biological traits, aka use of biological evidence to demonstrate racial differences.” As its counterpart, Anti-essentialism uses biological evidence to demonstrate that “race groupings do not reflect patterns of human biological variation, countering essentialist claims to the contrary.”
Social definitions are commonly constructionist. Racial groups are “constructed” from differing historical, political, and economic contexts, rather than corresponding to inherited, biological variations. Proponents of the constructionist view claim that biological definitions have been used to justify racism in the past and still have the potential to be used to encourage racist thinking in the future.
Social views also better explain the ambiguity of racial definitions. An individual may self-identify as one race based on one set of determinants (for example, phenotype, culture, ancestry) while society may ascribe the person otherwise based on external forces and discrete racial standards. Dominant racial conceptions influence how individuals label both themselves and others within society. Modern human populations are becoming more difficult to define within traditional racial boundaries due to racial admixture. Most scientific studies, applications, and government documents ask individuals to self-identify race from a limited assortment of common racial categories. The conflict between self-identification and societal ascription further complicates biomedical research and public health policies. However complex its sociological roots, race has real biological ramifications; the intersection of race, science, and society permeates everyday life and influences human health via genetics, access to medical care, diagnosis, and treatment.
Race and disease.
There are myriad factors that affect health disparities between racial groups. Among these factors are genetic differences within racial populations, cultural mores, and social and environmental factors.
Health disparities, which include variations in life expectancy and prevalence of disease, due to the differences in health conditions across various ethnic populations that can be attributed to inequalities in living environment and access to healthcare may also play a role.
Single-gene disorders.
There are many single gene genetic disorders that differ in frequency between different populations due to the region, though many assume it to be solely based on race. Examples include:
Multifactorial polygenic diseases.
Many diseases differ in frequency between different populations. However, complex diseases are affected by multiple factors, both genetic and environmental. There is controversy over the extent to which some of these conditions are influenced by genes, and ongoing research aims to identify which genetic loci, if any, are linked to these diseases. "Risk is the probability that an event will occur. In epidemiology, it is most often used to express the probability that a particular outcome will occur following a particular exposure." Different populations are considered "high-risk" or "low-risk" groups for various diseases due to the probability of that particular population being more exposed to certain risk factors. Beyond genetic factors, history and culture, as well as current environmental and social conditions, influence a certain populations' risk for specific diseases.
Disease progression.
Groups may differ in how a disease progresses. Black men who were diagnosed with HIV generally fared worse than their white and Hispanic counterparts. The percentage of men studied with very low CD4+ T-cell count, defined as fewer than 50 cells per microliter, at AIDS diagnosis was 24.1% for white men, 27.8% for Hispanic men, and 34.4% for Black men. Black men were also significantly less likely to be alive three years after diagnosis (80.6%) than Hispanic or white men, who had 85.2% and 84.5% survival rates, respectively. However, the reasons for these differences are not clear, and should not be understood as an essential difference between races, but rather as effects of social and environmental factors.
Prevention.
Different groups may require different preventive measures to prevent specific diseases. For example, disease prevention for melanoma, which can include proper use of sun screen and reducing the risks of sun exposure, could be targeted to groups that are much more likely to develop melanoma from sun exposure.
Race-based treatment.
"Race-based medicine" is the term for medicines that are targeted at specific ethnic clusters which are shown to have a propensity for a certain disorder. The first example of this in the U.S. was when BiDil, a medication for congestive heart failure, was licensed specifically for use in American patients that self-identify as black. Previous studies had shown that African American patients with congestive heart failure generally respond less effectively to traditional treatments than white patients with similar conditions.
After two trials, BiDil was licensed exclusively for use in African American patients. Critics have argued that this particular licensing was unwarranted, since the trials did not in fact show that the drug was more effective in African Americans than in other groups, but merely that it was more effective in African Americans than other similar drugs. It was also only tested in African American males, but not in any other racial groups or among women. This peculiar trial and licensing procedure has prompted suggestions that the licensing was in fact used as a race-based advertising scheme.
Critics are concerned that the trend of research on race-specific pharmaceutical treatments will result in inequitable access to pharmaceutical innovation and smaller minority groups may be ignored. This has led to a call for regulatory approaches to be put in place to ensure scientific validity of racial disparity in pharmacological treatment.
An alternative to “race-based medicine” is personalized medicine that involves identifying genetic, genomic (i.e. genomic sequencing), and clinical information—as opposed to using race as a proxy for these data—to better predict a patient’s predisposition to certain diseases.
Environmental factors.
In multiracial societies such as the United States, racial groups differ greatly in regard to social and cultural factors such as socioeconomic status, healthcare, diet, and education. There is also the presence of racism which some see as an important explaining factor. Some argue that for many diseases racial differences would disappear if all environmental factors could be controlled for. See the article about race and health in the United States for a discussion of such factors. These factors may or may not be appropriate in other nations.
Ethnic minorities may also have specific health care needs which need to be considered by health services in order to tackle health disparities.
Ethnic groups undergoing urbanization can have their health affected by the process. For example, Type 2 Diabetes is highly prevalent in Mexicans as a result of economic development and urbanization of regions. When populations become more urban, it increases the availability of cheap sources of fat. A study done in 1995 showed that diabetes was most prevalent in India, China, and the United States as all three countries are highly urbanized. In addition, urbanization creates jobs that are less demanding as compared to non-urban areas. This results in a change of lifestyle and choices of recreation that is typically responsible for the high levels of obesity and diabetes in Mexicans.
Genetic factors.
The fact that every human has a unique genetic code, is the key to techniques such as genetic fingerprinting. Versions of a trait, known as alleles, occur at different frequencies in different human populations; populations that are more geographically and ancestrally remote tend to differ more.
A phenotype is the "outward, physical manifestation" of an organism." For humans, phenotypic differences are most readily seen via skin color, eye color, hair color, or height; however, any observable structure, function, or behavior can be considered part of a phenotype. A genotype is the "internally coded, inheritable information" carried by all living organisms. The human genome is encoded in DNA
For any trait of interest, observed differences among individuals “may be due to differences in the genes” coding for a trait or “the result of variation in environmental condition”. This variability is due to gene-environment interactions that influence genetic expression patterns and trait heritability.
For humans, there is “more genetic variation among individual people than between larger racial groups.” In general, an average of 80% of genetic variation exists within local populations, around 10% is between local populations within the same continent, and approximately 8% of variation occurs between large groups living on different continents. Studies have found evidence of genetic differences between populations, but the distribution of genetic variants within and among human populations is impossible to describe succinctly because of the difficulty of defining a "population," the clinal nature of variation, and heterogeneity across the genome. Thus, the racialization of science and medicine can lead to controversy when the term population and race are used interchangeably.
Evolutionary factors.
Genes may be under strong selection in response to local diseases. For example, people who are duffy negative tend to have higher resistance to malaria. Most Africans are duffy negative and most non-Africans are duffy positive. A number of genetic diseases more prevalent in malaria-afflicted areas may provide some genetic resistance to malaria including sickle cell disease, thalassaemias, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, and possibly others.
Many theories about the origin of the cystic fibrosis have suggested that it provides a heterozygote advantage by giving resistance to diseases earlier common in Europe.
In earlier research, a common theory was the "common disease-common variant" model. It argues that for common illnesses, the genetic contribution comes from the additive or multiplicative effects of gene variants that each one is common in the population. Each such gene variant is argued to cause only a small risk of disease and no single variant is enough to cause the disease. An individual must have many of these common gene variants in order for the risk of disease to be substantial.
More recent research indicates that the "common disease-rare variant" may be a better explanation for many common diseases. In this model, rare but higher-risk gene variants cause common diseases. This model may be relevant for diseases that reduces fertility. In contrast, for common genes associated with common disease to persist they must either have little effect during the reproductive period of life (like Alzheimer's disease) or provide some advantage in the original environment (like genes causing autoimmune diseases also providing resistance against infections). In either case varying frequencies of genes variants in different populations may be an explanation for health disparities.
Gene flow.
Gene flow and admixture can also have an effect on relationships between race and race-linked disorders. Multiple sclerosis, for example, is typically associated with people of European descent, but due to admixture African Americans have elevated levels of the disorder relative to Africans.
Some diseases and physiological variables vary depending upon their admixture ratios. Examples include measures of insulin functioning and obesity.
Gene interactions.
The same gene variant, or group of gene variants, may produce different effects in different populations depending on differences in the gene variants, or groups of gene variants, they interact with. One example is the rate of progression to AIDS and death in HIV–infected patients. In Caucasians and Hispanics, HHC haplotypes were associated with disease retardation, particularly a delayed progression to death. In contrast, for African Americans, possession of HHC haplotypes was associated with disease acceleration.
Controversy regarding race in biomedicine.
There is a controversy regarding race as a method for classifying humans. Different sources argue it is purely social construct or a biological reality reflecting average genetic group differences. New interest in human biological variation has resulted in a resurgence of the use of race in biomedicine.
The main impetus for this development is the possibility of improving the prevention and treatment of certain diseases by predicting hard-to-ascertain factors, such as genetically conditioned health factors, based on more easily ascertained characteristics such as phenotype and racial self-identification. Since medical judgment often involves decision making under uncertain conditions, many doctors consider it useful to take race into account when treating disease because diseases and treatment responses tend to cluster by geographic ancestry. The discovery that more diseases than previously thought correlate with racial identification have further sparked the interest in using race as a proxy for bio-geographical ancestry and genetic buildup.
Race in medicine is used as an approximation for more specific genetic and environmental risk factors. Race is thus partly a surrogate for environmental factors such as differences in socioeconomic status that are known to affect health. It is also an imperfect surrogate for ancestral geographic regions and differences in gene frequencies between different ancestral populations and thus differences in genes that can affect health. This can give an approximation of probability for disease or for preferred treatment, although the approximation is less than perfect.
Taking the example of sickle-cell disease, in an emergency room, knowing the geographic origin of a patient may help a doctor doing an initial diagnosis if a patient presents with symptoms compatible with this disease. This is unreliable evidence with the disease being present in many different groups as noted above with the trait also present in some Mediterranean European populations. Definitive diagnosis comes from examining the blood of the patient. In the US, screening for sickle cell anemia is done on all newborns regardless of race.
The continued use of racial categories has been criticized. Apart from the general controversy regarding race, some argue that the continued use of racial categories in health care and as risk factors could result in increased stereotyping and discrimination in society and health services. Some of those who are critical of race as a biological concept see race as socially meaningful group that is important to study epidemiologically in order to reduce disparities. For example, some racial groups are less likely than others to receive adequate treatment for osteoporosis, even after risk factors have been assessed. Since the 19th century, blacks have been thought to have thicker bones than whites have and to lose bone mass more slowly with age. In a recent study, African Americans were shown to be substantially less likely to receive prescription osteoporosis medications than Caucasians. Men were also significantly less likely to be treated compared with women. This discrepancy may be due to physicians’ knowledge that, on average, African Americans are at lower risk for osteoporosis than Caucasians. It may be possible that these physicians generalize this data to high-risk African-Americans, leading them to fail to appropriately assess and manage these individuals’ osteoporosis. On the other hand, some of those who are critical of race as a biological concept see race as socially meaningful group that is important to study epidemiologically in order to reduce disparities.
David Williams (1994) argued, after an examination of articles in the journal "Health Services Research" during the 1966-90 period, that how race was determined and defined was seldom described. At a minimum, researchers should describe if race was assessed by self-report, proxy report, extraction from records, or direct observation. Race was also often used questionable, such as an indicator of socioeconomic status. Racial genetic explanations may be overemphasized, ignoring the interaction with and the role of the environment.
From concepts of race to ethnogenetic layering.
There is general agreement that a goal of health-related genetics should be to move past the weak surrogate relationships of racial health disparity and get to the root causes of health and disease. This includes research which strives to analyze human genetic variation in smaller groups than races across the world.
One such method is called ethnogenetic layering. It works by focusing on geographically identified microethnic groups. For example, in the Mississippi Delta region ethnogenetic layering might include such microethnic groups as the Cajun (as a subset of European Americans), the Creole and Black groups African origins in Senegambia, Central Africa and Bight of Benin (as a subset of African Americans), and Choctaw, Houmas, Chickasaw, Coushatta, Caddo, Atakapa, Karankawa and Chitimacha peoples (as subsets of Native American Indians).
Better still may be individual genetic assessment of relevant genes. As genotyping and sequencing have become more accessible and affordable, avenues for determining individual genetic makeup have opened dramatically. Even when such methods become commonly available, race will continue to be important when looking at groups instead of individuals such as in epidemiologic research.
Association studies.
One area in which population categories can be important considerations in genetics research is in controlling for confounding between population genetic substructure, environmental exposures, and health outcomes. Association studies can produce spurious results if cases and controls have differing allele frequencies for genes that are not related to the disease being studied, although the magnitude of its problem in genetic association studies is subject to debate. Various techniques detect and account for population substructure, but these methods can be difficult to apply in practice.
Population genetic substructure also can aid genetic association studies. For example, populations that represent recent mixtures of separated ancestral groups can exhibit longer-range linkage disequilibrium between susceptibility alleles and genetic markers than is the case for other populations. Genetic studies can use this disequilibrium to search for disease alleles with fewer markers than would be needed otherwise. Association studies also can take advantage of the contrasting experiences of racial or ethnic groups, including migrant groups, to search for interactions between particular alleles and environmental factors that might influence health.
Human genome projects.
The Human Genome Diversity Project has collected genetic samples from 52 indigenous populations.
Sources of racial disparities in care.
In a report by the Institute of Medicine called Unequal Treatment, three major source categories are put forth as potential explanations for disparities in health care: patient-level variables, healthcare system-level factors, and care process-level variables.
Patient-level variables.
There are many individual factors that could explain the established differences in health care between different racial and ethnic groups. First, attitudes and behaviors of minority patients are different. They are more likely to refuse recommended services, adhere poorly to treatment regimens, and delay seeking care, yet despite this, these behaviors and attitudes are unlikely to explain the differences in health care. In addition to behaviors and attitudes, biological based racial differences have been documented, but these also seem unlikely to explain the majority of observed disparities in care.
Health system-level factors.
Health system-level factors include any aspects of health systems that can have different effects on patient outcomes. Some of these factors include different access to services, access to insurance or other means to pay for services, access to adequate language and interpretation services, and geographic availability of different services. Many studies assert that these factors explain portions of the existing disparities in health of racial and ethnic minorities in the United States when compared to their white counterparts.
Care process-level variables.
Three major mechanisms are suggested by the Institute of Medicine that may contribute to healthcare disparities from the provider's side: bias (or prejudice) against racial and ethnic minorities; greater clinical uncertainty when interacting with minority patients; and beliefs held by the provider about the behavior or health of minorities. Research in this area is new and ongoing.
See also.
United States:
General:

</doc>
<doc id="9819870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819870" title="List of places of worship in Brighton and Hove">
List of places of worship in Brighton and Hove

The city of Brighton and Hove, on the south coast of England, has more than 100 extant churches and other places of worship, which serve a variety of Christian denominations and other religions. More than 40 former religious buildings, although still in existence, are no longer used for their original purpose.
The history of the area now covered by Brighton and Hove spans nearly 1000 years, although the city has only existed in its present form since 2000. The small settlement of Bristelmestune, mentioned in the "Domesday Book", developed into a locally important fishing village, and was saved from its 18th-century decline by the patronage of the Prince Regent and British high society. Hove, to the west, had modest origins; rapid growth in the 19th century caused it to merge with Brighton, although it has always tried to maintain its separate identity. During the 20th century, both boroughs expanded by absorbing surrounding villages such as Patcham, Hangleton, West Blatchington and Ovingdean, each of which had an ancient church at their centre. New housing estates such as Mile Oak, Moulsecoomb and Saltdean were built on land acquired by the boroughs.
Apart from the ancient parish churches of Brighton (St Nicholas') and Hove (St Andrew's), and those of the nearby villages that are now part of the city, few places of worship existed until the 19th century. During that century, however—and especially in the Victorian era—England experienced a surge in church-building, which left its mark on both Brighton and Hove. Reverend Henry Wagner (Vicar of Brighton between 1824 and 1870) and his son Reverend Arthur Wagner founded and funded a succession of Anglican churches for the benefit of Brighton's rapidly growing population, while enduring controversy and conflict over their political and religious ideals; many churches were founded in Hove; and Roman Catholic, Baptist, Unitarian, Jewish and other places of worship became established for the first time. Although overcapacity and increasing maintenance costs have led to some closures and demolitions, new churches continued to be established throughout the 20th century on the new housing estates.
Religious affiliation in Brighton and Hove.
As of the 2001 United Kingdom Census, 247,817 people lived in Brighton and Hove. Of these, 59.1% were Christian, 1.47% were Muslim, 1.36% were Jewish, 0.7% were Buddhist, 0.52% were Hindu, 0.1% were Sikh, 0.85% were affiliated with another religion, 27.02% followed no religion and 8.88% did not state their religion. Some of these proportions are significantly different from those of England as a whole. Judaism and Buddhism have a much greater following: 0.52% of people in England are Jewish and 0.28% are Buddhist. Christianity is much less widespread in the city than in the country overall, in which 71.74% people identify themselves as Christian. The proportion of people with no religious affiliation is nearly twice as high as that of England as a whole (14.59%).
Administration.
All Anglican churches in the city are administered by the Diocese of Chichester, and (at the level below this) by the Archdeaconry of Chichester, one of three archdeaconries in the diocese. The Rural Deanery of Brighton is one of five deaneries under the archdeaconry. It covers 28 extant churches and 9 that are no longer used for worship. One of its churches, St Laurence at Falmer, is in the neighbouring district of Lewes. The Rural Deanery of Hove, also part of the Archdeaconry of Chichester, has 28 churches, of which five are closed; eight are in the Adur district of West Sussex, as the deanery covers Kingston Buci, Southwick and Shoreham-by-Sea as well as Hove and Portslade.
The 11 Roman Catholic churches in the city are in Brighton and Hove Deanery, one of thirteen deaneries in the Diocese of Arundel and Brighton. The deanery has 13 churches, but those in Peacehaven and Southwick are outside the city boundaries, in Lewes District and Adur District respectively. The parish of Southwick's church, St Theresa of Lisieux, has covered the Portslade area of Brighton and Hove since 1992, when the Church of Our Lady Star of the Sea and St Denis in Portslade was declared redundant and demolished after 80 years.
Of the ten Baptist churches in Brighton and Hove, six are part of the Mid Sussex Network of the South Eastern Baptist Association, one of nine divisions of the Baptist Union of Great Britain: the Holland Road and West Hove Community churches in Hove, the Florence Road and Gloucester Place churches in Brighton (now linked as a single entity called "One Church Brighton"), the Oasis Christian Fellowship Church in Hangleton and the church in Portslade. Also in this network is a Baptist community in Woodingdean that does not have its own premises and worships in a school. The Ebenezer Reformed Baptist Church and the Montpelier Place Baptist Church are part of GraceNet UK, an association of Reformed Evangelical Christian churches and organisations. Galeed Strict Baptist Chapel is affiliated with the Gospel Standard Baptist movement.
In 1972, the Congregational Church and the Presbyterian Church of England merged to form the United Reformed Church. All United Reformed churches in the city are part of the Southern Synod, one of 13 synods within the Church. The city's six Methodist churches are in the Brighton and Hove Methodist Circuit.
Buildings with listed status.
In England, a building or structure is defined as "listed" when it is placed on a statutory register of buildings of "special architectural or historic interest" by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, a Government department, in accordance with the Planning (Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas) Act 1990. English Heritage, a non-departmental public body, acts as an agency of this department to administer the process. There are three grades of listing status. Grade I, the highest, is defined as being of "exceptional interest"; Grade II* is used for "particularly important buildings of more than special interest"; and Grade II, the lowest, is used for "nationally important" buildings of "special interest".
As of February 2001, there were 24 Grade I-listed buildings, 70 Grade II*-listed buildings and 1,124 Grade II-listed buildings in Brighton and Hove. Five of the Grade I-listed buildings are churches; all are Anglican. There are 18 Grade II*-listed places of worship: 15 Anglican churches, two Roman Catholic churches and a synagogue. Twenty-six current and former places of worship have Grade II status.

</doc>
<doc id="9819915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819915" title="Mohammad Panjali">
Mohammad Panjali

Seyed Mohammad Panjali Qomi (born July 26, 1955 in Tehran, Iran) is a retired Iranian footballer and a football coach. He played for Bargh Tehran, Fath Tehran, F.C. Aboomoslem, Persepolis FC, Al-Ittihad and the Iran national football team, where he made 45 appearances. He usually played in the defender position. He is currently team manager of Persepolis.

</doc>
<doc id="9819961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819961" title="Eicosanoid receptor">
Eicosanoid receptor

An eicosanoid receptor is an integral membrane protein that detects the presence of eicosanoid signaling molecules. Most, though not all, are G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs). An example of a non-GPCR receptor that binds eicosanoids is PPAR-γ.
The following is a list of the known human eicosanoid GPCRs grouped according to the type of eicosanoid ligand that each binds:
Leukotriene.
Leukotrienes:
Lipoxin.
Lipoxins:
Oxoeicosanoid.
Oxoeicosanoid:
Prostanoid.
Prostanoids:

</doc>
<doc id="9819962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819962" title="Şahan Arzruni">
Şahan Arzruni

Şahan Arzruni (; born 8 June 1943) is an Armenian classical pianist, composer, ethnomusicologist, lecturer, writer and producer, residing in New York City.
Early life and education.
Arzruni (also transliterated as Ardzruni) was born in Istanbul, Turkey, whose family name belongs to an ancient Armenian dynasty. He received his general education at Esayan and Getronagan Armenian Lyceums, and graduated from the Istanbul Municipal Conservatory Istanbul University State Conservatory, where he studied piano with Ferdi Statzer and harmony with Raşit Abed.
He moved to New York in 1964 to study further at the Juilliard School of Music on a scholarship from the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation. There his principal teachers were Sascha Gorodnitzki in piano, Felix Galimir in chamber music, and Joseph Bloch in piano literature. Arzruni graduated from Juilliard, earning his bachelor's degree in 1967 and a master's degree in 1968. Arzruni has also pursued doctoral studies at New York University.
Career.
Motivated by ethnic awareness in the United States, Arzruni continuously investigates the musical roots of his Armenian heritage. He researches traditional Armenian music and has recorded a three-disc anthology of Armenian piano music, and co-produced an eight-disc set of instrumental and vocal Armenian music. He also delivered papers and organized symposia for such institutions as Harvard University, Columbia University and University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. Şahan Arzruni is the author of books and a contributor of articles for academic journals; he has also written for various editions of The New Grove Dictionary and the Dictionary of the Middle Ages.
A Steinway artist, he was invited to perform on an 1869 Steinway piano at the Metropolitan Museum of Art for the inaugural of the centennial celebrations of the Museum’s collection of historic instruments. In 2001, Mr. Arzruni delivered a lecture on Armenian liturgical chants at the invitation of the U.S. Library of Congress, in Washington, D.C.
Şahan Arzruni has performed with Victor Borge, playing the role of straight man in Borge's concerts starting with the late 1960s, and appeared with Borge at the 1980 Royal Variety Show Command Performance where the pair performed Borge's classic comedic arrangement for duet piano of Liszt's Second Hungarian Rhapsody. 
Arzruni appeared in television and radio broadcasts, including "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", "The Mike Douglas Show" and a number of PBS specials and has recorded for European radio networks, including the BBC. Arzruni has given command performances at the White House, as well as the British, Danish, Swedish, and Icelandic courts. In 2008, he was awarded "Honorary Professorship" from Yerevan Komitas State Conservatory in Armenia. 
Arzruni records for New World Records, Composers Recordings, Musical Heritage Society, Hearts of Space, Philips, Varèse Sarabande, Good Music, Positively Armenian and Kalan Müzik.

</doc>
<doc id="9819980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9819980" title="Richard Long (MP 1694)">
Richard Long (MP 1694)

Richard Long (1668–1730) was an English politician. 
Baptised in Collingbourne Kingston, Wiltshire on 7 April 1668, he was the son of Richard Long of Collingbourne Kingston by his wife Elizabeth, daughter of Edward Long of Rood Ashton, Wiltshire. He married Elizabeth, daughter of Thomas Long of Rowden, Chippenham. They had two sons, one of whom was Richard Long (c1691-1760), and one daughter.
He was High Sheriff of Wiltshire from 1702-1703.
A member of the Whig party, Long was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Chippenham on 19 November 1694, defeating his opponent Sir Basil Firebrace by 17 votes. After the election there was an allegation of fraud on the part of Long and his supporters, who, a Committee of Inquiry were told, had bribed and threatened certain voters in order to secure their vote. The committee found that Firebrace's supporters had in fact bribed the witnesses to make false claims, and Long was exonerated. 
His representation in Parliament was brief. As a supporter of the Immorality Bill he believed the remedy for poverty was the suppression of alehouses, "the most... intolerable grievance we have." He died on 19 January 1730.
Further reading.
Inquisition Post Mortem: An Adventurous Jaunt Through a 500 Year History of the Courtiers, Clothiers and Parliamentarians of the Long Family of Wiltshire; Cheryl Nicol

</doc>
<doc id="9820081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820081" title="In This Our Life (novel)">
In This Our Life (novel)

In This Our Life is a 1941 novel by the American writer Ellen Glasgow. The title is a quote from the sonnet sequence "Modern Love" by George Meredith: "Ah, what a dusty answer gets the soul/ When hot for certainties in this our life!" It won the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1942. The book was quickly bought by the Warner Brothers and adapted for a film of the same name, which was released in 1942.
Film adaptation.
In 1941 Warner Brothers purchased the film rights for $40,000 and quickly began casting the film "In This Our Life". The screenwriter Howard Koch adapted the novel for the screen, downplaying the incestuous aspect of William Fitzroy's relationship with his niece Stanley, and the portrayal of contemporary racial discrimination in the South. It starred Bette Davis and Olivia de Havilland as the sisters, both well-recognized actresses.

</doc>
<doc id="9820111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820111" title="Cocksure">
Cocksure

Cocksure is a novel by Mordecai Richler. It was first published in 1968 by McClelland and Stewart.
A satirical work, the novel centres on Mortimer Griffin, a middle-class Anglican from Caribou, Ontario who has built a successful career as a publisher and editor in 1960s London, England. When a Hollywood mogul buys Griffin's publishing house, Griffin is suddenly forced to confront the potential impact that "not" being Jewish may have on his career and his sex life.
In "Ninety-nine Novels", Anthony Burgess named "Cocksure" one of his personal selections for the best novels of the previous four decades. The novel was also selected for competition in the 2006 edition of "Canada Reads", where it was championed by comedian Scott Thompson.
The book caused a sensation when it was declared by some as obscene and was banned by W H Smith in Britain as well as by stores in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand and South Africa.
Criticism.
"Cocksure" and Richler's contemporaneous essay collection "Hunting Tigers Under Glass" were jointly awarded the 1968 Governor General's Award (Fiction and Essays). The novel was considered by many critics, however, as an amusing jape rather than serious satire. Writing in "The New York Times", Canadian writer Marian Engel called it "smart-alecky stuff doesn't cut any deeper than the Sunday-paper set it's aimed at".

</doc>
<doc id="9820124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820124" title="Shefqet Vërlaci">
Shefqet Vërlaci

Shefqet Bej Vërlaci (15 December 1877, Elbasan, Manastir Vilayet, Ottoman Empire – 21 July 1946, Zürich, Switzerland) was Prime Minister of Albania in 1924 and during the Italian occupation from 1939 to 1941.
Biography.
Verlaci's name also is found under the forms "Vërlaci", "Verlaçi", "Verlaxhi", and "Velaxhi". His first name also is written in various forms, including "Shevket", as on his gravestone. His name probably has distant Venetian roots, from the Renaissance times of Albania Veneta.
In 1922, Verlaci was the biggest landowner of Albania. He was the leader of the Progressive Party, the biggest conservative party in Albania, which firmly opposed any agrarian reform reducing the landowners' property. The Progressive Party included some North Albanian clan chiefs and prominent Muslim landowners as its members.
In late 1922, Ahmed Zogu became engaged to Verlaci's daughter, winning Verlaci's support and the position of Prime Minister.
In early 1924, Zogu was forced to cede his position of Prime Minister to Verlaci, because of a financial scandal and an attempt of assassination in which Zogu was injured. The date of Verlaci taking the position of prime minister is 5 March 1924 (some sources cite other dates in February or March). Verlaci held this position until 2 June (or 10 June), and then fled to Italy. During Fan Noli's regime that followed, a special tribunal created by the government condemned Verlaci to death in absentia along with the confiscation of all his property.
When Zogu was crowned in 1928, he immediately broke his engagement with Verlaci's daughter. Verlaci thus became King Zog's mortal enemy.
On 12 April 1939, after the Italian invasion of Albania, Verlaci became the prime minister of the government of Albania formed under the Italian occupation. From 12 April through 16 April (until Italy's King Victor Emmanuel III accepted the Albanian crown), Verlaci was the acting head of state.
Verlaci supported Albania's claim to ethnic Albanian-inhabited areas in Yugoslavia and Greece.
On 28 November 1939 there was an anti-Italian, anti-Fascist and anti-government street demonstration in Tirana, supported by a strike of industrial and transport workers.
Verlaci remained at the head of the government until 4 December (other sources cite 10 November or 3 December), 1941.
He died in 1946 in Zürich, Switzerland, and is buried in the Protestant Cemetery in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="9820126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820126" title="EU–Japan Fest">
EU–Japan Fest

The is the cultural exchange between the European Union and Japan that is arranged with the help of the , a Japanese organization that since 1992 has worked to create such exchanges between the year's Cultural Capital of Europe and Japan. The "Fest" aims to support both traditional and innovative culture.
The EU–Japan Fest Japan Committee is a non-profit organization financed by European governments, the Agency for Cultural Affairs and other Japanese government institutions, and donations. Its office is in Kōjimachi, Chiyoda, Tokyo.
The program for Patras in 2006 included exhibitions of architecture and photography, and dance and musical performances.
Publications include "In-Between," a fourteen-volume set of photographs of Europe by Japanese photographers, and "European Eyes on Japan," a seven-volume set of photographs of Japan by European photographers.

</doc>
<doc id="9820161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820161" title="1102 Pepita">
1102 Pepita

1102 Pepita (1928 VA) is a Main-belt asteroid. It was discovered by Josep Comas Solà at the Fabra Observatory in Barcelona, Spain, on November 5, 1928. 
Its name is the feminine form of "Pepito", the discoverer's nickname.

</doc>
<doc id="9820165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820165" title="Operation Desert Spring">
Operation Desert Spring

Operation Desert Spring was part of an ongoing operation in Kuwait by the United States that was established on December 31, 1998, following Operation Desert Storm and Operation Desert Shield. The mission objective is to maintain a forward presence and provide control and force protection over the military of Kuwait.
Operation Desert Spring ended with the beginning of Operation Iraqi Freedom on 18 March 2003.
Participants in Operation Desert Spring are entitled to receive the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9820177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820177" title="Ken Huff">
Ken Huff

Kenneth Wayne Huff (born February 21, 1953 in Hutchinson, Kansas) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League. He was also an All-American guard at the University of North Carolina.
College career.
Huff was heavily recruited from Deerfield Academy, Deerfield, Massachusetts where he spent a post graduate year after Coronado High School outside of San Diego, California. Initially a defensive tackle until UNC Coach Bill Dooley switched him to guard in his second day of practice, he immediately became a starter on the offensive line. As a sophomore, he helped lead the University of North Carolina to an 11-1 Atlantic Coast Conference championship. He played in the 1972 and 1974 Sun Bowls, Hula Bowl, and Senior Bowl in 1975. In his senior season, he was the leader of an offensive line that produced two 1,000 yard backs and helped Carolina set a school total offense record. He was chosen first Team All-ACC and Consensus All-American in 1974 including "Playboy’s" Pre-Season All-American pick. Huff came in second to Randy White for the Outland Trophy Award, won the Jacobs Trophy as the leagues best blocker, Jim Tatum Medal and was a two time recipient of the Bill Arnold Award as UNC’s top lineman. He was also named Captain of the College All-Stars in their game against the Super Bowl Champion Pittsburgh Steelers. His number was retired at his high school alma mater and at UNC where his college jersey is hanging on the University’s Honored Jersey section of Kenan Memorial Stadium.
Professional career.
Huff was the third overall pick in the 1975 NFL Draft by the Baltimore Colts. The Colts went from being the last placed team in 1974 with a 2-12 record to a contender with a 10-4 record in Huff’s first year. They continued their run and made the play-offs for the next three years. In 1983 he was traded to the Washington Redskins and became a member of the famed “Hogs” offensive line along with Mark May, Russ Grimm, Joe Jacoby, Jeff Bostic and George Starke. He played in Super Bowl XVIII where the Redskins were defeated by the Oakland Raiders. Huff retired in 1986 after 11 years and a career 145 games in the NFL.
Post NFL Career.
In May 2008, Huff was inducted into the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame.
Currently Huff is the owner of an award winning, custom home building company in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. He is involved with numerous UNC and NFL related charity organizations as well as doing Public Service Announcements for Hope For The Warriors.
Received the Walter Camp Foundation Alumni of the Year for 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9820196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820196" title="Arthur Edward George">
Arthur Edward George

Arthur Edward George (17 June 1875 – 8 September 1951) was an accomplished sportsman, an aviation pioneer, aircraft designer, racing driver, engineer and businessman. He served in the Second Boer War (in the British Cape Colony armed forces), in World War I and in World War II, and was awarded the Silver medal of the Royal Aero Club posthumously for his "Services to aviation over 50 years".
Early life.
Arthur Edward George was born in Fordington, near Dorchester, Dorset, England on 17 June 1875; his family moved to Newcastle upon Tyne while he was a child. He was a talented athlete, being a swimmer, figure skater and racing cyclist at international level.
After serving an engineering apprenticeship in Newcastle, he lived for some time in South Africa, where he became national cycling champion and represented South Africa at the 1899 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Montreal, Canada. He served with the Cape Colony Cyclist Corps from 07 Jan. 1901 until 12 May 1902 in the Second Boer War, receiving the Queen's South Africa Medal with three clasps. On his attestation (joining-up) form he is described as being "Age: 23(?), Nationality: English, Trade: Cycle Mechanic, Height: 5 ft 10½in, Weight: 150 lbs, Chest: 38in, Complexion: Fair, Eyes: Blue, Hair: Black, Character: Very good." It was noted that he "Supplies own bicycle".
Later life.
In 1902, having returned to England, he formed the company George and Jobling in Newcastle upon Tyne with Robert ("Bob") Lee Jobling. In 1904 the company moved to premises which had previously been used by Robert Stephenson and Company, which it was to occupy for 60 years. George and Jobling first manufactured bicycles and later motor vehicles and automobile bodywork. It also sold motor vehicles and was an agent for many manufacturers. In addition to its coachbuilding business, George & Jobling sold motor vehicles and was an agent for many manufacturers, including Argyll, Darracq, Hillman, Ford and Fordson. Between 1907 and 1970, the firm had branches in Hexham, Glasgow, Darlington, Bowness and Leeds and is credited with inventing the forerunner of the trolley-jack and the breakdown-truck. It became well known as 'expert witnesses' in court cases involving serious motoring accidents.
George was a keen racing driver and competed at home and in mainland Europe in road races, hill climbs and sand racing. He achieved third place driving a Darracq in the 1908 RAC Tourist Trophy race, during which he also set the fastest lap time, and won many races in a stripped-down Ford Model T at Brooklands and Saltburn. This same car was later fitted with a polished brass body and became known as the 'Golden Ford', which is still preserved. During the National Strike of 1926, he was involved in driving newspapers from Newcastle to London."
In August 1909 George became an active member of the Royal Aero Club of the United Kingdom and learned to fly on a Voisin biplane called "Bird of Passage" which he had bought from J.T.C. Moore-Brabazon, holder of Aviator's Certificate no. 1; he later sold the "Bird of Passge" to Cecil Grace. He designed and built his own aeroplane, which featured hollow spars, a steerable tail-wheel and unique 'triplicate control column which controlled not only roll and pitch but also yaw. The control column has been preserved and is on display at the Discovery Museum in Newcastle upon Tyne. On 6 September 1910 he gained Aviator's Certificate no. 19 flying this prototype aircraft. Front and side elevation views of his aircraft, which was displayed at the Olympia Exhibion in 1910, can be found in the Flight Magazine archive. Later the same year he crashed it at an Air display in Newcastle; his application to the banks for more funds to continue designing and building aircraft was refused on the grounds that it was too dangerous; after this setback, he concentrated his efforts on customising and selling cars.
He nevertheless took an active interest in flying throughout his life: he was a leading member of the Newcastle upon Tyne Aero Club; he obtained his Civil Aviation Class A Pilot's Licence in 1935 and his Class A glider pilot's licence in 1937; in World War II he served from July 1939 until November 1940 as Commanding Officer of 131 Tyneside Squadron, Air Defence Cadet Corps.
A.E.George volunteered for military service in World War I, rising to the rank of (temporary) Major in the Northumberland Motor Volunteer Corps. Between the wars he pursued his business, sporting and flying interests, serving again in World War II as Commanding Officer of the local Air Defence Cadet Corps between 1939 and 1940, followed by volunteer service in both the Home Guard and the Royal Navy.
On 8 September 1951 George died of cancer in Bingley, Yorkshire, aged 76. His funeral was held in Newcastle and was attended by local dignitaries, representatives of the aviation world and previous employees. The local RAF Air Cadets performed a fly-past over the funeral ceremony. In honour of his services to aviation, the Royal Aero Club awarded him a posthumous Silver Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9820207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820207" title="Theories for Everything">
Theories for Everything

Theories for Everything subtitled An Illustrated History of Science, From the Invention of Numbers to String Theory is a book, published by the National Geographic Society. It details the history of science from its earliest beginnings to the latest discoveries. Available in two versions, Deluxe and Standard, it was originally offered to National Geographic Society members and subsequently in the society's online shop. The book was co-authored by Bruce Stutz, Andrea Gianopoulos, and John Langone to whom it was dedicated. Theories for Everything is subdivided into six chapters, each focusing on a specific area of science and highlighting the achievements of scientists in that discipline.

</doc>
<doc id="9820239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820239" title="Anne Elk's Theory on Brontosauruses">
Anne Elk's Theory on Brontosauruses

"Anne Elk's Theory on Brontosauruses" is a sketch from the thirty-first "Monty Python's Flying Circus" episode, "The All-England Summarize Proust Competition".
This sketch features Graham Chapman as a television interviewer and John Cleese in drag as a palaeontologist, Anne Elk, appearing in a television talk show titled "Thrust".
The plot of the sketch is that the interviewee, Anne Elk, cannot bring herself to describe the actual basis of her supposed new palaeontological theory on dinosaurs, specifically Brontosauruses. After several false starts during which she repeatedly and noisily attempts to clear her throat, Ms. Elk spends most of the interview circuitously leading up to the "theory of dinosaurs by Anne Elk bracket Miss brackets", making assertions like "My theory, which belongs to me, is mine." It turns out that in the end Miss Elk's new theory on brontosauruses is rather shallow: "All brontosauruses are thin at one end, much, much thicker in the middle, and then thin again at the far end." Her true concern is that she receive full credit for devising this new theory: "That is the theory that I have, and which is mine, and what it is too."
This sketch was also performed on the album "Monty Python's Previous Record", under the title 'Miss Anne Elk'. The sketch inspired the concept of "Elk Theories" to describe scientific observations that are not theories but merely minimal accounts.
Anne Elk's roundabout speech pattern was based on Graham Chapman's companion David Sherlock, who evidently spoke in such a manner, amusing the other Pythons.
The character A. Elk and her 'Theory of Brontosauruses' is used in the American Psychological Association Style Guide to illustrate how to reference a periodical article in a learned journal.

</doc>
<doc id="9820250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820250" title="2001 Atlantic Championship season">
2001 Atlantic Championship season

The 2001 Toyota Atlantic Championship season was contested over 12 rounds. The CART Toyota Atlantic Championship Drivers' Champion was Hoover Orsi driving for Hylton Motorsports. In this one-make formula all drivers had to utilize Swift chassis and Toyota engines. 20 different teams and 41 different drivers competed.
Final points standings.
Driver.
For every race the points were awarded: 20 points to the winner, 16 for runner up, 14 for third place, 12 for fourth place, 10 for fifth place, 8 for sixth place, 6 seventh place, winding down to 1 point for 12th place. Lower placed drivers did not award points. Additional points were awarded to the pole winner (1 point) and to the driver leading the most laps (1 point).
Note:
Race 2 no additional point for the qualifying were awarded due to rain, starting lineup based on combined practice times.
Race 10 Hoover Orsi had 14 points deduction (all points for his third place, but not the additional point for the pole) due to taking unjustifiable risk.
Complete Overview.
R20=retired, but classified NS=did not start

</doc>
<doc id="9820274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820274" title="Mike Douglass (American football)">
Mike Douglass (American football)

Michael Reese Douglass is a former American football player. He played outside linebacker for the Green Bay Packers (1978–1985) and the San Diego Chargers (1986) in the National Football League. He ranks third in the lists of tackles made by a Packers player.

</doc>
<doc id="9820278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820278" title="Kliment">
Kliment

Kliment (Климент) is a male name, a Slavic form of the Late Latin male personal name Clement. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="9820380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820380" title="Bruno Granholm">
Bruno Granholm

Bruno Ferdinand Granholm (May 14, 1857 — September 29, 1930) was a Finnish architect. He served as the chief architect of Rautatiehallitus (The Railroad Board) between 1892 and 1926. Many of the station buildings he designed are still in use today, having aged surprisingly well.
Granholm designed the station buildings for the Haapamäki–Jyväskylä, Jyväskylä–Suolahti, Helsinki–Turku, Kuopio–Iisalmi, Oulu–Tornio, Iisalmi–Kajaani and Savonlinna–Elisenvaara tracks. Buildings constructed from his plans can also be found on other routes, e.g. Levashovo of the Riihimäki-Saint Petersburg railroad (within Saint Petersburg).
Granholm's buildings are strongly influenced by the Romantic nationalist concepts of the era, such as asymmetry and generous carvings, and can often be positively distinguished from the surrounding buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="9820388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820388" title="Preachership">
Preachership

A preachership was the title originally given to the congregations of men with superior education required to give about a hundred sermons to the public as a result of their dissatisfaction with poor-quality sermons of medieval church. These sermons were considered more important than the Eucharist.
Preacherships became Protestant leaders and were found in Stuttgart, Reutlingen, Eisenach, and Jena. Many preachers in the towns as Stuttgart, Reutlingen, Eisenach, and Jena after 1517, became Protestant leaders, as they were attracted by Martin Luther's ideas during the Protestant Reformation.

</doc>
<doc id="9820413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820413" title="Methylenedioxymethoxyethylamphetamine">
Methylenedioxymethoxyethylamphetamine

MDMEOET, or 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-methoxyethylamphetamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug and a substituted amphetamine. It is also the N-methoxyethyl analogue of MDA. MDMEOET was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin. In his book "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)", the minimum dosage is listed as 180 mg. MDMEOET produces few to no effects. Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of MDMEOET.

</doc>
<doc id="9820418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820418" title="2007 UCI Women's Road World Cup">
2007 UCI Women's Road World Cup

The 2007 UCI Women's Road World Cup was the tenth edition of the UCI Women's Road World Cup. Eight of the twelve races from the 2006 World Cup were retained and one new race was added to give a total of nine races. The races that were left off the calendar were the New Zealand World Cup, GP Castilla y Leon, L'Heure D'Or Féminine and the Lowland International Rotterdam Tour. The Dutch race the Ronde van Drenthe was the sole addition.
Point standings.
Individuals.
Final standings (last updated on September 16, 2007).
Teams.
Final standings (last updated on September 1, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9820420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820420" title="Anna-Lisa Björling">
Anna-Lisa Björling

Anna-Lisa Björling, née "Emy Anna-Lisa Berg" (March 15, 1910 – November 24, 2006), was a Swedish opera singer and actress. She was married to tenor, Jussi Björling, from 1935 until his death in 1960.
Born in Stockholm, Anna-Lisa was a soprano who had studied at the Royal Swedish Academy of Music. After her marriage to Jussi Björling in 1935, Anna-Lisa focused on her family life and their children for ten years. When the children were older she resumed her musical studies, and made a very successful comeback at the Royal Swedish Opera in 1948, where she performed various roles until the late 1960s.
In Sweden and occasionally abroad, she performed duets with her husband Jussi Björling, for television specials and other events. She had also appeared in some Swedish films, both as an actress and singer in the 1930s.
She was sometimes credited as "Anna-Lisa Berg" or "Anna-Lisa Björling Barkman".
She died in Stockholm in 2006, at age 96.

</doc>
<doc id="9820451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820451" title="Anthony Waichulis">
Anthony Waichulis

Anthony Waichulis (born 1972) is a contemporary Trompe L'Oeil painter from Northeast Pennsylvania. Celebrated by critics and collectors alike, Waichulis' works have been published in nearly every major art publication including The Artist's Magazine, Fine Art Connoisseur, American Artist, American Art Review, American Art Collector, Art News, Art-Talk, as well as many others. Anthony, represented by The John Pence gallery in San Francisco, has exhibited in a salvo of key venues across the country including the Smithsonian Institute, National Arts Club, The Butler Institute of American Art, Orlando Museum of Art, Arnot Art Museum, and the World Arts Museum among others. Waichulis has also achieved top honors in nearly every prestigious national and international competition held today including The Artist's magazine's Annual Competition and the Art Renewal Center's International Salon Competition. In January 2006, Anthony became the first Trompe L'oeil painter to be granted Living Master status with The Art Renewal Center.
In 1998, Waichulis opened The Waichulis Studio (TWS). His unique system of training would produce artists responsible for some of the most breathtaking Realism of today. The TWS atelier would quickly became one of the most respected apprenticeship studios in the United States. In 2010, Anthony’s highly successful Waichulis Studio caught the attention of a newly forming entity with aspirations for an educational effort on a global scale. This new entity, The Ani Art Academies, was the brainchild of Mr. Tim Reynolds, co-founder of a thriving Wall Street trading firm, passionate artist, patron of the arts, and founder of The Tim Reynolds Foundation. Mr. Reynolds’ vision was to create a non-profit effort that would provide an intensive multi-year art skills education to aspiring artists around the world. In 2011 The Waichulis Studio merged with the Ani Art Academies project to form the domestic flagship of the Ani project: The Ani Art Academy Waichulis. Since then the Ani Art Academies project has seen the launch of two international Academies ---Ani Art Academy Anguilla and Dominicana. Additional Academies using Waichulis' now celebrated curriculum are also scheduled to open in Thailand, Indonesia, and Sri Lanka in the very near future.
Additional resources regarding Anthony Waichulis and/or The Ani Art Academies: www.aniwaichulis.com or www.aniartacademies.org

</doc>
<doc id="9820486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820486" title="Oregon Bicycle Racing Association">
Oregon Bicycle Racing Association

The Oregon Bicycle Racing Association is a bicycle racing organization based in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Mission.
The mission of OBRA is to promote and develop the sport of bicycle racing in Oregon by providing the tools and resources necessary for competition. 
History.
Foundation.
The Oregon Bicycle Racing Association (OBRA) was started in the late 1970s. Called the Oregon Cycling Association (OCA), it was then the district association of USCF clubs. The name was changed to the Oregon Bicycle Racing Association several years later to avoid confusion with the political group, the Oregon Citizens Alliance which was getting much negative media attention. 
There was not much activity for the first few years after OCA was formed. When Steve Scarich became the District Representative he pushed to increase the strength of the organization. Organization was improved and a system of collecting fees from races was established. A few years later Mike Murray was elected to the board. Murray wanted more racing in Oregon so he turned the focus of the group toward making it easier to produce quality events. He bought traffic signs, photo finish equipment, PA systems, CB radios and more.
Separation from USCF.
Dissatisfaction with the United States Cycling Federation came on slowly and climaxed in December 1998 when they fired all the Regional
Representatives in favor of a plan to only utilize 10 people nationwide to service the membership. At this same time alternatives to the insurance provided by the national governing body became more readily available and the question was asked, 'What is OBRA getting back for the dollars that are sent to Colorado Springs?' An annual membership ranged from $35 to $50 and then the charge for insurance was about twice what was available commercially. OBRA figured that Oregon alone was sending about $200,000 annually to USAC in USCF and NORBA membership fees and race permits and surcharges. 
In exchange OBRAA received little in the way of services and now there would not even be a local representative. The straw that broke the back was when USAC doubled the permit fees for the weekend day series races. To send a message to Colorado Springs the series promoters choose to insure with an insurance plan purchased by OBRA and to forgo USCF sanctioning. Letters were letters to every USAC board, director and staff member explaining why OBRA were doing this and further explaining that it was likely that all Oregon events would do this unless USAC made changes to address concerns over the diminishing level of service. Only one response was received. 
In the fall of 1998 there was a vote of member clubs that was unanimous that the OBRA insurance plan would be offered at all events.
Success.
OBRA membership has swelled to the highest levels ever when David Beede contacted OBRA about branching out into mountain bike racing. The dissatisfaction among NORBA members was even greater than that from the road/track side. Last year they were able to organize a race series amongst the mountain bike races and added them to OBRAs email network. This has given them a voice that they have not experienced before.
Now other states have followed their lead. American Bicycle Racing (ABR) in the Midwest, Bicycle Racing Association of Colorado (BRAC - which has now changed its name to American Cycling Association) represent Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and parts of Texas and North California/Nevada Cycling Association (NCNCA) have all formed a coalition of association-
Federation of Independent Cycling Associations (FIAC). OBRA has started incorporation proceedings and are working toward a shared rulebook and rider reciprocity. The OBRA 2000 calendar has over 200 days of racing, offering discounted membership to juniors and strongly suggest that the race organizers reduce entry fees for those under 18. The Best All round Competition has expanded to recognize the outstanding performances in each discipline and new for 2000 OBRA are hosting an Oregon Cup.
Statistics.
According to OBRA statistics, membership has grown dramatically since 2000. 
According to Velonews (2006)
Organization.
Governance.
The Oregon Bicycle Racing Association is an Oregon Non Profit Corporation that has its Constitution and Bylaws on file with the State of Oregon. The business and affairs of OBRA are managed by its Board of Directors. There are six members of the Board of Directors. Each director is elected to a three year term by a majority of club representatives at an annual meeting. Two directors are elected each year.
There are four paid positions:
Types of racing.
OBRA sanctions events for six cycling disciplines. They are road, track, criterium, time trial, cyclo-cross, and the mountain bike disciplines of cross-country, downhill and super-d.
Reciprocity.
OBRA maintains a reciprocity agreement with Federation of Independent Associations of Cycling (FIAC), United States Cycling Association (USAC) and other organizations. These agreements include honoring of memberships and/or suspensions, cooperation and production of programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9820524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820524" title="Digital classics">
Digital classics

Digital classics is the application of the tools of digital humanities to the field of classics, or more broadly to the study of the ancient world.
History.
Classics was one of the first of the humanities disciplines to adopt computing approaches; the first references to the use of computing in the classical humanities date to the early 1960s, which might be surprising considering the reputation of the discipline as old-fashioned and stuffily traditionalist. Major projects such as the Thesaurus Linguae Graecae, founded in 1972, and the text collections of the Packard Humanities Institute set the trend, and there are still a significantly large number of ancient world projects among Humanities Computing projects today. Also, the success of traditional scholarly publications in digital guises, such as seen in the "Bryn Mawr Classical Review", and the early adoption of hypertext in high profile projects like the Perseus Digital Library helped to legitimize computing in the study of classics in ways that has not always been the case in other areas of the humanities.
This apparent paradox may be as a result of the many methodologies and different sources of evidence that classicists have always had to embrace, from literary sources and linguistics, to art history and archaeology, history, philosophy, religious theory, ancient documents such as inscriptions and papyri, and so forth. The fragmentary nature of many of the texts and languages of the ancient world, the scattered evidence from the material culture of ancient Greece and Rome, and the necessity to evaluate all these varieties of evidence in context are particularly likely to benefit from digital approaches such as databases, text markup, and image manipulation.
Digital classics projects.
There are currently several major projects that aim to encourage and develop digital approaches to classical scholarship. The Stoa Consortium at the University of Kentucky distributes news of the discipline, and serves as a peer-reviewed electronic publication venue, and encourages open source approaches to digital classics. The Perseus Project is a digital library that also provides a collection of digital texts and analysis tools to the public; principally (but not exclusively) classical. Digital Classicist is another project and community which shares information and advice about the digital humanities applied to the field of classics.
The Liverpool Classics Mailing List is a project which can be subscribed to in which one receives email regarding Classics events around the world, as well as call for papers, studentships and public lectures.

</doc>
<doc id="9820538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820538" title="List of The Girls Next Door episodes">
List of The Girls Next Door episodes

This is a list of episodes for the reality television series "The Girls Next Door", which premiered on E! (Entertainment Television) on August 7, 2005 in the United States. As of October 2009, five complete seasons of the program have aired. Season six premiered on March 1, 2009. 90 episodes have aired. 
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Season 1: 2005.
Season 1, consisting of 15 episodes, premiered on August 7, 2005. The first episode to air was "Meet the Girls". An pilot episode titled "Hef's World" did not air, but was included on the season 1 DVD.
<br>
Season 2: 2006.
Season 2 premiered on July 30, 2006. The first two episodes aired together as a special, on-hour version titled, "Happy Birthday, Hef".
<br>
Season 3: 2007.
Season 3 premiered on March 4, 2007. The season included 10 episodes as well as a special one-hour clip show titled "Bedtime Stories: The Best of the Girls Next Door".
<br>
Season 4: 2007–08.
<br>
Season 5: 2008–09.
<br>
Season 6: 2009–10.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9820552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820552" title="Miraka Szászy">
Miraka Szászy

Dame Miraka "Mira" Szászy (née Petricevich, 7 August 1921 – 20 December 2001) was a prominent Māori leader. She was the first Māori woman to graduate with a degree from the University of Auckland - BA, Dip SocSci. She was a former President of the Māori Women's Welfare League.
She made significant contributions in education, broadcasting, social welfare and small business development. In 1993 she received an Honorary Doctor of Laws from Victoria University of Wellington in recognition of her contribution to the nation.
Personal life.
She was born in Waihopo, Northland, in 1921. She married Albert Szaszy in 1956; they had two sons, Philip and Mark. She was made Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1990.
Death.
She died at home in Ngataki, aged 80, in 2001.
Legacy.
The Mira Szászy Research Centre was established by the University of Auckland Business School in 1998 in honour of the late Dame Mira’s achievements, and is New Zealand's first dedicated Māori and Pacific research facility in business and economics.

</doc>
<doc id="9820566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820566" title="3,4-Methylenedioxy-N-methylphentermine">
3,4-Methylenedioxy-N-methylphentermine

3,4-Methylenedioxy-"N"-methylphentermine (MDMP), or 3,4-methylenedioxy-α,α,N-trimethylphenethylamine, is a lesser-known psychedelic drug. MDMP was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin. In his book "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)", the minimum dosage is listed as 110 mg, and the duration is listed as approximately 6 hours. MDMP produces few to no effects, and is slightly similar to MDMA. Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of MDMP.

</doc>
<doc id="9820592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820592" title="Anticipatory grief">
Anticipatory grief

Anticipatory grief refers to a grief reaction that occurs before an impending loss. Typically, the impending loss is a death of someone close due to illness but it can also be experienced by dying individuals themselves. The anticipated death can also be from non-illness-related causes such as high suicide lethality, high-risk lifestyle or gang involvement, or from non-death-related losses such as scheduled mastectomy, pending divorce, company downsizing or war.
The five stages (denial, bargaining, depression, anger and acceptance) proposed by Elisabeth Kübler-Ross in her model of grief to describe the process by which people cope after a loss can also be present in anticipatory grief. Anxiety, dread, guilt, helplessness, hopelessness, and feeling overwhelmed are also common. However, it is important to note that anticipatory grief is not simply normal grief begun earlier.
Features identified specifically with anticipatory grief include heightened concern for the dying person, rehearsal of the death and attempts to adjust to the consequences of the death. The period can allow people to resolve issues with the dying person and to say goodbye. It may provide some sense of orientation and access to the grieving process. For some, it prompts conscious closure before the end/loss.
Grief happening prior to a loss presents a compounding issue of isolation because of a lack of social acceptance. Anticipatory grief doesn't usually take the place of post-loss grief: there is not a fixed amount of grief to be experienced, so grief experienced before the loss does not necessarily reduce grief after the death. However, there may be little grieving after the loss due to anticipatory grief.
How often anticipatory grief occurs is a subject of some controversy. For example, a study of widows found that they stayed with their husbands until the death and could only mourn once the death had occurred. Researchers suggest that to start to grieve as though the loss has already happened can leave the bereaved feeling guilt for partially abandoning the patient.

</doc>
<doc id="9820611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820611" title="Journey in the Dark">
Journey in the Dark

Journey in the Dark is a 1943 novel by Martin Flavin. It won the Pulitzer Prize for the Novel in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="9820664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820664" title="Trisquel">
Trisquel

Trisquel (officially known as Trisquel GNU/Linux) is a Linux-based operating system based on Ubuntu. The project aims for a fully free software system without proprietary software or firmware and uses Linux-libre - a version of the Linux kernel with the non-free code (binary blobs) removed. Trisquel relies on user donations. Its logo is a triskelion. Trisquel is listed by the Free Software Foundation as a distribution that contains only free software. 
Overview.
Three basic versions are available.
Trisquel.
The standard Trisquel distribution includes the GNOME desktop environment and GUI as well as English and Spanish localizations on a 700MB CD image.
Trisquel Mini.
Trisquel Mini is an alternative to the mainline Trisquel, designed to run well on netbooks and aging hardware.
It uses the low-resource environment LXDE and lightweight GTK+ and X Window System alternatives to GNOME and Qt/KDE applications. The LXDE desktop also includes English and Spanish localizations, and it can be installed from a 500 MB CD image.
If an Internet connection has been enabled during the installation of either Trisquel or Trisquel Mini, the operating system will download and install itself (including user menus and all available documentation) in any one or more of the 51 languages that Trisquel has been localized in.
Trisquel i18n.
The full installation includes 51 languages (Albanian, Arabic, Aranese, Asturian, Basque, Bulgarian, Catalan, Central Khmer, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Esperanto, Estonian, Finnish, French, Galician, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Latvian, Lithuanian, Low German, Norwegian Bokmål, Norwegian Nynorsk, Occitan, Punjabi, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish, Tamil, Thai, Turkish, Valencian and Vietnamese) pre-installed in a downloadable 1.2-gigabyte DVD image.
Full source code for the entire Trisquel installation is also available in a downloadable 3-gigabyte DVD image.
History.
The project began in 2004 with sponsorship of the University of Vigo for Galician language support in educational software and was officially presented in April 2005 with Richard Stallman, founder of the GNU Project, as a special guest. According to project director Rubén Rodríguez, the support for Galician has created interest in South American and Mexican communities of emigrants from the Province of Ourense.
By December 2008, Trisquel was included by the FSF in its list of Linux distributions endorsed by the Free Software Foundation.
Release History.
Current versions include this common software:
Previous editions:
Reception.
Jesse Smith of DistroWatch reviewed the 4.0 release, Taranis, and described it as refined and dependable. He portrayed difficulty with removing software as his main problem with the release. Smith complimented Trisquel as an operating system that showcased utility instead of mere compliance with free software criteria.
Jim Lynch of Desktop Linux Reviews reviewed the 5.5 release, Brigantia, and described it as "well-ordered and well developed" and recommended it to users whether they care about only using free software or not. Lynch stated that the release was suitable for beginners and advanced users.
Chris Fisher and Matt Hartley of the The Linux Action Show! praised the design, ease of use, and hardware support of Trisquel 5.5 and Trisquel 5.5 Mini, but found that the Linux-libre kernel found in Trisquel impedes functionality of proprietary wireless devices. They argued that the distribution was targeting power users and that new users should use a different distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="9820685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820685" title="EMD GP39X">
EMD GP39X

The EMD GP39X is a diesel-electric locomotive built by the General Motors Electro-Motive Division. All six units built were constructed for the Southern Railway with Southern's characteristic high short hood. They were updated by EMD at Norfolk Southern's (Southern's successor) request to EMD GP49 standards in 1982. Norfolk Southern retired them in 2001, and they now are owned by Tri-Rail, after being upgraded with head end power and a lowered short hood.

</doc>
<doc id="9820686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820686" title="Old Market Hall">
Old Market Hall

The Old Market Hall is an Elizabethan building situated in the town centre of Shrewsbury, the county town of Shropshire, England.
Built in 1596, the property is now in the ownership of Shropshire Council. In 2004 the building underwent a £1.7 million restoration, having been previously restored in 1904. The OMH is a scheduled monument.
The Hall, an example of Late Tudor influence with primarily Elizabethan architecture, had two storeys: the large upper room was originally used by the Shrewsbury drapers or dealers in cloth to sell Welsh wool and the lower floor was used by farmers to sell their corn. The Old Market Hall was one of the earliest forms of prefabricated buildings; it was erected in less than four months. It bears the Royal Coat of Arms of Queen Elizabeth I, with the date of 1596, and the supporters are the English Lion and the Welsh dragon. On the North side of the Old Market Hall there is a statue of the Duke of York; it is the only one in the whole country. It is thought the OMH was designed by Walter Haycock.
A previous Market House was built on the same site in the 1260s. This building was demolished to make way for the Market Hall.
The OMH is made from Grinshill stone (from the North of Shropshire) and was used by wool merchants as a place to sell their fleeces. The post holes where fleeces were hung can still be seen today.
The top room of the old Market Hall was used as the town's magistrates court until 1995. The lower part of the structure has been used for many purposes, including as an air raid shelter during the Second World War.
Above the main arch there is a statue of a man in armour; he is thought to have been the Duke of York. This sculpture was originally located on the Welsh Bridge and it was moved to its current location on the orders of the town mayor in 1771.
Recently the Market Hall building has been refurbished as an arts venue and café, showcasing films and digital media. Since 2006, the Market Hall has been the venue for the annual Rainbow Film Festival - Shropshire Lesbian and Gay Film Festival.
The Old Market Hall falls under the administration of the Shropshire Council's Arts & Heritage Department.

</doc>
<doc id="9820714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820714" title="Bronner's">
Bronner's

Bronner's can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9820727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820727" title="Saint-Géry, Lot">
Saint-Géry, Lot

Saint-Géry is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.

</doc>
<doc id="9820754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820754" title="Vertebrectomy">
Vertebrectomy

Vertebrectomy is the surgical excision of a vertebra.

</doc>
<doc id="9820784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820784" title="Curtis Greer">
Curtis Greer

Curtis Greer (born November 10, 1957 in Detroit, Michigan) is a former professional American football player who was selected by the St. Louis Cardinals in the first round (6th overall) of the 1980 NFL Draft. A 6'4", 256 lbs. defensive end from the University of Michigan, Greer played in seven seasons in the National Football League from 1980 to 1985 and 1987 for the Cardinals.
He was a top pass rusher in the early 1980s before his career was curtailed by knee problems, missing an entire year in 1986. 
College career.
He played high school football at the prestigious Cass Technical High School, graduating in 1976. He was planning to attend Michigan State University, but decided to follow several of his high school teammates to the University of Michigan. He played defensive tackle at Michigan. Greer was a 1979 All-America selection. He had 11 sacks his sophomore and junior year. He set a Michigan record for tackles-for-a-loss in a season (21) and career (48). He was a two-time First-team All-Big Ten Conference selection (1978–79) and helped lead the Wolverines to three conference championships and four bowl games.
NFL career.
He was the first pick from the Cardinals in the 1980 NFL Draft. He missed a few games in his rookie season after suffering a concussion and ended the season in injured reserve after breaking his thumb in lost against the Philadelphia Eagles. He recorded 30 sacks in 1983–84 and 37.5 in a 41-game stretch of the strike-shortened 1982 season and from 1983 to 1985, whose total was the second best in the National Football League for that period, behind Dexter Manley of the Washington Redskins. In 1983 he had 16 sacks, second in the National Football Conference, behind future Pro Football Hall of Famer Fred Dean. He had 4.5 sacks in the final game of the season against the Philadelphia Eagles. In 1984 Greer was named a second-team All-NFC selection by UPI and finished third in the league with 14 sacks while starting in 52 consecutive games. He played the final five games of the 1985 season with swelling in his right knee, and lead his team in sacks the first six years in the league. 
He underwent knee surgery prior to the start of the 1986 season and was expected to miss the first six weeks of the season. However the extent of the injuries of his knee proved to be significant and missed the entire 1986 season. He developed early signs of rheumatoid arthritis in his good knee, ligament damage in his other knee and fluid in his ankle. He was expected to retire by the Cardinals staff prior to the start of the 1987 season, but he decided to return for a final year, despite doctors warnings about his knee. He was among the players who crossed the picket line during the 1987 NFL strike. That year he played in 10 games, starting nine of them and recorded six sacks. He retired at season's end.

</doc>
<doc id="9820786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820786" title="Badd">
Badd

"Badd" is the second single from the Ying Yang Twins' album "U.S.A. (United State of Atlanta)". It features Mike Jones and Mr. Collipark. In 2006 it reached #6 on the US Rap chart and #29 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was produced by Mr. Collipark. The music video is set inside various casinos and hotels in Las Vegas.
The song was covered in 2006 by Richard Cheese and Lounge Against the Machine for the album "".

</doc>
<doc id="9820792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820792" title="Hoffmann's reflex">
Hoffmann's reflex

In medicine, Hoffmann's reflex, named after American neurologist Richard Hoffmann (born 1959, Pennsylvania), is a finding elicited by a reflex test which verifies the presence or absence of problems in the corticospinal tract. It is also known as the finger flexor reflex. The Hoffman reflex has also been used as a measure of spinal reflex processing (adaptation) in response to exercise training.
The test involves tapping the nail or flicking the terminal phalanx of the middle or ring finger. A positive response is seen with flexion of the terminal phalanx of the thumb.
Relation to Babinski sign.
Hoffmann's reflex is often erroneously called 'the Babinski's sign of the upper limb'. However the two reflexes are quite different, and should not be equated with each other.
A positive Babinski sign is considered a pathological sign of upper motor neuron disease "except" for infants, in whom it is normal. Whereas, a positive Hoffmann's sign can be present in an entirely normal patient. A positive Hoffman's sign in the normal patients is more commonly found in those who are naturally hyper-reflexive (e.g. 3+ reflexes). A positive Hoffmann's sign is a worrisome finding of a disease process if its presence is asymmetrical, or has an acute onset.
Another significant difference between Hoffmann's reflex and the Babinski sign are their mechanism of reflex. Hoffman's reflex is a deep tendon reflex (spindle fibre) with a monosynaptic reflex pathway in Rexed lamina IX of the spinal cord. On the other hand, the plantar reflex is not a deep tendon reflex, and its pathway is both more complicated and not fully understood.

</doc>
<doc id="9820808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820808" title="Carl Lee (American football)">
Carl Lee (American football)

Carl Lee III (born February 6, 1961 in South Charleston, West Virginia) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the seventh round of the 1983 NFL Draft, and played with the Vikings for all but his final season with the New Orleans Saints. From 1995 to 2005, Lee was the head football coach at West Virginia State University and compiled an overall record of 34 wins and 75 losses (34–75) during his time with the Yellow Jackets.
He played college football at Marshall. In 1995, he was inducted into the Marshall University Athletics Hall of Fame for his collegiate career in baseball and track & field.
Professional career.
Minnesota Vikings.
Lee was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the seventh round of the 1983 NFL Draft. He played 11 years for the team from 1983 to 1993. During that time he started 144 of 169 games and had 779 tackles, 31 interceptions, returning two for touchdowns. He made the Pro Bowl in 1988, 1989, 1990.
New Orleans Saints.
In 1994 Lee joined the New Orleans Saints. In his only year with the team he started eight of 12 games, recording 28 tackles and two interceptions.
After the 1994 season Lee retired after 12 years in the NFL. He finished his career starting 152 of 181 games, recording 799 tackles, 31 interceptions, two touchdowns, and seven fumble recoveries.
Coaching career.
Following his retirement from the NFL, in January 1996, Lee accepted the head coaching position at West Virginia State University. After the 2005 season, he resigned his position as head coach, and during his ten seasons with the Yellow Jackets, Lee compiled an overall record of 34 wins and 75 losses (34–75).

</doc>
<doc id="9820815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820815" title="Laura Stoica">
Laura Stoica

Laura Stoica (October 10, 1967 - March 9, 2006) was a Romanian singer, composer and actress.
In 1986, she graduated from the "Popular Arts School" in Târgovişte with a degree in classic canto. Afterwards, she participated at all the major new-talent contests held in Romania. In 1989, she got a one-year singing contract at "Toma Caragiu" Theatre in Ploieşti.
Stoica made her debut in 1990 at the "Mamaia" festival with the "Un actor grăbit" song ("An Actor in a hurry", written by Bogdan Cristinoiu). The following year she was declared the best pop-rock singer and "Un actor grăbit" became the song of the year. Her debut album, entitled "Focul" (The Fire,) was released in 1994. Since then, Stoica's songs have been included in many compilations. Her second album, "Nici o stea" ("Any Star"), was released in 1997.
Stoica was also an actress. In 2000, she graduated from the Ecological University of Bucharest with a degree in drama. 
On March 9, 2006, Laura Stoica and her fiancé lost their lives in a car accident near Urziceni. She was pregnant at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="9820824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820824" title="Stockport by-election, 1920">
Stockport by-election, 1920

The Stockport by-election, 1920 was a parliamentary by-election held on 27 March 1920 for the constituency of Stockport, in Cheshire.
It followed the death of Spencer Leigh Hughes and resignation of George Wardle, the two Members of Parliament (MPs) for Stockport. With the departure of both MPs, a single by-election was held for both seats. Always a rare occurrence in Britain, Stockport was the first such by-election since the Oldham by-election, 1899, and proved to be the last such by-election held before the abolition of multi-member constituencies in 1950.
Background.
At the 1918 general election, the Lloyd George Coalition Government had won a large majority. The coalition included most of the Conservative and Liberal parties. Both Stockport MPs had been Coalition candidates, Hughes being a Liberal, but Wardle unusually being a Labour Party supporter of the Coalition. With this unusual level of cross-party agreement, they had not faced any opposition.
By 1920, the prospect of a merger of the Conservative and Liberal parties was being seriously considered. The local Conservative group considered that had it run candidates in 1918, it would have won both seats. As a result, when Hughes died, they considered it their turn to nominate a candidate for the constituency. Meanwhile, the Liberal group was determined to run a candidate to replace Hughes. Lloyd George and Andrew Bonar Law, national Liberal and Conservative leaders, had been considering merging their organisations to form a single party, and considered that it would be a disaster to have Conservative and Liberal candidates facing each other. In order to keep their local organisations happy, they convince Wardle to resign, enabling both to stand a candidate. The Liberals chose Henry Fildes, and the Conservatives, William Greenwood.
The majority of the Labour Party were opposed to the Coalition, and determined to stand candidates outside it in an attempt to gain Wardle's seat. After some discussion, they decided to stand economist and former Liberal MP Leo Chiozza Money and to support the candidature of the national organiser of the Co-operative Party, Samuel Perry.
Horatio Bottomley, a prominent right-wing independent politician also assembled a slate of two candidates on an "Anti-Waste" platform, foreshadowing the Anti-Waste League he formed the following year.
The Irish War of Independence had begun in 1919. While the Labour Party had a policy in favour of Irish self-determination, many Irish people considered that it had done little to act on it. A leading Irish trade unionist and secretary of the Irish Labour Party, William X. O'Brien, was interned by Britain for his role in the conflict, and he decided to stand in the by-election as a platform for his cause, and in an attempt to embarrass the British Labour Party into action. On the ballot, he insisted that he was described as the "Irish Republican Workers Party" candidate, even though no such organisation existed.
In Parliament, Joseph Kenworthy called for O'Brien release to contest the by-election, a call supported by Labour candidate Money, citing the example of John Maclean. Home Secretary Edward Shortt rejected this option.
With a total of seven candidates, the Stockport by-election set a new record, not equalled until the South Dorset by-election, 1962 and not beaten until the Walsall North by-election, 1976.
Results.
Greenwood and Fildes achieved a clear victory, their similar tally of votes suggesting that most coalition supporters had indeed voted for both candidates. Money's profile enabled him to take third place, some six thousand votes behind, with Perry further back. The difference in their votes was around 1,500, much of this being explained by the 1,000 voters who had supported Money and O'Brien – very few opting for O'Brien and any other candidate. The Anti-Waste candidates attracted little support, but both were able to beat O'Brien.
Labour were disappointed not to take a seat, particularly as O'Brien's intervention had not taken enough votes to explain their defeat. Perhaps in part as a result of the by-election, they moved their position to more actively support the Irish labour movement.
Greenwood and Fildes both held their seats at the 1922 general election, while O'Brien was elected as TD for Dublin South the same year. Perry was eventually elected as MP for Kettering at the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="9820863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820863" title="Atahensic">
Atahensic

Atahensic (also called Ataensic) is an Iroquois sky goddess that fell to the earth at the time of creation. According to legend, on earth a tree broke and left a hole in the ground leading to the centre of the earth. Atahensic fell from the sky and before falling into the hole left by the tree, she was carried down by the wings of birds. After her fall the birds brought her down the hole onto water. A giant turtle then emerged from the water underground and carried her to the surface on the hole. She then gave birth to Earth Mother. Earth Mother gave birth to Hahgwehdiyu and Hahgwehdaetgah, twin sons. (Good Twin and Evil Twin, Evil twin killed Earth mother by bursting out of her side during child birth.) Atahensic is associated with marriage, childbirth, and feminine endeavors in general.
Hahgwehdiyu put a plant into his mothers lifeless body and from it grew maize as a gift to mankind. Hahgwehdaetgah his twin was an evil spirit.

</doc>
<doc id="9820895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820895" title="Anthony Washington (American football)">
Anthony Washington (American football)

Anthony Wayne Washington (born February 4, 1958 in San Francisco, California) is a former professional American football cornerback for the Washington Redskins and Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. He played college football at Fresno State University and was drafted in the second round of the 1981 NFL Draft. Washington started for the Redskins in Super Bowl XVIII.

</doc>
<doc id="9820904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820904" title="Théo Ysaÿe">
Théo Ysaÿe

Théophile Ysaÿe (; 2 March 1865 – 24 March 1918) was a Belgian composer and pianist, born in Verviers, Belgium. His brother was the violinist and conductor Eugène Ysaÿe.
Biography.
Rather overshadowed throughout his life by the career of his elder brother Eugène, Théo Ysaÿe began amateur studies in music at the Liège Conservatory and, on Eugène's advice, furthered his education in Berlin. In 1885, Ysaÿe returned to Paris, where he joined the "Bande à Franck" but also supported the growth of a new aesthetic movement represented by the impressionism of Claude Debussy. Ysaÿe helped promote the work of the new school of French musicians, in Brussels. In 1894, he and his brother found engagements with the La Libre Esthétique in Brussels, which offered the residents of the city the opportunity to experience a generous range of displays in both music and the plastic arts. Ysaÿe contributed his talents as a pianist and a répétiteur.
Although Ysaÿe was an excellent pianist, his fragile health did not allow him to follow the hectic pace of his brother's career and he instead became a professor at the Genève Conservatory of Music.
In 1918, Théo Ysaÿe died in Nice, France, two days before Debussy. His relatively vast oeuvre has not been published in its entirety, let alone performed as such. His opus 13, 14 and 15 were published by G. Schirmer in New York. He wrote symphonies, piano concertos, symphonic poems, and chamber music, principally, as well as a requiem. While he inherited initially the style of César Franck, his later work revealed a clear influence of impressionism.

</doc>
<doc id="9820906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820906" title="Natyanjali">
Natyanjali

Natyanjali is a composition in bharatanatyam choreographed by Sri V.P.Dhananjayan circa 1968. It is in Raga Mallika, tala Mallika, and praises Ganesha, Saraswati, Vishnu, Shiva, and the Gurus in Sanskrit Slokas, each with different talas and ragas. 
Natyanjali is an annual classical Indian dance festival timed to Shiva Ratri. 
Originally, was introduced at the Chidambaram temple, but nowadays also organized at many other temples in Kumbakonam, Thanjavur, Chennai, Nagapatinam, Mayavaram, Thirunallar, Thiruvanaikoil, etc.
Sri Subramania Samaj, Chembur,Mumbai has also been conducting Natyanjali for the past many years at their temple complex during Mahasivratri. The festival of dance continues for more than ten days and dancers of all styles have been offering their art at the feet of Lord Nataraja. On Sivaratri night senior Gurus, some of them septogenarians, have been performing year after year.
This year, i.e. 2010,the 8th year of Natyanjalimumbai festival will be held from 6 March to 16 March. According to Agamasastras, which is mostly followed by shivite temples, this year's Mahashivaratri falls on 13 March 2010. There will be special poojas at Thruchembur Murugan temple throughout that night. Dance teachers and Gurus of all styles will offer their chosen art form at the feat of Lord Nataraja, from 6.30 pm to 8.30 pm.
Natyanjali denotes to the dance festival at Chidambaram Sri Sabanayagar Temple ( Sri Natarajar temple). Before some 40 years Carnatic music concerts are conducted daily in the 1000 pillar mantap. Legends like Chidambaram S.Jayaraman, Sirkali S.Govindarajan, Sheik Chinnamoulana use to perform voluntarily every day till Thaipoosam. The origin of Natyanjali at Chidambaram was originally initiated at a very simple level by a Muslim( I think his name is Mr.Moideen Bai). He used to teach dance to the young ones from Dheekshidar and families for free of cost. He used to conduct dance programmes in festive days with concepts like "Valli thirumanam" etc. The songs of his own composition were mixed with the famous kirthanas. The Muslim veteran did it as a service without seeking any renumeration therefor and led a very simple life and stood as a pillar for religious integrity. Sri Thirumuruga Krubananda Wariar had many times appreciated the Muslim sadhu. Even I had read an article about him in the HINDU daily during 1982 or 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9820915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820915" title="Route nationale 184">
Route nationale 184

The RN184 is a trunk road (nationale) in France linking Saint-Germain-en-Laye and the A16 near L'Isle-Adam. The road is for much of its course a dual carriageway.
Route.
The road runs through two forests; the Forest of Saint-Germain-en-Laye and the Forest of L'Isle-Adam, it also runs through the built up area of Cergy-Pontoise.
The RN184 is a dual carriageway between Saint-Germain-en-Laye and the "Croix de Noailles", the Étang de Corra and L'Isle-Adam. It is a Limited-access road between Saint-Ouen-l'Aumône and the A16.
It traverses the following communes:

</doc>
<doc id="9820934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820934" title="Doug Martin (defensive end)">
Doug Martin (defensive end)

Doug Martin (born May 22, 1957 in Fairfield, California) is a former professional American football player who was selected by the Minnesota Vikings in the 1st round (9th overall) of the 1980 NFL Draft. A 6'3", 258 lbs. defensive end from the University of Washington, Martin played in 10 NFL seasons from 1980-1989 for the Vikings.

</doc>
<doc id="9820939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820939" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Super G">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Super G

Women's Super G World Cup 1989/1990
Final point standings.
In Women's Super G World Cup 1989/90 all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9820947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820947" title="Dorothée Jemma">
Dorothée Jemma

Dorothée Jemma (born June 13, 1976) is a French voice actress specializing in dubbing. She is the dub voice of Jennifer Aniston, Melanie Griffith and Sheryl Lee.
Biography.
Her father, Jean-Louis Jemma, is best known for the dub voice of Zorro. She originally wanted to be a dancer, but her father turned her towards the world of theater. She started her career as an actress at the age of 16.
Living in the countryside, she enjoys horseback-riding and skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="9820981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820981" title="Miseno">
Miseno

Miseno is one of the "frazioni" of the municipality of Bacoli in the Italian Province of Naples. Known in ancient times as Misenum, it is the site of an ancient port in Campania, in southern Italy.
Geography.
Nearby Cape Miseno marks the northwestern end of the Bay of Naples.
History.
According to mythology, Misenum was named after Misenus, a companion of Hector and trumpeter to Aeneas. Misenus is supposed to have drowned near here after a trumpet competition with the sea-god Triton, as recounted in Virgil's Aeneid.
In 38 BC, Misenum was the site where a short-lived pact was made between Octavian (heir of Julius Caesar, who later became the emperor Augustus), and his rival Sextus Pompeius.
In ancient times, Misenum was the largest base of the Roman navy, since its port ("Portus Julius") was the base of the "Classis Misenensis", the most important Roman fleet. It was first established as a naval base in 27 BC by Marcus Agrippa, the right-hand man of the emperor Augustus.
With its gorgeous natural setting close to the naval base and the nearby important Roman cities of Puteoli and Neapolis, Misenum became the site of Roman luxury villas.
The church of San Sossio stands here.
Notable residents.
It is said to be the birthplace of Saint Sossius, a deacon who was martyred with Proculus of Pozzuoli.
In fiction.
Misenum is one of the main settings in Robert Harris' novel "Pompeii", whose protagonist, Attilius, works as the "aquarius" at the "Piscina Mirabilis" (the terminal reservoir into which the "Aqua Augusta" aqueduct emptied).
In the novel , Misenum is the location of a villa owned by Quintus Arrius later bequeathed to his adopted son Judah Ben-Hur. The Ben-Hur family would later live in Misenum.

</doc>
<doc id="9820987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820987" title="Amarjit Kaypee">
Amarjit Kaypee

Amarjit Kaypee (born 2 October 1960 in Jalandhar, Punjab) is an Indian former cricketer. He was primarily a right-handed batsman, and he held the record for the most runs scored in the Ranji Trophy, India's premier domestic first-class cricket competition for a number of years before Amol Muzumdar took the record in 2009. However, despite his success, he was never selected for the Indian national team, an unfortunate feat he shares with the man who broke his record.
Kaypee began his first-class career with Punjab in the 1980-81 season making his debut against Jammu and Kashmir. Having played a few reasonably good seasons for Punjab, he moved to Haryana in 1986-87. It was here where Kaypee played for the rest of his career and where he found much success.
Kaypee's most successful season was in 1990-91 when he scored 940 runs in the Ranji Trophy, helping Haryana to their first and, to date, only Ranji Trophy title. He was the top run-scorer in the competition that year, and he was named as an "Indian Cricket" Cricketer of the Year. The following season, he had another prolific Ranji Trophy, scoring 812 runs.
He continued to perform consistently well for Haryana for many seasons, and even captained the team in 31 matches. However, he was only twice selected in the North Zone team for the Duleep Trophy, playing two matches each in the 1991-92 and 1992-93 seasons. As result, he tended to be overlooked by the national team selectors, and so never made an appearance for the national side.
In October 2000, Kaypee retired from cricket. He finished his career with a record aggregate of 7623 runs in the Ranji Trophy including 27 centuries.
In the 1990s Kaypee had a spell with Streetly Cricket Club, as their overseas player

</doc>
<doc id="9820997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9820997" title="Willie Drewrey">
Willie Drewrey

Willie Drewrey (born April 28, 1963 in Columbus section of Mansfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for nine seasons for the Houston Oilers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers. 
Drewrey played high school football at Northern Burlington County Regional High School. 
After graduating high school, Drewrey was an electrifying player for the Mountaineers in the early 80s. He was an ace in the return game and a consistent slot receiver. Drewrey found his niche on special teams at the end of his freshman season. Coach Don Nehlen realized he had to get Willie more touches, giving him increased playing time at wide receiver as his career progressed. Drewrey had a monster senior campaign, ranking 3rd in punt returns, 10th in punt return yardage, and 20th in all-purpose yards. He would be named 1st team All-America that year. In all, Drewrey collected 3,508 career all-purpose yards and 9 touchdowns. He still holds the school record for career punt return yardage 1,191. His special teams capabilities earned him a spot in the NFL for 9 seasons with the Buccaneers (in their dreamcicle uniforms) and the Oilers (now the Titans).
References.
http://wvu100countdown.blogspot.com/2012/07/48-willie-drewrey.html?m=1

</doc>
<doc id="9821002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821002" title="Missing (novel series)">
Missing (novel series)

Missing is a series of Japanese light novels by Gakuto Coda, published by MediaWorks under their "Dengeki Bunko" label. The first novel in the series was adapted into a manga, which is being released in English by Tokyopop since August 2007, along with the novels since November 2007. "Missing" is a modern fantasy and horror series involving five high school students dealing with a series of supernatural events. It is based heavily on research into actual folklore, magic, and human psychology.
Characters.
These names are in Japanese naming order, family name first, then given name.
Media.
Light novels.
There are thirteen light novels in the "Missing" series.
Manga.
Three volumes long, adapting the first "Missing" novel, with art by Rei Mutsuki. Tokyopop is publishing the series in English since August 2007.
Reception.
Anime News Network gave the first "Missing" novel a positive review, citing, "Moody atmosphere, engaging characters and folklore-based storyline create a supernatural mystery that's worth solving." However, the reviewer found fault with the exposition heavy midsection. Anime on DVD praised the "surprising amount of depth" and the "intriguing" plot, but had some concerns about the characters.

</doc>
<doc id="9821012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821012" title="San Miguel National High School">
San Miguel National High School

San Miguel National High School is a government-funded secondary educational institution located in the municipality of San Miguel, Bulacan in the Philippines.
History.
San Miguel National High School, formerly San Miguel High School is one of the most active and known school in the province of Bulacan. It is located along Scuala St., Brgy. San Juan, San Miguel, Bulacan. The school opened its first class in the 1946, with a two storey wooden building structured at the main entrance of the campus. After a successful pilot school test, the school land area also increases as famous and generous family of the town donates land for school expansions.
Today, San Miguel National High School caters estimated 6,000-7,000 students coming out majority from the town, and others from its neighboring towns: Candaba, Pampanga; Gapan City, Nueva Ecija; Doña Remedios Trinidad, Bulacan and San Ildefonso, Bulacan.

</doc>
<doc id="9821017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821017" title="Neurokinin B">
Neurokinin B

Neurokinin B is a tachykinin peptide.
It is found in higher concentration in pregnant women suffering pre-eclampsia and can bind the immune-cloaking molecule phosphocholine.

</doc>
<doc id="9821023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821023" title="Humad">
Humad

Humad (or Humbad) is the name of an ancient Jain community originally from Rajasthan, India. Their traditional center is Pratapgarh, Rajasthan, Dungarpur and Sagwada region, often called Vagad (or Raidesh), in Rajasthan.

</doc>
<doc id="9821029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821029" title="L. Hugh Newman">
L. Hugh Newman

Leonard Hugh Newman, (3 February 1909 - 23 January 1993) always known as L. Hugh Newman, was a British entomologist, author and broadcaster. He wrote many popular books on insects, especially butterflies and moths. With Peter Scott and James Fisher, he was a resident member of the team who presented "Nature Parliament" on BBC radio's Children's Hour in the 1950s. He ran a butterfly farm in Kent (which he inherited from his father), supplying among others Sir Winston Churchill, who bought many butterflies for his house at Chartwell. A collection of Newman's entomological photographs is held by the library of the Natural History Museum in London

</doc>
<doc id="9821037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821037" title="Sosius">
Sosius

Sosius can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9821039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821039" title="Mark Mullaney">
Mark Mullaney

Mark Alan Mullaney (born April 30, 1953 in Denver, Colorado) is a former professional American football defensive end in the National Football League. He was selected by the Minnesota Vikings in the 1st round (25th overall) of the 1975 NFL Draft. At 6'6", 246 lbs. from Colorado State University, Mullaney played in 12 NFL seasons from 1975 to 1987 for the Vikings and is 9th on the Vikings all time sack list with 45½ sacks. Mullaney also had 597 tackles and 13 forced fumbles 
Mullaney also holds a place in NFL history as the first NFL Player to wear a helmet shield visor on his face mask, after suffering an eye injury in 1984. In 1986 Mullaney switched to a dark tinted shield, the first player to wear this as well. Dennis Ryan, the Vikings long time equipment manager, helped Mullaney create the shield(s).

</doc>
<doc id="9821053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821053" title="List of tallest structures in the Middle East">
List of tallest structures in the Middle East

This list of tallest structures in the Middle East ranks structures and buildings in the Middle East by height. According to the Council on tall buildings and urban habitat 22 cities in 10 Middle Eastern countries have at least one structure above 150 m. 

</doc>
<doc id="9821069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821069" title="Karl Williams">
Karl Williams

Karl "The Truth" Williams (born April 10, 1971 in Albion, Michigan) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for nine seasons for the Arizona Cardinals and Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He currently plays in the Arena Football League for the Tampa Bay Storm. His nickname was The Truth.
His cousin, Mondray Gee, is an assistant coach in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="9821091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821091" title="Birtha">
Birtha

Birtha (Greek: ) may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9821104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821104" title="Kayenta Airport">
Kayenta Airport

Kayenta Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Kayenta, in Navajo County, Arizona, United States. It is owned by Kayenta Township, which is part of the Navajo Nation. 
This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility. It is one of six airports owned by the Navajo Nation; the other five being Chinle Airport (E91), Tuba City Airport (T03) and Window Rock Airport (RQE) in Arizona, plus Crownpoint Airport (0E8) and Shiprock Airport (5V5) in New Mexico.
Facilities and aircraft.
Kayenta Airport covers an area of 140 acres (57 ha) at an elevation of 5,688 feet (1,734 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 5/23 with an asphalt surface measuring 7,101 by 75 feet (2,164 x 23 m). For the 12-month period ending April 17, 2010, the airport had 2,000 aircraft operations, an average of 166 per month: 75% general aviation and 25% air taxi.

</doc>
<doc id="9821109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821109" title="Andrew Porter">
Andrew Porter

Andrew Porter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9821117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821117" title="2007 BigPond 400">
2007 BigPond 400

The 2007 BigPond 400 is the second round of the 2007 V8 Supercar season. It was held on the weekend of the 23rd to the 25th of March at Barbagallo Raceway in Wanneroo, north of Perth, Western Australia. The round was significant in that John Bowe became the driver with the most round starts in the championship after passing Peter Brock. It was also significant in that it was Paul Radisich's first round after a major crash at Bathurst in 2006.
Qualifying.
Qualifying was held on Saturday the 25th March 2007.
Part 1.
Qualifying started with 30 cars hitting the track instead of the usual 31 after a major accident between Jason Bright and Jason Richards after Bright had an engine failure going through turn 4. He (Bright) pulled towards the short cut to got off the track across the path of Jason Richards. The damage to the Fujitsu Racing car was very extensive, so severe that Bright had to withdraw from the entire round.
Paul Dumbrell was one of ten drivers which didn't make the top twenty due to a linkage breaking off the throttle pedal. Jamie Whincup also had a spin into the gravel trap at turn 6 which prompted the session to be red flagged. Whincup was able to recover to make the next part of qualifying. Other drivers who went off the circuit included Max Wilson and James Courtney.
Part 2.
Session 2 saw Garth Tander set the fastest lap of the session and then sat out for most of the remaining session. The other drivers which were fast in this session were Rick Kelly, Mark Skaife and Todd Kelly. Max Wilson also had another off in this session when he ran wide at turn 7 and through the sand trap.
Part 3.
The final session saw the top ten drivers fight for pole. The session was relatively quiet, however Jamie Whincup went off the track in turn 1 by locking the rear tyres and Will Davison ran off the track at turn four. The final results from qualifying was Garth Tander took pole, from Rick Kelly in second and Craig Lowndes in third.
Race 1.
Race 1 was held on Saturday the 25th March 2007. It started with a relatively smooth start for the first lap, how this did not last long with Cameron McConville tagging John Bowe in turn 4, causing Bowe to go off the track. Over the next couple of laps, Mark Skaife and Craig Lowndes had a major battle over 3rd place, with both drivers changing positions a number of times.
Garth Tander continued to lead the race, until he took his compulsory pit stop on lap 22, allowing his team mate Rick Kelly to take first place. However Rick pitted on the next lap.
After all of the compulsory pit stops were done, Tander came out in first, with Rick Kelly in second and Skaife in third. Todd Kelly and Craig Lowndes continued to battle over fourth position, until on lap 38 when Todd Kelly ran off the track at the first corner and bogged the car in the sand trap. This caused the first safety car of the race. Todd Kelly communicated to the team after the incident that “the brakes had let go, and there was brake fluid throughout the cabin.”
With three laps to go, Max Wilson collided with John Bowe causing Bowe to get beached at corner 7. This didn’t cause a safety car due to the closeness of the end of the race, but rather a localised yellow flag. The race was won by Toll HSV Dealer Team’s Garth Tander with his team mate Rick Kelly second, and HRT’s Mark Skaife in third.
Race 2.
Race 2 was held on Sunday the 26th March 2007. Off the start line, Craig Lowndes was able to get past 3rd place Mark Skaife and raced behind Garth Tander and Rick Kelly. However, on lap 9 Skaife was able to retake 3rd by overtaking Lowndes at turn 6. Lowndes struggled with tyres for the next few laps and pitted as soon as the pit stop window opened.
On lap 21, Cameron McConville was turned around by Steven Richards at the first corner after leaving the pitlane. Team Vodafones’s Jamie Whincup was given a drive through penalty for speeding in the pit lane after not turning on his pit speed limiter. Brad Jones also had a minor off at turn 7 during the second half of the race.
On lap 44, Steve Owen ran off the track at turn 4 after contact with Steven Richards and then crashed into the tyre barriers at turn 7 on the same lap after stating on the radio that he had no brakes. This prompted the first safety car of the race. James Courtney also had engine troubles and retired from the race on the same lap.
Following the restart, Tander went on to win the race, with Rick Kelly in second and Skaife in third.
Race 3.
Race 3 was held on Sunday the 26 March 2007. The race saw a close fight between both Toll HSV Dealer Team cars and Mark Skaife. The race saw James Courtney have a large crash after steering failure going through the turn 3 complex of the track. This caused his retirement on the 28th lap.
Overall Garth Tander won the race from his team mate Rick Kelly with Mark Skaife in third. This gave Tander not only the round win, but also the clean sweep of taking pole position as well as all three race wins.
In-Car Camera Coverage.
The six cars carrying cameras at this round were those of Rick Kelly, Mark Skaife, Russell Ingall, Jamie Whincup, Max Wilson and Paul Dumbrell.

</doc>
<doc id="9821163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821163" title="Rädda Barnen">
Rädda Barnen

Rädda Barnen (Save the Children Sweden) is the name of the Swedish section of the "Save the Children International".
The Swedish section was founded on November 19, 1919 by Ellen Palmstierna (chairman) together with writer Elin Wägner and Gerda Marcus (both active board members).

</doc>
<doc id="9821165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821165" title="Darryl Pollard">
Darryl Pollard

Darryl Pollard (born May 11, 1964 in Ellsworth, Maine) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for seven seasons in the National Football League. 
Started for three years at Weber State University(1983–1985)...Led the Wildcats with four interceptions as a senior earning all-conference honors and was rated as the 24th defensive cornerback in the NCAA to be drafted in the NFL 1986 draft. He came to Weber State as a running back but was moved to cornerback prior to his sophomore season...Played wide receiver and return specialist at William Mitchell High School in Colorado Springs, Colorado...Included among his hobbies are golf, basketball, reading and spending time with family and friends...His listed highlights are two Super Bowl Championships, 1988, 1989 and playing on undefeated High School Colorado State Championship team in 1981.
Pro Career.
Timeline: Pollard was originally signed by Seattle Seahawks (5/3/86) as a free agent but was waived on (8/19/86). He was signed during the next offseason by San Francisco 49ers on (4/10/87), released on (8/31/87) and then re-signed on (9/24/87) for the replacement games. After being waived on (10/24/87) he was re-signed (8/3/88), released (8/23/88), re-signed (8/25/88) and released (8/27/88). He was finally signed again on (9/15/88) and was with the San Francisco 49ers organization for five years before being placed on waivers on (8/31/92). The Tampa Bay Buccaneers claimed Pollard off wavers on (9/1/92).
1987 Started left corner in the three replacement games with 12 tackles and four pass defections.
1988 Waived and re-signed twice before making San Francisco 49ers roster for good..Played in 14 games, part of the core special teams and playing in nickel and dime defense...23 tackles and four pass defections...Also played in all post season games... Made alert recovery of John Taylor's fumble of a punt return in Super Bowl XXIII (1/22/89) vs. Cincinnati.
1989 Opened season as the San Francisco 49ers new starting left cornerback, earning his first NFL start at Tampa Bay Buccaneers (9/17)... Went on to start 14 games and play in 16... Recorded career highs in tackles (79), solo tackles (75) and passes defensed (12)... Also led the team with 22 special team stops... Had four tackles and his first NFL interceptions vs. New England Patriots (10/22)... Established a career high with 11 solo tackles vs. New Orleans Saints (11/6)...Contributed seven tackles and three passes defensed in the NFC Divisional Playoff game vs. Minnesota (1/6/90)...Started in Super Bowl XXIV with one recorded sack against John Elway (1/28/90) win over Denver 55 - 10.
1990 Started all 16 games for San Francisco 49ers at left cornerback and had 74 stops (72 Solo), nine passes defensed, one interception and one fumble recovery...Turned in a critical play at New Orleans(9/10) Monday Night halting a New Orleans Saints drive in the end zone with his second career interception...Also came up big vs. other divisional rival, Atlanta Falcons, making six tackles and recovering a fumble...Instrumental in 49ers key late-season victory over New York Giants (12/3), notching seven tackles and three passes defensed, including a crucial knockdown on a fourth-down goal-line play...Hurt giants again in the NFC Championship game (1/20/91) with six tackles and two passes defensed...Helped 49ers past Washington Redskins in previous round of playoffs with six tackles and an interception.
1991 Spent entire season on injured reserved after breaking his left ankle in the first half of a preseason game at Seattle (8/23).
1992 Played in all 16 games as a cornerback, nickel back and special teamer for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers...Started against the Detroit Lions(9/27)and the Indianapolis Colts (10/4) when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers opened in extra defensive back sets...Added a career-high two interceptions to 26 tackles (21 solos)...Snagged third career interception and pitched in with six tackles against the Minnesota Vikings (9/20)...Followed with fourth interception of career against Chicago Bears (10/18), returning it 75 yards to set up a Buccaneer touchdown...Interception return at Chicago was the longest by a Buccaneer in 11 years, the third-longest in team history and the longest by a Buccaneer that did not score a touchdown... Contributed four special teams tackles.
1993 Spent entire season on injured reserved after being diagnosed with herniated disk in his neck after preseason game against Denver Broncos (8/7)...Career ending injury... retired 1994.
1995 Darryl joined the Arena Football League signing a one-year contract with the San Jose Sabercats as a Defensive back and Wide receiver. Darryl is the District Production Sales Manager in Northern California for Océ North America, Inc. and resides in San Francisco, California.
2009 Darryl and other former 49er teammates (Guy McIntyre, Ray Wershing and Steve Bono) participate in a 49ers VISA Signature Day Football Fantasy Camp. He and other teammates allowed several lucky individuals to participate in football drills on the teams practice field in Santa Clara, Ca.

</doc>
<doc id="9821224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821224" title="Enigma tornado outbreak">
Enigma tornado outbreak

The 1884 Enigma outbreak is thought to be among the largest and most widespread tornado outbreaks in American history, striking on February 19–20, 1884.
As the precise number of tornadoes as well as fatalities incurred during the outbreak are unknown, the nickname "Enigma outbreak" has come to be associated with the storm. Nonetheless, an inspection of newspaper reports and governmental studies published in the aftermath reveals tornadoes (or more likely — long-track tornado families) striking Alabama, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia, with an estimation of at least 50 tornadoes. Some events counted as tornadoes in initial studies such as those by John Park Finley were downbursts, especially in northern and northeastern portions of the outbreak.
The majority of reported tornado activity was seen across Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina, which were all struck severely by multiple waves of tornado families. In the Southeast, the outbreak began during the late morning in Mississippi, preceded by severe thunderstorms in Louisiana. Shortly thereafter, the outbreak widened and intensified, progressing from Alabama to Virginia between noon and midnight.
Elsewhere, wind damage, flash flood (with homes swept away by water in Louisville, Kentucky, New Albany, Indiana, and Jeffersonville, Indiana and other towns along the Ohio River) and derecho-like effects in the Ohio Valley were also reported in published accounts of the outbreak. Blizzard conditions occurred in the eastern Midwest.
According to an article appearing in the Statesville (NC) "Landmark" three days later, the damage tally in Georgia alone was estimated to be $1 million, in 1884 dollars. Tabulations from 1884 estimate a total of $3–4 million in tornado damage (with an unknown amount of flood and other damage), with 10,000 structures destroyed.
Polkton / Ansonville tornado.
This was the first of a number of destructive North Carolina storms. Detailed coverage in a newspaper in Wadesboro, NC provides an unusually (by 19th century standards) precise survey of the movement and damage produced by three of those storms in the southern piedmont region of NC.
This storm first formed in southeastern Union County, from a supercell that had produced significant damage in South Carolina earlier. Most of the path of this storm was in rural areas, with injuries and major damage along Beaverdam Creek, south of Marshville in Union County, and along Brown Creek in Anson County, northeast of Polkton.
Significant damage also occurred in and around the towns of Polkton and Ansonville, where structures in both towns were widely damaged, with homes and farm buildings destroyed south of Ansonville. A total of four people were killed. Eyewitnesses in Polkton noted that the storm ""crossed the railroad about a mile east of Polkton last night prostrating everything in its course. Could see the storm from Polkton by lightning, looked like a cloud of dense smoke and sounded like thunder. Hail stones measuring 2½ inches long, 1½ inches wide and one inch thick fell"."
Homes also destroyed near Pekin, in Montgomery County.
Pioneer Mills tornado.
This storm was preceded and followed by a wide area of downburst damage - with scattered areas of damage to farms and small structures reported across a wide area of southern Cabarrus County, eastern Mecklenburg County (NE of Mint Hill) and the Goose Creek area of northwestern Union County.
The first tornado-specific damage occurred in the Pioneer Mills community between Harrisburg and Midland in Cabarrus County, where a mill was destroyed and estimated F2 damage was inflicted upon several residences. Storm passed within two miles (3 km) of Albemarle; little damage was recorded elsewhere in Stanly County. Several poorly constructed buildings were destroyed along the Uwharrie River in Montgomery County, and damage to farms was widespread in the county. One person was killed. Downburst damage continued to SW of Asheboro.
Rockingham tornado.
Spawned late in the outbreak, the storm which swept from Anson to Harnett Counties in North Carolina passed through the Rockingham area, and became the deadliest tornado in recorded North Carolina history. This storm first touched down east of the town of McFarlan, in southeastern Anson County. The storm produced little damage in Anson County.
Tracking to the northeast, it crossed the Pee Dee River into Richmond County, and produced sporadic damage until just southeast of Rockingham. Extreme damage to pine forests was first noted just south of town. Strengthening considerably, the storm swept through the southeast edge of Rockingham, where large homes were destroyed to their foundations, and large hardwood trees were snapped at ground level. The Philadelphia Church community (presently on US Highway 1, 3 miles northeast of downtown Rockingham) was devastated, with most of the poorly constructed dwellings in the community completely destroyed. The storm had widened to nearly 1 mile in width at this point.
The storm then tracked through what is now the town of Hoffman, before entering Moore County. Severe damage was again seen in the community of Manly (presently at the northeast corner of the city of Southern Pines). The storm then curved slightly to the east, dissipating into a wide area of downburst damage near the community of Johnsonville. A total of 23 people were killed.
An unusually detailed accounting of the storm's passage through Richmond County, NC was provided two days later: a local resident undertook an informal, but detailed survey of the damage produced by the storm, and this account was published in an Anson County (NC) newspaper. This accounting establishes a steady SW-to-NE movement through the county, with a number of buildings - sharecropper cabins, large homes, and a mill - swept away along the path. As the storm passed SE of downtown Rockingham, it may have peaked in intensity; it was noted that all structures along a segment of the path (beginning at this point) were destroyed. The surveyor noted a path width of to , with the most extreme damage (and most deaths) in the Philadelphia Church community. The surveyor noted that:
"Trees were taken up by the roots and hurled with fearful rapidity through the air and those not uprooted had all the bark taken off. The scene after the storm, particularly the position of the prostrate trees, indicated a convergence toward the center, as if a vacuum was created there and the wind rushed in from either side to fill it".
A second, detailed survey of the path was made 10 days later by J.A. Holmes; his findings were published in the Elisha Mitchell Scientific Society journal for 1884.
Eyewitnesses reported large hail and intense lightning displays preceding the storm. Moving to the northeast, away from Rockingham, the storm also produced severe damage in the Keyser and Manly communities, along the southeast edge of Moore County.

</doc>
<doc id="9821237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821237" title="Michael Walter (American football)">
Michael Walter (American football)

Michael David Walter (born November 30, 1960 in Salem, Oregon) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League for eleven seasons for the San Francisco 49ers and the Dallas Cowboys.
Early years.
At Sheldon High School (Eugene, Oregon) he focused on basketball, playing just one year of football. He attended the University of Oregon where he was used as a linebacker, before being moved to defensive end as a sophomore. As a senior he was the team captain for the 1982 season and also played in the east East–West Shrine Game.
Professional career.
Dallas Cowboys.
Walter was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the second round of the 1983 NFL Draft, with the intention of converting him to an outside linebacker. In his new position he struggled covering the pass, so he wasn't used often. The next year he was waived at the end of training camp, after the Cowboys drafted four linebackers in the 1984 NFL Draft.
San Francisco 49ers.
Walter was claimed by the San Francisco 49ers who moved him to inside linebacker, as the backup of Jack “Hacksaw” Reynolds.
In 1985 he became a starter, showing the versatility to play 3 downs and also special teams. He would go on to have a 10-year career with the 49ers and lead the team in tackles in three consecutive seasons: 1987 (94), 1988 (97) and 1989 (103).
He retired at the end of the 1993 season, after winning three Super Bowls and playing 11 years in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="9821238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821238" title="Jolene (band)">
Jolene (band)

Jolene is an alternative rock band based in North Carolina. Often described as alt-country, the band despises the term, and refuses to be labeled as such. They can otherwise be described as a rock band with country music inflections.
History.
After discovering a cassette copy of R.E.M.'s "Fables of the Reconstruction", John Crooke was inspired to form a band with his cousin Dave Burris, and two long-time friends, Mike Kennerly and Mike Mitschele. After touring for six months, Jolene was spotted at a show in Nashville and signed to Memphis-based independent label Ardent Records, where they recorded their debut LP, "Hell's Half Acre", released in 1996.
Jolene signed with the major label Sire Records eighteen months later. With Sire, they released their second LP "In The Gloaming" in 1998. The band expanded to a five-piece during this time, with the addition of multi-instrumentalist Rodney Lanier. 
In 1998 Jolene supported Hootie & the Blowfish on their final UK tour, playing the last show on October 31, at the Shepherd's Bush Empire, London.
In 1999, Jolene joined Blue Rose Records, and released two albums on that label.
John Crooke and Dave Burris are currently involved with the LA-based band Lamps.
Lanier died on December 9, 2011, from cancer, at the age of 44.

</doc>
<doc id="9821273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821273" title="Table-book">
Table-book

A table-book is a manuscript or printed book which is arranged so that all the parts of a piece of music can be read from it while seated around a table. They were made in the 16th and 17th century for both instrumental and vocal pieces. They are an extension of the idea of Choir books, in which all parts are displayed on one page, in contrast with partbooks, which have a different book for each part (one book for all the soprano parts, another for all the altos, etc.) and each performer has their own book. 
The first example of such a book is probably "Le parangon des chansons" (1538) by Jacques Moderne of Lyon. There are far more English than Continental examples of this type of book. English sources contain many lute pieces and works by John Dowland, including his "Lachrimae". 
The books began displaying duets, and later quartets. Later systems of displaying parts worked for up to six performers, and in extreme cases as many as 12. 
The publisher Peter Short published 30 lute song books in the table-book format, many of them containing Dowland's music, beginning in 1597. 

</doc>
<doc id="9821281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821281" title="Villanova Wildcats">
Villanova Wildcats

The Villanova Wildcats is the name of the athletic teams of Villanova University. They compete in the Big East (NCAA Division I) for every sport except football, where they compete in the Colonial Athletic Association (Football Championship Subdivision, formerly Division I-AA). On December 15, 2012, Villanova and the other six Catholic, non-FBS schools announced that they were departing the Big East for a new conference. This conference assumed the Big East name on July 1, 2013.
Men's basketball.
The Villanova Wildcats compete in the Big East Basketball Conference and are coached by Jay Wright. 
Coach Wright has took the Wildcats to 10 consecutive postseasons including 7 consecutive trips (2005–2011) to the NCAA Tournament. The 2011-12 team struggled and missed postseason but Coach Wright brought a surprising young team back to the 2013 NCAA Tournament. 
Villanova has appeared in the NIT 17 times, winning in 1994, and won the Big East Tournament in 1995. The Wildcats joined the Big East for the 1981 season.
The Villanova Wildcats have appeared in the NCAA Men's Tournament 32 times, the 8th highest total in NCAA history have reached the Elite Eight 12 times. 
They have been to the Final Four of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship on four occasions. The 1939 team coached by Al Severance reached the inaugural NCAA Final Four played at the Palestra for the 1939 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. All-American Howard Porter led a Wildcat team coached by Jack Kraft to Final Four of the 1971 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. Coach Rollie Massimino took Villanova to the amazing 1985 National Championship. Current Coach Jay Wright reached the Final Four at the 2009 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament behind Dante Cunningham and Scottie Reynolds.
Villanova won the 1985 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament with a historic 66-64 win over top-seeded Georgetown. 
The eighth-seeded Wildcats (unranked in the final AP poll) beat Dayton (at Dayton), top-seeded Michigan, Maryland and second-seeded North Carolina to win the Southeast Regional en route to the Final Four in Lexington, Kentucky. After defeating 2-seed Memphis State in the national semifinals, Villanova met defending champion and ten-point-favorite Georgetown, led by Patrick Ewing, in the title game on April 1, 1985. 
The Wildcat squad remains the lowest overall seed in tournament history to win the championship, and their overall team shooting percentage of 78.6% remains an NCAA tournament record for a single game. This Championship Game is often cited among the greatest upsets in college basketball history. Ed Pinckney, who shot 5-of-7 and had 16 points in the game, was named the NCAA Tournament's Most Outstanding Player.
Women's basketball.
The Villanova Wildcats women's basketball team are coached by Harry Perretta, now serving his 34th year as head coach of the team. They play their home games in The Pavilion on the Villanova campus. The Women's basketball program started in 1969 and played under CIAW and AIAW through 1981-82 season before moving to NCAA Division I. In the 81-82 season, the Wildcats posted an outstanding 29-4 record and reached the Final Four of the 1982 AIAW Women's Basketball Tournament before losing to eventual National Champion, Rutgers. 
Through the 2009-10 season, the Villanova Women have a 669-413 alltime record since the program started in 1969. Previous head coaches include Liz Cawley (1969–70), Jane Sefranek-Stoltz (1970–75) and Joan King (1975–78). 
The 1982-83 season was the initial season for Villanova Women's basketball to play NCAA Division I and they joined the Big East Conference that same season. Villanova was the Big East regular season and tournament champions in both 1985-86 and 1986-87 behind All-American Shelly Pennefather.
During the 2008-09 season, Coach Perretta led the Wildcats to the NCAA Tournament for the ninth time in his Villanova career. This marked the ninth postseason appearance in the previous 10 years for the Wildcats. After playing in the 2000 WNIT, Villanova went to four consecutive NCAA Tournaments from 2001-2004 before playing in the WNIT in 2005, 2006 and 2008. 
The 2002-03 season was a special one for the Wildcats. In addition to an impressive 28-6 overall record and a 12-4 Big East Conference mark, the Wildcats won their third Big East Conference Tournament championship and first since 1987 with an improbable 52-48 upset over previously unbeaten Connecticut. The win snapped Connecticut's then NCAA Division I women's basketball record of 70-straight victories and ended Connecticut's streak of nine-straight conference tournament championships.
The dean of the Big East and Big 5 coaches, Harry Perretta has brought the Wildcats national respect and success during his tenure at Villanova which began in 1978 at the age of 22. Coach Perretta reached a coaching milestone on November 12, 2011 with a win over Iona, representing the 600th win of his career. He is the 35th coach in the history of women's basketball at any level to reach the 600 win plateau, including the 22nd to accomplish the feat at the Division I level. Perretta is only the seventh NCAA Division I coaches to have 600 victories all at one school. On February 8, 2012, Perretta reached another milestone as he became the seventh coach across all NCAA divisions to coach 1,000 games at the same institution. 
Perretta was named the 2009 Big East Conference Co-Coach of the Year. That was the third time in his career that he has garnered Big East Coach of the Year distinction. He has led the Wildcats to fourteen seasons of 20 wins or more. Since joining the Big East in 1982, Perretta has compiled a 200-175 conference record through 2010.
Shelly Pennefather, was recognized in 1987 as the nation's top women's college basketball player, winning the Margaret Wade Trophy and earning Kodak All-America honors. Pennefather was the first 3-time winner of the Big East Conference Women's Basketball Player of the Year. She is the all-time leading scorer in the history of Villanova basketball with 2408 points. Pennefather was named the best Colorado Girls High school player of all-time and led Bishop Machebeuf Catholic High School to a 96-0 record and 3 State Championships.
Football.
The Wildcats compete in the Colonial Athletic Association and are coached by Andy Talley who is the winningest football coach in school history with a 190-117-1 (.617) record. 
Since moving to I-AA, Villanova has made 9 appearances in the I-AA/FCS playoffs making trips to the NCAA Semifinal in 2002 and 2010 and winning the 2009 FCS National Championship. The Wildcats played in the NCAA Division I Football Championship game on December 18, 2009 against the University of Montana Grizzlies. The Wildcats beat the Grizzlies 23–21 to win their first NCAA Division I-AA National Championship.
Villanova played in bowl games following the 1936, 1947, 1948, 1961, and 1962 college football seasons. After 87 seasons, the Board of Trustees voted to drop Football in April 1981 due to financial losses and poor attendance. 
In April, 1984, the Board of Trustess agreed to reinstate Football at a lower level and Villanova began playing football again in Fall of 1985 under Head Coach Andy Talley. The program began competing in Division I-AA (now Division I FCS) level during the 1988 season.
Villanova football has sent 36 players to the NFL over the years including Hall of Fame defensive end Howie Long, formerly of the Oakland Raiders and All-Pro running back Brian Westbrook of the Philadelphia Eagles.
Villanova plays the University of Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens in the "Battle of the Blue". Villanova leads the all-time series which was first played in 1895 by the margin of 23-21-1. 
The Wildcats have a current four-year series where they will play Temple University Owls for the Philadelphia "Mayor's Cup". Villanova won the inaugural game in September 2009 but dropped the next two games to the FBS school. Villanova still leads the all-time series that started in 1928 by the margin of 16-14-2. 
The Wildcats also play University of Pennsylvania Quakers in most recent seasons with many of the games held at historic Franklin Field. The series was first played in 1905 and Villanova has an 11-5 lead.
There has been some discussion regarding a potential promotion to the Football Bowl Subdivision and into the Big East in which they already participate for all other Sports. 
In September 2010, the Big East informally spoke with Villanova about joining for football. The school conducted several feasibility studies but a scheduled April 12, 2011 Board of Trustees vote was never taken after several Big East Football schools objected to their use of PPL Park as an unacceptable venue for future games. The stadium currently holds only 18,500 but is expandable at the discretion of the Philadelphia Union soccer organization.
Men's lacrosse.
The Villanova Wildcats men's lacrosse team represents Villanova University in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I men's lacrosse. Villanova currently competes as a member of the Big East Conference and plays their home games at Villanova Stadium in Villanova, Pennsylvania.
Coach Michael Corrado has taken the team to its only two NCAA appearances in history during his 6 year tenure and the school is poised for greater success in upcoming seasons.
Villanova rose as high as #7 ranking and qualified for an at-large bid in the 2011 NCAA Tournament where they lost to the University of Denver in the first round. During the regular season, the Wildcats drew over 6500 fans to a Big East match-up with Syracuse setting a new on-campus record for Lacrosse. Brian Karalunas became the first USILA First Team All-American in Villanova history.
The 2004 team finished 13-3 playing against the stiff competition of the CAA.
Track and field.
Villanova University's Track and field team has a history of athletic success that has spanned from Big East Conference Championships to NCAA Championships.
The men's team has produced 69 NCAA championships, 36 indoor and 33 outdoor. The team has had 8 NCAA team championships—4 cross country, 3 indoor ('68, '71, '79), 1 outdoor ('57). Prior to NCAA sponsoring Indoor T&F in 1965, Villanova won 6 ICAAAA Indoor T&F Championships ('57, '58, '60, '62, '63, '64). 
Villanova has produced 28 athletes who have made appearances in the Olympics, 10 of whom have medaled (7 Gold medals, 3 Silver medals). The men's team has also won 112 Penn Relays Championships, which stands as the most wins by any school. 
The men's current coaches include head coach, Marcus O'Sullivan, and assistant head coach, Anthony Williams.
The women's team has also had a multitude of success, producing 10 Big East team Championships and 7 NCAA team Championships. They have also produced 7 Olympians including Vicki Huber, Sonia O'Sullivan, Kim Certain, Kate Fonshell, Jen Rhines, Carmen Douma, and Carrie Tollefson. 
The Women's team has won 28 Penn Relays Championships, which is the most wins by any women's program. 
The current women's coaches include head coach, Gina Procaccio, and assistant head coach, Anthony Williams.
At least one Villanova athlete has competed in every Summer Olympics since 1948, winning a total of 13 medals (9 gold, 4 silver).
Cross country.
Villanova Men's and Women's Cross Country teams have a successful history of Big East Conference and NCAA National Championships. Villanova won both the Men's and Women's Big East Cross Country Team Titles in 2011.
The 2011 women's Cross Country team finished as national runner-up led by Sheila Reid individual title. In 2010 and 2009, the women's cross country team won the NCAA Women's Cross Country Championship under Coach Gina Procaccio. The 2010 victory was led by individual national champion Sheila Reid of Villanova who repeated her NCAA individual crown in 2011.
The Wildcats hold the NCAA Division I record for the most NCAA Team and Individual Women's Cross Country Champions with 9 NCAA Team Championships ('89, '90, '91, '92, '93, '94, '98, '09, '10) and 9 NCAA individual champions, 7 of which coincided.
NCAA Individual Cross Country Champions
The 2011 Villanova Men's Cross Country team finished 13th in the Team competition at NCAA meet. 
Villanova has won 4 NCAA Men's Cross Country Team Championships covering 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1970.
NCAA Individual Cross Country Champions 
Swimming and diving.
In its history, Villanova Swimming and Diving has produced several Olympians. Most recently Maddy Crippen competed in the 400m individual medley at the 2000 Olympics. At the 2008 Olympics, Villanova was represented by Kristina Lennox-Silva. Lennox competed for Puerto Rico and swam the 400m freestyle and 200m butterfly.
Conference realignment.
In December 2012 the presidents of seven Big East schools which do not sponsor FBS football (also sometimes referred to as the "Catholic 7"), including Villanova, voted unanimously to leave the Big East and form a new conference. The new conference, which kept the Big East name, officially began on July 1, 2013.
Notable non varsity sports.
Rugby.
The Villanova Rugby Football Club regained its official sanctioning by the University in 2010, after losing this status and being classified as a recreational sport during the 1990s. The college rugby team has been able to develop a roster of over 70 players, due in part to the growing popularity of rugby at the high school level, and the Wildcats are supported by a network of rugby alumni that contribute towards the cost of the rugby program. The Wildcats are led by head coach Larry McManus.
The Wildcats will play at the 2013 Collegiate Rugby Championship, the highest profile competition in college rugby, broadcast live on NBC from PPL Park in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="9821302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821302" title="Area boys">
Area boys

Area boys (also known as "Agberos") are loosely organized gangs of street children and teenagers, composed mostly of males (but with a few females), who roam the streets of Lagos, Nigeria. They extort money from passers-by, sell illegal drugs, act as informal security guards, and perform other "odd jobs" in return for compensation. The groups are based in Lagos Island, a Local Government Area in Lagos and the most urbanised part of Nigeria.
Demographics.
Area boys, who are largely Yoruba, have existed in the city since the early 1980s. However, under various names, types of Area Boys have been traced back to the 1920s. In 2007, the total number of area boys in Lagos was estimated at over 35,000 by a member of the Lagos State Judiciary; as of 1996, the number of them operating on Lagos Island alone was placed around 1,000. A 1996 study of area boys on Lagos Island by Abubakar Momoh showed that only 26.4% of area boys were from Lagos State; Ogun State (22.6%), Kwara State (14.2%), and Oyo State (14.1%) all produced more than 10% of respondents. Most were between twelve and thirty-five years old.
Asked whether they were "proud" to be area boys, 18% of respondents said yes, while 75% said no (7% did not respond).
Tactics and targets.
A United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) 2001 report on Nigeria described the impact of the gang members as such:
The coercive and persuasive requests, petty crimes and sometimes violent offences by the so-called "area boys" to acquire resources, generally cash in the urban main business and crowded areas, have disturbed the civil society and defied the civic authority. Drug abuse among them has been variously reported as the cause of delinquent behaviour and crime.
Extortion.
One of the methods the groups use for extortion is to surround pedestrians, drivers, and passengers in vehicles, which are stuck in traffic, and force them to pay (for some actual or pretended service) before letting them go. To aid in collecting money during traffic jams, the area boys place nails in the road and dig up the streets. When the streets are flooded, however, they also aid motorists in avoiding ditches and pot holes.
According to Momoh, much of the extortion from Igbo merchants by area boys is instigated by Lagos landlords, indigenous inhabitants of the city.
Illegal drug sale.
Among the area boys are both sellers and users of illegal drugs; this drug use has been fingered as the cause of further crime. Momoh states "most of them use drugs (cocaine, heroin, marijuana, etc.) either as occasional users or addicts, or as peddlers." (Of 77 respondents to Momoh's survey, 12.2% dealt drugs, while 60.3% were addicts themselves.) Sale of drugs takes place both in Nigeria and abroad, and sales abroad have earned a small percentage of the sellers significant amounts of money.
Groups of area boys have been known to raid rival, Igbo drug sellers based in Central Lagos.
Notable incidents involving area boys.
During the Hausa-Yoruba riots in Lagos in 2000, where thousands of Hausa fled to military barracks and nearly 100 people died, area boys took advantage of the chaos and joined in the mayhem, throwing glass and bottles at shops.
In May 2005, after a Nigerian soldier was assaulted and stabbed by several area boys he had tried to prevent from taking money from a bus driver (bus drivers are favored targets of the gang), the military began a crackdown against the group. Following this, the group's activity was noted to be in decline. However, at the Mile 12 Market, (also in Lagos), soldiers were reported to work hand in hand with gang members as late as 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9821331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821331" title="Rufus Porter (American football)">
Rufus Porter (American football)

Rufus Porter (born May 18, 1965 in Amite, Louisiana) is a former professional American football linebacker in the NFL for the Seattle Seahawks, New Orleans Saints, and Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
College career.
He played at the University of Southern.
Professional career.
Seattle Seahawks.
He played for team from 1988-1994. He went to two Pro Bowls and one All-Pro during his tenure.
New Orleans Saints.
He played for team for two seasons.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
He played his last year with the team.
Personal.
Porter's son, Rufus Jr. played Linebacker for Louisiana Tech University. Porter is presently operating the nonprofit organization 8to80 that focuses on building healthy lives in the Baton Rouge area.

</doc>
<doc id="9821357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821357" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom

Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 1989/1990
Final point standings.
In Women's Giant Slalom World Cup 1989/90 all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9821364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821364" title="Southern Brook lamprey">
Southern Brook lamprey

The southern brook lamprey ("Ichthyomyzon gagei") is a lamprey found in the Southern United States including Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Georgia. It is a jawless fish with a sucking mouth on one end of it (like a leech.) It can appear to be a small eel, since it is rarely longer than 1 feet in length.
The southern brook lamprey is a non-parasitic fish native to distinctive aquatic habitats in North America which must be protected in order for this species to continue to thrive. This paper incorporates strategies aimed at protecting the distinct microhabitats of "I. gagei" from human interference, including pollution and habitat degradation. "I. gagei" inhabits a geographic area stretching from southern Mississippi, Georgia, and Florida along the Gulf Coast west to Oklahoma and Texas and have been reported as far north as Minnesota and Wisconsin. "I. gagei" inhabits specific types of microhabitats at different morphological phases of its life cycle which consists of two distinct stages. During the larval stage, "I. gagei" are most often found burrowed into fine sandy creek substrate, but are also occasionally found burrowed among dense clusters of leaves or other aquatic vegetation. Ammocoetes, or larval stage lampreys, feed on diatoms and other organic particles collected mainly off the substrate. "I. gagei" larvae typically undergo metamorphosis after 3 years; however, some ammocoetes stay in the larval stage for an additional year. Following metamorphosis from the larval stage, the adult stage is reached. During this phase, "I. gagei" does not eat; rather, it obtains energy from stored fat reserves collected as ammocoetes and also migrates from slow moving streams to faster moving water with slightly larger pebbles as opposed to fine sandy substrate. This fasting behavior continues until spawning during which adult lampreys come together from late April to early May and spawn in habitats consisting of small, shallow ripples with 17-21°C water. Although "I." "gagei" populations have been found to be generally stable, due to the strict habitat requirements during each phase of its life cycle, the quality of each of these habitats must be preserved in order to ensure that the specific niche filled by the southern brook lamprey is protected. 
Geographic Distribution.
The southern brook lamprey occurs in slow moving rivers and streams from Florida to southern Mississippi, Georgia, and Arkansas along the Gulf Coast west to Oklahoma and Texas. The southern brook lamprey ranges as far north as Minnesota and Wisconsin. Specifically, southern brook lamprey have been reported to occur in the Chattahoochee river system and the Conecuh river system in Alabama, the Sabine river system in Texas and Louisiana, the Illinois river system in Oklahoma, and the Neches river system in Texas. The southern brook lamprey was thought to be restricted to the southern United States; however, Becker observed southern brook lamprey in Wisconsin in 1983. The southern brook lamprey has also been reported to occur as far north as the Spruce river and the Tamarac river in Wisconsin and Minnesota. Unpublished findings have also shown that the southern brook lamprey inhabits tributaries of Choctawhatchee Bay and the Ochlockonnee river system in Florida, the Chattahoochee river system in Georgia, and the Trinity and San Jacinto river systems in Texas.
Ecology.
The diet of the southern brook lamprey changes as it undergoes metamorphosis during its life cycle from one phase to the next. The diet of larval southern brook lamprey consists mainly of organic detritus. Studies that focused on closely related lamprey species ("I. fossor") found that the stomach contents of larval lampreys contained 97.9% organic detritus, 2.12% algae, and 0.09% bacteria. After metamorphosis into the adult phase, southern brook lampreys do not feed but rely on stored fat reserves accumulated during the larval stage for energy and nutrients. Studies have found that the digestive tract of the southern brook lamprey actually shrinks and becomes functionally useless as larval lampreys enter the adult stage. The southern brook lamprey encounters a wide range of predators in its natural habitat. The eggs of adult lampreys are preyed on by various species of fish and crayfish. Southern brook lampreys in the larval stage serve as prey for a wide range of fish and bird species. Adult forms of the Southern brook lamprey are preyed upon by larger fish species such as the Northern pike ("E. lucius"), perch species, the European chub ("S. cephalus"), and the mudpuppy ("N. maculosus"). The southern brook lamprey shares similar habitats and resources with many species of shiners ("Notropis"), the longnose dace ("Rhinichthys cataractae"), Johnny darters ("Etheostoma" "nigrum"), and mottled sculpins ("Cottus bairdi").
Life History.
The southern brook lamprey's life cycle consists of two main stages: larval and adult. During the larval stage, the southern brook lamprey inhabits a distinct micro habitat involving relatively slow moving water and a sandy substrate. The consistency of the substrate is vitally important to the Southern brook lamprey because during the larval stage, the southern brook lamprey burrows into the substrate using its oral disk as an anchor. The southern brook lamprey secretes mucous from its body to form a tube leading to the entrance of the burrow and to provide support for the burrow. The formation of this larval burrow relies on the composition and size of the substrate available. The combination of both small and large particles and coarse and fine sand grains allow the southern brook lamprey to construct a suitable burrow that allows enough water to flow through the burrow to ensure proper respiration. The substrate in which larval southern brook lamprey burrow must not contain too many fine silt and clay particles as this would inhibit respiration while too many particles of coarse sand would hinder proper burrow construction. The larval stage is complete after approximately three years. Following the larval stage, the southern brook lamprey undergoes metamorphosis into the adult form. Adult southern brook lamprey are found in crevices and cracks between large rocks in deeper, faster moving water than the habitat occupied during the larval stage. After completing the metamorphosis to adults, southern brook lampreys come together in groups to spawn and, once spawning is complete, the adults die. Spawning usually occurs between April and May and takes place in another distinct microhabitat consisting of shallow riffle areas with rocky substrate with a water temperature falling between 17°C to 21°C. Fecundity of the southern brook lamprey averages between 800 and 2500 oocytes. Human factors have been found to influence the available habitat for spawning southern brook lampreys. Southern brook lampreys have been recorded using shallow areas under bridges as spawning grounds possibly to help conceal spawning aggregations from visual predators. 
Current Management.
The Southern Brook Lamprey is currently listed as a species of “least concern” in the United States by CN Red List. The southern brook lamprey has also not been given any status regarding endangerment by the US Federal List or CITES. Currently there are no conservation plans in action specific to the southern brook lamprey nor laws or protected waterways aimed at conservation. No evidence of biological factors has been found that would contribute to a decline in the abundance or the range of the southern brook lamprey, in fact, the biggest threat to the southern brook lamprey and closely related species is human induced alteration of suitable microhabitats. In order to preserve these specific types of microhabitats used by the southern brook lamprey during each phase of the life cycle, habitat preservation and rehabilitation of affected microhabitats are essential. Microhabitats used by the southern brook lamprey during all life stages must have a certain water temperature, substrate composition, and water quality in order for the southern brook lamprey to successfully inhabit and spawn in these areas. 

</doc>
<doc id="9821367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821367" title="Neighborhood Assistant">
Neighborhood Assistant

A Neighborhood Assistant (NA) is another term for a Residential Assistant. The intention of Neighborhood Assistants are to bring a community together and to support people within a community. This title was changed at Oakes college, University of California, Santa Cruz (UCSC), as Oakes' College's Neighborhood Assistants collectively decided that this would be a better term to suit their role in the community. Leonel, one of such Neighborhood Assistants, commented, ""Oakes would not be the same if my title was Residential Assistant because people usually feel a 'police' figure from the word Residential and neighborhood sounds friendly.""

</doc>
<doc id="9821371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821371" title="Barbagallo Raceway">
Barbagallo Raceway

Barbagallo Raceway is a motorsport circuit located in Wanneroo, approximately north of Perth in Western Australia.
The circuit was originally known as Wanneroo Park and the first race meet took place in March 1969. Initially the major race per year was a 6 hour Le Mans style race for sedans and sports cars known as the Six Hour Le Mans. However as interest dulled in that event, production car racing took over as the major race type.
In 1979, the Australian Grand Prix was held for the first and so far only time at Wanneroo Park which coincided with the opening of the new pits and paddock area to the west of the circuit. The Grand Prix was won by South Australian Johnnie Walker driving a Lola T332 Formula 5000. Walker was the last driver to win the AGP driving a Formula 5000.
In 1992, it was decided that a short circuit would be constructed by linking Turn 5 on the current circuit to the back straight forming a new long circuit. This extension was funded by prominent West Australian motorsport identity Alf Barbagallo and hence the circuit name was changed to Barbagallo Raceway Wanneroo. The short circuit allowed for an increase in the types of racing including the inclusion of truck racing and also allowed events to be run at night.
The circuit was completely resurfaced in 2004 and this saw almost all lap records broken in the first few months of 2004. The surface changed from an abrasive surface which was renowned for being very hard on tyres to a grippy, smooth surface.
Events.
The track holds a number of major race meets each year, with the biggest being a round of the V8 Supercars Championship. This is one of the biggest sporting events in Western Australia each year with over 50,000 people attending the 3 day event. However, in 24/07/2008, the V8 Supercar official website reported that the V8 Supercar contract for Barbagallo Raceway will ends next year and the Western Australian Government is investigating whether to upgrade the "dilapidated" circuit or build a new one. The site suggested that new track built or modifications to the existing circuit are needed or Australia’s most western state could lose a round of the Championship, leading to a major loss to the local economy.
The circuit offers patrons "drift" racing as an occasional spectacle. Some criticism has also come from opponents of drifting, due to damage caused to the track surface, especially heading into Cat Corner at the end of the main straight, where entries of over are not uncommon.
The circuit hosted the inaugural Australian Festival of Speed in 2010. Formula One team Red Bull Racing and driver Mark Webber attended for a demonstration. The festival never returned to the circuit, having bankrupted the owners.
Upgrades.
Due to the removal of the circuit from the V8 Supercar calendar for 1 year, the state government considered upgrading the track to improve the quality of the track and its facilities. 
Many options were considered, which included extending the track to the north which would roughly double the length of the circuit, there were also alternative extension plans which were smaller. The widening of the track was also addressed, which would be needed to extend the track for safety regulations. The plan of the track extension was expensive if all aspects of the plan were considered, this would see this major upgrade of the circuit be postponed until the necessary upgrades are completed.
On 18 July 2011, The tracks control tower was torn down, beginning the first stage of upgrades that will see the track widened, and a new pit facility built in the centre of the circuit, with connecting bridge. The first stage upgrades will also include improving lighting and safety barriers, as well as upgrades to facilities and buildings within the circuit.
Touring Car round winners.
"* Overall round winner taken from placings after all races (2 in 2009, 3 in 2011, 2012 and 2013)"

</doc>
<doc id="9821381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821381" title="Freddie Abuda">
Freddie Abuda

Freddie Abuda (born October 8, 1969, in Lawaan, Eastern Samar) is a former Philippine Basketball Association player. He was drafted by Purefoods, then known Coney Island Ice Cream, in the 2nd round as the 10th overall pick. Abuda played eleven seasons in the PBA, most of them with the San Miguel Beermen.
Abuda gained the moniker "the scavenger" as a large proportion of his points were the result of his scoring on a follow-up after rebounding a teammate's missed shot while playing in the Philippine Basketball Associations (PBA). He began his career as a reserve player for Purefoods and was later traded to San Miguel Beer where he developed into an important role player. His tough defensive and solid rebounding skills contributed to San Miguel Beer gainining multiple championships. He is currently serving as an assistant coach to the San Beda Red Lions (NCAA).

</doc>
<doc id="9821389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821389" title="David Smith (baseball historian)">
David Smith (baseball historian)

David W. Smith (born March 17, 1948) is an American baseball historian and statistician. He is best known as the founder of Retrosheet, an organization whose mission is to collect, digitize, and distribute play-by-play accounts from every game in Major League Baseball history. Smith's work has been widely praised as a huge boon to baseball research and he has received a number of awards for his work, most notably the SABR Bob Davids Award in 2005.
Smith was a contributor to "Total Baseball" and was co-author of the book "The Midsummer Classic: The Complete History of Baseball's All-Star Game" (with David W. Vincent and Lyle Spatz). That book received The Sporting News-SABR Baseball Research Award in 2001.
Since 1975, Smith has been a professor of biology at the University of Delaware, and is director of the Department of Biological Sciences undergraduate program. He won the University's Excellence in Teaching Award in 1977. Smith did his undergraduate work at the University of California, San Diego and received his PhD from the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Smith is a recipient of the 2012 Henry Chadwick Award from the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR).

</doc>
<doc id="9821405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821405" title="John Holecek">
John Holecek

John Francis Holecek (born May 7, 1972 in Steger, Illinois) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for eight seasons for the Buffalo Bills, the San Diego Chargers, and the Atlanta Falcons. He went to college at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in 1995, went to the San Diego Chargers in 2001, and last to the Atlanta Falcons in 2002. Holecek played in the NFL for 8 seasons, and then he went back to his home town. He coaches at Loyola Academy.
Illinois career.
After graduation from Marian Catholic High School in Chicago Heights, Illinois, John played for the Illinois Fighting Illini football team from 1991 to 1994. Holecek made the All-Big Ten First Team in 1993, All-Big Ten Second Team in 1994, and was part of the foursome that gave Illinois the nickname "Linebacker U" in the 1990s.
NFL career.
Holecek was drafted in 1995 by the Buffalo Bills in the fifth round (144th pick) of the 1995 draft. He debuted for the Bills, but was then released and signed by the San Diego Chargers. Then he was released and signed with the Atlanta Falcons.
Loyola Academy.
After retiring from the NFL, Holecek returned to Illinois to coach high school football at Loyola Academy, a private college preparatory in Wilmette, Illinois. He currently serves as head varsity football coach and as one of the assistant athletic director for the school. In 2008, he coached Loyola to a Prep Bowl Championship at Soldier Field as the Ramblers defeated Lane Tech 17-0. In 2011, he coached the Ramblers to a second place finish in the Class 8A State Championship, losing to Bollingbrook High School 21-17. This was only the school's third appearance in the state championship game and the first in 18 years. Loyola was the 8A runner-up again in 2013 after losing to Naperville Central, 13-10, in the title game.
In 2012, Holecek was inducted into the Chicago Sports Hall-of-Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9821433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821433" title="Chinle Municipal Airport">
Chinle Municipal Airport

Chinle Municipal Airport , also referred to as Chinle Airport, is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) southwest of the central business district of Chinle, in Apache County, Arizona, United States. It is owned by the Navajo Nation.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 131 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2005 and 2,059 enplanements (all unscheduled) in 2006. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2007–2011, Chinle is a "general aviation" airport (the "commercial service" category requires at least 2,500 passenger boardings per year).
This is one of six airports owned by the Navajo Nation; the other five being Kayenta Airport (0V7), Tuba City Airport (T03) and Window Rock Airport (RQE) in Arizona, plus Crownpoint Airport (0E8) and Shiprock Airport (5V5) in New Mexico.
Facilities and aircraft.
Chinle Municipal Airport covers an area of 357 acres (144 ha) at an elevation of 5,550 feet (1,692 m) above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring 6,900 by 60 feet (2,103 x 18 m). For the 12-month period ending April 17, 2010, the airport had 7,800 aircraft operations, an average of 21 per day: 74% air taxi and 26% general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="9821455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821455" title="Birtha (Commagene)">
Birtha (Commagene)

Birtha was an ancient town on the east bank of the Euphrates, at the upper part of a reach of that river, which runs nearly north-south, and just below a sharp bend in the stream, where it follows that course after coming from a long reach flowing more from the west. This town has often been confounded with the Birtha of Ptolemy, but incorrectly. In fact, the name of Birtha occurs in no ancient writer. Zosimus mentions that Julian, in his march to Maogamalcha, rested at a town called Bithra (Greek: ), where there was a palace of such vast dimensions that it afforded quarters for his whole army. This town was no doubt the modern Birecik, Turkey. The castle of Bircejik rises on the left bank, so as to command the passage of the river on the opposite side, astride one of the most frequented of all the traditional passages into Mesopotamia.

</doc>
<doc id="9821458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821458" title="Tommy Kane">
Tommy Kane

Thomas Henry Kane (born January 14, 1964 in Montreal, Quebec) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks and Toronto Argonauts.
Football career.
Prior to playing in the NFL, Kane played college football at Syracuse University. 
A third-round draft pick, Kane played for the Seahawks from 1988 to 1992, when his season ended early due to ankle and knee injuries. The Seahawks cut him during training camp in the following year, and Kane moved to the Canadian Football League. He played five games for the Toronto Argonauts in 1994.
At the end of his pro career, Kane, born in Canada, volunteered at youth football camps sponsored by Montreal's Westend Sport Association, which he had attended himself as a youth. While with the Argonauts, he donated a year's salary to the Centre.
Kane is of African Nova Scotian descent.
Crime and legal proceedings.
On November 30, 2003, Kane stabbed his wife Tammara Shaikh in his own mother's house in Lasalle, Quebec. Shaikh, 35, died in the hospital soon after. The couple had recently separated. She had come to his mother's house to help take him to a drug-rehabilitation center.
According to witnesses at the scene and the Crown prosecutors, Kane had been discussing suicide before his wife arrived. While arguing about the possibility of divorce, he dragged her into the kitchen by the hair, slammed her head on the floor, punched her repeatedly in the face, and stabbed her in the throat.
Originally charged with second-degree murder, Kane pleaded guilty to manslaughter for the act. Prosecutors took his depression and drug use into account when permitting him to plead to the lesser count.
Canadian Superior Court Justice Fraser Martin described Kane as "narcissistic" and "manipulative." He also said, "By your act, Mr. Kane, four children are deprived of their mother. The circumstances of the homicide were particularly shocking." He sentenced Kane to 18 years in prison, which Kane's attorney told the press was "unusually harsh."
Shaikh's family filed a 1.1 million-dollar lawsuit against the jailed Kane. On May 11, 2010, the Quebec Superior Court awarded $590 000 to Kane's four children, and his former sister-in-law Ava Shaikh for the pain and suffering they endured because of Kane's action.
In popular culture.
Inevitably, the Kane-Shaikh murder has been compared to the O.J. Simpson case in the United States. 
The Canadian television series "Un tueur si proche" aired a documentary re-enactment of the case on September 16, 2005. The episode title is "Tommy 'Co' Kane."

</doc>
<doc id="9821478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821478" title="Bernard Tiphaine">
Bernard Tiphaine

Bernard Tiphaine (born July 27, 1938 in Paris) is a French actor.

</doc>
<doc id="9821508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821508" title="Paul Skansi">
Paul Skansi

Paul Anthony Skansi (born January 11, 1961, in Tacoma, Washington) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for ten seasons (one for the Pittsburgh Steelers, eight for the Seattle Seahawks, and one for the Ottawa Rough Riders of the CFL. Paul attended Peninsula High School in Gig Harbor, Washington where he was a stand out athlete. After watching Skansi play in a high school basketball game, coach Don James of the UW Huskies offered him a football scholarship. Paul was a stand out receiver for the University of Washington setting the Husky's record for passes received during his four years of play. He is currently a scout for the San Diego Chargers.
In Seattle, Skansi was known as a dependable third-down receiver. His most successful season was 1989, when he caught 39 passes for 488 yards and five touchdowns. Over his career, he caught 166 passes for 1,950 yards and ten touchdowns. He is widely known for catching the tying 25-yard touchdown pass (Norm Johnson's extra point on the last play won the game) from Seahawks quarterback Dave Krieg in the final second of a November 11, 1990 game against the Kansas City Chiefs at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City. The Seahawks won the game, 17-16, Krieg escaped Derrick Thomas' grasp on what would have been his 8th sack in the game (Thomas sacked Krieg an NFL record 7 times as it was).

</doc>
<doc id="9821539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9821539" title="Zenon Andrusyshyn">
Zenon Andrusyshyn

Zenon Andrusyshyn (born February 25, 1947 in Günzburg, West Germany of Ukrainian parents) is a former Canadian Football League punter and kicker from (–, –) for the Toronto Argonauts. He played in 1978 for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League. He later played with the Tampa Bay Bandits of the United States Football League from 1983–1985 and ended his career with the Montreal Alouettes in 1986. 
College football.
Andrusyshyn played college football at UCLA where he was a two-time All-America punter (1967, 1969) and voted to UCLA's All Century Team. Coach John McKay of USC, UCLA's rival, remarked that "Andrusyshyn kicks with low leverage," and in the 1967 USC-UCLA game, the USC Trojans blocked two Andrusyshyn field goals and an extra point en route to a 21–20 victory.
Ministry.
Andrusyshyn was ordained a minister in the Southern Baptist denomination in 1990 in Nashville, Tennessee.
Andrusyshyn graduated from Dallas Theological Seminary in 1995 with a Master in Arts, Biblical Studies (MABS).
He was the Fellowship of Christian Athletes Tampa Area Director since March 1987, completing 20 years with FCA in 2007. In October 2007, Zenon Andrusyshyn formed his own ministry with his wife Sue. Known as Zenon Ministries Inc., it is a 501(c)(3) non-profit youth ministry. Andrusyshyn has been on over 15 mission trips which includes delivering medical supplies to Cuna Indians- Panama (three times), to Cancer Hospitals for Children in Kiev and Odessa, Ukraine (four times), Missions abroad in England (three times), Germany (three Times) and Mexico (three times). He served as Youth Chairman for the Billy Graham Crusade-1998 Tampa, Florida, and as Youth Chairman for Luis Palau's TampaBayFest 2007.
Personal.
He has been married to wife Sue for 34 years and has two children Zoe and Zuriel.

</doc>
