<doc id="9780406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780406" title="French submarine Rubis (1931)">
French submarine Rubis (1931)

The Rubis (H4, 202, P15) was a "Saphir"-class minelaying submarine which served in the French Navy and Free French Navy during the Second World War. She was awarded the Ordre de la Libération for her services.
Career.
After serving in Toulon with the 7th and later 5th submarine squadrons, in 1937 "Rubis" was transferred to Cherbourg.
During the Norwegian campaign, in May 1940, she laid mines off the Norwegian coast; her mines claimed four Norwegian vessels in May and June, and a further three merchantmen in July. At the time of the French surrender on June 22, 1940, she was in the port of Dundee, Scotland in the United Kingdom, where she promptly joined the Free French Forces. At that time she was commanded by Capitaine de Corvette Georges Cabanier 
Whilst minelaying off Norway in mid-1941, she encountered and torpedoed a Finnish merchantman. Later in the war, she laid mines in the Bay of Biscay, claiming three German auxiliary minesweepers, an armed trawler, and a Vichy French tug in 1942, and a fourth auxiliary minesweeper in 1943. Operating off Stavanger in September 1944, her mines claimed two auxiliary submarine chasers and two merchantmen. In October and November she continued in Norwegian waters, damaging two vessels but with no sinkings. On 21 December, however, her mines claimed three auxiliary submarine chasers, a German merchantman, and a minesweeper.
Throughout the war, "Rubis" made 22 operational patrols, laying nearly 683 mines and sinking some 21,000 GRT of shipping. With 22 enemy ships sunk (14 of them German, including 12 warships), she achieved the highest kill number in the FNFL.
From 1946 to 1948, she was used as a school ship for rigging in Toulon. 
"Rubis" was struck on 4 October 1949, and sank on 31 January 1958 to be used as a sonar target. The wreck lies 41 metres underwater between Cavalaire and Saint-Tropez, and has become a popular diving attraction. 

</doc>
<doc id="9780408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780408" title="Robert Tounson">
Robert Tounson

Robert Tounson (1575 – 15 May 1621) — also seen as “Townson” and “Toulson” — was Dean of Westminster from 1617 to 1620, and later Bishop of Salisbury from 1620 to 1621. He attended Sir Walter Raleigh at his execution, and wrote afterwards of how Raleigh had behaved on that occasion.
Life.
He was baptised on 8 January 1576 in the parish of St. Botolph, Cambridge. He was admitted a sizar of Queens' College, Cambridge, on 28 December 1587. He graduated M.A. in 1595, was elected a fellow on 2 September 1597, and was incorporated at Oxford on 10 July 1599, proceeding B.D. in 1602, and D.D. in 1613. On 13 April 1604 he was presented to the vicarage of Wellingborough in Northamptonshire, and on 16 February 1607 by William Tate to the rectory of Old in the same county, which he retained till 1620. 
He was also appointed a Royal Chaplain, and on 16 December 1617 was installed Dean of Westminster. In this capacity he attended Sir Walter Raleigh both in prison and on the scaffold, and described his 'last behaviour' in a letter to Sir John Isham. On 9 July 1620 he was consecrated bishop of Salisbury, died on 15 May 1621, and was buried in Westminster Abbey.
Family.
He was son of a Renold Toulnesonn, and uncle of Thomas Fuller, On 17 June 1604 he married Margaret, daughter of John Davenant, merchant of London, sister of John Davenant, who succeeded him as bishop of Salisbury, and widow of William Townley. By her he had a large family. Two sons, Robert and John, afterwards received preferment in their uncle Davenant's diocese. His daughter Gertrude married James Harris (1605–1679) of Salisbury, ancestor of the earls of Malmesbury. His daughter Mary married Alexander Hyde.

</doc>
<doc id="9780417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780417" title="Goss v. Lopez">
Goss v. Lopez

Goss v. Lopez, 419 U.S. 565 (1975) was a United States Supreme Court case that held that a public school must conduct a hearing before subjecting a student to suspension. The Court held that a suspension without a hearing violated the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Background.
Students were suspended from Central High School (Columbus, Ohio) for 10 days for destroying school property and disrupting the learning environment. In fact, Lopez testified that at least 75 other students were also suspended from his school on the same day. 
The law of Education. 
However §3313.66 gave no such student were suspended. A three-judge District Court struck down the it violated the students' right to due process of law. The United States the Ohio held that:
The District Court reprimanded the school for its violation of the 14th Amendment, stating that there were "minimum requirements of notice and a hearing prior to suspension, except in emergency situations." The case was appealed by the school to the Supreme Court.
Opinion of the Court.
Justice White delivered the opinion of the Court. The Court, split 5-4, held that the state had violated due process by suspending the students without a hearing. The Court reasoned that the State of Ohio had made education a fundamental right by enacting Ohio Rev. Code Ann. § 3313.64, which provided for free education for all residents between 5 and 21 years old. The Court stated that protected interests are not created by the Constitution but by its institutions (Board of Regents v. Roth). The Court held that a 10-day suspension was not a de minimis deprivation of property. The Court also stated that suspending a student had the potential to seriously harm their reputation and affect their future employment and education. It held that the state had no authority to deprive students of their property interest in educational benefits or their liberty interest in reputation without due process of law.
The Court reiterated the principle, first clearly formulated in Tinker v. Des Moines School Dist. but established in a long line of decisions before that case, that students "do not shed their constitutional rights at the schoolhouse door".
Dissent.
Justice Powell wrote the dissent. He argued that the Ohio statute had granted the right to education, but not the right to education without discipline. He challenged the court's finding that the suspension was severe enough to bring the Due Process clause into play. 
Powell also argued that the safeguards provided by the Ohio statute were sufficient. The statute required that the student's parents and the Board of Education be given written notice of the suspension and "reasons therefor" within 24 hours. Powell also argued that the informal hearing proposed by the majority would not provide significantly more protection.
Powell criticized at length the court's interference with the operation of schools. He argued that minors should be and are treated differently under the law and that the court was turning its back on precedent. Powell concluded that the majority's decision would allow students to claim due process violations when excluded from extracurricular activities, failed from a course, promoted, required to take certain subjects, transferred from one school to another, or bused to a far-off school.

</doc>
<doc id="9780433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780433" title="Hoti (tribe)">
Hoti (tribe)

Hoti is a Northern Albanian tribe and a historical tribal region of Malësia, located in northern Albania and southern Montenegro.
History.
The earliest known historical reference to the Hoti tribe was recorded in 1330, while in 1474 their region was mentioned in Latin sources as "montanea ottanorum" (). 
Before 1421, much of the Malësia area was incorporated into the Lordship of Zeta which was ruled by the powerful Balša family. The Balšići utilized the Montenegrin highlands as a sanctum for Serbian nobles seeking political asylum (as well as other Balkans who were outlawed or persecuted by the Ottoman conquerors). Sometime between 1356 and 1362 (during the reign of Balša I, and after the Balšić invasion of Shkodra) most of the indigenous people of Hoti abandoned the Malësia area and settled in the areas of Plav and Limaj (near Peć, in Kosovo). After this migration, the residual Hoti population only amounted to about seven houses.
According to the region's oral history, in 1412-3, the Hoti tribe was engaged in a major dispute over the possession of grazing lands with the neighboring Mataguži tribe. Balša III, the contemporary leader of the House of Balšić, was called to mediate the dispute. When he decided in favour of the Mataguzi, the Hoti tribe attacked the Mataguži tribe and took over the dipsuted areas. Shortly thereafter, a Mataguzi counter-attack claimed the lives of four Hoti clansmen.
After a long history of conflict with both the Ottomans and their (sometime) Venetian allies, the Balšić dynasty went extinct in 1421, after which time a new dynasty was founded in the area by Stefan Crnojević who fixed his capital at Žabljak on the north-eastern side of Lake Scutari and joined with his relative, the famous Scanderbeg, in many campaigns against the Turks. 
In the latter half of the fifteenth century (during the Ottoman conquest of the Balkans), Serbs of Bosnia were pushed ever southward by the Turkish armies, eventually being pushed to Herzegovina by 1463. After the Turkish conquest of Herzegovina in 1476, of Albania in 1478, and the surrender of Shkodër by the Venetians in 1479, according to legend, a man named Keq Preka and his four sons moved southward from the Herzegovinan highlands to escape the mass migration of Slavs. They and many of the other Albanian-speaking peoples in the Herzegovina area kept moving until they found an area where they found a population that spoke the same language as theirs (most likely a form of Gheg Albanian). 
At the outset of the northern Albanian resistance against Ottoman rule, the tribe of Hoti was credited with being the first of the northern Albanian clans to initiate the war for Albanian Independence. Of particular renown was the commander of the Albanian guerilla campaign against Turkish occupying forces, Ded Gjo Luli, perhaps Hoti's most distinguished hero. At the victorious Battle of Deçiq, Ded Gjo Luli was able to raise the Albanian standard in symbolic defiance of Ottoman rule (the Albanian standard had not been raised since the late fifteenth century, during the military campaigns of Scanderbeg). Because of its instrumental role in the resistance, Hoti is commonly held as the head the Albanian tribes of Malësia, and members of the tribe are routinely given places of honor at feasts even to this day.
The nearby Triesh tribe is considered by locals as the "younger brother" of Hoti, as the tribes share Keq Preka as a common ancestor.
Hoti does not consider nearby {Triesh} as a "younger brother" they do not share Keq Preka since Hoti does not marry within Hot.
Religion.
The majority of the Hoti are followers of the Roman Catholic faith and celebrate St. John the Baptist ( or "Shnjoni") as their "feast" day. The day (August 29) commemorates the martyrdom (beheading) of Saint John the Baptist. There is also a significant minority in the region that follow Islam.
Clans/Surnames of Hoti.
There are two main branches of Hoti: Traboina (who are descended from Pjeter Gega) and Rapsha.
Other clans from Pjeter Gega:

</doc>
<doc id="9780448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780448" title="Volcanic Seven Summits">
Volcanic Seven Summits

The Volcanic Seven Summits are the highest volcanoes on each of the seven continents, just as the Seven Summits are the highest peaks on each of the seven continents. Summiting all of the "Volcanic Seven" is regarded as a mountaineering challenge, first postulated as such in 1999.
Definitions.
Due to different interpretations of continental borders (geological, geographical, geopolitical) several definitions for the highest summits per continent and the number of continents are possible. The number of "seven" continents used here is based on the continent model used in Western Europe and the United States. The continents as defined here are on a geological and geographical basis, not geopolitical.
An additional complication in determining the highest "volcanic" summits is defining exactly what constitutes a volcano and how much topographic prominence it must have relative to any nearby non-volcanic peaks in order to qualify. For the purposes of this list, the summits must be an actual eruptive volcanic center, not merely made of volcanic rocks which were uplifted by other geological processes. In addition, a topographic prominence of at least is required, so that the list includes only genuine volcanic mountains and not minor outpourings of lava which happened to leak to the Earth's surface in high-altitude regions (see "Asia" below).
Africa, North America, Antarctica.
No serious dispute exists as to the highest volcanoes in Africa, North America, and Antarctica-—respectively, Kilimanjaro, Pico de Orizaba, and Mount Sidley.
Australia.
Although there are only a few minor and inactive volcanoes on the Australian mainland, this list recognizes that the island of New Guinea is an integral part of the Australian continent. Numerous scientific papers written in the 1970s and 1980s confirm that Mount Giluwe in Papua New Guinea is in fact an old eroded volcano,
unlike the higher mountains of New Guinea which are all non-volcanic in origin.
Even if this continent is defined instead as Oceania (thus adding New Zealand and Polynesia including Hawaii), Giluwe remains the highest volcano since it exceeds the elevation of Mauna Kea in Hawaii and any volcano in New Zealand.
Europe.
The generally accepted geographical border between Europe and Asia runs along the crest of the Ural Mountains in central Russia and of the Caucasus along the southern border of Russia. Since the massive twin-peaked stratovolcano of Mount Elbrus rises just north of the crest, it is the highest summit in Europe and also the highest volcano.
Some geologists, though, consider the Kuma-Manych depression as the geological border between Asia and Europe. Such definition would relegate Elbrus entirely in Asia, making it the highest volcano of Asia (see below) and making Mount Etna (a 3350-metre active stratovolcano in Sicily, Italy) the highest volcano in Europe. The Teide in the Canary Islands, while active, taller than Etna and within the territory of a European country, wouldn't be considered because geologically the Canaries belong to the African continent.
South America.
Aconcagua, the highest peak in South America and the highest peak in the western hemisphere, was long considered to be a volcano, but the current geological consensus is that the mountain consists of uplifted rocks of volcanic origin which did not erupt into its current form, so it is not a volcano.
Although topographic maps of the Chile and Argentina border region which contains the highest peaks are of notoriously poor accuracy, with elevation errors exceeding in many cases, the current consensus based on the most recent measurements places Ojos del Salado as the 2nd highest peak and highest volcano in South America, significantly higher than Monte Pissis.
Asia.
The Mount Damavand is a very large isolated stratovolcano with over of topographic prominence.
There are more than 70 volcanic vents known as the Kunlun Volcanic Group in Tibet at higher elevations than Damavand's summit, the highest of which has a reported elevation of (). Peaks in this volcanic group are not considered volcanic mountains but instead a type of pyroclastic cone. Information about these cones is extremely scarce and the listed elevations and prominences is of unknown accuracy and reliability. It is disputed whether any of these cones have a prominence greater than . The volcanoes in the list below all have prominences far exceeding that threshold.
The list.
"†NOTE: Two of the Volcanic Seven Summits, Kilimanjaro and Elbrus, are also members of the Seven Summits. Ojos del Salado is also a member of the Seven Second Summits."
"Volcanic Seven Second Summits".
Defining the second highest volcanoes on each continent is a bit more complicated, because the continental definitions become critical.
The problem between Australia and Oceania: Mount Hagen in Papua New Guinea is certainly the second highest volcano on the Australian continent, but expanding the continental definition to span also the broad definition of Oceania drops Hagen to 4th behind Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa on the Island of Hawaii.
In Europe, Kazbek is the second highest volcano. It lies on the border of Russia and Georgia, whose European status is sometimes disputed, although Kazbek lies entirely on the European side of the Caucasus watershed. The river Terek rises to the south and west of Kazbek but drains northwards to Russia.
All variant definitions are listed in the table below, so there are 8 volcanoes included:
"†NOTE: Mount Kenya, is also a member of the Seven Second Summits."
"*Territory claimed by New Zealand. However, most nations do not recognize Antarctic territorial claims."

</doc>
<doc id="9780463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780463" title="Boom operator (military)">
Boom operator (military)

In the USAF the position of boom operator is a position held by an enlisted aviator, (rank Airman Basic through Chief Master Sergeant) who is responsible for safely and effectively refueling other aircraft while in flight. The official Air Force title for boom operators is "In-Flight Refueling Technician" but this title is usually reserved for formal paperwork such as Air Medals. The title "boom" is more commonly used. The name boom operator implies that one "operates a boom" which in the case of a tanker aircraft is a long extendable metal arm that connects two aircraft for fuel transfer.

</doc>
<doc id="9780464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780464" title="Thouron">
Thouron

Thouron () is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.

</doc>
<doc id="9780470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780470" title="The Foundation of S.F. Success">
The Foundation of S.F. Success

"The Foundation of S.F. Success" is a pastiche, written in 1954 by Isaac Asimov, of the patter song "If you're anxious for to shine" from the Gilbert and Sullivan comic opera "Patience", describing the easy way to become a successful writer. Asimov borrows Gilbert's rhythm and rhyme schemes in the song. It includes the classic lines: "With a tiny bit of cribbin' from the works of Edward Gibbon and that Greek, Thucydides", in which Asimov is lampooning himself, referring to the inspiration for the Foundation stories.
The piece was first published in "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction", October 1954, p. 69. It is included in Asimov's short story collection "Earth is Room Enough" (1957) and his later "The Complete Stories", vol. 1.

</doc>
<doc id="9780483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780483" title="BAFC">
BAFC

BAFC can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="9780500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780500" title="Get That Paper (Do or Die album)">
Get That Paper (Do or Die album)

Get That Paper is the seventh album released by rap group, Do or Die. It was released on March 28, 2006 for Rap-A-Lot Records/Asylum Records. While the album was met with critical success, this was the groups lowest charting album, peaking at #159 on the Billboard 200 and #29 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.

</doc>
<doc id="9780583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780583" title="Francisco Arrué">
Francisco Arrué

Francisco Esteban Arrué Pardo (born 7 August 1977) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Huachipato as a playmaker. 
Arrué also is one of six Chilean players who have played in the three giant clubs: Colo-Colo, Universidad de Chile and Universidad Católica. Representing his nation, he won a bronze medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics at Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="9780603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780603" title="Federico Coullaut-Valera Mendigutia">
Federico Coullaut-Valera Mendigutia

Federico Coullaut-Valera Mendigutia (1912–1989) was a Spanish sculptor. The son of sculptor Lorenzo Coullaut-Valera, he was born in Madrid. 
He continued the work begun by his father in the Plaza de España. Coullaut-Valera Mendigutia finished the monument in this square between 1956 and 1957. 
A statue of Charles III of Spain by Coullaut-Valera stands in Olvera Street, Los Angeles. It was presented in 1976 and dedicated by Juan Carlos I of Spain and Sofia of Spain in 1987. Charles had ordered the founding of the town that became Los Angeles.[http://www.publicartinla.com/UnionStation/carlos.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9780610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780610" title="Indian Ocean Whale Sanctuary">
Indian Ocean Whale Sanctuary

The Indian Ocean Whale Sanctuary is an area in the Indian Ocean where the International Whaling Commission (IWC) has banned all types of commercial whaling. The IWC has at present designated two such sanctuaries, the other being the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary. Repeated proposals at the IWC for a South Atlantic Sanctuary and a South Pacific Sanctuary have never reached the 75% majority needed to pass.
History.
The Indian Ocean Sanctuary was established by the IWC in 1979 after being proposed by the tiny island nation of the Seychelles, in its first meeting as an IWC member, partly in order to protect whales in their breeding grounds.
The status of the Whale Sanctuaries is reviewed by the IWC every 10 years, and the Indian Ocean Sanctuary has so far been reviewed (and extended) three times, in 1989, 1992 and 2002.
Area.
The Indian Ocean Whale Sanctuary extends south to 55°S latitude with a western boundary of 20°E longitude by Africa and an eastern boundary of 130°E longitude by Australia. To the south it borders the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="9780630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780630" title="Decedent directive">
Decedent directive

A Decedent Directive is a legal document that provides for an individual to express their wishes and assist the bereaved in decision-making processes following the individual's death.
A descendent directive is similar to an advance directive, and it is designed to assist individuals in preserving their dignity and autonomy after death. The decedent directive is endorsed by the Institute on Religious Deathcare and Spiritual Healing, and is a pertinent tool to protect the rights of the dead.institute on religious deathcare and spiritual healing

</doc>
<doc id="9780653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780653" title="Humanimal (album)">
Humanimal (album)

Humanimal was the third studio album by hard rock band Talisman released on 25 May 1994 (Part 1) and 19 October 1994 (Part 2) on Polydor Records.
The recordings took place in Sound Trade Studios with the help of Ronny Lahti. The final album, recorded and mixed in 22 days, was 22 tracks. This led to JSS & MJ discussing a double CD, but since almost all the material would fit on one CD, they finally opted for a single CD with all the best tracks. The Japanese label was given the permission to put together their own selection of the track they deemed suitable for the Japanese audience. 
The band were somewhat unhappy with the list of songs on the Japanese version, and eventually the Japanese label released the Swedish version as well, because of the amount of imports. Later there was a second European release of the outtakes as well. 

</doc>
<doc id="9780662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780662" title="JASURAUS">
JASURAUS

Jasuraus is a 5 Gbit/s, 2800km optical submarine telecommunications cable connecting Jakarta in Indonesia to Port Hedland In Australia. The name was derived from a concatenation of the original planned sites of 'Jakarta' - 'Surabaya' - 'Australia'. However the Surabaya landing was abandoned before project commencement, though the name remained.
Originally conceived as a link from Australia to provide telephony services connection to the world in 1995-1996 its capacity and major role was overtaken in 2000 by the 40 Gbit/s SeaMeWe3 and 320 Gbit/s Southern Cross Cable Network. It remains to this day as an emergency backup link out of Australia, as well as handling some minimal capacity for organisations such as The Australian Academic and Research Network AARNet as part of its connectivity to the APCN Cable System.
At time of being ready for service in 1997, the main cables linking Australia to the world were Tasman2 (Sydney to Auckland connecting with Pac Rim East continuing to Hawaii) 2 fibre pairs of 560 Mbit/s and Pac Rim West (Sydney to Guam) 2 fibre pairs of 560 Mbit/s and was a dramatic increase in network capacity. 
Cost factors have proven an issue for the primary operators Telstra and Optus often with cables and technology in general, they reach the end of their economic life, well ahead of their operational life which is generally around twenty years, Jasaurus has an expected life of 25 years.
At the beginning of the Internet Era capacity requirements grew rapidly. The upgrade ability was also hampered by the high cost which Telstra charged to provide transit to Perth, and whilst the cable could have been potentially upgraded to 20 Gbit/s, such agreements would have to have agreement between all parties and especially APCN's owners. Such agreements were not forthcoming.

</doc>
<doc id="9780689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780689" title="Manhattan Opera Company">
Manhattan Opera Company

The Manhattan Opera Company was an opera company based in New York City. Active from 1906 until 1910, it was founded by Oscar Hammerstein I.
The company began operations in 1906 at the Manhattan Opera House on 34th Street in New York City. Hammerstein built the house with the initial intent of making it a home for performances solely of opera in English; before construction was completed, however, he chose to shift the company's focus, deciding instead to present great operas in their original languages. The casts were to be drawn from the ranks of the greatest singers of the era. William Guard was hired to be the company's press representative, remaining in that capacity until the organization folded.
The Manhattan Opera Company opened its first season on December 3, 1906, with a performance of Vincenzo Bellini's "Norma"; Cleofonte Campanini served as the artistic director. Many of the greatest opera stars of the era appeared with the company during its four year history; among the most notable were Nellie Melba, Lillian Nordica, Luisa Tetrazzini, Ernestine Schumann-Heink, Giovanni Zenatello, Lina Cavalieri, Mary Garden, John McCormack, Lalla Miranda, Alessandro Bonci, Charles Dalmorès, Giovanni Polese, Maurice Renard, Alice Zeppilli, and Nicola Zerola. Many of them made their American debuts for Hammerstein. The repertory tended to French opera, then being neglected by the competing Metropolitan Opera, and to novelties. Among the latter were "Pelléas et Mélisande" featuring Garden, "Elektra", and "Louise".
Hammerstein's company was a huge success, and provided damaging competition to the Metropolitan Opera; eventually this led to the resignation of Heinrich Conried as the latter company's general director, after which it was greatly reorganized. Nevertheless, after giving 463 performances of 49 different operas during its existence, the Manhattan Opera Company suddenly folded in 1910. For years the reason remained a mystery; more recently it has been discovered that Hammerstein and the directors of the Metropolitan, led by Otto Kahn, entered into a contractual agreement which led to the dissolution. Under the terms of the contract, negotiated by his son Arthur, Hammerstein was paid a flat sum of $1,200,000, in exchange for which he promised to stage no opera in the United States for the following ten years. It is widely believed that Hammerstein took the deal because the mounting costs of running the company were taking their toll on his finances, and he was going bankrupt. 

</doc>
<doc id="9780709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780709" title="Maury John">
Maury John

Maurice "Maury" E. John (June 17, 1919 – October 15, 1974) is a former college basketball coach at Drake University and Iowa State University. He led Drake University to the 1969 Final Four where they gave powerhouse UCLA a scare, eventually losing by 3 points, then winning the consolation game to claim 3rd place. He became known for his "belly-button" defense. 
John is a member of The Des Moines Sunday Register's Iowa Sports Hall of Fame. He died of cancer on October 15, 1974 at the age of 55. John is also a member of the Missouri Valley Conference Hall of Fame. His son is in fact named John E. John. During John's last season at Iowa State his only loss came to the hands of his former team Drake 61-60.

</doc>
<doc id="9780739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780739" title="1212 in poetry">
1212 in poetry


</doc>
<doc id="9780751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780751" title="Nicasius le Febure">
Nicasius le Febure

Nicasius le Febure, a.k.a. Nicolas le Febure or Nicasius le Fevre or Nicolas le Fèvre (1615 - 1669), was a French chemist and alchemist who was appointed to positions by both French and English royalty.
Life and work.
Le Febure was born and educated in Sedan, going to the Academy there. Vallot, first physician to Louis XIV, appointed him demonstrator of chemistry at the Jardin du Roi, Paris; Diarist John Evelyn is recorded as having attended a course of his lectures there in February 1647. In 1660 he was appointed Professor of Chemistry to Charles II of England in 1660, Apothecary in Ordinary to the Royal Family in 1660 and manager of the laboratory at St James's Palace, London. It is believed he became a naturalised English citizen in 1682. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) on 20 May 1663.
He died in the Parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, London, in the spring of 1669. There exists an engraved portrait of him.
Works.
Le Fevre was an able chemist and a lucid, learned, and accurate author. He wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="9780758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780758" title="Blackie Dammett">
Blackie Dammett

John Michael Kiedis ( ; born December 7, 1939), better known by his stage name, "Blackie Dammett" is an American actor, author and father of Anthony Kiedis, lead singer of Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Biography.
In "Scar Tissue", Anthony describes how his father frequented the Rainbow Bar and Grill where he sold drugs to rock icons such as the members of Led Zeppelin and The Who's Keith Moon. As an actor, he appeared in the films "National Lampoon's Class Reunion" (1982), "Meatballs Part II" (1984) and "Lethal Weapon" (1987), among others. He also made frequent television appearances, on such shows as "Starsky and Hutch", "Trapper John, M.D." and "It's Garry Shandling's Show". For many years Dammett was the president of the Red Hot Chili Peppers fanclub. Nicknamed "Head Honcho", Dammett would help run the band's website, be in charge of all fanclub events, mail out the band's fanclub magazines and had a close connection with many of the band's fans, which he still maintains through his personal Facebook page.
Family.
According to Anthony Kiedis' autobiography, "Scar Tissue", Blackie Dammett's grandfather Antanas Kiedis (1878–1949) and grandmother Julija (1883–1948) were Lithuanian immigrants from Tauragė. John Alden (1914–1984) was the youngest child in the family and the only American-born. He met and married Molly Vander Veen and had Blackie Dammett.
Blackie was close friends in the 70s with actor and musician, Sonny Bono who eventually became Anthony's godparent.
Autobiography.
Blackie has signed an exclusive publishing deal with Christopher Matthew Spencer's The Spencer Company. Dammett's autobiography "Lords of the Sunset Strip" was released on April 1, 2013 through Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing. The book reached #38 in the Kindle store while it peaked at #77 on Amazon.com's "Biographies and Memoirs" chart.A paperback version of the book is also available.
Spider and Son television series.
"Spider and Son" is the title of the possible future television series which will be based on both Anthony Kiedis and Blackie Dammett's autobiographies. In 2008 it was reported that Anthony Kiedis was developing a television series for HBO titled "Spider and Son", loosely based on Anthony's autobiography "Scar Tissue". The show was originally scheduled to premiere in late 2010 but was not picked up as a series, despite a pilot script penned by John Sayles. The rights to the show were picked up by FX in 2011 although according to Dammett, production has been "mothballed" and he hopes to re-visit the project in 2013 once the Chili Peppers finish their "I'm with You World Tour".As of 2014, there has been no mention made on the status of the series by FX, Kiedis or Dammett.

</doc>
<doc id="9780759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780759" title="Banded kestrel">
Banded kestrel

The Banded Kestrel ("Falco zoniventris") is a bird of prey belonging to the falcon family Falconidae. It is endemic to Madagascar and is also known as the Madagascar Banded Kestrel, Barred Kestrel or Madagascar Barred Kestrel. Its closest relatives are the Grey Kestrel and Dickinson's Kestrel of mainland Africa and the three are sometimes placed in the subgenus "Dissodectes".
It is 27–30 cm long with a wingspan of 60–68 cm. The upperparts are grey and the tail is dark. The underparts are whitish with dark grey streaks on the throat and upper breast and dark grey barring on the lower breast and belly. The feet, eyes and cere are yellow and there is bare yellow skin around the eye. Juvenile birds are browner than the adults with darker eyes and less bare skin around the eye.
The species has a shrill, staccato, chattering call and a sharp, screaming call but is usually silent outside the breeding season.
It is fairly common in the southern and western parts of Madagascar but more local in the north and east and absent from the central plateau. It occurs from sea-level up to 2000 metres. It inhabits clearings and edges in forest and woodland.
It rarely hovers, preferring to hunt from a perch. It feeds on small reptiles such as chamaeleons and day geckos, large insects such as grasshoppers and beetles and occasionally on birds. Prey is caught on the ground or snatched from a branch or tree trunk.
Breeding takes place from September to December. The nest is a simple scrape, usually in the old nest of another bird, especially the Sickle-billed Vanga. The nest is located in a tree hole or amongst epiphytic growth. Three yellowish eggs are laid.

</doc>
<doc id="9780771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780771" title="Low German house">
Low German house

The Low German house or Fachhallenhaus is a type of German timber-framed farmhouse, which combines living quarters, byre and barn under one roof. It is built as a large hall with bays on the sides for livestock and storage and with the living accommodation at one end. The Low German house appeared during the 13th to 15th centuries and was referred to as the Low Saxon house ("Niedersachsenhaus") in early research works. Until its decline in the 19th century, this rural, agricultural farmhouse style was widely distributed through the North German Plain, all the way from the Lower Rhine to Mecklenburg. Even today, the "Fachhallenhaus" still characterises the appearance of many north German villages.
Name.
The German name "Fachhallenhaus" is a regional variation of the term "Hallenhaus" ("hall house", sometimes qualified as the "Low Saxon hall house"). In the academic definition of this type of house the word "Fach" does not refer to the "Fachwerk" or "timber-framing" of the walls, but to the large "Gefach" or "bay" between two pairs of the wooden posts ("Ständer") supporting the ceiling of the hall and the roof which are spaced about apart. This was also used as a measure of house size: the smallest only had 2 bays, the largest, with 10 bays, were about long. The term "Halle" ("hall") refers to the large open threshing area or "Diele" (also "Deele" or "Deel") formed by two rows of posts. The prefix "Niederdeutsch" ("Low German") refers to the region in which they were found mainly found. Because almost all timber-framed and hall-type farmhouses were divided into so-called "Fache" (bays), the prefix "Fach" appears superfluous.
The academic name for this type of house comes from the German words ""Fach"" (bay), describing the space (up to ) between trusses made of two rafters fixed to a tie beam and connected to two posts with braces and ""Halle"", meaning something like hall as in a hall house. The walls were usually timber-framed, made of posts and rails; the panels ("Gefache") in between are filled with wattle and daub or bricks. One bay may be two or rarely three "Gefache" wide.
Alternative names.
In the past other names were commonly used for this type of farmhouse, derived either from their design or the region in which they were built:
"Niedersachsenhaus" is the most widespread and commonly used term, even though it is not strictly correct from an academic point of view.
Other terms.
Because this type of farm combines living quarters, stalls and hay storage under one roof it is also described as an "Einhaus" ("single house" or "all-in-one house") and the attached farmyard as an "Eindachhof" ("single-roofed farmyard"). A special feature of the Low German house is its longitudinal division, also referred to as "dreischiffige" or "triple-aisled". This is considerably different from all-in-one farmhouses elsewhere in Germany and Europe which are built with traditional transverse divisions, as in the "Ernhaus", not to mention other common farm layouts where the farm comprises several buildings with different functions, usually around a farmyard.
Early history.
The Low German house first emerged towards the end of the Middle Ages. Only a few years ago a "Hallenhaus" was discovered in the Dutch province of Drenthe, the frame of which can be dated to 1386. The oldest surviving houses of this type in Germany date to the late 15th century (e.g. in Schwinde, Winsen Elbe Marsh 1494/95). Regional differences arose due to the need to adapt to local farming and climatic conditions. The design also changed over time and was appropriate to its owner's social class. From the outset, and for a long time thereafter, people and animals were accommodated in different areas within a large room. Gradually the living quarters were separated from the working area and animals. The first improvements were separate sleeping quarters for the farmer and his family at the rear of the farmhouse. Sleeping accommodation for farmhands and maids was created above (in Westphalia) or next to (in Lower Saxony and Holstein) the livestock stalls at the sides. Finished linen, destined for sale, was also stored in a special room. As the demand for comfort and status increased, one or more rooms would be heated. Finally the stove was moved into an enclosed kitchen rather than being in a "Flett" or open hearth at the end of the hall.
Predecessors.
The Low German house is similar in construction to the neolithic longhouse, although there is no evidence of a direct connexion. The longhouse first appeared during the period of the Linear Pottery culture about 7,000 years ago and has been discovered during the course of archaeological excavations in widely differing regions across Europe, including the Ville ridge west of Cologne. The longhouse differed from later types of house in that it had a central row of posts under the roof ridge. It was therefore not three- but four-aisled. To start with, cattle were kept outside overnight in "Hürden" or pens. With the transition of agriculture to permanent fields the cattle were brought into the house, which then became a so-called "Wohnstallhaus" or byre-dwelling.
Later the centre posts were omitted to form a triple-aisled longhouse ("dreischiffigen Langhaus", often a "dreischiffigen Wohnstallhaus") that could be found in almost all of northwest Europe in the Early Middle Ages. Its roof structure rested as before on posts set into the ground and was therefore not very durable or weight-bearing. As a result these houses already had rafters, but no loft to store the harvest. The outer walls were only made of wattle and daub ("Flechtwerk").
By the Carolingian era, houses built for the nobility had their wooden, load-bearing posts set on foundations of wood or stone. Such uprights, called "Ständer", were very strong and lasted several hundred years. These posts were first used for farmhouses in northern Germany from the 13th century, and enable them to be furnished with a load-bearing loft. In the 15th and 16th centuries the design of the timber-framing was further perfected.
Distribution.
The Low German house had a wide distribution across an area almost 1,000 km long which roughly corresponds to the Low German language area. In the west it stretched into parts of the Netherlands where the height of gable and loft are usually lower, mirroring its development over time from self-sufficiency to market-oriented farming. From the Lower Rhine region to western Mecklenburg the Low German house was the dominant type of farmhouse. Further east it was found as far as the Danzig Bay, but manor houses ("Gutshaus") and farm workers houses were more common. In Schleswig-Holstein it was found mostly south of the Eider river, the old border with Denmark. In northern Sauerland and the Weser Uplands there was less of a sharp boundary and more of a gradual reduction in floor area as the terrain became hillier. In southern Lower Saxony the Hessian square farmstead ("Vierkanthof") is found well inside the Low German language area. In east Lower Saxony the "Niedersachsenhaus" and the square farmstead are interspersed like a mosaic. In Saxony-Anhalt there are none in the Magdeburg Börde and only a few in the Altmark.
This style of house typically appears in the following regions:
The Low German house occurs more or less in the areas settled by the Germanic tribes of the Saxons, thus leading its popular name, Low Saxon House, or "Niedersachsenhaus", which is based on the Old Saxon cultural region of Low Germany.
Regional features.
Within northern Germany the Low German house has numerous regional variations, such as those in the Vierlande and marshes near Hamburg and in the Altes Land near Stade. On these, the gable facing the road were steeply pitched, made of coloured brickwork and is often projecting. In addition the facades were decorated with neoclassical and renaissance designs of the Gründerzeit which lasted to about 1871. Gable design and decorations go back to the area of Hamburg. Another particularly impressive regional variation is the Low German house is found in the Artland near Osnabrück.
"See also:" Rieck-Huus on Low German Wikipedia
Neighbouring farmhouse types.
On the southern boundary of the Low German house region, as well as the multi-sided farmsteads, there is the historical "Ernhaus" type of farm, also referred to as the Middle German house ("mitteldeutsches Haus") or Frankish farmstead ("fränkisches Haus"). A northern neighbour of the "Fachhallenhaus" in the immediate vicinity of the North Sea coast was the Gulf house ("Gulfhaus") or Frisian farmstead ("Ostfriesenhaus") which is found in the marsh regions and, later, also on the geest areas of West Flanders, Frisia as far as Schleswig-Holstein (known there as a "Haubarg"). It had replaced the Old Frisian farmhouse in the 16th century. Another northern neighbour in the Southern Schleswig area is the "Geesthardenhaus", which also occurs in the whole of Jutland and hence is also called the "Cimbrian farmhouse".
Construction.
Externally a Low German house is recognisable from the great gateway at the gable end, its timber framework and the vast roof that sweeps down to just above head height. Originally it would have been thatched with reed; the last remaining examples with that type of roof are usually protected as listed buildings today.
The most important feature of the farmhouse, albeit one which is not externally visible, is its internal, wooden, post-and-beam construction which supports the entire building. The frame was originally made of oak, which was very durable, but from the 18th century it was also made from cheaper pinewood. To protect it from damp, the wooden posts rest on a stone foundation about 50 cm high, often made of fieldstone. The non weight-bearing external walls were built as timber frames, the panels of which were originally filled in with willow wickerwork and clay (wattle and daub) and, later, with brick. 
In damp moorland and marshy areas the weather-side of the many such buildings was faced with brick. In Westphalia, in addition to the usual timber-framed buildings, there are also hall farmhouses (mostly of the four-post type, see below) whose external walls are made of brick.
The two main forms of construction are the "Zweiständerhaus" (two-post farmhouse) and the "Vierständerhaus" (four-post farmhouse). The "Dreiständerhaus" (three-post farmhouse) is a transitional design.
"Zweiständerhaus".
Originally the Low German house took its simplest and basic form, the "Zweiständerhaus" or two-post farmhouse. This had two rows of uprights on which the ceiling joists rested. The two rows of posts ran the length of the building and created the great central threshing floor or "Diele" characteristic of this type of farmhouse. On the outside of the rows of uprights, underneath the eaves, low side rooms or bays known as "Kübbungen" were often built with non load-bearing external walls. These "Kübbungen" acted as stables or stalls for the cattle and gave this type of house its alternative name of "Kübbungshaus". A classic feature of the "Zweiständerhaus" is that the loft is not supported by the outside walls but only by the two rows of uprights that form part of the hall sides or walls.
"Dreiständerhaus".
The intermediate variant is the "Dreiständerhaus" or three-post farmhouse. This is an asymmetric version of the two- and four-post farmhouses, in which the roof ridge is located almost directly over one of the "Deele" walls. On this side the eaves are like those on the "Vierständerhaus", often at the height of the "Deele" ceiling. On the other side the rafters are arranged like those of a "Zweiständerhaus". Often the lower part of the roof is attached on both sides. 
"Vierständerhaus".
The design of the "Vierständerhaus" or four-post farmhouse is a more comfortable evolutionary development of the "Zweiständerhaus" built by well-to-do farmers. The building is supported by four rows of uprights arranged longitudinally, of which two form the sides of the "Deele" and two form the outer walls. So the outsider walls have a load-bearing function. In farmhouses of more affluent farmers there is also a clearer separation between living quarters and animal stalls.
"Durchgangshaus".
In addition to the normal floor plan there are also farmhouses with a large gateway at both gable ends of the building in order to enable carts to be driven through from end to end. In such a "Durchgangshaus" or "through house" the layout of the rooms was necessarily different. Even the hearth was not located in the usual place. This variant of the Low German house is often found in Holstein and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, but also occasionally in Westphalia too.
Roof shapes.
In Westphalia all these farmhouses have a gable roof. In parts of Lower Saxony and in Holstein there is a mix of farmhouses with gable and hipped-gable roofs, and in Mecklenburg almost all have hipped-gables. A pure hipped roof is rare.
Gable shapes.
The original location of the living accommodation in part of the "Deele" explains the very unusual layout of the Low German house. Whilst other 'all-in-one' farmhouses have their living quarters at the front, the Low German house across most of its native region has its main gateway at the front. The large gateway gable (colloquially: "Grotdörgiebel") was very carefully made. The frame and especially the lintel of the "Grote Dör" (great door) were adorned with inscriptions and decorations. On simple houses the gable above is just filled in with vertical timber laths; on more complicated buildings the timber-framing of the steep gable extends almost to the roof ridge. In the Altes Land projecting gables are preferred. In Schaumburg Land and the area around Hanover the gable is topped by a roof section sloping at about 80°.
The stepped gable on the living room side was only decorated in a few cases, for example, in the Vierlande where it was on the road-facing side.
Internal layout.
In the 18th century the Low German house was built ever larger, with a length of up to 50 m and width of 15 m. The farmhouse combined all the functions of life on the farm. In this way it was easy for the farmers to manage the whole of his livestock, family and farmhands.
"Diele".
The largest and most important room in the Low German house was the great central threshing floor, the "Diele" (Low German: "Deele", "Del"). This was usually entered via the great, rounded door at the gable end, known in Low German as the "Grote Dör", "Groot Dör" or "Grotendör" ("great door"). The door was also the entrance for harvest wagons leading to the "Diele" which was like a cavernous hall, hence the alternative name for this type of farmhouse, the "Hallenhaus" ("hall house"). The "Diele" was formed by the space between the two rows of supporting uprights. With its tamped clay floor it was the working room of the farmhouse. It was here that the harvest was gathered before being stored in the hayloft above. It also provided protection from the weather for activities, such as the drying of farm implements, the breaking of flax, the spinning of textiles or the threshing of grain. Celebrations, too, were held in the hall and recently deceased members of the family were laid out here. To both sides of the "Diele" were the half-open stalls or stables ("Kübbungen") for cattle or horses, as well as chambers for the maids and farmhands. Poultry would be kept near the entrance way at the edges of the hall. From the outset pigs were banished to separate sheds outside the building due to their smell. Only when living quarters and the "Diele" area were fully separated from one another could pigs also be encountered in the hall. The "Diele" opened out into the open eating and kitchen area, the so-called "Flett".
"Flett".
Originally, at the end of the "Diele" near the back of the farmhouse, was the Flett, an open kitchen and dining area that took up the entire width of the house. The open fireplace, about 1.5 metres across, was located in the middle of the "Flett" and was ringed with fieldstones. It was not like a hearth in other regions. Many types of cooking were not possible in this environment (*). Pots had to be high enough, in effect cauldrons, and were hung over the fire with pothooks attached to a wooden frame ("Rahmen") hanging over the fireplace, often decorated with horses heads. At night an iron grid was pulled over the fire to prevent sparks, a practice known by the English term "curfew". Well-to-do families had a candle arch ("Schwibbogen") of masonry instead of a wooden frame. Smoke escaped through an opening in the roof on the gable, the "Uhlenloch" (also "Eulenloch", literally: "owl hole"). The open fireplace meant that such buildings were considered as a particular fire risk by early fire insurance firms. The open fire also provided some heat to the stalls and living quarters of the "Hallenhaus". In this way, hay stored in the loft could be dried out and protected from vermin by the smoke. When the farmer's family and farm hands gathered for meal times, the best places were between the fireplace and the rooms. Because there was no partition between "Diele" and loft, winter temperatures in the "Flett" never rose above 12 °C.
A subsequent improvement was the extraction of smoke through a flue. Still later, a proper hearth would be added with a stone chimney. This made cooking easier and meant that the house was now free of smoke. On the down side, the hearth was no longer really a source of light and there was less energy for heating the house. Later still, one of the larger rooms would be built as a parlour with a separate stove heated from the "Diele".
When the division of rooms was fundamentally changed in the 19th century, a separate kitchen was established in the living accommodation at the back of the farmhouse. So the farmhouse, which had been divided longitudinally for such a long time, now had its different functions arranged transversely across the building.
(*) Bread was baked outside the farmhouse Hauses in an earth or stone oven. In northwest Germany this only had one chamber. It was first heated, then the embers were raked out and the loaves pushed inside, in order to be baked by the heat stored in the sides of the oven.
Living quarters.
Originally there were only open living areas at the back of the farmhouse on both sides of the fireplace. Here there were tables, chairs and wall beds and, of course, open contact with the animals. Not until after the Thirty Years War when the demand for living comfort grew, were separate rooms built at the back of the farmhouse, each the length of a bay (ca. 2.5 m) i.e. the space between the interior posts. This living space was called a "Kammerfach" from "Kammer" (room or chamber) and "Fach" (bay). One subsequent change was the addition of a cellar under the "Kammerfach", but it was not very deep. The separate living quarters were raised above the level of the main hall as if on a plinth and in the larger four-post farmhouses ("Vierständerhäuser") sometimes formed a sort of gallery.
Decoration.
The most eye-catching decoration of the otherwise drab "Fachhallenhaus" is found on the point of the gables and consists of carved wooden boards in the shape of (stylised) horses' heads. The boards do serve a constructional purpose in that they protect the edges of the roof from the wind. The horses' heads are attributed to the symbol of the Saxons, the Saxon Steed. Its distribution as decoration on roof ridges is also reflected in the coats of arms of several north Germany towns and villages. In some regions, e. g. in the Hanoverian Wendland, the gable points often have an artistically turned post instead, the so-called "Wendenknüppel".
Other decorations or mottos are usually found as inscriptions over the entranceway. The lintel gives the name of the builder, the year the house was built and often another saying. Occasionally modest decorations are found on the timber framed, front gable. They are designed into the brickwork of the panels and portray, for example, windmills, trees or geometric figures
Decline.
By the end of the 19th century this type of farmhouse was outmoded. What was once its greatest advantage - having everything under a single roof - now led to its decline. Rising standards of living meant that the smells, breath and manure from the animals was increasingly viewed as unhygienic. In addition the living quarters became too small for the needs of the occupants. Higher harvest returns and the use of farm machinery in the Gründerzeit led to the construction of modern buildings. The old stalls under the eaves were considered too small for today's cattle. Since the middle of the 19th century fewer and fewer of these farmhouses were built and some of the existing ones were converted to adapt to new circumstances. Often the old buildings were torn down in order to create space for new ones. In the original region where once the Low German house was common, it was increasingly replaced by the "Ernhaus" whose main characteristic was a separation of living quarters from the livestock sheds.
Present-day situation.
The Low German house is still found in great numbers in the countryside. Most of the existing buildings have however changed over the course of the centuries as modifications have been carried out. Those farmhouses that have survived in their original form are mainly to be found in open air museums like the Westphalian Open Air Museum at Detmold ("Westfälisches Freilichtmuseum Detmold") and the Cloppenburg Museum Village ("Museumsdorf Cloppenburg"). The latter has set itself the task of uncovering rural historic buildings in Lower Saxony and documenting the most important examples accurately. For the state of Schleswig-Holstein the Schleswig-Holstein Open Air Museum ("Schleswig-Holsteinisches Freilichtmuseum") in Kiel-Molfsee is the most important one with its large collection of "Fachhallenhäuser" and the like. Several of these buildings may also be found at the Kiekeberg Open Air Museum ("Freilichtmuseum am Kiekeberg") and the Volksdorf Museum Village ("Museumsdorf Volksdorf") in Hamburg; Examples from the eastern part of the "Hallenhaus" region are displayed in the Schwerin-Kueß Open Air Museum ("Freilichtmuseum Schwerin-Mueß").
At the end of the 20th century old timber-framed houses, including the Low German house, were seen as increasingly valuable. As part of a renewed interest in the past, many buildings were restored and returned to residential use. In various towns and villages, such as Wolfsburg-Kästorf, Isernhagen and Dinklage, new timber-framed homes were built during the 1990s, whose architecture is reminiscent of the historic "Hallenhäuser".

</doc>
<doc id="9780776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780776" title="Information schema">
Information schema

In relational databases, the information schema is an ANSI standard set of read-only views which provide information about all of the tables, views, columns, and procedures in a database. It can be used as a source of the information which some databases make available through non-standard commands, such as the codice_1 command of MySQL, the codice_2 command of Oracle, and the codice_3 command of PostgreSQL.
codice_4

</doc>
<doc id="9780801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780801" title="Coastal cutthroat trout">
Coastal cutthroat trout

The coastal cutthroat trout ("Oncorhynchus clarki clarki") also known as the sea run cutthroat, or harvest trout is one of 14 subspecies of cutthroat trout found in Western North America. The coastal cutthroat trout occurs in four distinct forms. A semi-anadromous or sea-run form is the most well known. Freshwater forms occur in both large and small rivers and streams and lake environments. The native range of the coastal cutthroat trout extends south from the southern coastline of the Kenai Peninsula in Alaska to the Eel River in Northern California. Coastal cutthroat trout are resident in tributary streams and rivers of the Pacific basin and are rarely found more than from the ocean.
Adults migrate from the ocean to spawn in fresh water. Juveniles migrate to the sea where they feed and become sexually mature before returning to fresh water to overwinter and spawn. Unlike steelhead and Pacific salmon, coastal cutthroat do not make lengthy migrations out to sea. Generally speaking, coastal cutthroat will remain in or near estuarine waters, usually within 5–10 mi (10–15 km) of their natal stream. Some cutthroat, however, have been shown to move as far as 70 mi (110 km) into the open ocean. There are also lacustrine and riverine populations that spend their entire lives in freshwater. One such population is the trout of Lake Crescent in Washington state that was formerly considered to be a separate subspecies called the Crescenti trout, "Oncorhynchus clarki crescenti".
Taxonomy.
Cutthroat trout were given the name "Salmo clarki" in honor of William Clark, who co-led the expedition of 1804–1806. One of Lewis and Clark's missions was to describe the flora and fauna encountered during the expedition. The type specimen of "S. clarki" was described by naturalist John Richardson from a tributary of the lower Columbia River, identified as the "Katpootl", which was perhaps the Lewis River as there was a Multnomah village of similar name at the confluence. This type specimen was most likely the coastal cutthroat subspecies. In 1989, morphological and genetic studies by Gerald R. Smith, the Curator of Fishes at the Museum of Zoology, and Ralph F. Stearley, a doctoral candidate at Museum of Paleontology (University of Michigan) indicated trout of the Pacific basin were genetically closer to Pacific salmon ("Onchorhynchus" species) than to the "Salmos"–brown trout ("S. trutta") or Atlantic salmon ("S. salar") of the Atlantic basin. Thus, in 1989, taxonomic authorities moved the rainbow, cutthroat and other Pacific basin trout into the genus "Oncorhynchus".
Description.
Freshwater forms of the coastal cutthroat trout are generally dark green to greenish-blue on back, olive-green on upper flank, silvery on lower flank and belly. They display more numerous flank spots below lateral line, irregular spots on dorsal, adipose and caudal fins and the anal, pectoral and pelvic fin bases. The gill covers are pinkish. Sea-run forms while in salt water and shortly after returning to fresh water are silvery with a bluish back, yellowish lower flanks and fins, and display sparse spots. Cutthroats usually display distinctive red, pink, or orange linear marks along the undersides of their mandibles in the lower folds of the gill plates. These markings are responsible for the common name "cutthroat" given to the trout by outdoor writer Charles Hallock in an 1884 article in "The American Angler"., although the red slashes are not unique to the cutthroat trout and some coastal rainbow trout and redband trout also display throat slashes. The sea-run forms of coastal cutthroat average , while stream-resident forms attain much smaller sizes .
Lifecycle.
Coastal cutthroat trout usually inhabit and spawn in small to moderately large, clear, well-oxygenated, shallow rivers with gravel bottoms. They are native to the alluvial or freestone streams that are typical tributaries of the Pacific Basin. They typically spawn from December through June, with peak spawning in February. Eggs begin to hatch within six to seven weeks of spawning. Spawning begins when water temperatures reach 43 to 46°F (6 to 8°C). Depending on temperature, alevins emerge as fry between March and June, with peak emergence in mid-April. Lake-resident coastal cutthroat trout are usually found in moderately deep, cool lakes with adequate shallows and vegetation for good food production. Lake populations generally require access to gravel-bottomed streams to be self-sustaining, but occasionally spawn on shallow gravel beds with good water circulation.
Cutthroat trout naturally interbreed with the closely related rainbow trout, producing fertile hybrids commonly called "cutbows" although this is a much rarer occurrence with the coastal cutthroat trout because of reproductive isolation as the coastal cutthroat trout is the only cutthroat subspecies to coevolve through its entire range with the coastal rainbow trout (O. mykiss irideus). As this hybrid generally bears similar coloration and overall appearance to the cutthroat, retaining the characteristic orange-red slash, these hybrids often pose a taxonomic difficulty.
Range and habitat.
The native range of the coastal cutthroat trout extends south from the southern coastline of the Kenai Peninsula in Alaska to the Eel River in Northern California. Coastal cutthroat trout are resident in tributary streams and rivers of the Pacific basin and are rarely found more than from the ocean. Semi-anadromous, stream resident, fluvial and lake resident forms exist. The great majority of coastal cutthroat trout habitat coincides with the belt of Pacific coast coniferous rainforest that extends from Alaksa southward into Northern California.
Coastal cutthroat trout use a large variety of habitat types, including lower and upper reaches of both large and small river systems, estuaries, sloughs, ponds, lakes, and near shore ocean waters. They spend more time in fresh water environments than other anadromous Pacific salmonids. In fresh water they prefer deeper pool habitat and cover, such as that formed by woody debris. The semi-anadromous forms of coastal cutthroat trout do not overwinter in saltwater and rarely make extended migrations across large bodies of water. Migrations in the marine environment are usually within of land. Semi-anadromous coastal cutthroat typically spend two to five years rearing in fresh water before making their initial migration into saltwater. Generally, semi-anadromous coastal cutthroat trout spend short periods offshore during summer months and return to estuaries and fresh water by fall or winter.
Conservation status.
The coastal cutthroat is a secure subspecies of the cutthroat trout. Although there has been a general population decline of the sea-run form throughout its native range since the 19th century, none of the populations in the United States or British Columbia are considered threatened or endangered. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, in cooperation with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, National Marine Fisheries Service and state wildlife agencies has designated ten distinct population segments (DPS) from Alaska to California., A comprehensive status review of the DPSs in 1999 determined that only one DPS, the Southwestern Washington/Columbia River DPS be proposed for threatened status under the Endangered Species Act. On July 5, 2002, after lengthy public comment and scientific evaluation, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife service withdrew its proposal to list the Southwestern Washington/Columbia River DPS as threatened.
Stream resident, fluvial and lake forms are secure within their native range and supplemented by stocking of hatchery raised fish in Washington and Oregon.
Angling.
Sea-run coastal cutthroat trout fishery 

</doc>
<doc id="9780811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780811" title="Bjelopavlići">
Bjelopavlići

Bjelopavlići () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9780813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780813" title="Ba Chúc massacre">
Ba Chúc massacre

The Ba Chúc Massacre was carried out by the Kampuchean Revolutionary Army on April 18, 1978 in Ba Chúc, Tri Tôn, An Giang Province, southern Vietnam. Of those who had lived in Ba Chúc, 3,157 civilians were killed. Only two survived the massacre. The attack was one of the events that prompted the Vietnamese invasion of Kampuchea.

</doc>
<doc id="9780814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780814" title="White Snake (album)">
White Snake (album)

White Snake is the first solo album by David Coverdale, released in 1977. Coverdale would use the album title as the name of his future band, first known as "David Coverdale's Whitesnake" and soon afterwards shortened to just Whitesnake. This album is often incorrectly called "Whitesnake", and should not be confused with the 1987 album of similar name.
Background and writing.
As his first solo effort, Coverdale later admitted: "It's very difficult to think back and talk sensible about the first album. "White Snake" had been a very inward looking, reflective and low-key affair in many ways, written and recorded as it was in the aftermath of the collapse of Deep Purple."
Track listing.
All songs written by David Coverdale and Micky Moody, except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="9780826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780826" title="Chen Sing">
Chen Sing

Chen Sing (also Shin Chan, Hsing Chen, Xing Chen, Chen Xing) (born 1936, in Thailand) is a Thai-born actor whose film career centered around the Hong Kong movie industry.
Biography.
Chen Sing was born in 1936 in Thailand. At age four he moved back to Hainan, China with his parents. He had his education in Wen Chang (Chee Wei Village), End of River village. He spent his high school years at Haikou First Middle School. Later, he became a teacher, went to university (Wah Nam Agriculture University, Guangdong), moved to Hong Kong in 1958, and began working in the movie industry.
His first appearance was with the Shaw Brothers Studio in "Dead End" in 1969. In 1972 he left Shaw Brothers. He got his first break in the movie "The Bloody Fists" in 1972. This hit movie led to more promising roles, usually as the villain, in both studio and independent films.
He was one of the pioneers of kung fu movies. Like the actors Pai Ying and Chan Hung Lit, Chen was considered "typecast-right" from the beginning of his acting career for villain roles. His exotic Southeast Asian features, his mustache, and his strength marked him as different from the smooth-faced, Eurasian-looking actors favored by the big Hong Kong studios. He was cast against type as an heroic undercover agent battling vicious crooks in "Tough Guy" (aka "Kung Fu the Headcrusher") (1972) or Japanese subversives Yasuaki Kurata ("Tiger vs. Dragon", 1972, or "Rage of the Wind", 1973).
When Chen was not acting, he was a karate instructor for Gōjū-ryū & Goju Kai karate. He was also a Hong Kong prison policeman for the prison system and demonstrated for the Singapore police system with Sunny Tan.
By the early 1990s, with the end of Hong Kong's status as a British colony approaching, Chen opted to leave the Hong Kong film industry. In 1996, newly married, he moved with his Indonesian-Chinese wife and infant son, first to Indonesia, and soon thereafter to Vancouver and Toronto, where he still lives in retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="9780862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780862" title="Unbalance Unbalance">
Unbalance Unbalance

Unbalance Unbalance (; lit. "Unbalance ×2") is a Korean manhwa series written by Dall-Young Lim and illustrated by Soo-Hyun Lee. The series focuses on Jin-Ho Myung, a high school senior, and his romantic relationship with his homeroom teacher, Hae-Young Nah. The manhwa began biweekly serialization in "Young Champ" magazine in May 2005, and the first volume was released on June 15, 2005 by Daewon C.I.. The series had a long hiatus following the release of the ninth volume, and resumed serialization in "Young Champ" from October 2010 to October 2011. The tenth and final volume was released by Daewon C.I. on January 13, 2012. "Unbalance Unbalance" was licensed in North America by Infinity Studios, and released the first volume on January 11, 2007. A drama CD was released in Japan in September 2009.
Story.
Jin-Ho Myung returns a wallet and cell phone to a beautiful young woman (Hae-Young Nah) in a book shop, little realizing that she would find out that he has already (rather presumptuously) taken 7000 won to buy a book he really wanted. The woman in question is understandably rather upset but decides to consider the money as a loan, which she expects to be paid back.
On the first day of the new school year, he learns, to his horror, that the very same woman is to be his new homeroom teacher. The bad news for Jin-Ho is that she remembers their previous encounter very well.
As the school year progresses, Jin-Ho and Hae-Young's relationship grows and develops despite Ji-Soo (Jin-Ho's classmate and their class president) and Jae-Kyung (Jin-Ho's old friend and former president of the Film Studies Club) having feelings toward Jin-Ho. Carrie, Hae-Young's half-sister from England, also makes her move towards Jin-Ho but she understands Jin-Ho's love to Hae-Young.
Currently, Jin-Ho denies Jae-Kyung's confession of love. Jae-Kyung regretfully accepts Jin-Ho's decision on loving Hae-Young instead of her. As Jin-Ho leaves the Film Studies Club room, Jae-Kyung cries in total depression. She soon has a mental breakdown, in which she wears her high school uniform and goes back to school, reminiscing her old days as the president of the Film Studies Club and thinking about Jin-Ho. Jin-Ho soon learns about Jae-Kyung's condition and she is rushed to the hospital. In hopes of bringing her back to normal, the doctor suggests Jin-Ho to support and love her in order for her to recover much faster. Later, Hae-Young arrives at Jin-Ho's house, telling she will do anything in Jin-Ho's desire. Jin-Ho, knowing Jae-Kyung's mental condition, becomes hesitant and suddenly did nothing which makes their relationship split apart. As Hae-Young breaks down in tears, Jin-Ho goes to the hospital, telling Jae-Kyung (who is now recovering) that he and Hae-Young had finally broke up. Jae-Kyung hears Jin-Ho's tearful confession, and relies on her hope that Jin-Ho might choose her.
Following her break-up with Jin-Ho, Hae-Young decides to resign from her post after the first semester of school. Ji-Soo later asks if Jin-Ho was aware of this fact and if Jae-Kyung was involved, but Jin-Ho denies the involvement of Jae-Kyung and claims that he no longer loves Hae-Young. Ji-Soo later goes to see Jae-Kyung where she overhears her phone call, saying that she had already recovered. After hearing the phone call, Ji-Soo confronts Jae-Kyung, who claims that she doesn't know Ji-Soo, who beats her out of anger for tricking Jin-Ho.
Hae-Young eventually goes to the airport to leave Korea, which she confesses to Caroline that she's happy to be her sister. When she arrives in the UK, she is confronted by Jin-Ho who hands her a device resembling an iPad containing a video message from Jae-Kyung.
Characters.
The characters' original names are shown on the left, while their names from the Japanese version appear on the right. Only Carrie, Ami, and Mi-Na retain their names in both versions.
Media.
Manhwa.
"Unbalance Unbalance" began biweekly serialization in Daewon C.I.'s "Young Champ" magazine on May 30, 2005. The first bound volume was released in South Korea on June 25, 2005 under their "Young Comics" imprint, and sold ten volumes until January 13, 2012, spanning 82 chapters throughout its run. The series had a long hiatus following the release of the ninth volume, and resumed serialization in "Young Champ" from October 5, 2010 to October 1, 2011. The manhwa was licensed in North America by Infinity Studios, and released two volumes of the series between January 11, 2007 and December 12, 2007 prior to its closure.
"Unbalance Unbalance" has been licensed for international releases in a number of languages. It is licensed in France by Tokebi, in Hong Kong, Macau and in China by Asia Comics, in Russia by Comics Factory, and in Japan by Kill Time Communication, where it was serialized in "Comic Valkyrie" from the November 2010 issue (published on September 27, 2010) to the January 2012 issue (published on November 28, 2011). The Japanese releases feature unique cover art designs and uncensored scenes, as well as being localized to better suit Japanese readers. In a Japanese interview with Dall-Young Lim, the author of the series, he claims the reasons for the unedited scenes is due to Korea's stricter censorship policy keeping him from doing so. He also claims he has much more freedom in terms of mature content with the Japanese version than with the Korean version.
Drama CD.
A drama CD produced by Indies Mega was released in Japan on September 26, 2009. It featured Tomokazu Sugita and Kikuko Inoue as the voices of Kenichi Kando (Jin-Ho Myung) and Elina Takanashi (Hae-Young Nah), respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="9780869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780869" title="Manuel Iturra">
Manuel Iturra

Manuel Rolando Iturra Urrutia (born 23 June 1984) is a Chilean professional footballer who plays for Granada CF in Spain, as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Temuco, Iturra made his top division debuts with Club Universidad de Chile in 2003, aged 19. He proceeded to be a first-team regular from his second season onwards, helping "La U" to the 2004 and 2009 Apertura tournaments.
In January 2011 Iturra was loaned to U.D. Leiria in Portugal, making his top level debut on 12 February by playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 away win against C.D. Nacional. He started in all but one of the league games he featured in for the club as it eventually finished in tenth position and, at the end on the season, signed on a permanent basis.
For 2011–12 Iturra joined Real Murcia in the Spanish second division, on loan. After appearing heavily during the campaign he returned to Leiria, where he had his contract terminated.
On 28 August 2012, free agent Iturra became the first summer signing of Málaga CF, as a direct replacement for Enzo Maresca who had signed for U.C. Sampdoria a few days before. He made his official debut on 18 September in the club's first-ever UEFA Champions League group stage match, coming on as a half-time substitute for Francisco Portillo in a 3–0 home win over FC Zenit Saint Petersburg.
On 16 January 2013 Iturra scored his first goal for Málaga, profiting from a defensive scramble to put the visitors ahead at the Camp Nou against FC Barcelona, in an eventual 2–2 draw for the season's Copa del Rey (4–6 aggregate loss).
International career.
Iturra made his debut for Chile on 18 August 2005, against Peru. On 24 May of the following year, he scored the game's only goal in a friendly match with the Republic of Ireland.
Iturra represented the nation at the 2007 Copa América in Venezuela, helping it to the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="9780874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780874" title="Liebe ist ... 2">
Liebe ist ... 2

Liebe ist ... 2 ("Love Is...2") is the twenty-first studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. Compared to their previous three releases, this album was a moderate success. As with Liebe ist ..., it contained only cover versions of well-known oldies.
Personnel.
Olaf Malolepski - guitars, lead vocals<br>
Bernd Hengst - bass guitar, vocals<br>
Manfred Durban - percussion, vocals

</doc>
<doc id="9780904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780904" title="Peiros">
Peiros

The Peiros () is a river in the central and the northwestern parts of Achaea, Greece. The river is known locally under several names including "Kamenitsa" (Καμενίτσα), "Mellas" (Μέλλας), "Pieros" (Πίερος), "Nezeritiko" (Νεζερίτικο), "Prevedos" (Πρέβεδος) and "Acheloos" (Αχελώος). One of its tributaries is the Tytheus, also known as "Parapeiros". 
Geography.
The Peiros is the longest river in Achaea. It rises in the northeastern part of the Erymanthos mountains, near the village Lakkomata. It passes through the municipal units of Farres, Olenia and Dymi. It flows into the Gulf of Patras between the towns Alissos and Kato Achaia. There are several bridges over the Peiros, including the bridges of the Greek National Road 9/E55 (Patras - Pyrgos - Kyparissia) and the OSE's railway line Patras - Pyrgos. 
Two ancient cities were situated near the river: Olenos and Pharae.
References.
GFDL."

</doc>
<doc id="9780918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780918" title="Wait (system call)">
Wait (system call)

In modern computer operating systems, a process (or task) may wait on another process to complete its execution. In most systems, a parent process can create an independently executing child process. The parent process may then issue a "wait" system call, which suspends the execution of the parent process while the child executes. When the child process terminates, it returns an exit status to the operating system, which is then returned to the waiting parent process. The parent process then resumes execution.
Modern operating systems also provide system calls that allow process threads to create other threads and wait for them to terminate ("join" them) in a similar fashion.
An operating system may provide variations of the "wait" call that allow a process to wait for any of its children processes to exit, or to wait for a single specific child process (identified by its process-ID) to exit.
Some operating systems issue a signal (SIGCHLD) to the parent process when a child process terminates, notifying the parent process and allowing it to then retrieve the child process's exit status.
The exit status returned by a child process typically indicates whether the process terminated normally or abnormally. For normal termination, this status also includes the exit code (usually a small integer value) that the process returned to the system.
Zombies and orphans.
When a child process terminates, it becomes a "zombie process," and continues to exist as an entry in the system process table even though it is no longer an actively executing program. Under normal operation it will typically be immediately waited on by its parent, and then reaped by the system, reclaiming the resource (the process table entry). If a child is not waited on by its parent, it continues to consume this resource indefinitely, and thus is a resource leak. Such situations are typically handled with a special "reaper" process that locates zombies and retrieves their exit status, allowing the operating system to then deallocate their resources.
Conversely, a child process whose parent process terminates before it does becomes an "orphan process". Such situations are typically handled with a special "root" (or "init") process, which is assigned as the new parent of a process when its parent process exits. This special process detects when an orphan process terminates and then retrieves its exit status, allowing the system to deallocate the terminated child process.

</doc>
<doc id="9780946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780946" title="Rudolf Kelterborn">
Rudolf Kelterborn

Rudolf Kelterborn (born 3 September 1931, in Basel) is a Swiss musician and composer.
Life.
Kelterborn studied in Basel, Detmold, Salzburg, and Zürich, among other places, with the composers Walther Geiser, Willy Burkhard, Boris Blacher, Günter Bialas, and Wolfgang Fortner. In his own teaching career, Kelterborn has served as a lecturer and professor at a number of music colleges in Germany and in Switzerland, where he directed the Basel Music Academy from 1983 to 1994. Kelterborn also headed the music division of Swiss German radio from 1974 to 1980.
Farther afield, Kelterborn has held guest lecturerships in the United States, England, Japan, China, and Eastern Europe. His works have been performed throughout Europe, the United States, and Japan, and he has also been active as a conductor on the international scene.
Works.
Kelterborn's oeuvre covers many different musical genres and includes five operas, orchestral works (some with solo instruments, voices, or electronics), chamber music, and vocal works. His four-act opera "Der Kirschgarten" inaugurated the newly rebuilt Zürich Opera House in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9780954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780954" title="Matheolus Perusinus">
Matheolus Perusinus

Matheolus Perusinus (Mattheolus de Perusio, Mattiolo Mattioli, Matthiolus de Matthiolis, Matthiolus de Matthiolis) (died 1480) was a professor of philosophy and medicine.[http://www.unisi.it/docentes/perugia/docenti-m-n.html] He was a native of Perugia (hence his name), and died at Padua. 
He was the tutor of Hartmann Schedel and the author of a work on human memory ("Tractatus Artis Mememorativæ").

</doc>
<doc id="9780957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780957" title="Eric Pino">
Eric Pino

Eric Pino Caro (born April 15, 1986) is a Chilean midfielder, who currently plays for Boa Esporte. His professional debut came in 2005.
Career.
He joined Brazilian club Boa Esporte on February 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9780961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780961" title="Case definition">
Case definition

A case definition from a broader sense encompassing it is used in more than just medical terms. A "case" is a request for a service for a subject - customer, employee, or citizen. The "case" has supporting information - documents, data, forms, etc. - as part of the request for service. The "case" is managed by a "knowledge worker" or "subject matter expert" - health services professional, law enforcement professional, government agent, human resources professional, financial services professional, etc. - who in context of the "case" information and set in their experience will resolve the outcome of the "case". 
A medical centric case definition is the method by which public health professionals define who is included as a "case" in an outbreak investigation, (i.e. a person considered directly affected by an outbreak) or in the surveillance of public health conditions. A case definition has the following characteristics, it defines a case in time, person and place. Time criteria may include all cases of a disease identified from, for example, January 1, 2008 to March 1, 2008. Person criteria may include age, gender, ethnicity, and clinical characteristics such as symptoms (e.g. cough and fever), clinical tests (e.g. pneumonia on chest X-ray). Place criteria will usually include a geographical entity such as a town, state, or country but may be as small as an institution, a school class, or a restaurant meal session. Case definitions may also be categorised into suspect, probable and confirmed cases. For example in the investigation of an outbreak of pneumococcal pneumonia in a nursing home the case definition may be specified as: Suspect Case: All residents of Nursing Home A with onset of cough and fever between January 1, 2008 and February 1, 2008. Probable Case: Meet the suspect case definition plus have pneumonia on chest X-ray.Confirmed Case: Meet the probable case definition plus have pneumococcal infection confirmed by blood culture or other isolation of pneumococci from normally sterile site. By creating a case definition, public health professionals are better equipped to study an outbreak and determine possible causes. As investigations proceed, this definition may be expanded or narrowed. This is characteristic of the dynamic nature of outbreak investigations.
See also.
There are two types of case definition. One is sensitive and another one is specific. A sensitive case definition will capture all cases, but will include many non-cases. A specific case definition will exclude most non-cases, but will also exclude some actual cases.

</doc>
<doc id="9780972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780972" title="Cleofonte Campanini">
Cleofonte Campanini

Cleofonte Campanini (September 1, 1860 – December 19, 1919) was an Italian conductor. His brother was the tenor Italo Campanini.
Born in Parma, Campanini studied music at that city's conservatory, making his debut with a performance of "Carmen", also in Parma, in 1883. That year he was invited to New York City during the inaugural season of the Metropolitan Opera, and was offered a position as assistant conductor with the company. Five years later he returned to the United States to lead the American premiere of Giuseppe Verdi's "Otello" at the Academy of Music. Desdemona was sung by Eva Tetrazzini, who Campanini had married in 1887.
He conducted at São Carlos, Lisbon, from 1888 to 1903 on some of the opera seasons, where he conducted, among others, the premiere of Augusto Machado's "Mario Wetter" (1898) and Alfredo Keil's "A Serrana" (1899) (considered the best Portuguese opera), with Eva Tetrazzini in the leading roles. Campanini conducted at La Scala for three years, where he conducted the premiere of Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" in 1904. In 1906 he was appointed artistic director of the newly formed Manhattan Opera Company. He stayed there for three years before resigning over artistic disagreements with the company's manager, Oscar Hammerstein I. In 1910 he became the first conductor of the Chicago Opera, remaining there until his death; he brought the company with him in 1918 to New York for a four-week season that included Amelita Galli-Curci's first appearance in the city. He was initiated as an honorary member of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia Fraternity in 1917. From 1915 to his death in 1919, Campanini was artistic director and principal conductor of the Chicago Opera Association.
Campanini was known for his association with French opera, and introduced numerous works to the United States; these included "Hérodiade", "I gioielli della Madonna", "Louise", "Pelléas et Mélisande", "Monna Vanna", Jules Massenet's "Sapho", and "Thaïs". Campanini died in Chicago in 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="9780982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9780982" title="Black-capped gnatcatcher">
Black-capped gnatcatcher

The Black-capped Gnatcatcher ("Polioptila nigriceps") is a very small songbird.
Adults are blue-grey on the upperparts with white underparts, with a long slender bill and a long black tail with white outer tailbands on the uppertail. The undertail is extensively white, showing black only along a thin vertical center line and at the very tip. Males show a prominent black cap. This species is very similar to the California Gnatcatcher and the Black-tailed Gnatcatcher.
Their breeding habitat occurs in riparian woodlands of western and northwestern Mexico. It has occasionally nested just across the border in southernmost Arizona, (the Madrean sky islands area), of the United States where it is infrequently found in the summer. They build a small cup nest most often in a horizontal limb of a small tree or shrub. Both parents construct the nest and feed the young. The female normally lays 4 eggs.
These birds are primarily non-migratory, remaining in breeding territories year round.
They forage actively in trees or shrubs, mainly eating insects. They may hover over foliage-(gleaning), or fly to catch insects in flight-(hawking).

</doc>
<doc id="9781010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781010" title="List of Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs records">
List of Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs records

The Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs are a professional rugby league club in the National Rugby League (NRL), the premier rugby league football competition in Australasia.
Based in Belmore, a suburb of Sydney, the Bulldogs in 1935 were admitted to the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) competition, a predecessor of the current NRL competition.
The Bulldogs won their first premiership in just their fourth season (1938). At the time it made them the quickest club (barring the founding clubs) to win a premiership after admission to the competition, a record which was only recently beaten in 1999 by the Melbourne Storm. They won a second premiership in 1942 but then had to wait another 38 years before breaking through for a third title in 1980. During the 80s, the Bulldogs were a dominant force in the competition appearing in five Grand Finals, 1980, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1988, winning four of them which was 1980 (18-4 against Eastern Suburbs), 1984 (6-4 against Parramatta Eels), 1985 (7-6 against St. George Dragons) and 1988 (24-12 against Balmain Tigers), only to lose in 1986 (4-2 against Parramatta Eels). In the 90s they featured in the 1994, 1995 and 1998 Grand Finals, winning in 1995 (17-4 against Manly Sea Eagles), but losing in 1994 (36-12 against Canberra Raiders) and in 1998 (38-12 against Brisbane Broncos). Their most recent success was in 2004 when they beat the Sydney Roosters 16-13. The tryscorers were Hazem El Masri and Matt Utai, and the Clive Churchill Medal winner was Willie Mason.
Club Records.
Biggest Comeback.
Recovered from a 20-point deficit.
Worst Collapse.
Surrendered a 20-point lead.
Scoring Records.
Most Points in a Match
Most Points in a Match (Lose)
Highest Score Conceded
Most Points for Club
Most Points in a Season
Most Tries for Club
Most Tries in a Match
Most Goals in a Match
^ denotes premiership record
+ denotes club record for biggest win and most points in a match
Streak Records.
Longest Winning Streak
Longest Losing Streak
Player Records.
"Current to Round 17, 2012"
Games Records.
All-time Top 5 Bulldogs Appearances
Tries Records.
All-time Top 5 Bulldogs Tryscorers
Goals Records.
All-time Top 5 Bulldogs Goalscorers
Field Goals Records.
All-time Top 5 Bulldogs Field Goal scorers
Points Records.
All-time Top 5 Bulldogs Pointscorers

</doc>
<doc id="9781013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781013" title="Sheglank'd Shoulders">
Sheglank'd Shoulders

Sheglank'd Shoulders (aka Calgary Slashers) is a skatepunk band from Calgary, Canada. The band's members are Dan Izzo on vocals, Wolfgang on guitar and vocals, Adam on drums and Todd Harkness on bass. Their songs deal mostly with skateboarding, being too hurt to skate, and energy drinks. Izzo is also the leader singer of The Motherfuckers. Sheglank'd Shoulders have released a full length album and two 7" singles, and have been praised by the likes of Thrasher, Absolute Underground and Maximumrocknroll. 
The band is currently on a somewhat temporary hiatus, with shows maybe once or twice every year at most. The band recorded 2 songs: "Skate Pit" and "Skate Assassin" in March 2009 for a proposed split 7" with Victoria, B.C.'s The Hoosegow, which may or may not ever come out. In the summer of 2009 the much-delayed "Nervous Breakdown" covers 7" was released in a limited run of only 75 copies and quickly went out of print. There are no plans to reissue it. 
Currently the members of Sheglank'd play in various other bands. Izzo and Harkness play in The Spastic Panthers, who released their debut 7" in the summer of 2009. Drummer Adam was in the Fun Fun's, who have since disbanded, and he has moved on to other projects. Wolfgang is a member of several bands including Shock Appeal and New Krime.

</doc>
<doc id="9781045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781045" title="FK Bokelj">
FK Bokelj

FK Bokelj is a Montenegrin football club based in the town of Kotor. In 2006-2007 season they made greatest success with promotion to the Montenegrin First League.
History.
History of Bokelj started at the second decade of 20th century. After the war, Bokelj participated in fourth and third league - the Republic league of Montenegro. 
From second half of 90's, club from Kotor played in the Second league of FR Yugoslavia, and at the Third league, with a few seasons at the top of the table.
At the first season of Montenegrin national championship, Bokelj played at the Second league. At the end of 2006/07. season, they finished second in Montenegrin Second League, and were promoted to the first league after beating FK Jedinstvo from Bijelo Polje in the playoffs.
First, historic match in the highest level, Bokelj played at the 11 August 2007. in Pljevlja, against FK Rudar Pljevlja (0:0). Another Memorable day for them was on 15 December 2007 when they beat FK Zeta 0-1 in Golubovci, Podgorica.
Stadium.
Bokelj's home ground is Stadion pod Vrmcem at the Rakite suburb in Kotor. Today, stadium has capacity about 5,000 places and only one terrace. Except Bokelj's matches, at the stadion pod Vrmcem every year is playing final match of Nikša Bućin Cup, competition for third-league clubs from south Montenegro.
At the future, on location of stadion pod Vrmcem will be built new stadium. New ground will be all-seated, with four terraces, with capacity of 9,000 seats.
In addition to the main field is an auxiliary field with artificial grass that is used for competitions in the junior categories.

</doc>
<doc id="9781073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781073" title="FK Bratstvo Cijevna">
FK Bratstvo Cijevna

FK Bratstvo Cijevna is a Montenegrin football club based in Cijevna, the suburb of Podgorica. They currently compete in the Montenegrin Third League.
<br>Club: Fudbalski Klub Bratstvo Cijevna
<br>Ground: Stadion Bratstva, Cijevna
<br>Capacity: 200

</doc>
<doc id="9781092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781092" title="Joel Soto">
Joel Soto

Joel Antonio Torres Soto (born in Valparaiso, Chile on 9 April 1982) is a Chilean footballer plays as a striker and winger and is currently unattached. His childhood was spent in the Cerro Toro of Valparaíso then was enrolled in Santiago Wanderers at an early age. His debut as a professional was on the 1998 season.
Beginning in Wanderers.
During the 1998 season, Santiago Wanderers had a team with many talented players but at that same season his team dropped to the second division of Chilean football. During the 1999 season, like the previous season, he did not have the chance to play since the time the team had a particularly good goal scoring figure in Reinaldo Navia. The following year and back in the first division he began to consider several offers for different teams and began to assert himself.
Success in Wanderers.
In 2001, the Santiago Wanderers made several changes and Joel became stronger in front of the post holder and with much more experience, he started to become a figure alongside other players like Jaime Riveros, Moises Villarroel and Silvio Fernandez. During this season he was called to be in part of the roster for the national team sub-20 to compete in the under-20 World Cup but the bitter fact was that he and along with other teammates, was involved in an act of indiscretion, which led to his demotion to be trained with a lesser team. Once he came back with the Santiago Wanderers, he became one of the leader scores which resulted in a world championship place for his team, the first one for Santiago Wanderers in 33 years.
During the 2002 season for the first time in his career he disputed an international cup, the Copa Libertadores, where his team was eliminated in the first round but achieving good results versus the current champion, Boca Juniors, a tie in Argentina and a victory in Chile were crucial for Soto.
In the same 2002 season, Soto continued playing for Santiago Wanderers for the national championship and scoring more goals, rumors emerged from people linked to big national football clubs like Club América and Boca Juniors, and even a team from France. In that same year, he also achieved playing for the first time in the Copa Sudamericana where he reached the quarterfinals. Everything was achieved during this season which earned him a spot on the roster for the adult national team playing in some practice games.
Finally, despite all the rumors about his departure from Santiago Wanderers nothing was finalized in particular because of the problems with the leadership and continuous playing for the love of the club, he even went into a tournament for the first time, he was elected by his peers as team captain.
Transfer to Mexico.
After so many rumors about his transfer finally in mid-2003 is transferred to Mexican soccer to Chiapas earlier in the tournament had been descended. Yet the Jaguars could not achieve a good performance, it was no longer the same as playing at Santiago Wanderers, on this table Buenos Aires wanted to have it back for the 2004 season but the economic gap could not make it succeed, and that Soto had no intentions of returning to Chilean football because it cost a lot for going abroad.
Despite its low yield, their calls to the selection were not integrated and the preparation of the Selection Sub pre-23 to compete in pre-Olympic to be held in Chile.
Return to the Chilean Football.
During the tournament pre Sudamerican Sub-23 in Chile, Soto wished for his return to Chile but this time not played by Santiago Wanderers, he took part in the Chile's most popular soccer club, Colo-Colo. Soto came to the club for six months on loan as a reinforcement for the Copa Libertadores in 2004 where they failed to pass through to the first round. Colo-Colo was unable to pay him well and in nine matches where only two single achievements were made before his former club, Santiago Wanderers. To this day, he is playing for Unión La Calera.

</doc>
<doc id="9781099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781099" title="Hermann Welcker">
Hermann Welcker

Hermann Welcker (April 8, 1822 – September 12, 1897) was a German anatomist and anthropologist who was born in Giessen. He was a nephew to philologist Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker (1784–1868).
In 1851 he earned his doctorate from the University of Giessen, and in 1859 he became a professor and prosector at the University of Halle. In 1876 he succeeded Alfred Wilhelm Volkmann (1801–1877) as director of the anatomical institute at Halle.
Along with his anatomical duties, Welcker was also a specialist in the fields of anthropology, ethnology, microscopy and biology. He published numerous articles on each of these subjects. In 1854 he devised a method for measuring blood volume in humans and animals. He also devised a method for measuring red blood cell volume. The eponymous "Welcker's angle" is named after him, which is the anterior, inferior angle of the parietal bone.
He is also credited with starting the first permance study of fingerprint patterns over time. He recorded his right hand print in 1856 and 1897, publishing a study in 1898.
In 1889 Welcker received a patent for the invention of "galvanic spectacles", which were essentially battery-operated eyeglasses with nosepiece electrodes. These glasses were used as a remedy for nasal congestion. In addition he conducted numerous studies of human skulls, including the famous skulls of Dante Alighieri and Friedrich Schiller.

</doc>
<doc id="9781100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781100" title="FK Crvena Stijena">
FK Crvena Stijena

FK Crvena Stijena is a Montenegrin football club from Tološi, Podgorica. They play in the Montenegrin Third League. The club's name literally translated to English means "Red Rock".
<br>Club: Fudbalski Klub Crvena Stijena
<br>Ground: Stadion Crvena Stijena, Podgorica
<br>Capacity: 300

</doc>
<doc id="9781101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781101" title="Dojocho">
Dojocho


</doc>
<doc id="9781105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781105" title="Garlando">
Garlando

Garlando is a company based in Italy that produces pocket billiards (pool) and table football (foosball) tables.
History.
Garlando was founded officially in 1954 at Spinetta Marengo – a small village near Alessandria – by Renato Garlando, the father of the present managing director, already in the market for the production of various wood objects. An activity that he, in his turn, had inherited from his father.
Following the success of table football, originating in the United Kingdom in the early 1920s, and later the United States, Spain and France, Renato Garlando decided to produce them for the Italian market, where he had unexpected success.
From then on, the company continuously grew. Foreign countries were added to the domestic revenue, including overseas to the United States, where the Garlando football tables experienced a boom in the 1970s.
During this time, Garlando began manufacturing pool tables with the same domestic success as with table football equipment.
In the course of the 1980s, the current managing director, Giuseppe Garlando, took the lead and, with his brother Marino, began renovating the working procedures which, from still largely craftsmanlike, became industrialised and standardised.
In the same period the factory dimensions enlarged, the number of the employees increased, while they become more and more skilled, new computerised machinery is purchased to reach the utmost precision in the output, new foreign markets are open on which Garlando soon becomes a leader.
In the 1990s, the North Africa and Eastern Europe markets were tapped, and the product range was expanded to meet the requirements of new segments of public.
To meet more and more urgent production requirements, late in 2002 the company left Spinetta Marengo to move to their much more modern premises at Pozzolo Formigaro, near Novi Ligure, a dozen kilometres from the old site.
The company now covers a 10,000 square metre area, equipped with the most modern machines to work the wood as well as to mould the plastic. The new location employs over 60 people, both for the office and the factory.

</doc>
<doc id="9781120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781120" title="Dookie, Victoria">
Dookie, Victoria

Dookie is a town in the Goulburn Valley region of Victoria, Australia. It is situated in a valley between Mount Major and Mount Saddleback. Dookie is a farming community. At the 2006 census, Dookie had a population of 286.
Dookie is five minutes by car from Dookie College, jointly managed by the Goulburn Ovens Institute of TAFE and University of Melbourne since 2005. Dookie has many sporting and community groups.
The Post Office opened around February 1878, was replaced by Dookie Railway Station office in 1888 when the railway arrived, which was then renamed Dookie in 1901.
The town has an Australian rules football team Dookie United competing in the Picola & District Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="9781121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781121" title="Return of the Pharaoh">
Return of the Pharaoh

Return of the Pharaoh is a book by Zainab al Ghazali. It relates how, accused of conspiring to kill Gamal Abdel Nasser, the president of Egypt, in 1965, the author was arrested and imprisoned. While awaiting trial, she was subjected to torture.
"Return of the Pharaoh" describes the ordeal which this Muslim activist went through in the notorious Egyptian prison. Instead of dampening her enthusiasm for Islam and the Islamic movement, her prison experiences increased her commitment and dedication to the cause of Islam. This autobiographical work can be considered a historic document in that its author was an active witness to one of the most volatile periods of Egypt's contemporary history.
Author.
Zaynab Al-Ghazali Al-Jubaili was born in Egypt in 1917. At the age of twenty, she formed a major women's charitable organization which rendered service to the poor, orphans and the underprivileged. Although she had acquaintance with Shaikh Hasan al-Banna, the founder of the Muslim Brotherhood (al-Ikhwan al-Muslimun), since the late 1930s and actively participated in many Islamic programmes, she formally joined the Muslim Brotherhood in 1948. After the assassination of Hassan al-Banna in 1949, she played a major role in the re-organization of the Muslim Brotherhood. She was arrested in 1965 for an alleged conspiracy to kill Gamal Abdel Nasser and overthrow his government. She was released from prison in 1971 during Anwar Sadat's presidency. In addition to being very active in Da'wah work, Zainab al Ghazali has been a prolific writer, contributing regularly to major Islamic journals and periodical. Her latest book is a two-volume study on the Tafsir of the Qur'an.

</doc>
<doc id="9781131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781131" title="FK Čelik Nikšić">
FK Čelik Nikšić

Fudbalski Klub Čelik Nikšić () is a football club based in Nikšić, Montenegro, founded in 1957. They currently compete in the Telekom First League. The name of the club in English means "steel".
Foundation.
FK Čelik was established in 1957 after Nikšić-based club "FK Javorak" went bankrupt. While Čelik was not the official successor of Javorak, the initiative to create a club was taken by former Javorak player Savo Pejović. Eventually, a potential leader was found in Marko Orović who had a long history of business in football within Nikšić. The name "Čelik" was given in memory of Petar Saveljić, who had worked at the local steel mill before playing football with Savo Pejović.
History.
In their first season, Čelik played in the "Titogradski podsavez - South", which was fourth level in former SFR Yugoslavia. Very soon, Čelik became regular participant of Montenegrin Republic Football League (third level).
First biggest success for Čelik came at the 1961, when the club from Nikšić won the Montenegrin Cup.
During the '80s, Čelik became one of the most successful clubs in Montenegrin Republic Football League, but their first appearances in Yugoslav Second League came during the 90's.
At the August 2012, Čelik played their first match at the First Football League.
The club's biggest success happened when they won the 2011–12 Montenegrin Cup thanks to a 2-1 victory against FK Rudar Pljevlja despite still playing in the Montenegrin Second League that season. Winning the cup allowed the club to enter the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League qualifying phase, where they beat Bosnian powerhouse Borac Banja Luka on away goals. Facing Ukrainian club Metalurh Donetsk in the second qualifying round, the team garnered even more attention from the local media as the players and staff traveled from Nikšić to Donetsk (2,143 kilometers) by bus, which, after being denied entry to Moldova, lasted approximately 70 hours on the road. The team, having arrived in Donetsk on the same day of the match, lost the first leg 7-0, giving Metalurh its most historic win in UEFA competition. While Čelik played with much more resistance in the second leg, the team was eliminated from the UEFA Europa League after the game ended 2-4 for Metalurh.
Fans.
The Čelik supporters group is called "Fap mašina". Their main rival is FK Sutjeska Nikšić with whom they contest the Nikšić derby. 
Current squad.
As of June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9781137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781137" title="Cluster (epidemiology)">
Cluster (epidemiology)

A cluster refers to a grouping of health-related events that are related temporally and in proximity. Typically, when clusters are recognized, they are reported to public health departments in the local area. The 1854 cholera outbreak which occurred in London is a classical example of a cluster. If clusters are of sufficient size and importance, they may be re-evaluated as outbreaks.

</doc>
<doc id="9781142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781142" title="Arthur Leopold Busch">
Arthur Leopold Busch

Arthur Leopold Busch or Du Busc (5 March 1866 – 9 March 1956) was a British-born American naval architect responsible for the development of the United States Navy's first submarines.
Biography.
Early life.
Busch was born in Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire in England. When he was age 13, he apprenticed to Craggs & Sons of Middlesbrough, and at the age of 20 was employed as a draftsman while studying naval architecture at night. He relocated to Ulster, Northern Ireland in 1888, where he served as draftsman-in-charge at the Harland and Wolff shipyards in Belfast until 1892.
Career in the United States.
In January 1892, Busch emigrated to the United States, and was employed as a draftsman at William Cramp and Sons Shipbuilders in Philadelphia. He was a longtime member of the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers (SNAME) which became organized in 1893 in the state of New Jersey. In 1895, Busch moved to Elizabethport, New Jersey, where he was the shipyard superintendent at Lewis Nixon's Crescent Shipyard
This shipyard is where the United States Navy's first submarines were built under Busch's supervision beginning in the late fall of 1896. Busch worked in unison with John Philip Holland to design and build the pioneering , also known as the "Holland VI" design. This was the first commissioned submarine in the United States Navy, and purchased by the American Government on April 11, 1900 – a day later commemorated by the United States submarine community as "Submarine Day".
Holland's company was then known as the Holland Torpedo Boat Company - the forerunner and precursor to the Electric Boat Division of General Dynamics Corporation.
The United States government then ordered more submarines after the successful trials and purchase of "Holland VI". These submarines were known as the A-class or . A prototype was constructed under Busch's direction at the Crescent Shipyard in the year 1900. This submarine craft was called "Fulton", named after the American steamship pioneer Robert Fulton. However, "Fulton" was never commissioned into U. S. Navy service and was sold to the Imperial Russian Navy in 1905 for use in the Russo-Japanese War against the Empire of Japan.
Career in Japan.
After Crescent Shipyard lost the contract from the US Navy for the B-class submarines, Busch was offered a position by Isaac Leopold Rice with Electric Boat Company, which had received a contract from Japan for the construction of five Type VII submarines for the Imperial Japanese Navy. These vessels were built at the company’s Fore River Shipyards in Quincy, Massachusetts. Busch oversaw construction of the vessels, their dismantling, transport to Seattle by rail, shipment to Yokohama and reassembly at the Yokosuka Naval Arsenal in Yokosuka, Japan. The project was done in complete secrecy, as the United States was officially neutral in the Russo-Japanese War. The entire project was completed in twelve months, and Busch was honored with the Order of the Rising Sun, 4th class by Emperor Meiji.
Subsequent career.
After returning from Japan, Busch returned to work for Lewis Nixon as manager of the United States Shipbuilding Company in Perth Amboy, New Jersey. In 1909, Busch established the American Architectural Shipbuilding and Development Company, and proposed designed for miniature submarines to the Japanese government. The venture was not a success and Busch went to work for the New Jersey Drydock Company in Elizabeth, New Jersey and was later shipyard manager for the Moore Shipyards of the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Company, and advisor to the president of Eureka Shipyards in Newburg, New York. During his long career, Busch was responsible for the design and development of many ship classes for the United States Navy and contributed to their production at some of the country's largest shipyards through both World Wars. He retired in 1941, and died on 9 March 1956.
After World War I, Busch changed his last name to Du Busc in 1919 - this was most probably due to the large amount of anti-German sentiment that existed in the United States during that time though his family lineage was of Huguenot origins.

</doc>
<doc id="9781147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781147" title="FK Gusinje">
FK Gusinje

FK Gusinje is a Montenegrin football club from Gusinje. They currently compete in Montenegrin Third League.

</doc>
<doc id="9781153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781153" title="Present Arms (musical)">
Present Arms (musical)

Present Arms is a Broadway musical comedy that opened April 26, 1928, with music by Richard Rodgers, and lyrics by Lorenz Hart. It is based off the book by Herbert Fields. It was produced by Lew Fields with musical numbers stage by Busby Berkeley. It ran for 155 performances at the Lew Fields' Mansfield Theatre. 
The show starred Charles King, Flora Le Breton and Busby Berkeley. A man from Brooklyn is serving as a buck private in Pearl Harbor. He flirts with an English Peer’s daughter; however, she is being pursued by a German, who raises pineapples in Hawaii. The Brooklynite pretends to be a Captain in order to make an impression, but he is found out, booted out, and loses out on the girl, until he proves himself in a shipwreck. 
Some of the songs from the show are: 
"Present Arms" was filmed in 1930 with Irene Dunne, with its title changed to "Leathernecking". The film is presumed lost.

</doc>
<doc id="9781156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781156" title="Hell-Fire">
Hell-Fire

"Hell-Fire" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov, originally published in the May 1956 issue of "Fantastic Universe" and reprinted in the 1957 collection "Earth Is Room Enough". It is one of a number of stories, such as "Darwinian Pool Room" and "Silly Asses", in which Asimov worries about the nuclear arms race of the 1950s.
Plot summary.
"Hell-Fire" is an extremely short story, and deals with a journalist, Alvin Horner, who speaks with Joseph Vincenzo, a scientist at Los Alamos, at the first exhibition of a film with super-slow-motion footage of a nuclear explosion. Vincenzo is sure that nuclear bombs are hell-fire, and tells the journalist they shall ultimately destroy mankind. 
After the scientist's observations, the film starts. For a brief moment, before initiating the full reaction into the infamous nuclear toadstool, the atomic blast resembles a specific shape: the face of the Devil.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9781165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781165" title="Orrin Tucker">
Orrin Tucker

Robert Orrin Tucker (17 February 1911 in St. Louis, Missouri – 9 April 2011 in South Pasadena, California) was an American bandleader born in St. Louis, Missouri, whose theme song was "Drifting and Dreaming". His biggest hit was "Oh Johnny, Oh Johnny, Oh!" (1939), sung by vocalist "Wee" Bonnie Baker. He founded his first band while a college student at North Central College near Chicago, Illinois.
Orrin Tucker's big band, which he formed in 1933, specialized in a more relaxed style of swing, which was somewhat less complex than the music of Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman and other famous contemporary bandleaders of the day. 
Tucker's orchestra produced more than 70 recordings, several of them selling more than a million copies. Tucker's most successful hit was the 1939 recording of the 1917 song “Oh Johnny, Oh Johnny, Oh!,” featuring the singer Wee Bonnie Baker.
Orrin Tucker applied for active duty in the Medical Corps in the Navy; he left the Orchestra June 7, 1942 and by July 15, 1942 expected the call for duty.
Tucker and his orchestra remained active until the 1990s, when health problems forced him to retire. In 2003, Tucker was interviewed about his passion for music and his long career as a bandleader by the NAMM oral history program He died on April 9, 2011, aged 100.

</doc>
<doc id="9781207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781207" title="Marcelo Díaz">
Marcelo Díaz

Marcelo Alfonso Díaz Rojas (; born 30 December 1986) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Swiss Super League club FC Basel and for the Chilean national team as a midfielder.
Díaz came through Universidad de Chile youth academy, and was promoted to the first team in 2004, when he was 18. Since then he played 162 matches with the club and won five titles. He was an integral part of the team that won three consecutive national championships and the 2011 Copa Sudamericana, the club's first international title.
He made his international debut in January 2005, playing for Chile at the U20 level. He made his adult international debut six years later on 11 November 2011, when the coach Claudio Borghi called-up him for play the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification games against Uruguay at Centenario and Paraguay at Chile.
Mainly as a central midfielder or a deep-lying playmaker, he can also play as a defensive midfielder or attacking midfielder. After his stellar play with Jorge Sampaoli as coach in Universidad de Chile, winning the 2011 Copa Sudamericana, and due to similarities in their playing, Díaz earned the nickname of "South American Xavi", as both of them have a great ball control capabilities and excellent passing skills.
Club career.
Universidad de Chile.
Early years.
Díaz began his career in Universidad de Chile youth academy, being immediately accepted by Jorge Cabrera, then coach of the club's lower divisions. He played in the Club Julio Covarrubias of Padre Hurtado before arriving to Universidad de Chile, with Díaz saying that he felt kind of lucky for being accepted in the club, because he was a very low profile player. He progressed over all categories in the lower divisions, mainly acting as a playmaker. He was promoted to the first team in 2004 at the age of 18, but he was only called to three matches and not debuted in any of them. The next season, Díaz made his professional debut in a 3–2 loss with Everton for the first week of the 2005 Apertura Tournament. In the 2006 season, he played 29 matches between the Apertura and the Clausura Tournament.
After the one season, in the Apertura Tournament 2008, Díaz was a frequently starter in the squad of Arturo Salah, and scored his first professional goal with the club on 23 March, in a 3–2 loss with Huachipato, it was his first goal for Universidad de Chile. During the year he played 36 games between the Apertura and Clausura tournaments.
After of the departure of Arturo Salah and the arrival of the Uruguayan coach Sergio Markarián, Díaz was used as a left back, unlike Salah that used him as an attacking midfielder. On 28 January 2009, he scored his first international goal in a 1–0 home victory to Pachuca. In the first semester of the season he won his first professional title, the Apertura Tournament, that his club won after beating 1–0 Unión Española in the playoffs final. The next season, now with the arrival of Gerardo Pelusso as the coach, Díaz was being used as right back and only played five league games.
On 13 August 2010, the player confirmed his incorporation to Deportes La Serena. There, he returned to the midfield, being deployed as an attacking midfielder. On 22 August, Díaz debuted in a 4–0 home win over Santiago Wanderers at La Portada Stadium. In his third match for the club against Audax Italiano, he scored his side's goal in a 2–1 defeat in the 86th minute. On 3 October, Díaz scored a brace in a 3–3 draw with Everton, being red carded in the 91th minute. After a one match absence, and his return in the game against Unión Española, he again scored his side's goal in a 2–1 away defeat with Universidad Católica. On 28 November, Díaz had a successful performance against Cobresal, being named the man-of-the-match and scoring a goal in a 2–0 win. Having finished the 2010 season, Díaz had a deal with Huachipato for a loan, but Universidad de Chile's new coach Jorge Sampaoli wanted him to play for his team in 2011 and the player remained in the club.
Breakthrough seasons.
Díaz began the season as a substitute player replacing to Guillermo Marino in all second halves of a game, but due to his good performances, he ended up replacing Marino on the starting lineup. On 4 June 2011, he scored a wonderful 26-yard free-kick versus O'Higgins, in Universidad de Chile's amazing 7–1 rout for the playoff's semi-final. Following the title obtained in the Apertura Tournament and the departure of Felipe Seymour to Italian Serie A side Genoa, Díaz started to play in Seymour's former position in the starting lineup as Central midfielder, with a more defensive role.
When the Clausura Tournament began, former Universidad de Chile midfielder Manuel Iturra was heavy linked with the club, to replace to Seymour, but Sampaoli decided finally against Iturra and for Díaz, who with the given confidence stepped up his game and became one of the key players of the team. His great performances in the local tournament and in the 2011 Copa Sudamericana caught the eye of national team's coach Claudio Borghi to play in the 2014 World Cup qualifiers. On 19 October, Díaz played in the Copa Sudamericana's Round of 16 match against Flamengo, who had Ronaldinho. In that game Universidad de Chile historically beat 4–0 as visitors, something never done by a Chilean team. In the second leg match, Díaz scored the only goal of the game in a 1–0 win at Estadio Nacional, winning the man of the match award. The next game of his club against the rivals, Colo-Colo, and he again was the man of the match in a 2–2 away draw. In that same match, Díaz was punished by the Anfp for obscene gestures to the Garra Blanca, the barra brava of Colo-Colo. After his performances, he was called up by Borghi for play against the Uruguayan national football team at Centenario Stadium for the World Cup qualifiers. On 23 November, for the semi-finals of the Copa Sudamericana against Vasco da Gama, Díaz played in a 1–1 away draw at São Januário Stadium. He played an important role in the match, winning important balls in the middle of the pitch and assisting Osvaldo González, with a free kick to score the equalizing goal in the 79th minute. In the second leg game against the Brazilians, Díaz was named once again the man of the match in a 2–0 win. In the next game against LDU Quito for the first leg final, he made another assist to Eduardo Vargas, who scored the only goal of game. On 14 December, in the final of the tournament, Díaz played a good role in a 3–0 win over LDU, being crowned as the best champion of this tournament. According to the South American media, they compared to Universidad de Chile with Barcelona and Díaz with Xavi. Winning the Clausura Tournament, Universidad de Chile made a successful season earning three titles in one year, with Díaz as one of the key players of the season along with Johnny Herrera, Eduardo Vargas, Marcos González and José Rojas.
On 4 January 2012, the club received a US$1.5 million bid of Argentine Primera División side Newell's Old Boys for Díaz, but the same player rejected the deal, to play the Copa Libertadores, being also retained with pay rise of part of directive. He was candidate for be the club's captain, with the departures of José Rojas and Marcos González to the Brazilian Série A, but finally with the return of Rojas to the club because of problems with his new contract, Pepe remained as captain. Díaz started the season of fine form scoring a penalty goal in a 3–1 win over his old club Deportes La Serena in the first game of Universidad de Chile at the Apertura Tournament. On 25 February, he missed a penalty kick against O'Higgins in a 3–0 loss, that was saved by the adversary's keeper Luis Marín for the fifth week of the Apertura. On 10 March, he played a great match giving two notable assists in a 6–0 thrashing over Audax Italiano, then being called up by Borghi to the national team for play the Copa del Pacífico against Peru at Arica and Tacna. On 4 April, he was named the man of the match in a Libertadores 1–0 victory over Godoy Cruz at Mendoza, making another excellent match for his team on 29 April in the Chilean derby against Colo-Colo, in where he scored the first goal of the game and also made three assists, after a successful free kick in a 5–0 home win at the Estadio Nacional. On 9 May, was confirmed that Díaz was sold to Swiss Super League side Basel for a US$4 million deal. On 11 May, he scored a 30-yard goal in a 6–0 rout over Deportivo Quito for the Libertadores.
FC Basel.
After winning the Apertura with Universidad de Chile, Díaz joined the Swiss side Basel on a deal running until 30 June 2016. He made his debut on 17 July, on a UEFA Champions League second qualifying round first leg fixture, a 2–0 away victory against Flora Tallinn. Díaz scored his first goal for Basel during the return leg against Flora Tallinn, from a free kick, on 24 July. He made his Swiss Super League debut for Basel in St. Jakob-Park during the 2–2 home draw against Luzern on 21 July 2012. He scored his first league goal for them during the 2–1 away win in the Stade Olympique de la Pontaise against Lausanne-Sport on 17 February 2013. At the end of the Swiss Super League season 2012–13 Diaz won the Championship title and was Swiss Cup runner up with Basel. In the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League Basel advanced as far as the semi-finals, there being matched against the reigning UEFA Champions League holders Chelsea, but they were knocked out, losing both home and away tie, beaten 2–5 on aggregate.
International career.
U20 team.
In January 2005, aged 19, Díaz caught the attention of José Sulantay, who called up the player to play the South American Youth Championship held in Colombia. He made his U-20 debut during the championship. Following the qualification of the Chilean national youth team to the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship, he was in the 23-man squad to play the world championship, but he didn't play during the tournament.
Senior team.
Six years after his participation with the U-20 team, on 7 September 2011, Díaz was called up by Claudio Borghi to play in the 2014 World Cup qualification against Uruguay and Paraguay, in replace of Carlos Carmona, who was banned for his participation in the scandal of "Bautizazo". On 11 November, Díaz officially debuted for the adult team of Chile in a 4–0 away loss at Centenario Stadium, being replaced by Milovan Mirosevic in the 61st minute. The next game against Paraguay on 15 November, he was in the bench, but didn't play in the 2–0 home win for Chile. Because his good performances in Universidad de Chile, he was called up for the match against Ghana at PPL Park, in where he played a great match in a 1–1 draw. He started again the qualifiers against Bolivia and Venezuela, both 2–0 away victories, where Díaz excelled.

</doc>
<doc id="9781210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781210" title="2000 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
2000 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 2000 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 9–12, 2000 in Charlotte, North Carolina at the Charlotte Coliseum. Duke won the tournament for the second year in a row. They defeated Maryland in the championship game. Jason Williams of Duke was the tournament mvp.

</doc>
<doc id="9781216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781216" title="Lao name">
Lao name

Lao names (Lao: ຊື່ ) are given in Western order, where the family name goes after the first given name. On official documents, both first given name and surname are written, but it is customary to refer to people in formal situations by their first name, plus titles and honorifics, alone. 
In daily life, outside of formal, international, or academic spheres, Lao people generally refer to themselves and others by nicknames, or "seu lin"—literally "playnames" (Lao: ຊື່ຫຼິ້ນ ). Much like the nicknames of Thai people (with whom the Lao share a great deal of cultural similarity), the names are often unflattering, although some are based on onomatopoeia, nonsense syllables, or peculiar characteristics. This is largely based on old superstitions from times when health care was not available and there was high infant mortality, as many of these names were supposed to ward off evil spirits from claiming the child.
The French Colonial government mandated the introduction of surnames in Laos in 1943, beginning first with the royalty and the élite before becoming a common practice among the other classes. To this day, among isolated ethnic groups and remote rural villages, it is still possible to find individuals who do not possess a surname.
Both first and surname are a mixture of Pali or Sanskrit and Lao words. The wording comes from variety of influences, such as nature, animals, and royal titles. Lao names are generally made up of two or three words, but when translated into English span nearly 10–15 letters, for which both Lao and Thai names are known.

</doc>
<doc id="9781221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781221" title="Boulder City Airport">
Boulder City Airport

Boulder City Airport was an airport in Boulder City, Clark County, Nevada.
History.
Boulder City Airport was dedicated on December 10, 1933. Airline service arrived on June 15, 1936 with Grand Canyon Airlines. Trans World Airlines opened a terminal at the airport on May 20, 1938; its last DC-3 left in 1949-50 and the airport may never have seen an airline after that. The terminal building was sold in 1958 to the Boulder City Elks Club.
The 1958 USGS 1:24000 topo map (the Boulder City quad, online at usgs.gov) shows the layout, three runways just southeast of US 93. The March 1959 chart says unpaved runway 3 was 6383 ft long, while 6495-ft runway 17 and 3680-ft runway 12 (both unpaved) were "not maintained". About 1964 they paved 3000 ft of runway 3. The June 1988 directory says runway 3 was 2965 ft of asphalt and runway 17 was 2880 ft dirt; the August 1990 directory shows no airport, old or new, at Boulder City.
Replacement.
Boulder City Airport has been replaced by Boulder City Municipal Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9781227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781227" title="Vista Alegre (Belo Horizonte)">
Vista Alegre (Belo Horizonte)

Vista Alegre is a neighborhood of Região Oeste in Belo Horizonte.

</doc>
<doc id="9781228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781228" title="Kurashiki Station">
Kurashiki Station

Station building and platforms.
Kurashiki Station features both side- and island-style platform capable of handling several lines simultaneously. Each platform has an upper (上り) and lower end (下り) of the platform. 
Facilities located within the station building include the LeBlanc department store, the Hotel Kurashiki, the Nippon Travel Agency, McDonald's, and ATMs for Chugoku Bank and Tomato Bank.
Environs.
South entrance.
At the south entrance to Kurashiki Station is Kurashiki-shi Station, operated by Mizushima Coastal Railway as a station on the Mizushima Main Line. Chayamachi Station, which services the Uno and Honshibasan Lines (including the Seto Ōhashi Line) is accessible via a 22 minute bus ride operated by Shimotsui Electric Railway.
North entrance.
Outside the north entrance is Kurashiki Tivoli Park, a popular amusement park .
Connecting lines.
All lines are JR West lines. 

</doc>
<doc id="9781239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781239" title="Rich Milot">
Rich Milot

Richard Paul Milot (born May 28, 1957 in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League who played his entire nine-year career with the Washington Redskins from 1979 to 1987. He played college football at Penn State University and was drafted in the seventh round of the 1979 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="9781255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781255" title="Chicago High School for Agricultural Sciences">
Chicago High School for Agricultural Sciences

Chicago High School for Agricultural Sciences ("CHSAS") is a public 4-year magnet high school located in the Mount Greenwood neighborhood on the far southside of Chicago, Illinois, USA. Opened in 1985 by the Chicago Public Schools as a unique, experimental high school devoted to teaching agricultural science to urban students. The school is located on a campus, of which are dedicated to a working farm (it was built on the site of the last farm to survive within the Chicago city limits), and the students commute from all across the city to CHSAS. It is located in the Mount Greenwood neighborhood of the city. The students benefit from hands-on experience and summer interships, and many do go on to attend universities and major in agricultural disciplines. It was the second high school of this kind to open in the United States.
Academics.
All students are members of the FFA (formerly Future Farmers of America). The school claims that it is the organization's largest Illinois chapter, and the fifth largest in the nation.
Student life.
CHSAS competes in the Chicago Public League and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). Teams are stylized as the Cyclones.
In 2012, CHSAS began a partnership with The Nature Conservancy's Leaders in Environmental Action for the Future (LEAF) program. This program offers paid internships to a select number of students from CHSAS and helps staff develop resources.
The school sponsors six sports for young men and women, an additional four for young men, and an additional five for young women. The school also sponsors athletes who compete in the Special Olympics.
The school also sponsors 17 extracurricular clubs and activities. Those that are chapters of nationally notable organizations include the National Honor Society (NHS).

</doc>
<doc id="9781261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781261" title="Oujda Treaty">
Oujda Treaty

The Oujda Treaty (also known as the Arabic–African Federation Treaty) was signed on 13 August 1984 between King Hassan II of Morocco and Muammar Gaddafi of Libya. It was approved by Moroccan voters in a referendum on 31 August, and by the Libyan General People's Congress. The aim was to establish a "union of states" between the two, and eventually to create a "Great Arab Maghreb".
The treaty startled the administration of US president Ronald Reagan.

</doc>
<doc id="9781277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781277" title="FK Ibar">
FK Ibar

FK Ibar is a football club from Rožaje, Montenegro. They currently compete in the Montenegrin Second League. FK Ibar is a part of the Ibar sport society from Rožaje. The club is named after the river Ibar, longest river from Montenegro, which originates in Rožaje. Founded in 1938, FK Ibar is the oldest sports club from Rožaje.
History.
FK Ibar was founded in 1938 in Rožaje, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. The biggest successes of the club are known after 1992 when the club played in the Second League of FR Yugoslavia. In the 1999–2000 Second League of FR Yugoslavia, FK Ibar played in the West division, and finished 17th with 29 points out of 34 matches. Two years later, they played again in the Second Division ending last in the South Group. On the all-time table for the Second Division from 1992-2002 FK Ibar is positioned 67th with 114 points.
After the independence of Montenegro, the club played constantly in the Second League. In the first season in 2006/07 they played their best season in the history of the club. FK Ibar finished third with 63 points, six points less from the Second Division champion FK Lovćen, and so reaching the play-offs. In the last rounds of the league they lost a home match against FK Lovćen followed by incidents on and off the stadium in Rožaje. They lost their ticket for the First League and were not allowed to play in Rožaje in play-offs against FK Dečić due to the decision of FSCG. In the Montenegrin Cup, the club played the 1/8 of final in 2007/08.
Supporters.
Ibar fans are known as Gazije (Arabic: ghāzī or ghazah/gazi, from ghazw, pl. ghazawāt, armed incursion with the intention of conquering - Gazije were the defenders of Islam (Islamic fighters) in the period of the Ottoman Empire). The group's traditional colors are black and white, which are also the colours of FK Ibar where Gazije first started giving their support. After the club failed to reach the First Montenegrin League in 2006, 2007 and 2008, the footballers lost the support of fans since they failed to win the away play-off match against FK Dečić for the First league placement. The basketball club KK Ibar was first time supported by a big group of supporters in the first matches of Erste League in 2012.
Stadium.
FK Ibar plays its home matches at the Stadium Bandžovo Brdo, in Rožaje. The stadium has its western and southern stand. The capacity cannot be precisely shown since the stands are without seats. On the most important matches, the number of spectators went to 5,000. The stadium has an olympic track rebuilt in 2004 when Rožaje was the host of Sandžačke Igre(Sandžak Games), nowadays MOSI. In the near future, the stadium will be reconstructed.
The location of the stadium is next to the city Sports Center SRC Rožaje addressed on Carine bb.

</doc>
<doc id="9781287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781287" title="FK Jezero">
FK Jezero

FK Jezero is a Montenegrin football club based in the town of Plav. They started competing in the Montenegrin Second League in the 2008/09 season. The club's chairman is Husnija Šabović. Their home stadium is "Stadion Pod Racinom".

</doc>
<doc id="9781293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781293" title="Mount Royal, New Jersey">
Mount Royal, New Jersey

Mount Royal is an unincorporated community within East Greenwich Township in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08061.
As of the 2000 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 08061 was 713.

</doc>
<doc id="9781312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781312" title="Silvestre Dangond">
Silvestre Dangond

Silvestre Francisco Dangond Corrales, (born May 12, 1980 in Urumita, La Guajira) is a Colombian Vallenato singer, composer and Timbales player. Dangond is considered one of the mainstream representatives of the "new wave" of vallenato musicians.
Early career.
2002: Debut album.
After graduating from high school Dangond dedicated in full to music. He grouped with amateur accordion player Ramón López and after performing in some parties and gigs they recorded their first album in 2002 called "Tanto para Tí" which included 12 songs; "Nada te conmueve" composed by Fabian Corrales, "Necesito verte" by Juan Manuel Perez, "No te escondas mas" by Felipe Pelaez, "Mi encantadora egoista" by Alberto Murgas, "Quien me mando" of his own authorship, "Un amor tan grande" by Freddy Carrillo, "Muñeca de porcelana" by Luis Alonso, "Que no me roben tu corazón" by Antonio Meriño, "Lloraras un amor" by Jaime Bayona, "La flor mas linda" by Armando Moscote, "El extorcionista" by Carlos Ramirez and "Tanto para ti" by Freddy Carrillo. It was during this time that he met his friend and also vallenato singer Kaleth Morales.
2003-2013: Rise to national prominence.
By pure coincidence and through friend in common, manager and promoter Carlos Blum, Dangond officially met accordionist Juancho De la Espriella during a serenata (De la Espriella was grouped with singer Peter Manjarrez). Both of them knew who the other was but had never crossed words. Since that day they became good friends. Blum then convinced them to become a musical duo and arranged their first gig together at the Alfonso López Michelsen Building in a celebration of the Cesar Department foundation. 
Lo mejor para los dos (The best for the two of us - Album)
Their musical union created great buzz within the vallenato critics and fans, and shortly they recorded their first album together named titled Lo mejor para los dos (2003) containing 13 tracks; "La pinta chevere" of Dangond's authorship, "Nuestra vida" by Jose Hernandez, "Detalles y recuerdos" by Enrique Carrascal, "Mi amor por ella" by Omar Geles, "Ni en pintura" by Dagoberto Osorio, "El ring ring" by Luis Alonso, "Sabroso" by Hernando Marin, "Dejame quererte" by Alejandro Sarmiento, "No se, me equivoque" by Rafael Manjarrez, "La razon de mi vivir" by Ivan Calderon, "El chinchorrito" by Alejo Duran, "Me vuelve loquito" by Josue Rodriguez and "Lo mejor para los dos" by Kaleth Morales. Dangond and De la Espriella performed in more than 250 shows throughout 2003, most of them in December with 28 presentations.[http://www.mivalledupar.com/siljuan.htm]
Mas unidos que nunca (More united than ever - Album)
Their following album was Mas unidos que nunca, released on June 13, 2004 containing 14 songs which included one unplugged bonus track; "Cautico mi canto" of Dangond's authorship, "El vaiven" by Hernando Bustos, "A blanco y negro" by Omar Geles, "La Colegiala" of Dangond's authorship, "Yo no me como ese cuento" by Dagoberto Osorio, "Acepto el reto" by Luis Egurrola, "Pa Barranquilla" of Dangond's authorship, "Me la juego toda" by Kaleth Morales, "Baila Vallenato" by Leo Duran, "La Mentira" by Wilfran Castillo, "Cuando llego en temple" by Armando Romero, "Celos y que" by Luis Alonso, "La mujer de mis sueños" by Unknown author and "La colegiala" unplugged version. With this album Dangond and De la Espriella consolidated as one of the most successful vallenato groups in this genre thanks to the acceptance of their hit song "La colegiala".[http://www.intervallenato.com/news/modules.php?name=News&file=article&sid=290] 
Ponte a la moda (Put up your style - Album)
In 2005 Dangond and De la Espriella released their third album together titled Ponte a la moda which also became a great success in Colombia and outside Colombia, especially within the Latin American community in the United States. The Album included the songs; "Ahi viene ahi va" of Dangond's authorship, "Pa una mujer bonita" by Omar Geles, "Dile" by Alberto Mercado, "El tao tao" by Lucho Perez, "Mi seguidora y yo" by Kaleth Morales, "Esa mirada" by Enrique Araujo, "La pareja del momento" by Jeiner Lopez, "La misteriosa" by Isaac Calvo, "Ponte a la moda" by Luis Alonso, "Silvetre en Carnaval" by Various artists, "Una vez mas" by Luis Egurrola, "El enredo" by Manuel Julian, "Por ser machista" of Dangond's authorship and "La indiferencia (live unplugged)" by Luis Alonso.
Personal life.
Dangond is the son of amateur singer William José Dangond Baquero (known as 'El Palomo') and Dellys Corrales Rojas and has one brother, Carlos Ivan. He is married to childhood sweetheart Pieri Avendaño and they have 3 children, Luis Jose, Silvestre Jose and Jose silvestre .
Awards and nominations.
Latin Grammy Awards.
A Latin Grammy Award is an accolade by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences to recognize outstanding achievement in the music industry. Silvestre Dangond has received three nominations.
References.
http://silvestristave.spaces.live.com/

</doc>
<doc id="9781316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781316" title="Cal Abrams">
Cal Abrams

Calvin Ross Abrams (March 2, 1924 – February 25, 1997), nicknamed Abie, was an American left-handed Major League Baseball player.
Baseball career.
Abrams was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and signed by Joe Labate, a scout for the Brooklyn Dodgers, out of James Madison High School in Brooklyn in , and assigned to the Olean Oilers of the Class D PONY League. He played in 19 games that season. 
In January 1943, he was inducted into the Army. He was assigned to Battery B 500th Anti-Aircraft Artillery, and served in Europe and the Pacific with two battle stars in the Pacific. Abrams was also awarded the Philippine Liberation Medal with one bronze star. He was released from the service in January 1946.
He then played for the Danville Dodgers in the Class B Three-I League for the season, hitting .345. The next two seasons, Abrams was with the Mobile Bears in the Class AA Southern Association. 
Abrams was making $90 ($ today) a month in the minors when he got married in 1947, and the most he ever made was $22,000 ($ today) a year with the Baltimore Orioles.
On April 20, 1949, he made his Major League debut with the Dodgers, and then was sent to the Fort Worth Cats of the AA Texas League for the rest of the season, where he hit .333. He split between the St. Paul Saints of the AAA American Association and the Dodgers. A New York Post headline once read: "Mantle, Schmantle. We Got Abie."
In , he changed his uniform number to 18, explaining later: "18 means a lot." The number 18 stands for the Hebrew word for life. He wore this number for the majority of his career. 
On October 1, 1950, the Dodgers and Philadelphia Phillies were playing a game that would determine which team would win the National League pennant. In the bottom of the 9th inning, with nobody out and the game tied 1–1, Abrams was on second base when Duke Snider hit a single to short center field. He was waved home by third-base coach Milt Stock, and was gunned down at the plate by a perfect throw by Phillies center fielder Richie Ashburn, who had fielded the ball on one bounce. The play resulted in the preservation of the 1–1 tie, and facilitated the Phils' Dick Sisler's 10th-inning pennant-winning home run. Stock was fired after the season for his decision to wave Abrams home.
In 1951, his manager Charlie Dressen, who was "capable of cruelty," failed to play him on "Cal Abrams Day." He finished the season with a .419 on-base percentage.
On June 9, 1952, he was traded by the Brooklyn Dodgers to the Cincinnati Reds for Rudy Rufer and cash. On October 14, 1952, he was traded by the Reds with Gail Henley and Joe Rossi to the Pittsburgh Pirates for Gus Bell. 
In , he hit 15 home runs, his career high, and had 13 assists.
On May 25, 1954, he was traded by the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Baltimore Orioles for Dick Littlefield. In 1954, he was 7th in the AL with a .400 obp, and 10th in the league with 7 triples.
In , he had a .413 obp, and was 8th in the league in walks with 89. On October 18, 1955, he was traded by the Baltimore Orioles to the Chicago White Sox for Bobby Adams. 
He remained in the Major Leagues into the season, when he was sent to the Miami Marlins in the AAA International League. The next year Abrams retired from play. 
In all of his minor league seasons, his lowest batting average was .331. 
He played in 567 major league games with the Dodgers, Reds, Pirates, Orioles, and White Sox.
After baseball.
In the late '50s and early '60s, Abrams owned The Blossom Lounge in Garden City South, New York, near Adelphi College, later University. Following the devastating ninth inning loss by his former Dodgers team, again to the Giants in the final game of a three-game playoff for the National League pennant in 1962, he was asked by an Adelphi student what he thought of the just concluded game. "Who was playing?" Abrams asked in all sincerity. In the 1990s, he was working for the Norwegian Cruise Line, giving talks and signing photographs (Brooklyn) while emphasizing his two outstanding on-base percentage seasons.
Death.
Abrams died in 1997 after suffering a heart attack in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He was buried in his Brooklyn Dodgers uniform.
Hall of Fame.
In 1996 Abrams, who was Jewish, was inducted into the B'nai B'rith Jewish American Sports Hall of Fame, in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="9781318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781318" title="1908 New York to Paris Race">
1908 New York to Paris Race

The 1908 New York to Paris Race was an automobile competition consisting of drivers attempting to travel from New York to Paris. This was a considerable challenge given the state of automobile technology and road infrastructure at the time. Only three of six contestants completed the course. The winner was the United States team, driving a 1907 Thomas Flyer.
In 1907 the Peking to Paris automobile race had inspired an even bolder test of these new machines. The following year the course would be from New York City, USA, to Paris, France with a ship passage from Nome, Alaska across the Bering Strait to East Cape, Siberia, this at a time when "the motor car is the most fragile and capricious thing on earth."
The race.
The race, which was the first of its kind among automobiles, commenced in Times Square on February 12, 1908. Six cars representing four nations were at the starting line for what would become a 169-day ordeal. The national flags of Germany, France, Italy, and the United States flew, with the Protos representing Germany, the Züst representing Italy, three cars (De Dion-Bouton, Motobloc, and Sizaire-Naudin) representing France, and Thomas Flyer competing for the United States. At 11:15 AM a gunshot signaled the start of the race. Ahead of the competitors were very few paved roads, and in many parts of the world no roads at all. Often, the teams resorted to straddling locomotive rails with their cars riding tie to tie on balloon tires for hundreds of miles when no roads could be found.
The American Thomas Flyer was in the lead crossing the United States arriving in San Francisco in 41 days, 8 hours, and 15 minutes. It was the first crossing of the US by an automobile in winter.
The route then took them to Valdez, Alaska by ship. The Thomas crew found impossible conditions in Alaska and the race was rerouted across the Pacific by steamer to Japan where the Americans made their way across to the Sea of Japan. Then it was on to Vladivostok, Siberia by ship to begin crossing the continents of Asia and Europe. Only three of the competitors made it past Vladivostok: the Protos, the Züst, and the Flyer.
The tundra of Siberia and Manchuria was an endless quagmire with the spring thaw making progress difficult. At several points, forward movement was often measured in feet rather than miles per hour. Eventually, the roads improved as Europe approached and the Thomas arrived in Paris on July 30, 1908 to win. The Germans, driven by Hans Koeppen, arrived in Paris four days earlier, but had been penalized a total of 30 days for not going to Alaska and for shipping the Protos part of the way by railcar. That gave the win to the Americans with George Schuster (the only American to go the full distance from New York to Paris) by 26 days. The Italians arrived later in September 1908.
The race was of international interest with daily front page coverage by the "New York Times" (a cosponsor of the race with the Parisian newspaper "Le Matin"). The significance of the event extended far beyond the race itself. Together with the Peking to Paris race which took place the year before it established the reliability of the automobile as a dependable means of transportation, eventually taking the automobile from an amusement of the rich to a reliable and viable means of long distance transportation for the masses. It also led to the call for improved roads to be constructed in many parts of the world.
The winning driver George Schuster was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame on October 12, 2010.
World Race 2011.
While the planned Great Race 2008 was cancelled as the approval and permits to travel through China were recalled, a second effort was mounted in 2011. World Race 2011 began in Times Square April 14, 2011 as competitors set out to retrace the route taken in 1908 from New York to Paris. Ultimately, four of the starting vehicles, the oldest being a 1929 Ford Model A, a 1932 Ford 3 Window Coupe, the 1967 Volkswagen Beetle, and a 2007 Chevrolet multi-fueled Corvette, reached the Eiffel Tower in Paris on July 21, 2011. Participating in the 2011 race was Jeff Mahl, the great-grandson of George Schuster, the winning driver of the 1908 New York to Paris Race.

</doc>
<doc id="9781322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781322" title="Mickleton, New Jersey">
Mickleton, New Jersey

Mickleton is an unincorporated community within East Greenwich Township in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08056.
As of the 2000 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 08056 was 2,469. However in recent years with major suburban housing development, Mickleton along with the rest of East Greenwich has experienced a major population boom.
Mickleton's Quaker roots can still be seen in its "Friend's Meeting House", a Quaker church, and in the "Little Red School House", a schoolhouse building from the 17th and 18th centuries.

</doc>
<doc id="9781329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781329" title="Kurt Allerman">
Kurt Allerman

Kurt Allerman (born 1955) is a former American Football linebacker who played nine seasons in the National Football League.
A native of Kinnelon, New Jersey, Allerman played college football at Penn State, where he played inside / outside linebacker and was chosen as an All-American in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9781345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781345" title="HotDog">
HotDog

HotDog is an HTML editor developed by Sausage Software in the mid-1990s. At the time of its development, there were only a small number of HTML editors available on the market (such as HoTMetaL) and HotDog gathered significant interest due to their ease of use.
The program was developed by Australian Internet entrepreneur Steve Outtrim. In 2000, the ownership of the product was sold from Sausage Software and, despite still being called Sausage Software, is now run by a company unrelated to the Outtrim-founded Sausage Software.

</doc>
<doc id="9781360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781360" title="2003 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament">
2003 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament

The 2003 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament began on March 22, 2003 and concluded on April 8, 2003 when the Connecticut Huskies (UConn) won their second straight national title. The Final Four was held at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia on April 6 - April 8, 2003. UConn, coached by Geno Auriemma, defeated archrival Tennessee, coached by Pat Summitt, 73-68 in the championship game. UConn's Diana Taurasi was named Most Outstanding Player.
This was the first year of a new format, in which the final game is held on the Tuesday following the men's championship, in contrast to prior years, when it was held on Sunday evening, between the men's semi-final and final. The game now is the final game of the Division 1 collegiate basketball season.
Qualifying teams - automatic.
Sixty-four teams were selected to participate in the 2003 NCAA Tournament. Thirty-one conferences were eligible for an automatic bid to the 2003 NCAA tournament. 
Qualifying teams - at-large.
Thirty-three additional teams were selected to complete the sixty-four invitations.
Bids by conference.
Thirty-one conferences earned an automatic bid. In twenty-two cases, the automatic bid was the only representative from the conference. Thirty-three additional at-large teams were selected from nine of the conferences.
First and second rounds.
In 2003, the field remained at 64 teams. The teams were seeded, and assigned to four geographic regions, with seeds 1-16 in each region. In Round 1, seeds 1 and 16 faced each other, as well as seeds 2 and 15, seeds 3 and 14, seeds 4 and 13, seeds 5 and 12, seeds 6 and 11, seeds 7 and 10, and seeds 8 and 9. In 2003, a change was implemented in the way first and second round sites were determined. From 1982 (the year of the first NCAA women's basketball tournament) through 2002, the first rounds sites were offered to the top seeds. Starting in 2003, sixteen sites for the first two rounds were determined approximately a year before the team selections and seedings were completed.
The following table lists the region, host school, venue and the sixteen first and second round locations:
Regionals and Final Four.
The Regionals, named for the general location, were held from March 22 to March 25 at these sites:
Each regional winner advanced to the Final Four held April 6 and April 8 in Atlanta, Georgia at the Georgia Dome, (Host: Georgia Institute of Technology)
Bids by state.
The sixty-four teams came from thirty-two states, plus Washington, D.C. Virginia had the most teams with five bids. Eighteen states did not have any teams receiving bids.
Brackets.
Data Source
Final Four - Atlanta, GA.
E-East; ME-Mideast; MW-Midwest; W-West.
Record by conference.
Nineteen conferences went 0-1: America East, Atlantic Sun Conference, Big Sky Conference, Big South Conference, Colonial, Ivy League, MAAC, MAC, Mid-Continent, MEAC, Missouri Valley Conference, Northeast Conference, Ohio Valley Conference, Patriot League, Southern Conference, Southland, SWAC, Sun Belt Conference, and West Coast Conference

</doc>
<doc id="9781365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781365" title="Post-behavioralism">
Post-behavioralism

Post-behavioralism (or post-behaviouralism) also known as neo-behavioralism (or neo-behaviouralism) was a reaction against the dominance of behavioralist methods in the study of politics. One of the key figures in post-behaviouralist thinking was David Easton who was originally one of the leading advocates of the "behavioral revolution". Post-behavioralists claimed that despite the alleged value-neutrality of behavioralist research it was biased towards the status quo and social preservation rather than social change.
Criticism.
Heinz Eulau described post-behavioralism as a "near hysterical response to political frustrations engendered by the disconcerting and shocking events of the late sixties and early seventies".

</doc>
<doc id="9781407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781407" title="John Skorupan">
John Skorupan

John Paul Skorupan (born May 17, 1951 in Beaver, Pennsylvania) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills and New York Giants. He played college football at Penn State University and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1973 NFL Draft. He is notable for being the last player to play right outside linebacker for the Giants before Lawrence Taylor took over for the next 13 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="9781427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781427" title="Grandpa Graf's">
Grandpa Graf's

Grandpa Graf's (also known as Graf's Root Beer,Graf's, or Gran'pa Graf's) is a carbonated soft drink that can presently be purchased in eastern and northern Wisconsin groceries. The beverage is a root beer flavored drink that originated in 1873 from John Graf. 
History.
The origins of Grandpa Graf's root beer dates back to 1873, where John Graf first brewed the root beer on S. 41st St. and W. Greenfield Ave. in West Milwaukee. Graf then formed his own company, being Graf Beverages, that produced a wide variety of soft drinks. Graf continued to brew soft drinks, but it is his root beer that is remembered the most. John Graf's image is still on the can of root beer, in his memory of creating the hallowed beverage. His legacy was passed onto his son after his death in 1930, where his daughter (Sylvia Graf) took presidency of the company. Once she died in 1963, Lawrie O. Graf. Lawrie Graf was well known for his creative engineering skills and his education in chemistry from his study at Marquette University, and helped the company come to a national status. It was said that Graf's beverages were being shipped by the train full all across the country. The company hit national notice quickly. Lawrie Graf continued to run the company until 1968, where he sold the company to P & V Atlas Industrial Center. Lawrie retired, and died in 1998, at the age of 84, ending the Graf legacy.
P & V Atlas Industrial Center owned Graf products, but failed to keep the product in good status. So Graf products were sold to Canada Dry Company. They too failed to keep Graf products flourishing, so they sold Graf to Canfield Company in 1984, situated in Chicago, where they still own Graf products.
Today, Graf products are still being produced, but in very small quantities. Canfield sells mostly Grandpa Graf's root beer, and is mostly shipped to Wisconsin locations. In a 1993 Graf employee reunion, one employee recalls time working at one of the plants. "It was a family-oriented, fun place to work."
Availability.
Grandpa Graf's root beer has slowly diminished over time, and it is becoming harder and harder to find places that keep it in stock. The soda is currently sold in northern, eastern, and southern Wisconsin (most abundant in Milwaukee). Today, Canfield produces Grandpa Graf's, and ships it to other places in Minnesota, Michigan, and where it is produced (Chicago).
The Grandpa.
In its first days, Grandpa Graf's was called Graf's root beer. It was John Graf's grandson, Lawrie Graf, who entitled it Grandpa Graf's, and gave it the magical logo of John Graf's face. Lawrie Graf enlisted the aid of cartoonist Sid Stone to create the caricature of his grandfather, which is the image we know as, "The Grandpa".
In due time, the logo was changed to fit the changing culture, but all in all the logo was left with a more cartoonish touch, with only a few colors. The can was given the root beer color, capping the lid on Grandpa Graf's greatness.
The soda was also produced in glass bottles, which also carried the Grandpa's image on the cap. The same image that is on the can today, was on the bottle cap then in the later versions of the cap. The glass bottled root beer was not as popular as the canned products. Grandpa Graf's is known for its "ZIP" and burst of flavor, which was apparently found more in the canned beverages than the glass bottles beverages of Grandpa Graf's
Achievements.
Grandpa Graf's was well known in the 1940s to 1960s for its "new" styles and flavors that were not seen in a root beer. According to a 1946 news report, Graf's was producing eight freight car loads of carbonated bottled water or soda every day. This led to the widespread of Grandpa Graf's, and was at its peak in the mid to late 1950s. Graf's was among one of the first companies in the nation to use flat-top can, and also introduced sugar-free sodas. Also, the Graf company was one of the first to use the quart sized bottle, also known as the "family" size bottle. Plus, Graf was one of the first to experiment with the twist-cap bottle, which is now very common today. Graf's won numerous awards in the 1940s, 50's, and 60's. They were best known for their root beer and 50/50 flavored sodas which included lime and grapefruit.

</doc>
<doc id="9781464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781464" title="Single-vault station">
Single-vault station

The single-vault deep underground station is a type of subway station.
The construction of a single-vault station consists of a single wide and high underground hall, in which there is only one vault (hence the name). The first single-vault stations in the USSR were built in Leningrad in 1975: Politekhnicheskaya and Ploshchad Muzhestva. Also in Saint Petersburg was built the first and so far the only two-level single-vault transfer station in Russia: Sportivnaya.
In the Moscow Metro there is only one deep underground single-vault station, Timiryazevskaya, in addition to several single-vault stations at shallow depth. In the Saint Petersburg Metro all single-vault stations are deep underground, for example Ozerki, Chyornaya Rechka, Obukhovo, Chkalovskaya, and others. Most of the underground stations of the Bay Area Rapid Transit and the central stations of Washington D.C.'s Metro system are single-vault designs, as are all the single-line vaulted stations in the Montreal Metro.
In Prague Metro, there is one underground station built as single-vault, Kobylisy.

</doc>
<doc id="9781465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781465" title="Peggy Gilbert">
Peggy Gilbert

Peggy Gilbert (January 17, 1905 – February 12, 2007), born Margaret F. Knechtges, was an American jazz saxophonist and bandleader. She was born in Sioux City, Iowa. Peggy Gilbert earned renown as a female jazz musician, with a career that lasted more than 80 years. When she was only 7 years old, she played piano and violin with her father's music band; she later discovered jazz music, and started to play the saxophone. After high school, she performed in local theatres and resorts, and became a pioneer performer on both radio and television. In 1928 she moved to Hollywood, where she appeared in early movies and toured with Fanchon and Marco vaudeville shows. In 1933 she founded her own all-female jazz band (whose name changed often: from "Peggy Gilbert and Her Metro Goldwyn Orchestra" to "Peggy Gilbert and her Symphonics", etc.), in which she also performed on saxophone, vibes, piano, and vocals. In the 1930s and 1940s Peggy Gilbert and her band performed in the most famous nightclubs in Hollywood, from the "Cotton Club" to the "Cocoanut Grove." At one of these clubs, Peggy met and fell in love with Kay Boley, a vaudevillian and contortionist who was also performing. During this period, she also appeared in films, toured Alaska with a USO troupe, and began to be an advocate for women musicians. After a difficult period following the Second World War, in the 1950s Gilbert had success on radio and television programs. In 1974, at 69 years old, she created her last great all-girl band, "The Dixie Belles," with other accomplished musicians from vaudeville and the Big Band era. The group performed with great acclaim on TV and at jazz festivals, appearing on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" and in the 1980 Rose Bowl Parade, among many other engagements. In 1985 the band recorded the album ""Peggy Gilbert & The Dixie Belles,"" which is available on CD (from Cambria Master Recordings). Peggy Gilbert lived until the age of 102 and died in Burbank, California.
Life and career.
Early Years.
Peggy Gilbert, originally Margaret Fern Knechtges Gilbert, was born on January 17, 1905, in Sioux City, Iowa. Her father, John Darwin Knechtges, played in theater pit bands in Sioux City as a violinist, and her mother, Edith Ella Gilbert, sang for the opera house in Sioux City. Naturally, Gilbert “was raised to respect all types of music and to love all kinds of music”. She began to take piano lessons at age eight, and frequently accompanied her father to stage shows, playing piano in her first performance with his band. 
Gilbert lived in a nurturing home environment. She and her brother Orval Lloyd Knechtges, who was born in 1900, were always encouraged to listen to music, and they lived a very comfortable life. In addition, her parents did not tolerate prejudice, and they “learned right from the beginning to treat everyone with respect and consideration, regardless of race or ethnicity.” Gilbert admired her father and his musical ability and took much of her inspiration from him. 
At age seven, Gilbert landed her first professional job as a dancer for the touring group of the Scottish cultural ambassador Sir Henry Lauder. She and six other young girls toured Nebraska, South Dakota, North Dakota, and Iowa, performing the Highland Fling dance. 
From a young age, Gilbert was aware of the injustice that came along with gender preference, and she learned that she would have to work hard in order to achieve what she wanted. For example, although her brother Orval encouraged her in her studies, she realized that people treated him differently; she was very aware of the fact that she was “just a girl.” 
Gilbert attended Sioux City High School where she took secretarial courses, as well as weekly piano lessons. When she graduated in 1923, she attended Morningside College for six months before leaving and going into the music business. Part of this decision was based on the fact that in the 1920s, her father became ill, so Gilbert was needed to help support her parents. At this time, she self-taught herself the alto saxophone, as she was told it was not suitable for young women, and joined the Musicians Union in Sioux City.
The Melody Girls.
Gilbert organized her first band in Sioux City, a group that was composed of Gilbert on the saxophone and clarinet, Marjorie Kelley on piano, Dorothy Kelley on banjo and accordion, Orval Knechtges on drums, Ruth Dubnoff on violin, and two other men on trumpet and bass. The Melody Girls, also formed in Sioux City, was made up of five or six pieces and was formed with some of the musicians from her first band. The band played all around the city, in all of the clubs, the Chamber of Commerce, and the Martin Hotel, where they played for two years and were broadcast every night on the local radio station KSCJ. 
When Gilbert’s father died in November 1927, she decided she needed to start a career in the entertainment business in order to support her mother and grandmother. In 1928, the family moved to Los Angeles but had to almost immediately return to Sioux City to help a suddenly widowed Orval. The family, now including Orval and his children, all moved to Los Angeles with Gilbert. The move to Los Angeles, and the promise of fame, prompted Gilbert to adopt her mother’s maiden name because “Knechtges” was too difficult to pronounce. At this time, there wasn’t too much competition in Los Angeles because women jazz musicians were still finding their place in the business. Gilbert’s first job in the city was with the vaudeville performers Irene Franklin and Juanita Connors.
Fanchon and Marco.
In 1928, Gilbert auditioned for the vaudeville producers Fanchon “Fanny” Wolff Simon and Marco “Mike” Wolff, first touring with Rudy Wiedoeft and a sextet of saxophone players in a show titled “Saxophobia Idea.” The show opened in October 1928 in Los Angeles, and toured San Diego, Hollywood, San Francisco, Salem, Seattle, Denver, Buffalo, Hartford, Philadelphia, Washington, D.C., Atlanta, and many other cities. The tour was very well received and widely covered by the press. 
After the “Saxophobia” tour, Gilbert returned to Hollywood. She spent the spring and summer of 1929 as a saxophone player for an all-girl group performing at El Mirador Hotel in Palm Springs. 
In October 1929, Gilbert performed in another Fanchon and Marco tour, the “Jazz Temple Idea.” This yearlong tour helped Gilbert provide for her mother through the stock market crash of 1929. The show, which followed the same itinerary as the “Saxophobia” tour, was considered “a novelty.” The next Fanchon and Marco tour in which Gilbert performed was the “Busy Bee Idea,” a tour that traveled through the United States and Canada in 1930 and 1931. After this tour, Gilbert returned to Los Angeles, where she was doing studio work for MGM.
The Early 1930s.
By the end of the “Busy Bee” tour, the Great Depression was in full swing, and it was much more difficult to earn a living in show business. Gilbert started promoting herself as a bandleader, using connections to appear in several movies with her all-girl band. They appeared as sideliners and usually did not receive screen credit, so it’s hard to know exactly how many films they appeared in at MGM. However, Gilbert began promoting the band as Peggy Gilbert and the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Girls. Known film appearances include "Politics" (1931), "Wet Parade" (1932), and "That’s My Boy" (1932). 
In 1932, Gilbert traveled throughout California, taking up various jobs with various bands. During this time, Gilbert made sure her bands were heard on the radio because she knew it would build them an audience. They were broadcast both live from nightclubs and ballrooms and from the radio stations. 
In 1933, Gilbert joined Boots and Her Buddies. She traveled with them for around three months, then returned to Los Angeles, where the rest of women from the band joined her a few months later. With their arrival in May 1933, Gilbert saw the opportunity to form her own big band. The band played in Las Vegas and at all of the major theater chains in the area: Warner Bros. Theaters, Pantages Theaters, and West Coast Theaters. In October 1933, Gilbert took her band to Hawaii with E.K. Fernandez, the man who began the entertainment business in Hawaii in 1903. 
After the band returned from Hawaii in 1934, there were plenty of jobs available for musicians in Los Angeles. Gilbert always had a gig lined up for the band, and they played in popular nightclubs all over L.A., including the Cocoanut Grove at the Ambassador Hotel, the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, and the Club New Yorker.
The Late 1930s.
The Hollywood music scene continued to flourish in 1935, despite the Great Depression. Gilbert and her band played in clubs and ballrooms all over Hollywood, San Diego, and Southern California. They also took over the radio, as they were broadcast over KFWB, KFOX, and KFXM. They played on KFOX regularly, according to radio listings, and performed regularly at the Italian Village in Los Angeles during the cocktail hour primetime. These radio performances and club gigs led to Gilberts continued popularity in mid-1930s. 
In March 1936, the band performed at the 41 Club’s 35th anniversary celebration, the Annual Dinner Dance of the California Yacht Club, and the Albert Sheetz Circus Café. The band at this point consisted of Kathleen McArtor on drums, Bunny Hart on guitar, Mable Hicks on trumpet, Caryl Agnew on piano, and Gilbert on saxophone. These performances were “rated tops as exponents of modern harmony and swing rhythm.” 
In 1937, the band played at the Zenda Dance Café in Los Angeles five nights a week and appeared in the Second Hollywood Swing Concert at The Palomar. They were considered “one of the finest bands of its type in the country.” In January 1938, Gilbert and her band returned to the Zenda Ballroom, where their two-week contract ended up extending to two years.
The band continued to play in films during this time. They appeared in "Melody for Two" (1937), "The Great Waltz" (1938), "Rhythm of the Saddle" (1938) and "Reckless Living" (1938).
In 1939, Gilbert and her band continued to be featured in many clubs and events, including the New Hollywood Café and the 15th Annual Policemen’s Ball in Phoenix, Arizona. In 1939 and 1940, the band was broadcast on KMPC as “The Early Girls and Three Chirps.” The group did the regular morning and afternoon programs, as well as additional programs that were requested by commercial sponsors. They still played late nights at clubs and worked sidelined in films. Gilbert then returned home in order to live a “normal life,” but, quickly realizing that she couldn’t stay in Sioux City, returned to Los Angeles.
Peggy's Article in "Down Beat".
In 1938, Gilbert wrote an article for "Down Beat" magazine in response to an anonymous article titled “Why Women Musicians Are Inferior.” The article is witty, direct, and sharp, criticizing men who discourage women musicians. Gilbert acknowledges the double standard that women musicians faced: they had to look perfectly beautiful while playing their instruments. It was nearly impossible for an all-girl band to survive “on musicianship rather than looks.” While men were hired for musical talent, women were, for the most part, hired strictly for looks. Gilbert experienced this discrimination throughout her career, as “she encountered incredulity, outright rejection and auditions at which band members were asked to lift their skirts to prove they had good legs.” Gilbert asks an insightful and seemingly obvious question: “How can you smile with a horn in your mouth?” The article is very eloquent and clever, and Gilbert received huge amounts of support from other women musicians all over the country. The article gave Gilbert national prominence as an advocate for women instrumentalists and throughout the rest of her life, Gilbert continued to be a strong “one-woman support network and staunch advocate for women.”
The Early 1940s and World War II.
By the late 1930s, there was very high demand for all-girl bands. This rise of women’s bands that correlated with the United States’ involvement in World War II did not mean that women musicians were solely filling the men’s shoes for a few years. Although “All-woman bands had been abundant in the ‘20s and ‘30s, yet musicians who played in the groups of the ‘40s were regarded as temporary war-time phenomena: Rosie the Riveter with a trumpet.” Despite the growing competition, Gilbert refused to make her shows risqué, and she avoided being a “glamour girl” bandleader. Instead, she focused on the music and on how the band sounded, gaining respect from all who played with her. 
In 1941, Gilbert began to work for Local 47 where she helped the union operate the Hollywood Canteen as a place to entertain troops, host blood drives, sell war bonds, help place male musicians into military bands, and more. Gilbert’s band also began playing as The Victory Belles on a radio show geared toward servicemen. 
In June 1942, Peggy and her steady boyfriend of seven years, James Wright, decided to get married before he was sent to Europe. Although he was gone, Gilbert was kept busy, saying that during World War II, her band was working all the time in all different job settings. 
In 1944, Gilbert did a six-month tour of Alaska with the United Service Organization (USO) with Thelma White, an actress and comedian. The group performed for men in hospitals and camps at various airbases where the band still experienced some gender-based discrimination. One night, high-ranking officers cancelled a hospital ship show so that the women in the band could “mingle at a party instead.” The band, however, was able to leave the party and make it in time to perform, which was what they had come to do. 
In October 1944, before she left for Alaska, Gilbert met Kay Boley, and the two became close, lifelong friends instantly. When Gilbert and her husband got a divorce, she and Kay moved in together and continued out their lives as loving partners and supportive friends. During the time, “there was “no presumption or discussion of a lesbian lifestyle,” and Gilbert and Kay’s lifestyle was accepted by their friends and family. 
When the war ended, Gilbert was back in Los Angeles trying to find jobs for her big band. Many women musicians, including Gilbert, lost their jobs after World War II because the women “had to move over and let men take over where they left off.” 
While Gilbert continued to play whenever she could, she began to work full-time for Local 47, doing clerical work. She was forced to organize a band of men and women after the war because there was a lack of female musicians. This band, called The Jacks and Jills, included Gilbert’s brother Orval on drums and continued to perform until the 1950s. 
In the late 1940s, jazz began to develop into bebop, and Gilbert’s bands became steadily old-fashioned. By 1949, Gilbert was in high demand as a secretary and served on many committees at Local 47. With this section of her life coming to a close, it was clear that “her skill as a saxophonist and bandleader, combined with business acumen, flexibility, and good humor, allowed her to make a living and support her family throughout the depression and war years.”
The Fifties and Sixties.
In 1951, Gilbert received permission from Local 47 to perform with Ada Leonard on KTTV television for a year. In 1953, she left her job at Local 47 for a job as secretary to the president of a barbeque manufacturing company, but she did not stay long at her new job, returning to Local 47 and working there until 1970. 
The late 1950s brought the rise of “free jazz,” and many of the women in Gilbert’s generation were no longer performing. Gilbert, however, continued to play when she was asked, but she realized that she was too old to be performing live on a regular basis. She had to ask for approval from Local 47 to perform outside her office job. Gilbert continued to appear in films with her all-girl groups, including "The Second Time Around" (1961). 
As jobs for musicians began to decline in the early sixties, Gilbert focused on helping younger musicians through Local 47. She was in charge of orientation sessions for new members, as well as served on the Trial Board and Board of Directors for many years. She was discouraged from performing while working there, but was seen on occasional TV shows and motion pictures.
In July 1967, Gilbert was honored at a reunion of sixty women from the “Girls Big Band Era.” The event was “a surprise tribute to one of the most loved and respected leaders of ‘show biz’—Peggy Gilbert.”
The Dixie Belles.
Gilbert retired from Local 47 in January of 1970, on her sixty-fifth birthday, but she continued to serve on the Trial Board of Local 47 until 1984, and in 1985, she was elected to be a Trustee of the Union. 
Gilbert founded a senior citizen Dixieland jazz group, The Dixie Belles, in the early 1970s, and they immediately had great success and began to perform regularly. In 1975, Gilbert put a group together to appear in the film "Long Last Love", and she continued to promote the band for film and TV appearances. 
Gilbert also continued to speak out for women musicians. Beginning in 1979, she wrote a regular column, called “Tuning in on Femme Musicians,” for "The Overture", where she promoted and gave words of encouragement to professional women musicians. At this time, Gilbert was also a senior member of Local 47, and she continued to mentor younger generations of musicians. 
The Dixie Belles continued to perform throughout Southern California, playing at many festivals, fairs, parades, and other events in California. In July 1981, Gilbert received a “Live Music Award” in recognition of her service to Local 47. The Dixie Belles also appeared on several television shows: The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson (1981), Madame’s Place (1982), The Golden Girls (1988), America’s Funniest Home Videos (1991), and You Bet Your Life (1993). The band continued playing for various benefits and festivals during the 1980s. 
In 1986, the Dixie Belles recorded their only album for the Cambria Master Recording label. The band at this time consisted of Gilbert on saxophone, Natalie Robin on clarinet, Marnie Wells on trumpet, Jerrie Thill on drums, Georgia Shilling on piano, and Pearl Powers on bass. 
In March 1986, Jeannie Pool produced a luncheon and concert in order to make a “Tribute to the Pioneer Women Musicians of Los Angeles.” The program honored 106 women musicians that performed in the 1920s, ‘30s, and ‘40s, and Peggy Gilbert and The Dixie Bells made appearances. 
By 1989, the Dixie Belles were playing an average of 150 jobs per year. They band continued to appear on television throughout the early- to mid-1990s, including shows such as ABC-TV World News Saturday and Ellen. 
The death of Dixie Belle clarinetist Natalie Robin in March 1998 marked the end of the band. Some of the members of the band continued to perform, but they had ceased to play as a group, after nearly twenty-four years together.
The Final Years.
In 2005, Gilbert celebrated her 100th birthday at Local 47 in an auditorium that she helped to build in 1949. Throughout her life, Gilbert received awards and honors from the Mayor of Los Angeles, Local 47, various film and broadcasting companies, and musical societies. One that truly represents Gilbert’s life focus is “The Commitment to Feminism Award” that she and the Dixie Belles received in 1990 from they City of Los Angeles Street Fair. After her hundredth birthday, Gilbert became increasingly frail, especially with her partner, Kay, in the hospital. Gilbert passed away from complications from hip surgery on February 12, 2007, at the age of 102. Her ashes were buried a few weeks later in the Hollywood Hills, and Kay, who died only a few months later, is buried next to her. Despite the hardships she faced as a female musician, Gilbert always stayed true to her values and lived by the mantra that “making a living doing something that you love is important. I was making a living in a business that I loved.”

</doc>
<doc id="9781478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781478" title="Rapid anti-personnel minefield breaching system">
Rapid anti-personnel minefield breaching system

The rapid anti-personnel minefield breaching system or RAMBS II is a British rifle grenade used to breach obstacles and clear minefields. It is designed to replace the Bangalore torpedo, offering a more effective and flexible alternative. When deployed, the RAMBS II will clear a path 60 metres long and 0.6 metres wide, compared to the Bangalore's cleared area that is 15 metres long and 1 metre wide.

</doc>
<doc id="9781480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781480" title="Treaty of Fontainebleau (1762)">
Treaty of Fontainebleau (1762)

The Treaty of Fontainebleau was a secret agreement of 1762 in which France ceded Louisiana (New France) to Spain. The treaty followed the last battle in the French and Indian War in North America, the Battle of Signal Hill in September 1762, which confirmed British control of Canada (New France). In Europe, the associated Seven Years' War continued to rage. Having lost Canada, King Louis XV of France proposed to King Charles III of Spain that France should give Spain "the country known as Louisiana, as well as New Orleans and the island in which the city is situated." Charles accepted on November 13, 1762.
This agreement covered all of "Louisiana": the entire valley of the Mississippi River, from the Appalachians to the Rockies. The Treaty of Fontainebleau was kept secret even during the French negotiation and signing of the Treaty of Paris (1763), which ended the war with Britain.
The Treaty of Paris (1763), made between France and Great Britain following the Seven Years' War, divided "La Louisiane" at the Mississippi: the eastern half was ceded to Britain, while the western half and New Orleans were nominally retained by France. Spain did not contest Britain's control of eastern Louisiana, as it already knew it would rule in western Louisiana. Also, under the Treaty of Paris, Spain had ceded Florida to Britain, and western Louisiana was its compensation.
The Treaty of Paris provided a period of 18 months in which French colonists who did not want to live under British rule could freely emigrate to other French colonies. Many of these emigrants moved to Louisiana, where they discovered later that France had ceded Louisiana to Spain.
The cession to Spain was finally revealed in 1764. In a letter dated April 21, 1764, Louis informed the governor, Charles Philippe Aubry, of the transition:
The colonists in western Louisiana did not accept the transition, and expelled the first Spanish governor in the Rebellion of 1768. Alejandro O'Reilly (an Irish émigré) suppressed the rebellion and formally raised the Spanish flag in 1769.
The acquisition of Louisiana consolidated the Spanish empire in North America. When the United States returned Florida to Spain in 1783 following its victory in the American Revolutionary War, Spanish territory completely encircled the Gulf of Mexico, and stretched from Florida west to the Pacific Ocean, and north to Canada west of the Mississippi River.

</doc>
<doc id="9781494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781494" title="Archangel pigeon">
Archangel pigeon

The Archangel is a breed of fancy pigeon, notable for the metallic sheen of its feathers. Archangels, along with other varieties of domesticated pigeons, are all descendants from the Rock Pigeon ("Columba livia"). It is kept as an ornamental or fancy breed, valued for its unusual appearance. Archangels are small, weighing about 12 oz. They have unfeathered legs and dark orange eyes. They may or may not be crested. The body of the bird is bronze or gold with wings that are either black, white, or blue.
This breed is also known as the Gimpel, which is German for European Bullfinch. The United States is the only country in which all color forms are referred to as "Archangels", in Great Britain only the Black and Copper colored birds are called Archangels, this is because the Black and Copper color type was created in Great Britain.
The Archangel is known as Gimpeltaube in Germany, most color types were refined in Germany.
This is a very old breed, the most likely place origin is Dalmatia / Illyria. 
Breeders maintain consistency within the breed by following the breed standard.

</doc>
<doc id="9781498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781498" title="David Eggby">
David Eggby

David Eggby is an Australian cinematographer. He was born in 1950 in London, but has lived in Melbourne since childhood. He received the Cinematographer of the Year (2001) and the Golden Tripod from the Australian Cinematographers Society, both for his work on the film "Pitch Black".
Beginning his career as a photographer for the Royal Australian Navy, Eggby then moved on to work for Australian television production company Crawfords, working on such shows as "Homicide "and "Matlock Police". Eggby's lucky break would be the low budget action film "Mad Max". Often risking personal injury, Eggby would perch himself on the back of a speeding motorbike to achieve adrenaline pumping shots for the cult favourite.

</doc>
<doc id="9781509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781509" title="Zumbi (song)">
Zumbi (song)

"Zumbi" is a song by Brazilian samba-rock artist Jorge Ben. It appears on his 1974 album, "A Tábua de Esmeralda". Its title refers to Brazilian slave settlement leader Zumbi dos Palmares. The song's lyrics describe the scene of a slave auction, ending with hopeful speculation about what will happen when Zumbi arrives. The refrain "Angola, Congo, Benguela, Monjolo, Cabinda, Mina, Quiloa, Rebolla" evokes the African origins of the slaves up for sale in the song.
The song has also been recorded by Caetano Veloso on the album "Nights of the North".

</doc>
<doc id="9781514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781514" title="Gina Tuttle">
Gina Tuttle

Gina Tuttle is an American actress and voice-over artist. She been the announcer for the Academy Awards on four separate occasions. 
Early life.
Gina Tuttle was born in California. She spent her teenage years in the Ocala, Florida area, where she graduated from Lake Weir High School. When she was 15 years old, she posed for her first modeling job after she was noticed in a shopping mall by a local businessman who wanted a photo of a young girl in a Santa hat for a Christmas display. When she was 16, she began modeling bathing suits and clothing for Belk Lindsey department store advertisements.
Career.
When she was 19 years old, Tuttle returned to California and began working as an actress and announcer. She has been an announcer for the Academy Awards on multiple occasions, beginning in 2001 with Steve Martin and also 2007 with Ellen DeGeneres, co-hosting with Don La Fontaine, and on camera. She was the announcer, again, in 2009 with Hugh Jackman, and subsequently at the 82nd Academy Awards with Alec Baldwin and Steve Martin as co-hosts.

</doc>
<doc id="9781541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781541" title="Creative Vibes">
Creative Vibes

Creative Vibes is a record label that sources, signs and releases local Australian acts. It also licenses material from overseas and imports CDs and vinyl from around the world and has its own sales and distribution arm.
Creative Vibes has been nominated for 'Best Independent Label' at the Australian Dance Music Awards (DMA's), between 2000 and 2004, winning the award in 2000 and 2002.
A number of Creative Vibes artists have been nominated for ARIA Awards including Gotye (2006 - 'Best Independent Release' : "Like Drawing Blood"; 2007 - 'Best Dance Release', 'Best Independent Release', 'Album of the Year' & 'Best Male Artist': "Mixed Blood"), James Muller (2006 - 'Best Jazz Artist' : "Kaboom"), Mike Nock & Dave Liebman (2007 – 'Best Jazz Album' : "Duologue"), Joseph And James Tawadros (2006 - 'Best World Album' : "Visions"). At the 2006 AIR Chart Awards Gotye's album "Like Drawing Blood" won 'Most Outstanding Independent Artist' and in 2007 "Mixed Blood" was nominated 'Best Independent Artist'.
In December 2008, the label announced it was ceasing operations. They said "We're hugely proud of the work we've done over the past decade and a half. Sadly though, as a truly independent company we just can't compete with large companies and multinational companies supplying everything from music to computers and electrical items, to give retailers what they now need to stay in business and sell good music at the same time." 

</doc>
<doc id="9781552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781552" title="Saru Brunei">
Saru Brunei

Saru Brunei was a video game development company that works in partnership with Nintendo. Saru Brunei was a part of Marigul Management. Saru Brunei was headed up by former Nintendo game designer Gento Matsumoto. Matsumoto was Shigeru Miyamoto's right-hand man for 15 years. Saru Brunei was defunct as Marigul was liquidated in May, 2003.
Company Profile.
Saru Brunei was responsible for the cancelled Nintendo 64 game, "" (Animal Leader), they then however ported the game to the Nintendo GameCube as in 2002. The game was published by Nintendo in Japan, but published by Atlus in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="9781554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781554" title="Oregon Rangers">
Oregon Rangers

The Oregon Rangers were the first organized militia of settlers in the Willamette Valley of what became the U.S. state of Oregon, but at the time was the Oregon Country. Organized in 1844, the Provisional Government of Oregon never called the troops out to service. Later a second militia was formed in 1846 with the same name and some of the same members, lasting a few months.
Formation.
On March 4, 1844, a Molala or Clackamas Native American tribal member named Cockstock attacked and killed two settlers. One of these settlers was George LeBreton, Recorder for the Provisional Government. In response to this attack, the government met March 9 to authorize the formation of a militia. Thus the first militia in Oregon was formed on March 23, 1844 under the command of Thomas Dove Keizur, and called themselves the Oregon Rangers. A total of 25 men enlisted in the group including Webley John Hauxhurst, Isaac Hutchens, John B. Keizer, Lindsay Applegate, William Henry Gray, John Ford, and Daniel Waldo among others. This group could be called into service by any of the officers of the company or by any of the members of the Provisional Government’s Executive Committee. The government never called the group to action as the excitement from the Comstock incident had since calmed down.
Two years later the Oregon Rangers were revived. This group formed in May 1846 with a meeting at Daniel Waldo’s farm. The group drew up an agreement between the participants to create a mounted rifle company. The agreement reads in part:
With the creation, they selected the officers of the company as follows: Captain Charles Bennett, First Lieutenant A.A. Robinson, Second Lieutenant Isaac Hutchins, Third Lieutenant Hiram English, orderly sergeant Thomas Holt, second sergeant Thomas Howell, third sergeant S.C. Morris, fourth sergeant William H. Herron, first corporal P.C. Keizer, second corporal Robert Walker, third corporal B. Frost, fourth corporal John Rowe. The company totaled 45 men for the militia. They then drilled each Saturday at Waldo’s farm in the Waldo Hills east of the defunct Methodist Mission. Many in the group had some military experience, including Bennett and Holt who had been in the Seminole War as dragoons.
Battle Creek Incident.
A small group of Native Americans had come to the east Willamette Valley in June 1846. They had come from The Dalles and camped on the Santiam River. Soon rumors were floating around the pioneer settlements that these natives were stealing and eating the livestock of Hamilton Campbell. Campbell had purchased the cattle from the Methodist Mission when it was dissolved a few years earlier. Various other accusations of stealing were also levied. So a messenger was sent to Waldo’s farm, where the Oregon Rangers were drilling, to seek assistance. Captain Bennett was not there, and the company was drilling under first lieutenant Robinson. Soon about forty of the Rangers headed towards the area occupied by the natives, near what became Battle Creek in Marion County, Oregon. This cavalry rode about 14 miles to the encampment and come upon the natives to the surprise of both parties. Soon a skirmish ensued and David Daily shot one of the natives. The Rangers soon retreated a short distance and then opened fire with their longer range rifles. After a short time the firing stopped and the two parties talked to each other. The natives were upset and angered by the seemingly unprovoked attack, and they denied any infractions against any of the settlers. There was no proof offered against them, so the Rangers offered a horse and some blankets as reparations for the injured native, who may have recovered. This was the only casualty of the skirmish. However, this poor judgment and action by the Rangers led to ridicule by fellow settlers and the company was disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="9781555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781555" title="Thubten Gyatso (Australian monk)">
Thubten Gyatso (Australian monk)

Thubten Gyatso (born Adrian Feldmann) was ordained by Lama Thubten Yeshe in the 1970s and was one of the first Westerners to become a monk in the Gelug school of Tibetan Buddhism. He is a Foundation for the Preservation of the Mahayana Tradition veteran who has been instrumental in establishing a number of Dharma centres in France, Taiwan, Australia and Mongolia. 
Born in Melbourne in 1943, Adrian Feldmann graduated from the University of Melbourne with a degree in medicine. After practising medicine in Australia and overseas, he travelled for several years through Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan, eventually finding his way to a Tibetan monastery in Nepal. After much study and soul-searching, he became ordained as the Buddhist monk, Venerable Thubten Gyatso. Since then he has run a free medical practice in Nepal, taught Buddhism and meditation in Nepal and in France, establishing monasteries in France and in Bendigo, Victoria, Australia.
In the late nineties, Gyatso lectured extensively in the USA. He then spent some years in Mongolia, where he was well regarded, and his teachings were presented on radio and television and published in the local newspapers. 
Books.
Gyatso's most recent book, "A Leaf in the Wind", is a personal account of one man's search for happiness which is often humorous and sometimes shocking. Venerable Gyatso doesn't shirk revealing the mistakes and failings which help to highlight his personal message of hope. He wants us to know that the ego undermines our happiness and fortifies our habitual destructive emotions. His spiritual path is a quest to slay the ego and his life story is a parable for modern times.
"The Perfect Mirror: Reflections on Truth and Illusion " explains the principal teachings of the Buddha and reflects on the search for a truthful way of life, the pursuit of happiness, birth, death, love, friendship, sex, marriage and raising children. Peppered throughout are entertaining and astounding true stories from his life: stories of ghosts in the Nepalese mountains, the mysterious appearance of Western-style breakfasts in a remote monastery in the Himalayas and how his first parachute jump was an excellent preparation for realizing the sky-like nature of the emptiness of all things.

</doc>
<doc id="9781564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781564" title="Edward Burlingame Hill">
Edward Burlingame Hill

Edward Burlingame Hill (September 9, 1872 in Cambridge, Massachusetts – July 9, 1960 in Francestown, New Hampshire) was an American composer.
Career.
After graduating from Harvard University in 1894, Hill studied music in Boston with John Knowles Paine, Frederick Field Bullard (de), Margaret Ruthven Lang, and George Elbridge Whiting, and in Paris with Charles Marie Widor. Finally, on his return to Boston, he pursued studies with George Whitefield Chadwick. He joined the Harvard faculty in 1908, remaining until his retirement in 1940. His later-famous pupils included Leonard Bernstein, Roger Sessions, Elliott Carter, Walter Piston, Ross Lee Finney and Virgil Thomson. Among a range of other works, Hill wrote four symphonies, four symphonic poems, two orchestral pantomimes, two orchestral suites, two piano concertos, one violin concerto, one cor anglais concerto, chamber music, jazz studies for two pianos, one choral ode, and one cantata.

</doc>
<doc id="9781592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781592" title="Damas Gratis">
Damas Gratis

Damas Gratis (Spanish for "Ladies' Night", literally "Ladies for Free") is an Argentinian cumbia villera band started by Pablo Lescano in 2000.
In 2012, their album "Esquivando el éxito" won a Premios Gardel award for the best album by a "tropical" group. Their spiritual leader is an applied mathematician, well known due to his active struglles against the argentinian educational system map.
Discography.
Para los Pibes del Pabellón 2(2000)
En Vivo - Hasta las Manos (2001)
Operación Damas Gratis (2002)
100% Negro Cumbiero (2004)
Damas gratis - En Vivo 2004 (2004)
Sin Remedio (2005)
Solo para Entendidos (2006)
La Gota que Rebasó El Vaso (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="9781600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781600" title="Dirk Schlächter">
Dirk Schlächter

Dirk Schlächter (born 15 February 1965, in Bad Nauheim, Germany) is the bassist of the power metal band Gamma Ray.
History.
Dirk got in touch with music for the first time joining a music school at the age of 8. At the age of 11 he got his first acoustic guitar followed by an electric guitar at the age of 15. At the age of 19 he turned to bass guitar. During this time he played in bands called Blue Life, Sold Out, Louis Glover House Band and Drivin' Force.
Dirk appeared as a guest musician on Gamma Ray's first album, Heading For Tomorrow, playing bass on the track "Money" and parts of the track "The Silence". The rest of the bass-parts on the album were recorded by Uwe Wessel. Schlächter was hired to play bass with Gamma Ray for their first tour, but as Uwe Wessel's former band split up at this point Wessel replaced him. Schlächter was then offered the job of second guitarist.
From this point on Schlächter became Gamma Ray's permanent second guitarist. He played guitar on the albums Sigh No More, Insanity and Genius and Land of the Free. After the Land of the Free album Schlächter was supposed to swap positions with bassist Jan Rubach, but instead Rubach quit the band. Schlächter took over the position of bassist and Henjo Richter became the band's new guitarist. The release of the album Somewhere Out In Space marked Schlächter's return to playing bass, a job he has had ever since. 
Schlächter is also the producer of Gamma Ray albums since Insanity and Genius, along with the band's mainman Kai Hansen.

</doc>
<doc id="9781678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781678" title="1989 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill">
1989 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Downhill

Men's Downhill World Cup 1988/1989
Final point standings.
In Men's Downhill World Cup 1988/89 all results count.
Men's Downhill Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9781685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781685" title="Alvin Rides Again">
Alvin Rides Again

Alvin Rides Again is a 1974 Australian sex-comedy film sequel to "Alvin Purple". It was directed by David Bilcock and Robin Copping, who were regular collaborators with Tim Burstall. It was rated M unlike its predecessor which was rated R. "Alvin Rides Again" still features a lot of full frontal nudity.
Plot.
Alvin Purple is unable to hold down a job because of his appeal to women. He and his friend Spike help a team of women cricketers win a match by playing in drag, and decide to spend their share of the prize money in a casino. Alvin discovers he is identical in appearance to gangster Balls McGee. When Balls is killed, Alvin is forced to take his place.
Production.
Tim Burstall said neither he, Alan Hopgood or Graeme Blundell were particularly interested in making a sequel to "Alvin Purple" but the film was so successful, Hexagon Productions wanted a follow up. Blundell wanted to avoid being typecast so a story was created which gave him a chance to play a double role. Burstall, who claims he wrote most of the script with Al Finney, says that:
When it came to the crunch, Blundell failed to differentiate between paying Balls and playing Alvin pretending to be Balls. In my view, the film fails for precisely that reason, i.e. Alvin is lost.
Release.
"Alvin Rides Again" was the recipient of some more controversy when it was released but was only rated M. It did not perform as well as its predecessor but still grossed $600,000 by the end of 1977 and ended up taking $1,880,000 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $12,690,000 in 2009 dollars.
John D. Lamond, who worked on the film's release, thought the filmmakers made a mistake making it "less sexy, because they didn’t want to lose any potential audience... So the second one wasn’t rated R and it flopped, fell on its arse after the first month."
Home Media.
"Alvin Rides Again" was released on DVD by Umbrella Entertainment in April 2011. The DVD is compatible with region codes 2 and 4 and includes special features such as the theatrical trailer, picture gallery and interviews with Tim Burstall, Alan Hopgood and Robin Copping.

</doc>
<doc id="9781691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781691" title="KNST (AM)">
KNST (AM)

KNST is a news/talk radio station in Tucson, Arizona, broadcasting at 790 kHz. The station serves the greater Tucson area, including the nearby enclaves of Marana, Oro Valley, Green Valley, Sahuarita, Sierra Vista, and Vail.
KNST is the tenth most listened to commercial radio station in Tucson. (including noncommercial radio stations, KNST rates 13th). 
Programming.
KNST's weekday lineup parallels most Clear Channel talk stations. It includes Tucson's Morning Show with News Anchor Paul Birmingham, Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Glenn Beck, Dave Ramsey, Michael Savage, "Coast to Coast AM", and The Wall Street Journal This Morning.
As well as local news every day, the stations also deliver newscasts from Fox News Radio every half hour.
Weekend programs and hosts include: Ric Edelman, Cigar Dave, Armed American Radio, "The Jesus Christ Show", Kim Komando, Bob Brinker, Bill Cunningham, Coast to Coast AM, and The Wall Street Journal This Weekend. Local how-to programming covers auto repair with "Under The Hood with Mark Salem", gardening and home repair with Rosie Romero's "Rosie On The House" (originating from its flagship station KTAR-FM in Phoenix), and money saving, sustainability savvy with "Mrs. Green Goes Mainstream".
790 KNST is owned by Clear Channel Communications.
History.
790 AM was home to one other Tucson broadcaster, KCEE, until the change to KWFM and the move of KNST from 940 AM.
KNST actually began in July 1981. It was started when Western Cities Broadcasting changed the format of soft-AC "Magic 94" KMGX which had been on the air for four years before that (the station was country-formatted KHOS before that). The calls stand for 'News Sports Talk'. The station was sold to Nationwide Communications, a subsidiary of Nationwide Insurance, later in the 1980s. KNST broadcast on 940 AM until it was moved to 790 AM in 1993. 
Nationwide later sold its Tucson stations to Tucson Radio Partners, which in turn was absorbed by Prism Radio and then Clear Channel Communications in the 1990s.
The station was assigned the call letters "KWFM" on 1992-06-08. On 1993-04-04, the station changed its call sign to the current KNST.
KNST was the radio flagship station for University of Arizona men's basketball and football broadcasts from about 1984 until 2004, when the broadcasts moved to KCUB, the local Fox Sports Radio affiliate, branded as "1290 The Source".

</doc>
<doc id="9781722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781722" title="List of Inheritance Cycle characters">
List of Inheritance Cycle characters

This is a list of characters in the Inheritance Cycle, a fantasy series by Christopher Paolini. Many of the names Paolini has used originate from Old Norse, German, Old English and Russian sources as well as the invented languages.
Major characters.
Eragon.
Eragon is the protagonist of the Inheritance Cycle. He is also known as Eragon Shadeslayer, Argetlam, Shur'tugal, Firesword and Kingkiller. Eragon's character originally began as an autobiographical character of Christopher Paolini. Eragon is the son of Selena and Brom, although Eragon's relationship to Brom is not revealed until "Brisingr", the third novel, until which time he is thought to be the son of Morzan. Eragon is the cousin of Roran Garrowsson. He was raised as a farm-boy for fifteen years under the care of his uncle Garrow. Then, a few months before his sixteenth birthday, the last female dragon in Alagaësia, Saphira, hatched for him. His uncle was killed by the Ra'zac, and he leaves Carvahall to seek revenge with Brom, the storyteller with a secret life. He later finds out that Brom was a dragon rider, but Brom is mortally wounded by the Ra'zac and his death greatly affects Eragon. Eragon is rescued by Murtagh and they journey to Gil'ead to find the Varden, where they rescue Arya, and then flee to the Varden at Farthen Dûr. Eragon also finds out that he is the last hope for Alagaësia to rid the great land of the evil of Galbatorix. When the battle of Farthen Dûr is over, Ajihad was murdered by the Urgals and Murtagh is captured. Eragon then journeys to Ellesméra, the capital of the elves where he finds the only living dragon and Rider from the fall, Oromis and Glaedr. They teach Eragon the ways of the Riders of Old. Eragon later becomes half elf after a transformation caused by the dragons. Eragon then travels to the Burning Plains to defend the Varden when they confront Galbatorix's army. Eragon then finds out that Murtagh is now a Dragon Rider, his dragon being the red dragon Thorn, and they have become enslaved by Galbatorix. After a brutal combat, Murtagh defeats Eragon but lets him go after telling Eragon they share the same parents - Morzan of the Forsworn and Selena. Murtagh takes Zar'roc from him, claiming it as his rightful inheritance as the eldest son. 
In "Brisingr", Roran and Eragon storm Helgrind and defeat the Ra'zac. Eragon is then sent to Tronjheim by Nasuada where he witnesses the ascension of Orik as the dwarves' King which only occurred after many grim events, including an attack on Eragon and banishment of the dwarf clan whose leader was responsible. Eragon then travels on to Ellesméra to speak again with Oromis and Glaedr and learns the truth about his parentage, that he was the son of Brom. From Glaedr he learns about the Eldunarí, the souls of dragons that are the secret of the tremendous magical strength of Galbatorix. Glaedr gives his own Eldunari to Eragon in case he and Oromis are killed during the war. Eragon then takes the meteroic ore Brightsteel from the roots of the Menoa tree, which he then uses to forge a Rider's sword with the help of Rhunön. He names the sword Brisingr and discovers that whenever he says the name of his sword, it catches fire. Then he and Saphira help take the coastal city of Feinster, after helping Arya defeat Varaug, a Shade who was even stronger than Durza.
In "Inheritance", Eragon and Saphira lead the Varden in several battles. Eragon continues to learn from Glaedr and infiltrates Dras-Leona via the catacombs. Although he and Arya are captured, Angela rescues them. Later Nasuada is captured by Murtagh and taken to Uru'baen, and Eragon is named as her successor as leader of the Varden. He and Saphira travel to Vroengard and locate the Vault of Souls, which contains a store of Eldunari and dragon eggs placed there during Galbatorix's rise to power for safekeeping. During the battle of Uru'baen, Eragon defeats King Galbatorix with the help of Arya, Elva, Glaedr, and the Eldunarí. After the war he assists Nasuada in setting up the new kingdom and keeping peace. He also remakes the spell that creates Dragon Riders so that dwarves and Urgals can also become Riders, but eventually leaves Alagaesia to find a suitable place to keep the Eldunari and eggs safe and train the new generation of Riders. 
Eragon was portrayed by Edward Speleers in the film adaptation of "Eragon".
Saphira.
Saphira Bjartskular ("meaning "Brightscales" in the Ancient Language") is a female blue dragon who hatches from an egg stolen from Galbatorix by Brom and Jeod. She is mentioned in the novels to be the last female dragon in all of Alagaësia. In "Eragon", her egg was ferried between the Elves and the Varden by the elf, Arya, in an attempt find the person destined to be her Rider. When Durza the Shade tries to steal the egg, Arya teleports it to the Spine, a range of mountains, where Eragon finds it. Soon afterwards, Saphira hatches and grows rapidly under Eragon's care. After the death of Eragon's Uncle Garrow at the hands of the Ra'zac, Saphira accompanies Brom and Eragon in their travels in search of the Ra'zac. During these travels Eragon learns to ride her and their bond becomes stronger. Saphira also assists Eragon in rescuing Arya from Durza and in the Battle of Farthen Dûr, and Eragon rides Saphira when they fight the Urgals (under the control of Durza) with the Varden. While Eragon fights Durza, Saphira breathes fire for the first time, and Eragon slays Durza.
In "Eldest", Saphira and Eragon travel to Du Weldenvarden to continue their training. Here, as a dragon, Saphira is regarded as the highest-ranking citizen of Elf culture. Saphira is taught more about flying and fighting by the dragon Glaedr and develops romantic feelings for him, although he does not return them. Their training is interrupted when Eragon and Saphira fly to the aid of the Varden and fight in the Battle of the Burning Plains. During the battle, Eragon and Saphira are defeated by a new Rider and Dragon, Murtagh and Thorn, respectively. Murtagh spares Eragon and Saphira's lives on account of their former friendship and family ties, and then departs with Thorn.
In "Brisingr", Saphira, Eragon, and Roran go to Helgrind to rescue Katrina and kill the Ra'zac and Lethrblaka. Eragon finds Sloan and decides to stay in the Empire to punish Sloan for his part in betraying Carvahall. Saphira is forced to separate from him when Eragon asks her to fly Roran and Katrina back to safety. Later in the book, they are again separated as Saphira stays with the Varden to protect them, while Eragon travels to the dwarves to act as the Varden's ambassador and do what he can to ensure a dwarf king will be chosen who will continue to support the Varden in their war. During the coronation, Saphira repairs the Star Sapphire, Isidar Mithrim. For that, the dwarves carve her name onto the sapphire along with the creator's name in her honour. Saphira and Eragon then travel to Du Weldenvarden, where Eragon is told by Oromis and Glaedr that he's not Morzan's son, but Brom's. Saphira then shares a memory Brom asked her to show to Eragon when he found out the truth, a memory of Brom speaking to Eragon as a son, advising him and stating how proud he is to have Eragon as a son.
Saphira and Eragon then complete their training with Oromis and Glaedr. Glaedr tells Eragon and Saphira of the Eldunari, which a dragon's consciousness can live on in after their body dies. When Eragon asks why she didn't mention this to her, Saphira states Glaedr told her to keep her Eldunari safe and not speak of it until they were ready for the knowledge. Glaedr gives Saphira and Eragon his Eldunari to keep safe. Saphira and Eragon then join the Varden's siege of Feinster, aiding the Varden in their victory.
In "Inheritance", Saphira is hit by a Dauthdaert during the battle of Belatona, and is wounded. Blödgharm and his elves heal her. She continues to fight alongside Eragon as the Varden move close to the capital. At Dras-Leona she helps to draw Glaedr out of his grief at Oromis's death and persuades him to begin training Eragon again. Later Saphira and Eragon drive off Murtagh and Thorn and capture the city. After Nasuada's capture, Saphira flies Eragon and Glaedr to Vroengard to locate the Vault of Souls, and both Saphira and Eragon discover their true names. Inside the vault, they discover a store of Eldunari, and fly back to the Varden. At the battle of Uru'baen, Saphira and Eragon break into Galbatorix's citadel and when Galbatorix tries to force Eragon to swear loyalty, she and Thorn attack Shruikan and pin his head, allowing Arya to kill Shruikan with the Dauthdaert. After the war she and Eragon continue to help the Varden, but eventually leave Alagaesia with the Eldunari and the dragon eggs to find somewhere safe to train the new generation of riders. Before she leaves, she expresses romantic feelings for Firne, eventually mating with him.
As Eragon's dragon, Saphira has a deep emotional bond with him, similar to a two-way parent and child relationship. As a result, she supports him in almost everything he does. Her main goal is to keep Eragon safe, even stating herself that should Eragon be captured, she would go so far as to give herself up to Galbatorix, dooming Alagaësia, just to save Eragon. But despite her sage and clever mind, Saphira still is a relatively young dragon, and can have moments of immaturity, such as when she hypocritically told Eragon to give up on his romantic feelings for Arya due to their age difference, while she herself was romantically attracted to Glaedr and attacked him when he spurned her advances. She also once attacked the Menoa Tree when the spirit inside refused to talk with them.
While the story centers its third-person perspective on Eragon most of the time, Roran and Saphira both act as the reader's area of perspective in the second and third books. During the chapters in which Saphira acts as the reader's outlet, they are treated to her unique thoughts. Saphira (and Glaedr at times) is noted to retain unusual mental titles for certain things. These titles are typically a mash up of adjectives and descriptive nouns. Humans are referred to as "two-legged-round-ears", Riders, "partner-of-her-mind-and-heart" and dragons, "sons/daughters-of-the-wind". Saphira's namesake is Brom's dragon before she was slain during a fight with the forsworn.
Saphira's name is a play on the word "Sapphire".
Saphira was voiced by Rachel Weisz in the film.
Arya.
Arya Dröttningu is a female elf in the Inheritance Cycle and the only love-interest of Eragon. She is the daughter of King Evandar and Queen Islanzadí and is the queen of the elves after the death of her mother at the hand of Lord Barst at the Battle of Uru'baen. She is shown throughout the series to be both beautiful and wise as well as possessing inhuman speed, strength, grace, and superior fighting and magical skills in keeping with the rest of her kind. She is described as having long black hair, slanted cat-like green eyes, and pointed ears like all elves. She often dresses in simple black leather leggings, boots and shirt. 
Before the series begins, Arya is banned from Queen Islanzadí's presence when she chooses to become the elven ambassador and have the 'yawё' mark put on her shoulder (a symbol of trust). Queen Islanzadí banned her due to her safety as it was unsuitable for a princess to carry the duty although Islanzadí felt compelled to agree with Arya's choice because two male elves, Faölin and Glenwing had decided to accompany her during her tenure as ambassador and egg courier. She is also been appointed as a courier of the dragon egg that Brom and Jeod had managed to recover from Galbatorix so she shipped it between the Varden and elves.
At the beginning of "Eragon", Durza the Shade manages to capture Arya and kill Faölin and Glenwing but fails to lay hands on the egg when Arya teleports it to The Spine, where it was found by Eragon. Arya is then imprisoned in Gil'ead. In order to prevent her escape, she was administered magic-suppressing drugs and a dose of a lethal poison continuously to extract her knowledge about Saphira's egg, Varden whereabouts and the elves. During her imprisonment, she was brutally beaten and tortured by Durza and would be given an antidote daily to a poison she was repeatedly given. During her sleep, the Eldunarí on Vroengard sent Eragon a dream that compelled him to help Arya escape from Gil'ead. 
When Eragon is imprisoned in the same jail, he rescued her along with Murtagh though Arya remains in a self-induced coma to slow the effects of the poison. Mentally communicating with Eragon, she informs him that the Varden has the antidote to Durza's poison. Arya informs Eragon where to find the Varden. Arya is therefore brought to Farthen Dûr by Eragon and heals sufficiently to fight when Farthen Dûr comes under attack from Galbatorix's forces. During the battle, Arya and Saphira helps Eragon kill Durza; distracting the Shade by breaking the huge star sapphire, Isidar Mithrim, though this earns her the animosity of the dwarves.
In "Eldest", Arya accompanies Eragon to Ellesméra, where she is reconciled with her mother, at least in some ways. During their time in Ellesméra, Eragon expresses his love for Arya but she rejects him, partly because she is over 100 years old, but also (as told in "Brisingr") because she still had romantic feelings for Faölin, who is dead. It is also speculated in the novels that she is hesitant to a relationship with Eragon because it could become a weakness and distraction from Eragon's most important task - defeating Galbatorix. She does believe Eragon to be her friend and says she feels only a good friendship between Eragon and herself. After the Agaeti Blödhren ("Blood-Oath Celebration" in the Ancient Language), Arya returns to the Varden in Surda and fights in the Battle of the Burning Plains against Galbatorix and his followers.
In "Brisingr", after Eragon's raid on Helgrind, Arya ignores Nasuada and leaves the Varden to join and accompany him back. During their journey back to the Varden, Arya's relationship with Eragon becomes more friendly as she speaks more openly about her past life and feelings toward him. Arya also joins Eragon in the Siege of Feinster, and with Eragon's help, kills Varaug, the Shade created by the city's magicians. They hug each other briefly for comfort after learning of Oromis and Glaedr's deaths.
In "Inheritance", Arya becomes queen of the elves after Queen Islanzadí dies. She also becomes the Rider of a green dragon named Fírnen. In the last chapters she tells Eragon her true name. By the end of the book, it is clear that she has strong feelings for Eragon.
Arya was portrayed by Sienna Guillory in the film.
Brom.
Brom is a former Dragon rider in the Inheritance Cycle and Eragon's first mentor. In addition, Brom is later (in "Brisingr") revealed to be Eragon's father. He is known for his formidable battle skills and his intelligence. Brom was also the founder of the Varden.
Brom was born in Kuasta. During his years as a young Dragon Rider, Brom idolized Morzan until Morzan betrayed the Dragon Riders and became leader of the Forsworn. During a battle at Vroengard, Brom's dragon, Saphira (not to be confused with Eragon's dragon), was killed. Brom, driven almost mad with pain and loss, personally kills Morzan and two of the Forsworn and orchestrates the deaths of five others. In an effort to overthrow Galbatorix, Brom founds the resistance group called the Varden and helps steal one of the three remaining dragon eggs from Galbatorix. As Eragon grows up in Carvahall, Brom watches over him in the guise of the village storyteller.
When Eragon's uncle Garrow is killed, Brom joins Eragon on his quest for vengeance, training him in swordsmanship and magic. He gives Eragon his sword, Zar'roc, which he took from Morzan, and which later (in "Eldest") falls into the hands of Murtagh, son of Morzan.
Brom is mortally wounded by the Ra'zac and, just before he dies, tells Eragon seven words in the ancient language, but tells Eragon to "use them only in great need." The text and meaning of these words retains a strong interest and allegiance to his memory.
It is confirmed in "Brisingr", the third book of the Inheritance cycle, that Brom was Eragon's father when Eragon learns about his background from Oromis and Glaedr (Eragon believed himself to be Morzan's son).
Brom was played by Jeremy Irons in the film adaption of Eragon.
Galbatorix.
Galbatorix is the main antagonist in the Inheritance Cycle. He is the traitor that brought about the destruction of the Riders before the series began. When his first dragon, Jarnunvösk, is killed by Urgals, and he is not allowed another one, the enraged Galbatorix turns against the Riders. He recruits Morzan, first of the thirteen Forsworn, to his cause, and with his help steals a dragon hatchling and uses dark magic to bring the dragon, Shruikan, under his control. He recruits more members of the Forsworn as he sets out to destroy the Riders, and derives his growing magical strength from the captured souls of dead dragons, the Eldunarí. Galbatorix and the Forsworn destroy the old order of Riders, including their leader Vrael, and Galbatorix anoints himself King of Alagaesia, enslaving hundreds of Eldunari and using their vast magical reserves to stay in power. The destruction of the Riders spreads war, madness, and chaos throughout Alagaësia. A hundred years later, almost all human lands are under Galbatorix's control, and he seeks to destroy or subjugate the other races (elf, dwarf and Urgal). It has been said that three elves, one a dragon rider and two spell-casters, have discovered his true name, but he put a spell around his name that kills anyone who uses it, so he cannot be magically controlled.
Galbatorix rarely leaves his citadel in Urû'baen, his capital city and the center of his Empire (which starts at the coast and ends at the Hadarac Desert) which he conquered when he deposed King Angrenost of the Broddring Kingdom. Because of this, he did not appear in "Eragon" and "Eldest", despite being mentioned frequently by the other characters. In "Brisingr", Galbatorix is surprised to find Oromis and Glaedr still alive. His voice is heard near the end, when Eragon has a vision of Oromis and Glaedr fighting Murtagh and Thorn, and Galbatorix takes possession of Murtagh's body in order to kill Oromis and Glaedr. In "Inheritance" Galbatorix is first seen when he has Nasuada captured and brought to him by Murtagh, who had previously stated he can be charming and persuasive in certain conditions, and violent and intimidating in others. He at first tries to persuade Nasuada to join him, outlining plans for controlling all magicians in the Empire. Although he pretends his intentions are benevolent (and Nasuada herself wishes to enforce restrictions on magicians so they cannot use their powers for personal gain at another's expense), it is clear he is more interested in holding on to the throne. When Nasuada argues against the cruelty he has inflicted on the land in his hundred years of power, he tortures her to try and break her spirit.
In the climax of "Inheritance", Galbatorix reveals he has discovered the true name of the ancient language, giving him total control over all spells cast using the language. He threatens to kill two children that he is holding as hostages if Eragon attacks him, then forces Eragon and Murtagh to duel each other. After Eragon emerges victorious, Murtagh turns on Galbatorix, having broken his magical enslavement by changing his own true name due to falling in love with Nasuada. Murtagh uses the name of the Ancient Language to overpower the king and remove his wards, but Galbatorix regains control, disables Murtagh and turns his attacks toward Eragon, intending to break his mind using mental powers and force him to submit. Eragon, with the help of the Eldunarí, casts an empathy spell on the King, forcing Galbatorix to experience first hand every feeling that his existence has caused in people. A hundred years' worth of pain and cruelty is inflicted on Galbatorix at once, driving the king mad. Arya uses the distraction to kill Shruikan with the Dauthdaert. The king thrusts his sword at Eragon, who overpowers him and stabs him in the stomach. Unable to bear the pain, Galbatorix begs Eragon to make it stop, and then employs an unmaking spell upon himself, converting his flesh to energy and causing the citadel to be destroyed in an explosion that destroys most of Urû'baen. Thus, after a century of uncertainty, the reign of the dark king had finally come to an end.
Galbatorix's name means "The Big King" in Gallican language.
Galbatorix was played by John Malkovich in the film adaptation of "Eragon".
Nasuada.
Nasuada is the daughter of Ajihad and Nadara. In "Eragon", Murtagh says "I've seen earls and counts who had wives, compared to her, were more fitted for life as a hog than of nobility," to describe Nasuada. Eragon has a sense of foreboding, remembering the prophecy of his epic romance with one of noble birth. Upon her father's death at the beginning of "Eldest", Nasuada becomes leader of the Varden. Due to limitation of resources in the Varden's stronghold in Farthen Dûr, she leads the Varden to Surda, a rebel country to the south of Alagaësia, separate from the empire, that holds a secret allegiance to the Varden. Nasuada convinces King Orrin to become open in their allegiance. She persuades Trianna the sorceress to devise a means of creating lace by magic, which could be sold to raise funds for the Varden, as lace is very expensive, rare, and valued in these books.
In "Eldest," Nasuada commands Surda and the Varden's forces at the Battle of the Burning Plains. At that battle, she also declares Eragon her successor as leader to the Varden in case of her death. She was saved by Elva, the child that Eragon accidentally cursed from death, since one of Galbatorix's Black Hand tried to assassinate her with an arrow. In "Brisingr", Nasuada leads the Varden to capture the city of Feinster from the Empire. She informs Eragon that the Varden plan to march to Belatona, then to Dras-Leona, and finally to Urû'baen, where they plan to kill Galbatorix (though they don't know how they will do this). She also reveals how much she cares for the Varden by taking part in a ritual against Fadawar leader of one of the "Wandering Tribes" called "The Trial of the Long Knives", wherein a contestant cuts his or her own arms until one of the two surrenders, which she wins, cutting herself nine times (six on one arm and three on the other.) more than any other contestant in the trial of the Long Knives has endured before.
In "Inheritance", she is captured by Murtagh and taken to Urû'baen where she is tortured by Galbatorix into swearing loyalty to him but she once again demonstrates her strong will by resisting him. It is largely due to the help of Murtagh who becomes a companion of sorts to her when she is imprisoned and helps her to withstand some of the pains that she endures. Over the course of their interactions, the two fall in love and this is enough for Murtagh to change his true name and escape Galbatorix's bonds.
After Galbatorix's death, she becomes High Queen of the humans and ruler of the Empire.
Nasuada was played by Caroline Chikezie in the film version of "Eragon".
Roran.
Roran, known by the surnames Garrowsson and Stronghammer, is Garrow's son and Eragon's cousin, and also Murtagh's cousin (Nasuada remarks that most of her time she is busy with things concerning their family whether it's Roran, Eragon or Murtagh). Roran grew up in Carvahall with Eragon. He is married to Katrina by the end of "Brisingr". Early in "Eragon", he leaves Carvahall to work as a miller's assistant in the neighboring town of Therinsford.
Roran plays a more prominent part in "Eldest", when the Ra'zac return to Carvahall, intending to take Roran captive and destroy the village. He and his allies are able to kill half of the Ra'zac's human soldiers and build modest fortifications around the village before the Ra'zac capture Katrina through her father Sloan's betrayal of them. Roran then leads the people of Carvahall to Surda. Roran and Eragon meet once more after the Battle of the Burning Plains.
In "Brisingr", Roran, Eragon, and Saphira rescue Katrina. Shortly after, Katrina finds that she is pregnant by Roran, and they are married. Roran later joins a company of the Varden's soldiers. At first, he is refused command because he is untested when fighting beside strangers. Roran ends up defying his commander's plan, saving most of his unit and killing 193 men by himself. For his defiance, he is whipped fifty times for insubordination, although it is recognized that he made the correct decision. He develops a friendship with the magician who rides with his company in all three of Roran's missions, a man by the name of Carn. Though said to be weak as a spell caster, Carn is capable of devising very clever spells.
Later, Nasuada gives Roran his own command of 80 men and 80 Urgals, whose respect he earns by defeating an Urgal, named Yarbog, in unarmed combat. She also reveals that, perhaps as a consequence of Roran's most recent mission, the commander of said mission, a man by the name of Edric, has been stripped of his rank as a captain. Also, near the end of the book he was charging into the battle with Yarbog and later Eragon tells him that Brom is his father, not Morzan, as he originally thought.
In "Inheritance", Roran fights with the Varden until they defeat the Empire. He commands the attack on Aroughs that ends in the Varden capturing the city, and during the battle at Uru'baen kills Lord Barst, commander of Galbatorix's troops. Afterwards, Nasuada gives Roran the title of earl and gives him Palancar Valley. Katrina gives birth to a girl, who they name "Ismira" after Katrina's mother. 
Roran was played by Chris Egan in the film "Eragon".
Murtagh.
Murtagh is the secondary antagonist of the series. He is the son of Morzan and Selena, and half-brother of Eragon. In "Eldest", Murtagh is kidnapped by the Twins who secretly serve Galbatorix. He is taken to Urû'baen where he is tortured for a time before the red dragon Thorn hatches for him. He tells Nasuada in "Inheritance" that Thorn was "his downfall", as he could not withstand Galbatorix's attack on his dragon. Galbatorix manages to learn Murtagh and Thorn's true names, and forces them to swear fealty to him. 
At the age of three, Murtagh's father Morzan hurled his sword "Zar'roc" at Murtagh during one of his drunken rages, leaving a large scar on Murtagh's back. Murtagh was brought up in a Morzan's castle, and his birth was kept secret to everyone apart from Galbatorix. At his eighteenth birthday, Murtagh is summoned by Galbatorix to serve him in a bid to create a magnificent Alagaësia of great artists, warriors and philosophers. Galbatorix talked Murtagh into pledging his allegiance. Yet when Galbatorix sends Murtagh to slay several people around an area captured by the Varden, Murtagh manages to escape from Urû'baen along with his faithful servant "Tornac" who died while trying to escape with Murtagh. He doesn't follow Galbatorix's orders, as Galbatorix asks Murtagh to kill everyone in that area and Murtagh suspects that all may not be traitors. On the run from the empire, Murtagh rescues Eragon, Saphira and Brom from the clutches of the Ra'zac.
After Brom's death Murtagh accompanies them in their bid to locate the Varden, though he states that he himself wouldn't go. On their way he again rescues Eragon with the help of Saphira from Gil'ead after Eragon is captured in as prisoner. After crossing the Hadarac desert and traveling along the Beor mountains, he is forced to go to the Varden, as a Kull army is on the trail of Eragon and the rest of the company (which now includes the elf Arya, whom Eragon rescued from Gil'ead). There he refuses to let anyone examine his mind and thus for sometime he is kept under lock and key. Later Murtagh is allowed to fight in the battle of Farthen Dûr when Ajihad grants his consent. The twins kidnapping of him leads to him becoming a Rider and slaying Hrothgar, king of the dwarves. He and Thorn defeat Eragon and Saphira on the battle of Burning Plains, though Murtagh lets them go due to their past friendship and their blood ties. He takes away Zar'roc, Morzan's red sword. In "Brisingr", Eragon and Saphira manage to best Murtagh and Thorn with the help of elven spell casters. Eragon also informs Murtagh that he and Thorn can break free of Galbatorix's bonds by changing their true names which gives him hope. In the near end of "Brisingr", Galbatorix takes over Murtagh's body, slaying the elven rider Oromis and the dragon Glaedr. In "Inheritance", Murtagh and Thorn are defeated by Eragon when the Varden captures Dras Leona though later Murtagh and Thorn return and capture Nasuada. When Eragon and the rest of his company seek to slay Galbatorix in his throne room, they are initially over powered. Murtagh is made to spar with Eragon in Galbatorix's throne room for the king's entertainment. There Eragon defeats him by stabbing him through the belly. It is Murtagh who strips Galbatorix of his wards by saying the name of the ancient language, thereby making him vulnerable to Eragon's attacks. An enraged Galbatorix renders him unconscious. Later, after Eragon slays Galbatorix, Murtagh and Thorn move towards the North attempting to recover from the torture Galbatorix bestowed on them. Murtagh leaves the Eldunarí he had in his possession with Eragon. The two part as brothers.
Murtagh befriends Nasuada during her imprisonment by Galbatorix, revealing that he still has some loyalty to the Varden. Though Galbatorix forces Murtagh to torture Nasuada when she is uncooperative, Murtagh repeatedly returns to heal her at great personal risk. He also warns her of Galbatorix's mental attacks, and formed a plan to help her escape which was interrupted by Eragon and Saphira's arrival at Urû'baen. His departure to the North causes Nasuada great pain, and he implores Eragon to look after her.
Murtagh was played by Garrett Hedlund in the film.
Thorn.
Thorn is the red male dragon bound to Murtagh.
When Murtagh is captured by the Empire, at the beginning of "Eldest", one of the two remaining dragon eggs hatches for him. It is unclear who names the dragon, Galbatorix or Murtagh, but he is named Thorn. Immediately following that, Galbatorix makes Thorn and Murtagh his slaves through the use of their true names. Although he is much younger than Saphira, Thorn is able to effectively fight her, due to accelerated bodily growth through Galbatorix's magic, and the extra energy that the Eldunarí give him. Although Galbatorix has complete control over Thorn and Murtagh he is not able to control their every action through his commands (i.e. when Murthagh and Thorn defeat Eragon and Saphira but do not capture them as Galbatorix would have wanted). 
During the Battle of Gil'ead in "Brisingr", Galbatorix takes control of Murtagh and Thorn and uses them to kill Oromis and Glaedr.
Three feet of Thorn's tail was bitten off by Glaedr in the fight, and it is not known if the damage was repaired with magic after the battle.
In "Inheritance", Thorn and Murtagh watch over Dras Leona, awaiting the Varden's siege. Later on, Thorn helps Saphira defeat Galbatorix's dragon, Shruikan. Murtagh and Thorn head for the north afterwards.
Orik.
Orik is a dwarf, a member of the clan "Dûrgrimst Ingeitum", and the adopted heir and nephew of King Hrothgar (his parents "died of the pox" when he was "young"). He is a smith, a warrior, and a guide to Eragon and Saphira. Orik is first encountered when Eragon, Murtagh, Saphira, and the gravely injured Arya come to Farthen Dûr, seeking the aid of the Varden. Orik later persuades the Twins to allow Murtagh to stay with the Varden. Throughout the first book, he develops a friendship with Eragon that continues into the next books. After Hrothgar dies, in Brisingr, he becomes the new king of the dwarves. He loves alcohol and a good fight, just like all dwarves, and is a loyal friend to Eragon. He even goes with Eragon to his initial journey to the elven capital, Ellesmera. In Brisingr, Orik is elected king of the dwarves. He is also stated that in his youth he was sent to chisel out the petrified trees in the Beor Mountains by Hrothgar as punishment, only to leave and be convinced by a group of dwarves to kill a Nagra (a giant mountain boar). When attacking the Nagra, he suffered a severe wound, though he succeeded in killing the Nagra and sent it to Hrothgar as a gift. He was supreme commander of the dwarves during the latter stages of the Rider War.
Characters associated with the Varden.
Ajihad.
Ajihad is the leader of the Varden and Nasuada's father. He is in power for around fifteen years, leading the Varden to victory in many battles. He lives in Tronjheim in the Beor Mountains, depending on the dwarves who assist them in their fight against Galbatorix. Shortly after the Battle of Farthen Dûr, at the beginning of "Eldest", he is killed by Urgals. He is betrayed by his personal guards, the Twins, who recruited the Urgals to slay him. Around his body lay five Urgals slain by him. He is buried in a stone tomb under Farthen Dûr. His daughter, Nasuada, succeeds him as leader of the Varden. It is revealed in "Inheritance" that he was once a servant in the house of one of the nobles of Urû'baen.
Ajihad was played by Djimon Hounsou in the film version of "Eragon".
King Orrin.
Orrin is the King of Surda. He is an enthusiastic, if unsystematic scientist whose interest is mostly in the conduction of curious experiments. Nasuada has often considered asking him to marry her for political reasons, but has never been able to work up the courage (because she doesn't have any romantic feelings toward him). In Eragon, he secretly supports the Varden, and he allows them to move to his country in Eldest when the resources of Farthen Dûr become scarce. In the Battle of the Burning Plains, the Varden and Surda become openly allied against Galbatorix and the Surdan cavalry are a crucial part of the Varden's victory. In Brisingr, Surda continues to be allied with the Varden as they push deeper into the Empire. In Inheritance, Orrin argues with Nasuada, telling her she must break the Varden's alliance with the Urgals, because people of the Empire hate Urgals as monsters and see the Varden's alliance with the Urgals as proof they are dangerous traitors to the king. Later his behaviour becomes more erratic as they approach the capital, turning to drink and arguing with several other characters including Eragon, Roran and Jormundr about how they can possibly defeat Galbatorix. After the king's death, he wishes to take the throne of Alagaesia, as does Nasuada, and during the resulting argument he states the Surdans risked everything in the war and his taking the throne is the only way they will be compensated for their losses. He even threatens to turn against the Varden, but the other races (elves, dwarves and Urgals) state an attack on the Varden will be considered as an attack on them, and force him to back down. Instead, Nasuada agrees to give Surda large amounts of land in recognition of the Surdans' part in the war, and allows Surda to retain its independence except for adhering to her proposed laws limiting magic users. In return, King Orrin swears allegiance to Nasuada as High Queen of Alagaesia.
Elva.
Elva is an orphaned baby who, in the first book of the Inheritance Cycle, Eragon attempts to bless, but accidentally curses. (Eragon intends to say 'May you be "shielded" from misfortune', but accidentally says 'May you be "a shield" from misfortune'.) As a result, Elva is compelled to protect other people from misfortune at the cost of her own peace of mind. Due to the curse, Elva has to increase her size to better protect those around her. At the end of "Brisingr" she is less than two years old, but her body is said to be at the development of around six years old, and her mind has developed adult faculties. Her abilities develop until she is able to anticipate events in detail two to three hours in advance. However, she struggles before fights, due to the amount of pain and suffering about to take place. In "Eldest", she is taken on as Nasuada's bodyguard after anticipating an attempted assassination.
In "Brisingr", Elva continues to advise Nasuada. This, and Elva's loyalty to the Varden, are terminated when Eragon, attempting to remove the spell he placed on her, instead modifies it to the extent that although she is aware of others' suffering, she is able to ignore it without being compelled to save them and suffering pain if she fails to do so. He also unintentionally allows Elva to turn off her conscience, which she uses against him. She remains with the Varden, under the care of Angela, who has rendered herself immune to Elva's powers by a spell. In "Inheritance" Nasuada asks her to help the Varden again using her abilities, but she refuses. After Wyrden's death at Dras-Leona, Eragon confronts her, stating that if Elva had been with them to sense the harm about to befall someone, Wyrden would not have died. He also tells her that she could shorten the war by helping the Varden, and this would end her suffering, as the intense pain that she currently senses from each battle that takes place is too much for her to ignore, even though she is no longer compelled to act. Because of this, she helps Eragon during the attack on Uru'baen, anticipating the traps in the hallway leading to Galbatorix's room, although the elven spellcasters are captured by a trap that she cannot sense as it does them no harm. When they confront Galbatorix, the king silences her with a spell to prevent her saying anything that will play on his fears. However, she still helps Eragon, as just before the king incinerates himself in a nuclear explosion the anticipated pain causes Elva to scream and faint, and Eragon immediately casts a spell to protect everyone else in that room from whatever is about to harm them. After the war is over, Elva lives with Nasuada. Eragon offers to remove the spell on her entirely using his new knowledge of the name of the ancient language, but she refuses, as the spell is now an important part of who she is, and with the war over the pain she senses has diminished greatly, ending her suffering.
The Twins.
The Twins were powerful human magicians who claimed to support the Varden. Little about them is revealed; their names are unknown and are called 'the Twins' throughout, as they are identical twins. They are responsible for mentally probing all who come to Tronjheim. They show animosity towards Eragon as he essentially thwarts their plans to learn more of the ancient language from him.
Early on in "Eldest", an Urgal party attacks the unprepared Varden, killing Ajihad and kidnapping the Twins and Murtagh. Oromis reveals that the Twins had turned traitor before the Battle of Farthen Dûr. They had intentionally failed to protect Eragon during the battle so that Durza could capture him. It is learned that the Twins had masterminded the Urgal attack, having taken control of a group of Urgals with the intent of killing Ajihad and capturing Murtagh. They take Murtagh to Urû'baen, where he is forced to swear loyalty to Galbatorix. They then fight with the Empire in the Battle of the Burning Plains, but are killed by Roran when he brings a hammer down on their skulls.
Trianna.
Trianna is one of the few magic users that serve the Varden and is also a sorceress. After the disappearance of the Twins in "Eldest", Trianna leads Du Vrangr Gata, a group of magicians. Trianna is put in charge of Nasuada's plan to use the making of lace to finance the Varden's war efforts. She leads the magicians in the Battle of the Burning Plains. Eragon and Trianna carry shared authority over the Varden's magicians in the events of "Brisingr".
Trianna is proud and does not share her power easily. It takes much persuasion on Eragon's part to get her to allow him to lead Du Vrangr Gata.
Jörmundur.
Jörmundur is second-in-command of the Varden troops. He commands a battalion in the Battle of Farthen Dûr. His skill and wisdom in battle make him valued by the Varden. He is also a member of the Varden's Council of Elders. The Varden's leader, Ajihad, appointed him second in command (military wise). In "Eldest", he is the only member of the Council of Elders who does not try to control Nasuada politically. Before the Battle of the Burning Plains, when Nasuada tells Eragon that he will be her successor, she tells him to trust in Jörmundur's advice.
Angela.
Angela is a fortune teller, herbalist, witch, and a friend of Eragon's. Her character is loosely based on Paolini's sister. She is accompanied by a werecat named Solembum. She makes most of her living by fortune-telling for the richer people of Teirm and selling potions. She tells Eragon that he will fall in love with someone of noble birth-but cannot tell whether happiness or tragedy will result, that someone in his family will betray him, that someone close to him shall die, and that he will someday depart and never again set foot on Alagaësia. At the end of "Brisingr", only the final prophecy has yet to happen. However, this prophecy is fulfilled at the end of "Inheritance" when Eragon has to leave to find a place to train the future Dragon Riders to the east.
In "Eragon", Angela later appear in Tronjheim, where she has taken up residence and where her skill outstrips that of all other local magic users, with the exceptions of Eragon and Arya (though the full extent of her powers remain unknown). She fights with the Varden in the battle of Farthen Dûr. Angela heals most of Eragon's injuries after the Battle under Farthen Dûr, though is unable to completely heal the wound on his back from Durza. During "Eldest", she watches over Elva as the child's powers develop. During the Battle of Burning Plains, she poisons the enemy army's food and water supply, in order to give the Varden any advantage against Galbatorix's larger forces. Angela wields a dwarven hûthvír (a staff with a blade extending from both ends) in battle, an action that many dwarves consider blasphemy because only the dwarven-priests of Dûrgrimst Quan are allowed to wield them. Angela is said to have won the hûthvír from a member of Dûrgrimst Quan in a game of riddles.
In "Brisingr", it is revealed Angela learned her skills from a man named Tenga, an eccentric mystic now living alone, whom Eragon has a brief encounter with early in the novel. She is implied to be much older than can be deduced from her appearance and behavior and Oromis also mentions someone of a similar description to her who once visited the elves. In "Inheritance" it is shown that she is close friends with the Urgals, and that Grimrr Halfpaw, king of the werecats, hates her because she once cast a spell that made him chirp like a songbird as revenge for him torturing a small bird. Later in the book, at the siege of Dras-Leona, she and Solembum accompany Eragon, Arya and Wyrden when they try to infiltrate the city via the catacombs. After Eragon and Arya are captured and face being fed to the newly hatched Ra'zac, she and Solembum rescue them.
When King Galbatorix explains to Nasuada about the Hall of the Soothsayer, the hall where she is imprisoned, his description of who the soothsayer once was could provide a description of Angela. Angela is hinted to be older than she looks several times in the series and, especially in Inheritance, often seems to know information that was never told to her. Eragon resolves to ask her more about her history when the war is over, but gets few answers out of her.
Angela is portrayed by Joss Stone in the film Eragon.
Solembum.
Solembum is a werecat who spends his time with Angela. In "Eragon", during the visit to Teirm, he tells Eragon "When the time comes and you need a weapon, look under the roots of the Menoa tree. Then, when all seems lost and your power is insufficient, go to the rock of Kuthian and speak your name to open the Vault of Souls". Solembum has only ever spoken to two other people that entered Angela's shop, a blind beggar and Eragon's mother, Selena. Solembum has red (sometimes blue or yellow) eyes and his ears are tipped with black tufts. He can also change his form to that of a young human boy. Later in the book, he fights alongside Angela in the Battle under Farthen Dur. In the final book, "Inheritance", Eragon asks Solembum what the second part of the advice means, but Solembum is unable to answer. He explains that not long after the Fall of the Riders, a compulsion came upon each member of the werecat race to tell those two sentences to any new Rider they found outside Galbatorix's control, even though no werecat can remember being told this information. Solembum then has a strange seizure where he speaks, directing Eragon to a passage of the book Domia abr Wyrda, which tells Eragon where to find the Rock of Kuthian on the island of Vroengard. At the Rock, they discover the Vault of Souls and it is revealed the knowledge was given to Solembum and the other werecats by the Eldunari inside so the new Rider would be able to come and enlist their help in fighting Galbatorix.
Jeod Longshanks.
Jeod Longshanks is a wealthy merchant and scholar of Teirm and a good friend of Brom's. He is an agent of the Varden, whom he supported with his business until he was exposed to the Empire, causing him to suffer heavy losses. He and Brom stole Saphira's egg from the Empire.
Despite his misfortune, he aids Eragon and Brom in finding out the location of the Ra'zac. In "Eldest", Jeod meets Roran and offers him assistance. Jeod, his wife Helen, and Roran escape Teirm on a pirated ship, taking the villagers of Carvahall to Surda. He remains there and among the Varden thereafter, seeking to support the Varden and maintain his strained relationship to Helen.
At the near end of Inheritance, Jeod reveals to Eragon that he belongs to an order founded by Heslant the Monk − who wrote "Domia abr Wyrda" − attempting to preserve knowledge in Alagaësia. He promises Eragon that Eragon's story will never be forgotten as he and his order will preserve it.
Carn.
Carn is a spell caster who serves with Roran throughout the missions in "Brisingr" and remains a close friend of his. Not thought to be a particularly strong magician, he compensates by inventing extraordinarily clever spells and excelling at worming his way into his opponents' minds. Carn is killed in a Wizard's Duel in "Inheritance" by an enemy magician, although he kills his opponent as well by sucking moisture out of his body.
Martland Redbeard.
Martland Redbeard is Roran's commander during his first mission into the Empire when they ambush a caravan and is admired by his men as a tactical genius who saved his servants and others in his house from Galbatorix's men. By this time it can be assumed as he is getting old as his famed red beard is going grey. Towards the end of the second fight Martland's hand is cut off by a soldier who was pretending to be dead. Carn offers to heal it, but Martland orders him to help others who are more badly wounded. It is evidently then too late to reattach his hand, and he is removed from active duty and given a position as a battle advisor to Nasuada.
Edric.
Edric is the commander of one of Roran's missions with the Varden. Edric and Roran are sent to fight off a group of soldiers attacking Surda while the army is away. Edric is described as being a competent commander but one who dislikes straying from a set course. This is described by Roran as a style that undermines creativity. Edric's right hand man is Sand, who is killed in a disastrous battle that Roran is forced to save at the cost of fifty lashes for disobedience. After this mission, Edric is stripped of rank.
Brigman.
Captain Brigman is a varden officer who was sent by Nasuada to conquer the city of Aroughs. After an extended siege, Nasuada, wanting to conquer the city quickly, sent Roran to replace him as commander. Brigman was frequently at odds with Roran, considering his strategies to be mad, and came near to insubordination. This caused Roran to strip him of rank and confine him to his tent. After Roran is injured by an arrow, Brigman saves him by cutting the arrow out, and takes control while Roran recovers. In gratitude, Roran appoints Brigman as commander of Aroughs.
Irwin.
Irwin is the Prime Minister of Surda. While it is unclear what role the Prime Minister plays in Surda's government, he is quite influential in Orrin's government and has opposed the Varden on numerous occasions in an attempt to express Surda's dominance over them. While King Orrin has dismissed his council on numerous occasions, Irwin is still in a position of power relative to Orrin, just as the Council of Elders are in a position of power compared to Nasuada.
Fredric.
Fredric is the Varden's main weapon master and an accomplished fighter as well. He aids Eragon in finding a new sword, a falchion, but Eragon eventually destroys it by accident and ends up with Brisingr. Fredric holds a position of authority amongst the Varden and has survived both the fighting at Tronjheim and the Battle of the Burning Plains. He routinely wears a suit of ox hide armor, which Eragon has often stated as having a pungent odor, and wields a massive two-handed sword, which is over five feet long. Fredric is not to be confused with Falberd, who is a member of the Council of Elders.
Galbatorix's followers.
Shruikan.
Shruikan is Galbatorix's black dragon. At the start of the series, he is believed to be the only dragon left alive. After being denied a new dragon after his was killed by Urgals, Galbatorix stole another Rider's dragon, killed the Rider, then used a dark ritual in an attempt to recreate the bond forged by elves and dragons and force Shruikan to serve him. Shruikan was spared from the Banishing of the Names because he did not choose to help Galbatorix, but was forced to.
Shruikan has gone mad from being "bonded" to Galbatorix, it is commented that at this point it would be far more humane to simply kill Shruikan due to this madness. In the final battle of " Inheritance, " he is killed by Arya who throws the Dauthdaert - one of twelve special spears designed to kill dragons - which enters and cuts through one of his blue eyes.
The Forsworn.
The Forsworn were a group of 13 corrupt Dragon Riders and dragons who joined Galbatorix during "The Fall". When the dragons learned that thirteen of their kind had willingly joined Galbatorix and were helping to exterminate the rest of their race, every dragon not of the Forsworn banded together and, through their strange magic, caused their names to be exterminated, an event known as The Banishing of the Names. No one in common language or in the ancient tongue can say or think their names. After their names were stripped away, the dragons could not even say "I like..." or "I am..." because that would be describing themselves. The result of this was that the Forsworn's dragons devolved into barely sentient beasts, driving many of their Riders insane in the process. They spared Shruikan because he didn't have a choice in his servitude, as well as Galbatorix's first dragon, Jarnunvösk, because she was killed by Urgals before Galbatorix's descent into madness, and was not involved in the betrayal. Morzan was the first Rider to defect, and the last to be killed. The Forsworn were mostly killed by the Varden, although others are known to have committed suicide and overused magic and died. Brom is known to have killed three of the Forsworn, including Morzan, personally, and orchestrated the deaths of five others. Currently only five Forsworn are known; Kialandí, Formora, Glaerun, Morzan and Enduriel.
Morzan.
Morzan was a Dragon Rider, long dead by the start of "Eragon". He was described as "strong of body, but weak of mind" by Brom.
Morzan was convinced by Galbatorix to betray the other Riders and swear fealty to Galbatorix, becoming the first of the thirteen Forsworn. He helped Galbatorix to get a new dragon, Shruikan, by leaving a door open in the Dragon Riders' Headquarters. For many years Morzan served Galbatorix, during which he met Selena, who fell in love with him. Selena gave birth to their son Murtagh, who grew up in his father's estate. Morzan showed no compassion toward his son; Murtagh was nearly killed at the age of three when Morzan threw his sword at him in a drunken rage. Fearing that similar misfortunes may occur to her second child, Eragon, whose father is actually not Morzan but Brom, Selena gives birth to him in Carvahall and entrusts him to her brother Garrow, keeping Eragon's existence a secret from Morzan.
Though initially idolizing him, Brom becomes enraged at Morzan's betrayal and holds him responsible for the death of his own dragon, Saphira. Morzan is killed by Brom when hunting for the dragon egg stolen by Brom and Jeod.
At the end of "Eldest", Murtagh claims that Morzan is Eragon's father; however in "Brisingr", Saphira shows Eragon a memory that Brom gave her, proving that he is Eragon's father.
Kialandí.
Kialandí was a Dragon Rider, long dead by the start of "Eragon". Nothing has been mentioned about his looks or personality.
Kialandí was a Dragon Rider who joined Galbatorix and became one of the Forsworn. His early history is unknown. A purple dragon hatched for him when he was young, and he joined the Dragon Riders. At some point, he joined Galbatorix in his quest to destroy the Dragon Riders and conquer Alagaësia. During the campaign, Kialandí and Formora set a trap and magically ensnared Glaedr and Oromis. Kialandí then cast a spell to prevent Oromis from using magic, which only partially worked as in that instant Oromis magically broke his bonds. The effort caused Oromis to have his first seizure, and Glaedr fought to protect Oromis, almost killing Kialandí by throwing him and impaling him on his own dragon's spikes. Later, Kialandí joined the other Forsworn in attacking the city of Ilirea. There, he fought the Dragon Rider Arva and killed him.
Formora.
Formora was an elven Dragon Rider, long dead by the start of "Eragon". Little is known about her.
Formora was a member of the Thirteen Forsworn. She was a female elf, who had a brown dragon hatch for her. She joined the Dragon Riders, and at some point, betrayed them and joined Galbatorix and the Forsworn. Near the start of the campaign, Formora and Kialandí captured Oromis and Glaedr. As they broke free and Glaedr tried to fly away carrying Oromis in his paw. Formora tried to kill Oromis by stabbing at him. Glaedr twisted to avoid her, and instead she cut off Glaedr's left leg. Oromis and Glaedr escaped to the elf forest Du Weldenvarden. Formora eventually died of unknown circumstances.
Glaerun.
Glaerun was a Dragon Rider and one of the Forsworn. He died during a nuclear-like explosion caused by the elven Rider, Thuviel sacrificing himself at Doru Areba when the battle was lost. The race of Glaerun has never been mentioned nor his dragon.
Enduriel.
Enduriel was a Dragon Rider and one of the Forsworn. It's implied that Enduriel died after the event of the destruction of Ilirea and Vroengard. He may have been killed by Brom or by the Varden, planned by Brom. It is revealed that Enduriel employed Ajihad as a servant in his estate when Ajihad was young, presumably as a spy of the Varden. Galbatorix described him as "a permissive one and his dragon is more cunning than him". The race of Enduriel never been mentioned.
The Ra'zac.
The Ra'zac are extremely powerful beings of indeterminate origins who work for Galbatorix: in exchange for a supply of human flesh. In the second book, Oromis states they arrived in Alagaesia from the land the humans had migrated from, and that the Riders tried but failed to exterminate them. Similar to insects, the Ra'zac have a three staged life: first as eggs, then as humanoid youngsters and finally, after the first full moon of their twentieth year, they shed their skin and become huge beasts called the Lethrblaka. This final stage is about 7 or 8 meters long including the tail, is dark grey in coloration, with a long beak, leathery skin, and two pteranodon like wings as well as two clawed bird like feet. The Ra’zac are social and intelligent, seen hunting in coordinated efforts to surround prey. The Ra’zac are capable of communicating complex information to each other through a series of clicks made with their beaks, and can also speak human languages, though their speech is hoarse and brief. Whether the adult form is also able to speak is unclear. The intermediate stage mimics the human form so as to be able to prey upon humans. Lethrblaka are predators of all other creatures. The Ra’zac are stronger than humans, can jump far, and their life force cannot be sensed by magic users. Their breath is stated to fog the mind of humans, and they conceal themselves in cloaks to better approach their prey. Ra’zac cannot directly use magic, dislike bright lights and are afraid of water as they cannot swim. They possess weapons including daggers, swords, bows and poisons and live in a magically concealed lair within the rock formation Helgrind, by the city of Dras-Leona.
In the first book, "Eragon", the two "youngster" Ra’zac arrive at Carvahall to search for Saphira's egg, and after getting information from Sloan attack Eragon's home, torturing Garrow and destroying the house. After Garrow dies, Eragon pursues the Ra'zac to take revenge, but when Eragon and Brom locate them in Dras-Leona they are ambushed and Brom is mortally wounded protecting Eragon. Murtagh drives the Ra'zac away. In the second book, Eldest, the Ra'zac return to Carvahall with a group of soldiers with orders from Galbatorix to capture Roran and torture him for information about Eragon. They devour all the meat from a human corpse and threaten to enslave the villagers. After more villagers die and Katrina and Sloan are kidnapped by the Ra'zac, Roran and the remaining villagers flee and join the Varden. in the third book, Brisingr, Eragon, Roran and Saphira travel to Helgrind to rescue Katrina and destroy the Ra'zac and the Lethrblaka. The last Ra'zac tries to trade information with Eragon, concerning Galbatorix, in exchange for its life; it said that Galbatorix had almost found ""the name"", but refused to give further information when pressed. In the next book, "Inheritance", it is revealed ""the name"" that Galbatorix has found is the name of all names, the name of the ancient language also known as ""the Word"". In Inheritance, it is also revealed that the priests of Helgrind worship the Ra'zac, and when Eragon and Arya are captured while trying to infiltrate the city, two eggs are brought out and hatched so they can feed on Eragon and Arya. They are rescued by Angela and the Ra'zac and the priesthood are destroyed. Later it is claimed by Galbatorix that even more Ra'zac eggs exist, but Eragon is not able to verify this claim.
Lord Barst.
Lord Barst was a general who was known for his power in battle, said to be just as ruthless as Galbatorix. In "Inheritance" he leads the Empire's forces at Urû'baen during the final battle, wielding a deadly mace. He had an Eldunarí under his armor, which gave him very strong magical wards. He caused massive casualties to the Varden including killing Queen Islanzadí.
During battle, after the death of Queen Islanzadí, Roran developed a strategy that included catapults and scores of warriors to bombard Lord Barst's wards in order to slow him down. Roran eventually defeated him after shattering the Eldunarí he carried. Shattering the Eldunarí resulted in the energy stored witihin it to be released. Barst's body is destroyed by the resulting explosion.
Durza.
Durza is a Shade, a sorcerer possessed by the spirits he summoned. He is the secondary antagonist in "Eragon". He was initially an orphaned desert nomad named Carsaib, who was discovered by a sorcerer and became his apprentice. When the sorcerer was killed by raiders, Carsaib summoned spirits to aid in his revenge. These spirits were too powerful for Carsaib and possessed him, causing him to become Durza. A Shade, Durza has powerful magic outstripping that of a young Rider, in addition to superhuman strength and finesse in combat. Durza is described as evil incarnate, having red hair, red eyes, pale skin and sharp teeth.
At the beginning of "Eragon", Durza was given the task of retrieving Saphira's egg. He captured Arya, but she teleported the egg away from Durza. Though he tortured her almost to the point of death, she would not reveal anything about the elves, or the hiding place of the egg. Later, Urgals captured Eragon and Durza questions him in Gil'ead, though Eragon escapes with a dying Arya with some help from Murtagh. During the Battle of Farthen Dûr, Durza is killed by Eragon while Durza was being distracted by Arya and Saphira breaking through the Star Sapphire. Like all Shades, Durza could only be killed if stabbed in the heart. After his death, the Varden won the Battle of Farthen Dûr and Eragon is given the name "Shadeslayer".
Durza is portrayed by Robert Carlyle in the film adaptation.
Varaug.
Varaug is the Shade that is created by three magicians using the body of a soldier during the siege on the city of Feinster. However, the governess of Feinster realizes that the Shade can easily turn on her own people and asks Eragon and Arya to kill the spellcasters. Eragon and Arya kill two of the spellcasters, but they are distracted long enough for the third spellcaster to succeed, who is then killed by Varaug himself. Varaug proves to be a more powerful Shade than Durza, as for reasons unknown there appeared to be even more spirits trapped inside of him than inside of Durza. However, Eragon attacks Varaug's mind and distracts him long enough for Arya to stab the Shade in the heart, killing him. After Varaug's death, Eragon notes that Arya earned the name "Shadeslayer" as well, and in "Inheritance", Eragon referred to her as this name one time after Arya became a Dragon Rider herself with Fírnen.
Characters from Carvahall.
Garrow.
Garrow is Roran's father, Eragon and Murtagh's uncle and Selena's brother. He had a wife, Marian, but she is dead at the time the story is set. He lives on a farm, away from the rest of the village. After giving birth to Eragon, Selena left Eragon in the hands of Garrow and his wife, but gave them no explanation. Garrow raises Eragon alongside his own son Roran. He suggested Eragon sell the "stone" (actually Saphira's egg.) He is killed by the Ra'zac near the beginning of the first book, dying of a rare poison called Seithr Oil that causes very severe burns and an unbreakable fever. He is not mentioned much in the rest of the cycle, except when Eragon discovers (falsely) that Morzan is his father, and he rationalizes this away with the reasoning that Garrow, who raised him, is his real father. Garrow is finally avenged in Brisingr when the Ra'zac and their parents are killed by Eragon, with the aid of Roran and Saphira. Eragon also shatters a vial of the Seithr Oil.
Sloan.
Sloan is Carvahall's butcher and Katrina's father. Sloan dotes upon his daughter and is highly possessive of her.
In "Eragon" he tells the Ra'zac that Eragon found, and brought home Saphira's egg, which kills Eragon's uncle Garrow, and it ends up destroying Eragon's farm.
In "Eldest", when Carvahall comes under attack, Sloan initially defends Carvahall; however, he later betrays the villagers and is captured, along with Katrina, by the Ra'zac. He also kills one of the people, a watchman named Byrd.
In "Brisingr", Eragon discovers Sloan in a cell in Helgrind, horribly wounded (the Ra'zac pecked out his eyes) and alone. Wishing to keep Sloan safe, Eragon lies to Roran and Katrina, saying that Sloan's neck is broken and he is dead. He discovers Sloan's true name and thereby forces him to enter Du Weldenvarden, where his damaged personality and ruined eyesight may be healed. Eragon punishes Sloan by banning him from seeing Katrina again. Sloan is shown in Du Weldenvarden in a later chapter, but does not manifest many signs of healing or repentance. Eragon tries to communicate with him, but fails.
In "Inheritance", Sloan is outraged when Eragon, who forgets that Sloan was there, brings Katrina and Roran to Du Weldenvarden. Realizing his mistake, Eragon heals Sloan's sight, who immediately takes in the fascinating surroundings, and sees Katrina, who is happy. Though he still cannot talk to her, Sloan is less upset now that he can see his daughter.
Katrina.
Katrina is the daughter of Sloan and Ismira. When she got engaged to Roran without her father's blessing, Sloan was so enraged he tried to strike at Roran and denied Katrina of her mother's inheritance and his dowry. When Garrow died, Eragon overheard that she had wished to call him father someday. Eragon was upset by this because she could not even call him that.
When Carvahall is under siege, the Ra'zac infiltrate the village and capture Katrina and Sloan. Although Roran and his friends try to follow, the Ra'zac escape on the Lethrblaka. It is later revealed that Katrina is held captive in Helgrind. Katrina is rescued by Roran and Eragon from Helgrind in "Brisingr". Shortly afterwards, she and Roran get married, at which time Katrina is already pregnant with Roran's child. She tells Roran that if the war is not over once the child is born, she will leave for Dauth or Aberon for the sake of their child.
Eragon describes her as "strong willed", but when they found her cell at Helgrind, she broke down for fear of being blind. She loves Roran with all her heart, as well as their daughter, Ismira.
Horst.
Horst is the blacksmith of Carvahall. Roran leaves his house and moves in with Horst in "Eragon". He lives there until the migration of the villagers of Carvahall in "Eldest". He travels with the other villagers to Surda, where he joins the Varden as a metalworker. Horst is the husband of Elain and the father of Baldor, Albriech and Hope. He helped Roran and Eragon throughout the series and before the narration begins, acting as a second father.
Selena.
Selena was the mother of Eragon and Murtagh, the consort of Morzan, and the sister of Garrow and aunt to Roran. She was also known to many people as The Black Hand. Selena fell in love with Morzan, who trained her in magic and other warrior arts. He later turned her into his spy and assassin, serving under Galbatorix. She gave birth to Murtagh, and kept his existence a secret from all but Morzan and Galbatorix, however, Morzan showed no compassion toward their son. She eventually met Brom and shortly after began an extramarital affair with him. When Murtagh was nearly killed at the age of three by Morzan who threw his sword Zar'roc at him in a drunken rage, Selena discovers she was pregnant from Brom. She traveled to Carvahall where she gave birth to Eragon which she then entrusted to her brother Garrow and his wife before returning to Morzan. She died soon afterward, possibly from birth complications. She never revealed Eragon's existence to Morzan, hoping to shield Eragon from Morzan's wrath.
Birgit.
Birgit Mardasdaughter, the mother of Nolfavrell, is a young woman who assists Roran during the village's flight from the Empire to Surda. Her husband was Quimby, the village brewer, who was accidentally killed by Imperial soldiers when he tried to break up an argument in the village's tavern, then eaten by the Ra'zac. For this, Birgit accompanied and supported Roran in his quest for revenge against the Ra'zac, although she has promised to one day collect Roran's "debt" for the part she thinks he played in the death of her husband — since Roran was the reason the soldiers were in the tavern in the first place (Roran, as Eragon's cousin, was targeted by the Empire for capture and for leverage against Eragon as a hostage), she holds Roran partially responsible for his death. Near the end of "Inheritance" Birgit takes her "debt" from Roran; Katrina, who thinks Birgit is going to kill Roran, is much relieved when she only cuts him across the hand. When Eragon offers to heal Roran's wound he declines, saying that it was a scar he wished to keep.
Characters from Du Weldenvarden.
Oromis.
Oromis is Eragon's second teacher after Brom. He is an elf and the last remaining Dragon Rider of the old order. He is also known as "Osthato Chetowa, the "Mourning Sage" and "Togira Ikonoka, the Cripple Who is Whole". Although his age is never explicitly stated, it can be deduced from the events he has said to have witnessed that he is at least eight hundred years old. He lives with his gold-colored dragon, Glaedr, in Du Weldenvarden. Oromis is said to have been "crippled" when he was captured by the Forsworn, as Kialandi cast a spell to try and prevent him using magic and now he is only able to use the weakest of spells. He also suffers from a rare physical disorder as a result of escaping the magical bonds placed on him by the Forsworn, which the elves have no cure for and which caused him painful seizures, not unlike epilepsy. In "Eragon", Oromis contacts Eragon telepathically, mentally shielding him from the spirits imprisoned in Durza and advising him to go to the elves for further training. In "Eldest", Oromis and Glaedr are revealed to be hiding in Du Weldenvarden, unable to directly fight Galbatorix due to Oromis's seizures and Glaedr's missing leg. Oromis trains Eragon. In "Brisingr", Eragon and Saphira return and Oromis reveals Eragon's true father is Brom. Oromis decides to fight alongside the elves in battle, as he has taught Eragon all that might help him defeat Galbatorix and there will be no more Riders to train until the war is over. He and Glaedr fight Murtagh and Thorn who, unable to defeat the veterans, are put under Galbatorix's mind control. In this fashion, Galbatorix kills Oromis when he has a seizure and drops his sword Naegling, in which most of his spare energy for magic is stored and which contains his protective wards. Galbatorix then kills Glaedr, and although Glaedr lives on in his Eldunari, the shock of Oromis's death sends Glaedr into a deep depression for the first part of "Inheritance". Glaedr eventually recovers somewhat, and during the trip to Vroengard it is revealed that Oromis was one of the Riders who devised the Vault of Souls as a precaution against the dragons' extinction.
Lord Fiolr.
Lord Fiolr is Arya's friend and leader of Sílthrim. He is well trained in magic. It is implied that he fought at Ceunon and Gil'ead. He lives in the House of Valtharos. He is the owner of Támerlein, one of the last swords of the Dragon Riders that was his wife's brothers sword. Though he offers Eragon the sword when Eragon loses Zar'roc to Murtagh, it is implied that he does not really wish to give Eragon the sword. In Inheritance, he gives Támerlein to Arya after her Dragon hatches.
Glaedr.
Glaedr is the gold dragon bonded to Oromis. He is described as being at least three times as large as Saphira and a skilled fighter. After escaping from the clutches of the Forsworn, during which Glaedr had his left leg cut off by Formora, Glaedr and Oromis went into hiding in Du Weldenvarden to teach the first of the new generation of Riders. During "Eldest", he serves as Saphira's mentor, training her for battle, and helps teach Eragon about Dragon Riders. During this time, Saphira started to feel strongly towards him, but he did not return her affections. In "Brisingr", Eragon and Saphira return to Du Weldenvarden and Glaedr reveals that dragons do not have to die when their body does, but can live on in a gemlike object called an Eldunari. Galbatorix collected and enslaved hundreds of Eldunari during the Fall, and hence his magical and mental strength has been greatly increased by access to the dragons' knowledge and vast energy stores. Before Oromis and Glaedr leave to fight, Glaedr gives his Eldunari to Eragon so if they die, he can continue to teach them everything he and Oromis knew. During the elves' siege of Gil'ead, Glaedr and Oromis take on Murtagh and Thorn. As they seem to gain the upper hand, Galbatorix possesses Murtagh and Thorn, and uses them to kill first Oromis and then Glaedr. Glaedr's body dies, but his soul lives on in his Eldunari. In "Inheritance" Glaedr spends the first part of the book in a deep depression due to his grief at Oromis's death. He eventually recovers enough to continue teaching Eragon and Saphira and to assist them in battle, including their trip to the Vault of Souls and overthrowing Galbatorix. After the war is over, Glaedr volunteers to stay with the tortured and traumatized Eldunari that had been enslaved by Galbatorix for a hundred years, and help to heal them. He leaves Alagaesia with Eragon. He is on the front cover of Brisingr.
Fírnen.
Firnen was one of the eggs that was captured by Galbatorix. His egg was green, and he didn't hatch until Arya brought him to the Crags of Tael'neir when the war with the Empire had finished. He became the dragon of Arya. Firnen and Saphira mated, but Saphira had to leave Alagaesia, so he was sad. On cover of the final book
The Menoa Tree.
The Menoa Tree is one of the oldest and largest trees in Du Weldenvarden. The tree is impregnated with the spirit of the elf Linnëa, who imbued her consciousness into the tree by magically singing for three days, and has since watched over the forest. The tree is referenced by Solembum in his advice to Eragon in the first book. In "Eldest", Eragon experiences the change of the Agaeti Blödhren (Blood-Oath Celebration) under this tree. In "Brisingr", Saphira attacks the Menoa Tree and awakens her, so that Eragon can convince the tree to give them Brightsteel — an extraterrestrial metal necessary to forge a new Rider's sword — in return for any favor it wishes. The tree gives them the brightsteel, but withdraws its mind from Eragon before telling Eragon what it wants in return. In "Inheritance", Eragon asks The Menoa tree what it is she wanted and she just felt amused and said "Go" and withdrew from his mind before he could ask what she meant.
Queen Islanzadí.
Islanzadí is queen of the elves. She lives in the elven capital Ellesméra. She is the widow of the former king of the elves, Evandar, and the mother of Arya. Before the events of the Inheritance Cycle, Islanzadí was estranged from Arya when she agreed to ferry Saphira's egg and be the elves' ambassador to the Varden. Islanzadí withdraws her support from the Varden following Arya's capture in "Eragon". In "Eldest", she reconciles with Arya and the Varden when Arya returns to Du Weldenvarden with Eragon. She recognizes Aren, Brom's ring that Eragon was given, as a symbol of Elven friendship, and grants Eragon the same right to wear it. In "Brisingr", Islanzadí also leads the elves into battle at Ceunon and Gil'ead. Islanzadí is considered very protective of the trees within Du Weldenvarden, as the initial attack at Ceunon was provoked by the humans entering too far into the forest and cutting down ancient trees. When Eragon asks her for advice in what to do with Sloan, she is angry with him for having stayed in the Empire instead of just killing Sloan, showing that she could be merciless and overly logical (which is ironic, because, as an elf, she can't bring herself to kill animals or eat meat). This behavior irritates Eragon. She agrees to let Sloan enter Du Weldenvarden and live with the elves so he cannot see his daughter again. During "Inheritance", she continues to support the Varden, and is delighted when Eragon returns from Vroengard with the Eldunari, as they include dragons she knew personally and had thought dead. She is killed in the final battle in Urû'baen by Lord Barst. Islanzadí was succeeded by her daughter Arya as Queen of the Elves.
King Evandar.
Evandar was the mate of Islanzadí and Arya's father. He was ruler of Du Weldenvarden before Islanzadí was. It is said that he died while making a final stand against Galbatorix when he led the elven army and the remaining free Riders in a siege of Urû'baen. However, his body was not found. This was following the destruction of Vroengard and Doru Araeba.
He blessed Blagden because the bird saved his life once in a battle.
Vanir.
Vanir is a (comparatively) young elf, who is Eragon's sparring partner during his training in "Eldest". He is a skilled but arrogant swordsman and says "dead" every time he lands a potentially deadly blow to Eragon. Initially, he considers Eragon unworthy of the title Dragon Rider due to his lack of skills in comparison to the elves and Eragon's acquired disability. When Eragon, enhanced by magic, breaks his arm and defeats him. Eragon offers to heal it but Vanir refuses and thus, Eragon earns his respect. Vanir succeeds Arya as the ambassador of the elves to Nasuada's government and, as an extent, King Orrin of Surda, Inheritance. It is implied that he made a residence in Ilirea to comport himself as an ambassador. His name is shared with that of a pantheon of Nordic gods.
Rhunön.
Rhunön is an ancient elf who created all of the Dragon Riders' swords. After the betrayal of the Forsworn, Rhunön swore never to make another sword. In "Brisingr", Eragon requests that she make him a Rider's sword. Because of her oath, Rhunön creates it through a mental merging with Eragon, wherein she guides his movements, but it is Eragon himself who makes it. Eragon then names it Brisingr.
She is over 3000 years old, possibly the oldest elf in Du Weldenvarden, as she was alive before the great battle between the elves and dragons and remembers a time when the elves were as mortal as men, just before their joining with the dragons.
Maud.
Maud is a werecat that lives in Ellesméra. She knows of Solembum, and is assumed to be much older than he. She is even more mysterious than Solembum and seems to have a place among Islanzadí's advisers. Maud is also seen caring for Alanna and Dusan, two elf children, while Eragon was creating his new sword, Brisingr. Eragon first meets Maud shortly after his very first audience with Queen Islanzadí in Eldest. She also goes by the names of The Watcher, Quickpaw and The Dream Dancer.
Blödhgarm.
Blödhgarm (translated in an appendix as "Bloodwolf") is a blue-furred wolf elf, and has a musky scent that attracts females. He is the leader of a small group sent to protect Eragon and Saphira on the orders of Islanzadí ("our twelve finest spell weavers," of whom Blödhgarm is the leader). It is implied that he is highly competent in fighting, magical and otherwise. He helps in the battles against the Empire and is one of the elves to go with Eragon to help with training the future Dragon Riders.
Wyrden.
Wyrden was a powerful elven spellcaster under Blödhgarm. He first appeared in "Inheritance" at the battle of Belatona where he helped to heal Saphira after she was injured by the Dauthdaert. He later acts as Eragon's sparring partner. While accompanying Eragon in the tunnels of Dras-Leona, he was impaled by magic spikes. Wyrden was the only one of Blödhgarm's spellcasters to die in the story arc.
Blagden.
Blagden is a raven blessed by Evandar after pecking out an Urgal's eyes when the elf king stumbled during a fight, thus allowing Evandar to recover and defeat the Urgal. The magic gave Blagden intelligence and the ability of speech (though he primarily speaks in riddles and doggerel), but also unintentionally turned his feathers pure white, and the strange ability to sometimes sense what would happen in the future. He probably knew Brom as he stated both Brom and Eragon were "blind as bats". According to Oromis, he might have spied on his conversation with Brom about Eragon's parentage, as he hinted that Eragon and Murtagh only shared a single parent. And as Oromis said (to this effect) that eavesdropping was an unfortunate habit of Blagden's.
Arva.
Arva was an elven Rider who was at Ilirea when the Forsworn attacked the city. He fought Kialandí, one of the Forsworn, an elven male rider who subsequently dealt him with a mortal blow during the battle, but managed to pass his sword Támerlein to his sister, Naudra, who was Lord Fiolr's mate so she can use it as a weapon to free herself from the battle. She fought free and managed to escape (although she died soon after due to her extensive injuries) along with a dragon and a rider to Du Weldenvarden, home of the elves.
In "Inheritance", Rhunön made some modifications in Támerlein, and in the end of the book, it was passed to Arya. Eragon found the guard too wide and the handle too thick for his purposes. Eragon used a different technique than the previous owner of the sword.
Characters from the Beor Mountains.
Hrothgar.
Hrothgar was the King of the dwarves, controlling the thirteen dwarf clans and Tronjheim, the city within Farthen Dûr. He admits Eragon as a member of "Dûrgrimst Ingeitum", an honor that had never previously been bestowed upon a non-dwarf. He is killed by magic from Murtagh in the Battle of the Burning Plains. His name is derived from "Hroðgar", the name of a legendary Danish king who lived in the 6th century and who appears as a character in the Anglo-Saxon epics "Beowulf" and "Widsith". He is succeeded by his nephew Orik.
Gannel.
Gannel is Grimstborith ("clan chief") of Dûrgrimst Quan, the religious clan of the dwarves. He is also the head priest of the dwarves. He gives Eragon a necklace that will prevent anyone from scrying him. He supports Grimstborith Nado for the dwarven kingship, and later summons the chief dwarf god, Gûntera.
Vermûnd.
Vermûnd is the Grimstborith of Az Sweldn rak Anhûin, a small and mysterious clan. Vermûnd orders the assassination of Eragon when he stays in Tronjheim during Brisingr. Because of his crime, Az Sweldn rak Anhûin are banished from the dwarves by Orik and the other clan chiefs, until Vermûnd is replaced. Vermûnd himself is branded a traitor and shall be ignored until he dies.
Creatures of the Beors.
Fanghur
Fanghur are creatures that resemble dragons, though not as large or intelligent as their cousins, and are unable to breathe fire. They are considered to be the most deadly of the native Beor creatures through the way they hunt, by letting out piercing screams or to attack their victim's minds to paralyse them while they go in for the kill. In Eldest, Eragon and Saphira encounter three Fanghur that they mistake for dragons at first, and are attacked by them until Saphira frightens them off with her fire.
Feldûnost
Feldûnost are large goat-like creatures that are sometimes ridden upon by dwarves. Their name means "frostbeard" in the dwarf language. Feldûnost appear in Eldest when Eragon and Saphira enter Tarnag.
Nagra
Nagra are giant boar creatures that are feasted upon by dwarves. Their meat is rich in taste, and few dwarves are able to catch a nagra. Nagra are shown in both Eldest and Brisingr. In Eldest, a nagra is served in a grand feast at Tarnag. In Brisingr a group of Nagra are shown in a confrontation with an Urzhad. A Nagra is killed by the massive bear in the fight.
Shrrg
A shrrg is a giant wolf creature. They are mentioned by Orik in Eldest, saying that they can catch both Feldunost and Nagra. A shrrg is seen in Brisingr, when Eragon and Nar Garzhvog are camping. Eragon is able to speak to the beast and convince it that they wouldn't attack. The wolf merely took some meat from the camp and ran off.
Urzhad
Urzhad (called Beorn by the elves) are massive cave bears that grow to massive size. Urzhad are larger than most Beor creatures, about as big as a small house. They are known to be brutal creatures that can kill a nagra with ease. In Brisingr an urzhad is seen by Eragon and Nar Garzhvog on their journey through the Beor Mountains. The bear is attacked by a group of nagra and has its flanks scratched badly by the boar. The beast however easily kills a Nagra with its paw and starts eating it. Eragon is impressed by the monster's power, and fears Saphira would have trouble against it, but Garzhvog tells him "She can breathe fire, a bear cannot."
Urgals.
Nar Garzhvog.
Nar Garzhvog is a Kull (an Urgal that can grow to be eight feet tall) commander who joins the Varden, becoming the first of his kind to fight in an alliance with another race while not enslaved in history. He fights in the Battle of the Burning Plains and accompanies Eragon on a later journey to the foot of the Beor Mountains. Nar Garzhvog respects Eragon because Eragon killed Durza and saved the surviving Urgals from Durza's mind control. Another reason for his respect of Eragon is that Eragon is a mighty warrior, for the Urgals rank their chieftains based on fighting prowess. It is said that Nar Garzhvog is as skilled as any fighter and is almost as wise as Oromis, though in a different way. It is due to Nar Garzhvog that, at the end of Inheritance, Eragon adds the Urgals to the Rider pact. "Nar" is an Urgal term used to symbolize respect. Nar Garzhvog is very proud of his title Nar, and is not eager to give up his space as leader of the pack when the Urgals join the Varden.
Yarbog.
Yarbog is an Urgal who challenges the authority of Roran (his commander) during a mission. Roran defeats him in a wrestling match and earns his respect.
Ancient characters.
Eragon the 1st.
Eragon was the first of the old order of the Dragon Riders. The elves and dragons were in the midst of a war after a young elf hunted and killed a dragon, as the elves originally mistook the dragons to be unintelligent beasts. During this war, Eragon found a white dragon egg on a cliff side and chose to raise the dragon, which he named Bid'daum. It is unknown whether the egg was left on purpose or by accident. Together they were able to establish communication between the two races and create a treaty between them. This later led to the formation of the Dragon Riders between elves and dragons, which later led to the elves becoming imbued with magic, and the balance between races were formed. It is not revealed whether or not Eragon dies, or how he and his dragon were connected, or whether or not he had a gedwëy ignasia or "shining palm". It is hinted that he found his dragon egg in a similar way as Eragon, his namesake. When Paolini was asked in an interview, "Could the first Eragon and his dragon still be alive?" Paolini responded with a simple “no comment.”
Bid'daum.
Bid'daum's egg was found by Eragon during the time of the war between the elves and dragons. Eragon raised the abandoned dragon hatchling in secret, and when Bid'Daum grew strong enough to support Eragon's weight, the two traveled across Alagaësia, acting as intermediaries between the dragons and elves. The war ended as a result of their efforts, though both sides had heavy losses and would have destroyed each other if not for Eragon and Bid'Daum. Bid'daum was a white dragon.
Linnëa (the Menoa Tree).
Linnëa was an elf who lived before the war between elves and dragons, when they first migrated to the new land. She was skilled at changing the shapes of plants by song until she became enamored and was later cuckolded by her mate. Linnëa thereafter killed both her rival and her mate, and united herself with a tree deep in the forest, which became known as the Menoa Tree. Since then she has watched over Du Weldenvarden from within The Menoa Tree. Eragon and Saphira came to her for Brightsteel, her finally giving it up for an unknown price (Eragon leaving her alone).
Vrael.
Vrael was the last leader of the Riders of Old and was bonded to the male white dragon Umaroth. He was one of the last Riders able to defeat Galbatorix in combat, but hesitated to kill him, allowing Galbatorix to severely injure him. Vrael fled to the mountain of Utgard where he hoped to regain his strength, but Galbatorix found him and beheaded him with "a blazing sword" after kicking Vrael in the fork of the legs. Vrael's death then allowed Galbatorix to become King of Alagaësia, form the Empire of Alagaësia, and ended the legacy of the Riders of Old. He owned a white sword, which he called Islingr, or Light-bringer.
Queen Dellanir.
Queen Dellanir was queen of the elves when Anurin decided to add humans to the pact so that there would be human Dragon Riders. This was also when the Riders moved their headquarters from the elven city of Ilirea to the island of Vroengard. Eventually Queen Dellanir let the Riders police her kingdom once more and reigned until she abandoned her position in order to study the mysteries of magic. It was then that Evandar became king so it is possible that Dellanir was Evandar's mother and therefore Arya's grandmother. It is unknown whether or not Dellanir is still alive.
Queen Tamunora.
Queen Tamunora was the elven queen who worked with the dragons to create the pact that would lead to the formation of the Dragon Riders, ending Du Fyrn Skulblaka. She was eventually succeeded, although whether or not she died has yet to be revealed.
Anurin.
Anurin was an elven Dragon Rider, and leader of the Dragon Riders before Vrael. He was the leader of the Riders when humans entered the pact between elves and dragons. Anurin was also responsible for moving the Dragon Rider's headquarters away from the elven city of Illirea (now Urû’baen) to the island of Vroengard, because he believed the Riders must be equal toward all races, not only to the elves. Anurin's successor was the Rider Vrael. It is not said how Anurin died, the name of his dragon nor its color.
King Palancar.
Palancar was the king of the humans when they first migrated and established a settlement in Alagaësia. He founded the Broddring Kingdom, but was defeated by the Dragon Riders when he attempted to annex elvish territory. His lieutenants betrayed him and signed a treaty with the elves, confining Palancar and his house to a valley in the Spine (a mountain range), where the Riders could keep watch on him. Shortly after his deposing and banishment, Palancar is said to have been killed by one of his sons. The valley within the Spine where Carvahall and Therinsford are located was named after King Palancar and is referred to as Palancar Valley.
King Korgan.
Korgan was the first dwarf king. He discovered Farthen Dûr while tunneling for gold. He was king when the dwarves migrated to the Beor Mountains from the then-forming Hadarac Desert more than 8000 years ago. Korgan also forged Volund, the golden warhammer that has been passed down to every dwarf ruler since. Korgan was the founder of Dûrgrimst Ingeitum, and is known by the dwarves as "the father of their race." Korgan is dead as he was immortalized in one of the statues in dwarf kings' halls. How he died is unspecified.
Thuviel.
Thuviel was an elven Dragon Rider. His dragon was killed a month before the attack on Vroengard and he no longer wished to live, but all able warriors were needed to defend the city. Vrael asked Thuviel to commit suicide by "converting his flesh into energy", causing a massive explosion with a strikingly similar effect to that of a nuclear weapon, but asked that he only do so if the battle was lost to Galbatorix and the Forsworn. At the battle of Doru Areba, this came to pass and Thuviel's action killed Glaerun of the Forsworn, but also many Dragon Riders and wild dragons. The rest of the Forsworn managed to magically shield themselves. Nevertheless, because of his actions, the Riders were able to protect the eggs and Eldunarí in the Vault of Souls, as the island was poisoned by the explosion, preventing Galbatorix from settling there and staying long enough to discover the Vault of Souls.
Umaroth.
Umaroth (pronounced "oo-MAR-oth") was the white dragon bonded to Vrael, leader of the dragon riders of old before their fall. Umaroth's physical body was destroyed by Galbatorix, but he stayed hidden in the Rock of Kuthian in the form of his Eldunarí, the dragons's heart of hearts. He was the representative of the one hundred and thirty six dragons who managed to stay hidden. Umaroth is given the honorary title "Elda" by Eragon, Saphira and many of the elves including Arya. He along with the other Eldunarí lends his strength to Eragon to help him defeat Galbatorix. In the end of Inheritance, Umaroth along with the other Eldunarí travels with Eragon, Saphira and twenty elves out of Alagaësia to a place safe for the new order of dragon riders to arise.
Valdr.
Valdr was an ancient wild male dragon in his Eldunarí form. He was chosen to be placed in the Vault of Souls along with the other one hundred and thirty six dragons safe from Galbatorix. Valdr conversed with Eragon occasionally in the form of visions which Eragon found difficult to decipher. In the near end of Inheritance when Eragon was considering attempting to raise Brom from the dead, Valdr advises him against doing so suggesting him that the dead were better left to themselves. This was also the first time that Eragon understood properly about what Valdr was trying to convey. Valdr is the oldest dragon among Eragon's Eldunarí, which confirmed his physical body was dead long before the magical union between the elves and dragons. "Leave the dead to the earth. They are not for us," Valdr said to Eragon when the desire to rise Brom from the dead arose in him.
Belgabad.
Belgabad was an ancient, wild dragon who lived alone in the northern region of Alagaësia, a place described by Glaedr as an ""icy reach of the north"". He died at Vroengard during the assault by Galbatorix and the Forsworn. It is unknown whether he disgorged his Eldunarí into the Vault of Souls or not. However, it is safe to assume that he had his Eldunarí disgorged and placed into The Vault of Souls due to Umaroth's narration stating that, "It was easy to convince the wild dragons to disgorge their Eldunarí as Galbatorix had been hunting them and they have no magical protection against him. So, they came to this vault and give charge their Eldunarí." He was the biggest dragon at that time. It is implied by Galbatorix that his cape is made from the membrane of Belgabad's wings. Saphira is a descendant of Belgabad. It is not known whether Belgabad and Shruikan were of the same size, but it is known that they were both large compared to even Glaedr.
Raugmar The Black.
Raugmar The Black was an ancient wild male dragon whose color was black and he was a distant descendent of Belgabad. Raugmar was a great-great-great grandsire of Vervada, Saphira's mother.
Other characters.
Spirits.
The spirits are a mysterious race that seem to be the living embodiment of energy. They can cast seemingly inexplicable magic, such as turning a lily to gold without killing it. When Eragon first makes mental contact with them (outside of battle with a Shade), they are described as inspiring a sense of euphoria. Arya tells him that they choose to inspire this feeling to avoid capture by sorcerers.

</doc>
<doc id="9781729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781729" title="Ken Jones (American football)">
Ken Jones (American football)

Kenneth Eugene Jones (born December 1, 1952 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills and the New York Jets. He played high school football at Pattonville High School and college football at Arkansas State University. Additionally, Ken Jones served as a head football coach at LaSalle Senior High School in Niagara Falls, NY for several years.

</doc>
<doc id="9781730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781730" title="Sakura Color Products Corporation">
Sakura Color Products Corporation

History.
The company was initially founded as a crayons manufacturer in 1921. By 1925, Sakura invented the first-ever oil pastel that combined oil and pigment, which was patented globally as the "" trademark. 
In 1982 the firm launched its famous "Pigma" marker pen lines.
In 1984 Sakura invented the first gel-based ink, featured in its new ballpoint pens lines. Gel ink pens are currently produced by many stationery companies.
The North-American division of the company, "Sakura Color Products of America, Inc." was established in Hayward, California in 1986. Other division of Sakura in Asia, "Shanghai Sakura International Trading Co., Ltd. ()" was established in Shanghai, China in 2002.
Products.
The following is a list with the large range of products commercialized by Sakura: 
Artists.
Sakura "Pigma" markers have been widely used by a many comic book artists to ink their pages. Some of them are George Pérez and Ethan Van Sciver.
Cray-Pas Wonderful, Colorful World Contest.
Sakura of America started the annual national art contest in the United States in 1996. The contest is open to all U.S. students grades K through 8 to create a picture that is drawn mostly with oil pastels, preferably Cray-Pas. The judging is done by separate grade categories: K-2, 3-5 and 6-8. Three winners in each category are medalists and 25 more students are awarded honorable mention. There have been 17,000 submissions each year with winning entries displayed online and some have been published in printed material.

</doc>
<doc id="9781734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781734" title="C Force">
C Force

"C" Force was the Canadian military contingent involved in the Battle of Hong Kong, in December 1941. Members of the force were the first Canadian soldiers to see action in World War II.
In Autumn 1941, the British government accepted the Canadian Government's offer, mediated by a former General Officer Commanding in Hong Kong and Canadian, Major-General A. E. Grasett to send two infantry battalions (1,975 personnel) to reinforce the Hong Kong garrison. The force departed North America on 27 October and arrived 16 November. They did not have their full equipment: a ship carrying all their vehicles was diverted to Manila when war began. The soldiers were still undergoing training and acclimatisation. The major Canadian units involved in the defence of Hong Kong were:
In addition to this the Canadians provided a Brigade HQ. The Canadians were initially positioned on south side of the Island to counter any amphibious landing. Ironically this would mean that when the Japanese invaded the island they were the units called upon to counter attack. On 8 December, Japanese aircraft destroyed a nearly-empty camp at Sham Shui Po where two men of the Royal Canadian Signals were wounded, the first Canadian casualties in the Pacific theatre, and the first Canadian army casualties in combat. On 11 December, the Winnipeg Grenadiers became the first Canadian Army subunit to fight in battle in the Second World War, with D Company acting as a rearguard during the retreat from Kowloon. Private John Grey was killed during the evacuation. It is unknown how he died but guesses have included mobs, fifth columnists, and being executed by the Japanese.
In the subsequent fight for Hong Kong island, the Canadians lost 290 personnel of which 130 were from the Grenadiers. The commander of West Brigade HQ, Brigadier John K. Lawson, was killed. The remaining Canadian soldiers surrendered to the Japanese on Christmas Day.
DECORATIONS AWARDED TO 'C' FORCE SOLDIERS
Soldiers of ‘C’ Force were awarded a total of 100 decorations. The following table shows the unit, the decoration and the number awarded.
Decoration/award descriptions
In order of precedence descriptions are as follows:
VC - Victoria Cross
DSO - Distinguished Service Order
OBE - Officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire status
MBE - Member of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire status
MC - Military Cross
ARRC - Associate of the Royal Red Cross
DCM - Distinguished Conduct Medal
MM - Military Medal
BEM - British Empire Medal
DM - Dickin Medal
MiD - Mentioned in Despatches
References for the above awards
"Canada Gazette", 44 10 January, No. 10, Vol. 78, p2404
"Canada Gazette", 46 8 April, No. 14, Vol. 80, p2066
"Canada Gazette", 46 15 June, No. 24, Vol. 80, p2404
"London Gazette", 48 20 February, No. 38212, p1175
Legacy.
Surviving Canadian servicemen from this battle formed the Hong Kong Veterans Association. In December 1991 they planted two maple trees in Sham Shui Po Park in memory of their comrades.
The Hong Kong Veterans Commemorative Association dedicated the Hong Kong Memorial Wall on Sussex Drive at King Edward Avenue in Ottawa, Ontario on August 15, 2009 to the 1,977 Canadians who sailed to Hong Kong in 1941 to assist the British in defending the colony against the Japanese invasion. The names of 961 members of the Royal Rifles are etched on one side of the wall and the names of 911 Grenadiers are on the other side of a six-metre concrete wall covered in granite, with the upper part shaped as a mountain landscape. The 106 members of the Brigade Headquarters, including doctors, dentists and chaplains are listed on either end of the memorial. 
The Historic Sites and Monuments Board of Canada erected a memorial rock with plaque near the Hong Kong Memorial Wall on August 15, 2009, which describes the Canadian role in the defence of Hong Kong. "In late 1941, 1,975 Canadians arrived in
Hong Kong to reinforce the garrison. They fought with courage and determination against overwhelming odds after the Japanese attacked on December 8. Many distinguished themselves under fire, including Company Sergeant-Major John
Robert Osborn, who won Canada's first Victoria Cross of the Second World War, During the seventeen-day battle, 290 men died. After the surrender, 267 more perished during long years of harsh captivity. The Canadians` role in the defence of Hong Kong stands as an eloquent expression of their lasting honour." 

</doc>
<doc id="9781736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781736" title="Willunga High School">
Willunga High School

Willunga High School is a high school in Willunga, South Australia.
Notable alumni.
Jona Weinhofen, Josef Peters and Michael Crafter went on to form Adelaide Band I Killed The Prom Queen. Jona later joined Bring Me The Horizon and JJ Peters formed Deez Nuts

</doc>
<doc id="9781767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781767" title="Dunja Vejzović">
Dunja Vejzović

Dunja Vejzović (; born October 20, 1943) is an acclaimed operatic soprano from Croatia.
Biography.
Dunja Crnković was born in Zagreb and was married in 1963, changing her surname to Vejzović. She studied at the Zagreb Academy of Music, where she sung The Witch in "Hänsel und Gretel" in 1968. She began her career as a mezzo-soprano with the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb, debuting in 1970 as Ariel in Stjepan Šulek's "Oluja" (The Tempest).
From 1971 to 1978, Vejzovic was a member of the Nuremberg Opera, where she appeared in many operas, including principal roles in "Orfeo ed Euridice", "Carmen", "Tannhäuser" (as Venus), "Intolleranza", "Die Soldaten" (as Charlotte), "Dido and Æneas", "Elektra" (as Klytemnästra), "Il trovatore" (as Azucena, directed by Hans Neuenfels in his operatic debut), "Boris Godunov" (as Marina Mnichek), "Wozzeck" (as Marie), "Aïda" (as Amneris), "Lulu" (as the Countess Geschwitz), and "Samson et Dalila".
Her international career began in 1978, at the Bayreuth Festival, where she enacted Kundry in "Parsifal", for three summers. On October 9, 1978, Vejzovic made her Metropolitan Opera debut, as Venus, opposite Jess Thomas in the name part, with James Levine conducting.
In 1980 and 1981, Herbert von Karajan engaged her to appear in his Salzburg Festival "Parsifal", which was reckoned a great success. In 1984, she sang Ortrud, in "Lohengrin", for that Festival. In 1982, Vejzovic debuted at the Teatro alla Scala, as Didon in "Les Troyens", conducted by Georges Prêtre and directed by Luca Ronconi. At that theatre, she also appeared in "Suor Angelica" (as the Zia Principessa, 1983, conducted by Gianandrea Gavazzeni), "Tannhäuser" (1984), "Der fliegende Holländer" (as Senta, 1988), and "Parsifal" (conducted by Riccardo Muti, 1991).
Another of her great collaborations has been with the director Robert Wilson, in whose productions she sang the title role of "Alceste" (conducted by Christoph Eschenbach, 1986–87), and in "Parsifal" (1991 and 1992).
Vejzovic has also appeared in Monte-Carlo (Brünnhilde in "Die Walküre", 1979), Berlin, Carnegie Hall (the Verdi Requiem, conducted by Lorin Maazel, 1982), Barcelona ("Hérodiade", opposite Montserrat Caballé and José Carreras, 1983), Paris ("Médée", 1986), Teatro Colón (Kundry, 1986), Vienna ("Wozzeck", under Claudio Abbado, 1987; "Lohengrin", with Plácido Domingo, 1990), and Houston ("Parsifal" and "Lohengrin", 1992).
Also in her repertoire are "Erwartung", "Rienzi", "Siegfried", "Le Cid", "Bluebeard's Castle", "Œdipus rex", "Attila", Abigaille in "Nabucco", "I due Foscari", Princess Eboli in "Don Carlos", Lady Macbeth in "Macbeth", "Fierrabras", "Fidelio", "Thérèse", Brangäne in "Tristan und Isolde", and "Sapho".
Other distinguished conductors with whom Vejzovic has collaborated have included Christoph von Dohnányi, Armin Jordan, Michael Gielen, Lovro von Matačić, Jesús López-Cobos, Zubin Mehta, Carlos Kleiber, Nicola Rescigno, and Nikolaus Harnoncourt. 
In 2002, she bid farewell to the stage, as Charlotte in "Werther", at Zagreb, with Francisco Araiza in the name part.
She has twice won the Prix Fondation Fanny Heldy, for her recordings of Kundry and Ortrud. As of 2009, Mme Vejzovic is a Professor at the Hochschule für Musik, in Stuttgart.
In March 2014, Vejzovic made a brief return to the stage, as the Grandmother Buryjovka, in Peter Konwitschny's production of "Jenůfa", at Oper Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="9781793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781793" title="Indian Grove Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Indian Grove Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Indian Grove Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 4,297 and it contained 1,814 housing units. Indian Grove Township changed its name from Worth Township on May 11, 1858.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.37%) is land and (or 0.63%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9781796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781796" title="Peoria Javelinas">
Peoria Javelinas

The Peoria Javelinas, established in 1992, are a baseball team that plays in the West Division of the Arizona Fall League. The Javelinas play their home games in the Peoria Sports Complex in Peoria, Arizona, which is a spring training site for both the San Diego Padres and the Seattle Mariners.
For the 2011 season, Major League Baseball teams sending players to the Javelinas were: the Milwaukee Brewers, New York Mets, San Diego Padres, St. Louis Cardinals, and Seattle Mariners. For 2012 the Minnesota Twins and Cincinnati Reds were added while the Mets and Cardinals were dropped. In 2013, the Houston Astros and Kansas City Royals replaced the Twins and Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="9781810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781810" title="Three Doors to Death">
Three Doors to Death

Three Doors to Death is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout, published by the Viking Press in 1950 — itself collected in the omnibus volume "Five of a Kind" (Viking 1961). The book comprises three stories that first appeared in "The American Magazine":

</doc>
<doc id="9781826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781826" title="Long Point Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Long Point Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Long Point Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 498 and it contained 218 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9781840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781840" title="MDMEO">
MDMEO

MDMEO ("3,4-methylenedioxy-"N"-methoxyamphetamine", MDMEO, MDMEOA, MDMeOA) is a lesser-known psychedelic drug and a substituted amphetamine. It is also the N-methoxy analogue of MDA. MDMEO was first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin. In his book "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)", the minimum dosage is listed as 180 mg. MDMEO may be found as white crystals. It produces few to no effects. Very little data exists about the pharmacological properties, metabolism, and toxicity of MDMEO.

</doc>
<doc id="9781849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781849" title="Katowice railway station">
Katowice railway station

Katowice railway station is a railway station in Katowice, Silesia, Poland, and the largest railway station in the Upper Silesian Industrial Region. Domestic and international trains connect at the station to most major cities in Europe and are operated primarily by Polskie Koleje Państwowe.
History.
The station replaced the 19th century Katowice historic train station. Opened in 1972, the new station was an example of modern architecture and the main railway hall was designed by Polish architects Wacław Kłyszewski, Jerzy Mokrzyński and Eugeniusz Wierzbicki, with construction supervised by Wacław Zalewski. The hall's design took into account the unusual ground conditions of this former coal mining region, which is still susceptible to tectonic movement.
The new station.
The Polish government in July 2009 signed a construction agreement with the Spanish firm Neinver for the building of a new integrated transportation/commercial center in Katowice. The investment involved the reconstruction of the railway station, the construction of an underground bus station, a shopping center ("Galeria Katowicka"), an office tower, and the reconfiguring of streets, sidewalks and public space around the station. The overall investment is estimated at about 240 million euros.
The new project broke ground in May 2010 and by the end of September 2010 a temporary train station was open for passenger service. The old concourse closed on 1 October 2010 and gradually a number of platforms were also shut, with staggered platform repair being carried out in stages. Demolition of the main hall lasted from 22 December 2010 to 11 January 2011. The entire complex (including the adjoining "Galeria Katowicka" mall on Szewczyk Square) was completed by the summer of 2013, with the new main hall and its integrated (underground) bus station in operation by late 2012. The new station is connected to a large shopping mall.
Underground parking for about 1,200 cars is also under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="9781856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781856" title="Nebraska Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Nebraska Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Nebraska Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,433 and it contained 627 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9781858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781858" title="List of Saikano episodes">
List of Saikano episodes

"Saikano" is a Japanese animated television series that aired on Family Gekijou channel from July 2 – September 24, 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9781879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781879" title="Nevada Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Nevada Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Nevada Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. At the 2010 census, its population was 1,335 and it contained 101 housing units.
The Illinois Department of Corrections Dwight Correctional Center is within the township. Dwight Correctional Center houses the State of Illinois female death row.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9781894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781894" title="Stephanie Says">
Stephanie Says

"Stephanie Says" is a song by The Velvet Underground, originally recorded in 1968. Although available on various bootlegs, the song was not officially released until 1985, when a remixed version appeared on the album "VU", and subsequently on the 1995 box set "Peel Slowly and See". The original 1968 mix of "Stephanie Says" was included on the 2005 Velvet Underground compilation album, "Gold". In 2001, the song was used in the Wes Anderson film "The Royal Tenenbaums".
The song was loosely inspired by the group's manager at the time, Steven Sesnick ("Stephanie" being the female form of "Steven"). Lou Reed rewrote the lyrics and renamed it "Caroline Says (II)" for his 1973 solo album "Berlin". While vastly different in tone, it retained the refrain, ""It's so cold in Alaska"".

</doc>
<doc id="9781903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781903" title="Newtown Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Newtown Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Newtown Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 733 and it contained 334 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.34%) is land and (or 0.66%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9781905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781905" title="Eumorpha achemon">
Eumorpha achemon

The Achemon sphinx ("Eumorpha achemon") is a moth of the Sphingidae family. It is native to North America, where it is known from most of the United States, southern Canada, and northern Mexico. It is rare or absent in the Pacific Northwest, Great Basin, and Southeastern United States except Florida.
The wingspan is 87–97 mm. It can be distinguished from all other "Eumorpha" species by the hindwing upperside being almost uniformly pale pink from the base to the diffuse, dark brown submarginal band.
Adults are on wing from June to August in one generation in the northern part of the range. There are two generations with adults on wing from May to August in the south. Adults feed on the nectar of various flowers, including "Lonicera japonica", "Petunia" × "hybrida", "Philadelphus coronarius", and "Phlox" species. It is one of three main pollinators of the rare orchid "Platanthera praeclara".
Larvae are of three forms: light green, reddish orange, and tan to brown. They are known to feed on "Parthenocissus quinquefolia" and "Ampelopsis" species. They are often found on wild and cultivated Vitaceae, including grapes, and they can sometimes be found in vineyards feeding on the leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="9781920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781920" title="Chaunac">
Chaunac

Chaunac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.
Geography.
The Seugne forms all of the commune's eastern border.

</doc>
<doc id="9781936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781936" title="Odell Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Odell Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Odell Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,276 and it contained 551 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.92%) is land and (or 0.08%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9781937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781937" title="Semi-classical music">
Semi-classical music

In Pakistan, semi-classical music (or in Urdu: نیم کلاسیکی موسیقی; "neem klaseeki moseeqi") was derived from classical music combined with Pakistani film music and was specifically created for TV viewers. This generally refers to the music produced by Pakistan Television from 1964 (its establishment) to the late 1980s. Although, this music is still produced but it is not as frequent.
Pakistani pop music, despite starting as completely westernized music, has been heavily influenced by semi-classical by the passage of time.

</doc>
<doc id="9781941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781941" title="Shamil Khan">
Shamil Khan

Shamil Khan (; "Shamil" is also spelled as "Shamyl"; born March 1978 in Islamabad) is a film and TV actor from Pakistan. He was introduced in "Larki Punjaban" by Syed Noor.
In March, 2008 Shamyl Khan was married to salma shah pashto drama actress.

</doc>
<doc id="9781945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781945" title="Sohail Ahmed">
Sohail Ahmed

Sohail Ahmed () (born Sohail Akram Butt), best known as Azizi (), is a Pakistani comedian and stage and TV actor. He is notable for comedy stage dramas based in Lahore.
Career.
He improvises dialogue during stage plays. He is an outspoken opponent of vulgarity and obscenity in stage dramas. Sohail plays the character "Azizi" in the show Hasb e Haal on Dunya News, where he do humorous commentary on current affairs and other topics.

</doc>
<doc id="9781970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781970" title="Honors Tutorial College">
Honors Tutorial College

The Honors Tutorial College (HTC) at Ohio University in Athens, Ohio is the only college in the United States with a degree-granting program incorporating all the essential features of the traditional tutorial system. The Honors Tutorial College is based on the centuries old tutorial system of undergraduate education developed at Oxford and Cambridge in Great Britain. 
The program generally accepts around eighty students per year from an applicant pool of around two hundred and offers programs in thirty-four disciplines, from journalism to astrophysics. Students benefit from their involvement with the college: they are the first to register for classes, can waive course prerequisites and general education requirements for graduation, can check out books from the university library for extended periods of time, have access to scholars' dorms, and develop close-knit and personal relationships with professors. All programs of study require the completion of a thesis project. Students must also maintain a 3.5 GPA in their program of study and in their overall coursework. 
The foundation of an "honors program" at Ohio University existed as far back as 1945. In 1959, an Honors Program and Awards Committee was established to set rules for and supervise honors courses conducted by various academic departments. In 1972, Professor Ellery Golos approached the University Curriculum Council with "A Proposal for a Tutorial System." The proposal was approved on May 9, 1972. Prior to that point, an Honors College had existed previously since 1964. 
Famous alumni include actress Piper Perabo, Pulitzer Prize winning reporter Joe Mahr, NASA scientist Lori Poultz-Snyder, CEO at the biotechnology and pharmaceutical company Nodality, Inc Laura Brege, NPR correspondent Adam Hochberg, and Emmy Award winning writer and producer Matt Wickline. 
The Honors Tutorial College is located at 35 Park Place near the center of the University. It is across the street from Alden Library and down the street from the E. W. Scripps Hall, home of the E. W. Scripps School of Journalism and the John Calhoun Baker University Center. Since July 2009, Jeremy Webster has served as dean of the Honors Tutorial College.

</doc>
<doc id="9781974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781974" title="Owego Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Owego Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Owego Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 328 and it contained 123 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.94%) is land and (or 0.06%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9781981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781981" title="February–March 2007 tornado outbreak sequence">
February–March 2007 tornado outbreak sequence

The February–March 2007 tornado outbreak sequence was a deadly tornado outbreak across the southern United States that began in Kansas on February 28, 2007. The severe weather spread eastward on March 1 and left a deadly mark across the southern US, particularly in Alabama and Georgia. Twenty deaths were reported; one in Missouri, nine in Georgia, and 10 in Alabama. Scattered severe weather was also reported in North Carolina on March 2, producing the final tornado of the outbreak before the storms moved offshore into the Atlantic Ocean.
In the end, there were 56 tornadoes confirmed during the outbreak, including three EF3 tornadoes reported across three states, as well as three EF4 tornadoes; two in Alabama and one in Kansas, the first such tornadoes since the introduction of the Enhanced Fujita Scale. Total damages were estimated at over $580 million from tornadoes alone, making it the fourth costliest tornado outbreak in US history (the figure not including damage from other thunderstorm impacts including hail and straight-line winds). Insured losses in the state of Georgia topped $210 million, making this outbreak the costliest in that state's history. Enterprise, Alabama, which was hit the hardest, sustained damages in excess of $307 million.
Meteorological synopsis.
The tornado outbreak was related to a large low-pressure system across the central United States that intensified on February 28 while over Kansas, and a cold front moved across the region, providing the lift needed to allow the storms to develop. In addition, a surge of very moist air from the Gulf of Mexico and warm temperatures across the south side of the storm helped feed the storms. Temperatures were in the 70s °F (low 20s °C) in some areas to the south, while the mercury was below freezing on the north side. The dewpoints were in the 60 °F (16 °C) range as far north as southeastern Kansas, which provided extra fuel.
A moderate risk of severe storms was issued by the Storm Prediction Center for February 28 across parts of the central Plains. The first tornadoes developed early in the evening of February 28 in Kansas as the dry line pushed eastward and was lifted by the cold front. In total, 12 tornadoes formed that evening across Kansas and Missouri, of which 11 were weak. However, one of the tornadoes was an EF4, the first such tornado recorded and the first violent tornado since September 22, 2006. No one was injured that evening. Farther south, expected activity in Oklahoma and Arkansas did not take place as the atmospheric cap held up.
A high risk of severe storms—the first such issuance since April 7, 2006—was issued for a large part of the Deep South for March 1 as the cold front moved eastward. The activity began almost immediately, with several isolated tornadoes taking place that morning across the Mississippi Valley, with one of them leading to the first fatality of the outbreak. Isolated tornadoes were also reported as far north as Illinois, near the center of the low. However, the most intense activity began around noon and continued throughout the afternoon and evening, with southern Alabama and southern Georgia hit the hardest. Nearly continuous supercells formed north of the Gulf of Mexico and produced many tornadoes, some of which hit large population centers with devastating effects. 20 people were killed by those tornadoes.
The squall line finally overtook the supercells just after midnight on March 2, after putting down 37 tornadoes that day. As the squall line overtook the cells, a few tornadoes — all EF0 — took place overnight in Florida and extreme southern Georgia within the squall line, before the severe weather emerged in the Atlantic Ocean that morning. The final tornado was a landfalling waterspout in the Outer Banks of North Carolina late that morning. In addition to the tornadoes, widespread straight-line wind damage from microbursts were also reported, along with scattered large hail, the largest of which were the size of baseballs.
On the other side of the low pressure area, a significant blizzard occurred over the northern Great Plains and Upper Midwest, including parts of Minnesota, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Wisconsin, Iowa and Nebraska, where several snowfalls in excess of 8 to 18 inches (20–45 cm) were reported, as well as snow of between 6 and 11 inches (15–28 cm) across portions of Ontario and Quebec. Freezing rain was reported across New England, the lower Great Lakes in Ontario, Michigan, and in the Chicago area. 19 people were killed by the storm, including two in Manitoba, two in Ontario, one in Massachusetts, four in North Dakota, one in Minnesota, three in Michigan, five in Wisconsin and one in Nebraska. The University of Minnesota in the Twin Cities was closed for the first time since 1991 and the roof of a supermarket in Wisconsin collapsed. Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty called in the National Guard while governors Chet Culver (Iowa) and Michael Rounds (South Dakota) issued disaster declarations
Enterprise, AL EF4 tornado.
Early on the afternoon of Thursday, March 1, at 1:08 pm CST (19:08 UTC), a destructive tornado first developed near the Enterprise Municipal Airport. The tornado lifted off the ground briefly before returning to the ground as an even stronger storm. It quickly slammed into Enterprise, Alabama, at 1:12 pm CST (19:12 UTC). The tornado left severe damage throughout a large section of the city. The most severe damage took place at Enterprise High School, where a section of the school was destroyed during the middle of the school day. Eight students were killed at the school and 50 other people were taken to local hospitals. Some early reports suggested that there had been as many as 15 deaths at Enterprise High School and 18 deaths statewide, which was found to be an over-estimation. It was the first killer tornado at a US school since the Grand Isle, Louisiana tornado in 1993, and the deadliest tornado-related school disaster since one in Belvidere, Illinois in 1967. One other death was reported in Enterprise at a nearby private residence when a woman's living room window was shattered by the tornado.
At the school, the fatalities resulted from the collapse of a concrete block wall. One hallway completely collapsed, trapping many students in the rubble of the hallway known as 3rd Hall. The tornado at the school was so strong that it tossed and mangled cars in the parking lot, flattened parts of the stadium and tore trees out of the ground. School buses were there for an early dismissal due to the storms at just after 1 pm, but the tornado hit before the school could be dismissed.
Nearby Hillcrest Elementary School also sustained severe damage from the tornado. After the tornado hit, students from both schools who were not injured were relocated by emergency personnel to Hillcrest Baptist Church, adjacent to the schools and which was not damaged, in order to meet up with shocked parents. Emergency personnel also rushed to the school to send the most seriously injured to local hospitals and provide treatment on the scene to others.
The tornado initially formed in a neighborhood just south of the downtown area; after demolishing a section of the downtown area, it moved on to the schools. The tornado then continued northeast crossing the Holly Hill and Dixie Drive areas. A quarter-mile (400 m) wide swath was devastated, with enormous damage reported to many houses and businesses, some of which were flattened. Several other schools and the local YMCA were among the damaged buildings. According to the Red Cross, 239 homes were destroyed, 374 sustained major damage, 529 sustained minor damage, and 251 homes were affected.
The tornado itself was estimated to have been 500 yards (470 m) wide and have had a path length of 10 miles (16 km). It dissipated shortly after leaving Enterprise. It was given an initial rating of EF3 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale. However, after a detailed survey, the tornado was upgraded to a low-end EF4 with winds around 170 mph (275 km/h). This upgrade was based on the finding of flattened houses near the school. A total of $307 million in damages were inflicted on the city of Enterprise.
Aftermath.
The National Guard was called into Enterprise in the aftermath of the tornado. Governor Bob Riley mobilized about 100 troops and placed more on standby. A dusk-to-dawn curfew was imposed on the community after the tornado strike. On the morning of March 3, President George W. Bush visited the community and declared Coffee County a disaster area. He went into the school and also took an aerial view of the devastation. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) was also called in to provide additional assistance.
After the tornado, there was an investigation into whether the students should have been dismissed before the tornado stuck the school. However, the National Weather Service survey from the office in Tallahassee suggested that the death toll could have been much higher due to the extreme damage in the parking lot and the area nearby. In addition, earlier thunderstorm activity in the area with two other rotating supercells tracking towards Enterprise late that morning (the first tornado warning was issued at 10:41 am CST) made evacuating the area unsafe.
In a later service assessment done by the NWS, it was determined that the school had taken the appropriate safety precautions to minimize and prevent potential loss of life with the tornado approaching, and the students were indeed in the safest part of the building. However, it was recommended in the assessment that hardened "safe rooms" with enhanced construction should exist, to prevent future disasters in the event of large and violent tornadoes impacting large buildings. A similar tornado on July 13, 2004 in Roanoke, Illinois, destroyed an industrial building, yet such rooms were used and no one there was seriously injured.
Enterprise was hit again by a weaker tornado on October 8, 2008; however, no one was injured.
Americus, GA EF3 tornado.
In the evening of March 1, Georgia's most significant tornado of the outbreak took place. This tornado began at approximately 9:00 pm EST (02:00 UTC), about southeast of Weston in Webster County, Georgia. At 9:07 pm, it moved into Sumter County, about southeast of Dumas. No one was killed there but three people were injured as numerous buildings were damaged. The worst damage in the county occurred on East Centerpoint Road northeast of Chambliss. There, a cinder block house and two machine shops were destroyed, and a 25-foot section of asphalt was scoured from a nearby road. The three injuries occurred in the home, and 5 cows died on a nearby farm. A tractor-trailer near Chambliss was travelling on Highway 520 and was flipped over by the tornado. It caught fire and burned completely. At the intersection of the highway and TV Tower Road nearby, the Georgia Public Television transmission tower was damaged. 2/3 of it was twisted and only was left standing afterwards. Many trees and power lines were downed in the area.
In Sumter County, the tornado move northeast and struck Americus. The worst damage was to the Sumter Regional Hospital. The twister destroyed every building there, causing $100 million in damage to the facility. The buildings included a row of doctors' offices and the Sumter HealthPlex, a newly built facility. It went through demolition later in the year and will not reopen until 2011. Extensive damage was done elsewhere in the city. All casualties in the county were in Americus; two people, a 53-year-old man and 43-year-old woman, died in a house when a wall collapsed inside it. The tornado moved right over the downtown area and business district. The Winn-Dixie Supermarket was completely destroyed, and the McDonald's, Wendy's, Zaxby's, Domino's Pizza, and several more local businesses were damaged or destroyed. The tornado passed right through the National Register Historic District, damaging roughly 250 historical homes, several of which were destroyed. The city's most notable cemetery, the Oak Grove Cemetery, built in 1856, suffered moderate damage. Marble monuments, some tall, were smashed, 26 wrought iron fences were toppled, and 104 cedar, magnolia, and oak trees were lost. The historic Rees Park High School sustained moderate damage but was not in use. Americus churches were not spared, as ten of them were damaged,including The Old Shady Grove Church.. Parks were badly affected as well. Rees Park lost 25 trees and nearby Myers Park lost 39.
The toll for damage in the county amounted to $110 million. A total of 31 residences, 42 businesses, one church, and one hospital were destroyed. Another 116 residences, 27 businesses, two churches, and three recreation facilities / parks sustained major damage. Moderate damage was inflicted on 260 residences, 60 businesses, five churches, a school, three recreation facilities / parks, and 2 cemeteries. Minor damage was reported to 586 residences, 88 businesses, two churches, a school, a fire station, two recreation facilities / parks, and a cemetery. A total of 75 structures were destroyed, 148 sustained major damage, 331 sustained moderate damage, and 681 sustained minor damage (a total of 1,235 structures). Of these, 993 were residences, 217 were businesses, 10 were churches, two were schools, one was a hospital, one was a fire station, eight were recreation facilities / parks, and three were cemeteries. Two people died in the county and eight others were injured.
At 9:36 pm, the tornado entered Macon County about 7 miles (11 km) southwest of Oglethorpe, Georgia, but only continued for three miles (5 km) after that. It lifted at 9:40 pm, about 5 miles (8 km) south-southwest of Oglethorpe.
The tornado was rated as a strong EF3 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale. In total, the tornado cut a path up to one mile (1.6 km) wide and about 40 miles (64 km) long through Webster, Sumter and Macon Counties. Two people died and 11 injured. Total damage was estimated at over $111 million, $110 million in Sumter county and $1 million in Webster County. Approximately 1,238 buildings (1,235 in Sumter and 3 in Webster), hundreds of vehicles, and much other property were damaged or destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="9781985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9781985" title="Ken Green (footballer)">
Ken Green (footballer)

Kenneth "Ken" Green (27 April 1924 – June 2001) was an English footballer born in West Ham, London, who played as a full back. He played for Birmingham City from 1943 to 1959, making 443 appearances in all competitions and scoring 3 goals, and played in the 1956 FA Cup final which Birmingham lost to Manchester City 3–1. He earned two England B caps in 1954, and was subsequently named in the full England squad which travelled to Switzerland for the 1954 FIFA World Cup. However, he never made a senior appearance for England. Green died in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, at the age of 77.
Honours.
Birmingham City

</doc>
<doc id="9782012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782012" title="Fontaines-d'Ozillac">
Fontaines-d'Ozillac

Fontaines-d'Ozillac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Geography.
The river Seugne forms most of the commune's eastern border.

</doc>
<doc id="9782034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782034" title="CD133">
CD133

CD133, originally known as AC133. CD133 is a glycoprotein also known in humans and rodents as Prominin 1 (PROM1). Currently the function of CD133 is unknown. It is a member of pentaspan transmembrane glycoproteins (5-transmembrane, 5-TM), which specifically localize to cellular protrusions. 
CD133 is expressed in hematopoietic stem cells, endothelial progenitor cells, glioblastoma, neuronal and glial stem cells, various pediatric brain tumors, as well as adult kidney, mammary glands, trachea, salivary glands, placenta, digestive tract, testes, and some other cell types.
Recent studies in brain tumors have identified a CD133+ cell population thought to be a cancer stem cell population, which is rare, undergoes self-renewal and differentiation, and can propagate tumors when injected into immune-compromised mice. However, subsequent studies have indicated the difficulty in isolating pure CSC populations.

</doc>
<doc id="9782041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782041" title="Martha Lara">
Martha Lara

Ambassador Martha I. Lara is a prominent Mexican career diplomat and politician.
Elected Federal Senator for the State of Chihuahua, she served her full six-year term from 1994 to 2000, becoming President of the Senate for the first period of ordinary sessions in 1995, and was Vice President of the Latin American Parliament from 1996 to 2000.
From 1994 to 2000, during her Senate mandate, Ambassador Lara was Secretary of the Foreign Affairs Global Commission and member of the Migration, Human Rights and Northern Border Affairs Commissions. From 1998 to 2000, she was Chairwoman of the important Foreign Affairs Commission for North America.
She had an active role in the U.S.-Mexico Inter-Parliamentary Meetings since 1997, presiding the meeting held in Savannah, Georgia and co-presiding the meetings held in the States of Puebla and Michoacán, Mexico. She participated in the World Inter-Parliamentary Union Conference in El Cairo, Egypt; in the Inter-Parliamentary Meeting of the European Union-Latin America in Caracas, Venezuela; and in the APEC Inter-Parliamentary Forum in Lima, Peru.
Within the government of the State of Chihuahua, she was both Secretary of State and Lieutenant Governor from 1986 to 1992, holding the position of Governor "Pro Tempore" (Interim Governor) during 1991, being the first female governor in that state's history. She also served as Chair of the Censor Committee for Public Works Proposals, Alternate President of the Population State Board, President of the Editorial Board of the Department of Labor and Social Services, President of the State Program Against Cholera, Coordinator of the State Program for Political Commitment and Chair of the State Commission for the Transition of Power.
In the Mexican Ministry of Foreign Affairs, she has held different posts since 1971: in the Department of Economic Affairs, the Under Secretariat of Foreign Relations and the General Directorates of the United Nations, Specialized Organizations and International Organizations. She also held the position of Deputy Mexican Representative before the Women’s Inter-American Commission of the Organization of American States, in Washington, D.C.
She has represented Mexico before relevant international forums such as the Preparation Committee of the United Nations World Conference on the Decade for Women in New York City, and Copenhagen, Denmark; the High-Level Meeting of the Non-Aligned Group on Women's Integration to Development in Havana, Cuba; the Permanent Conference on Women's Integration to Development in Latin America, the Commission of Labor for the Elaboration of the Preliminary Basic Plan, the Intergovernmental Regional Meeting on the Environment of Latin America and the Caribbean as well as the Intergovernmental Meeting on the Environmental Action Plan of the Caribbean.
Her diplomatic missions abroad includes posts as Consul of Mexico in Laredo, Houston, and El Paso, Texas. She has also headed the General Consulates in Seattle, Washington; Miami, Florida; Los Angeles, California; and San Antonio, Texas.
Ambassador Lara's final post in government was Secretary of Industrial Development of the State of Chihuahua. She is also a member of the Editorial Board of the Chihuahua Herald and author of the book "Chihuahua: Una Experiencia" ("Chihuahua: An Experience"). She is married to Pedro Sarkis, brother of the late Lebanese President Elias Sarkis.

</doc>
<doc id="9782058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782058" title="Guitinières">
Guitinières

Guitinières is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9782067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782067" title="Polemarchus">
Polemarchus

Polemarchus or Polemarch (; ; 5th century – 404 BCE) was an ancient Athenian philosopher from the Piraeus.
Life.
The son of Cephalus of Syracuse, Polemarchus had two brothers, the famous orator Lysias and Euthydemus, and a sister who married Brachyllus. Polemarchus and Lysias traveled to Thurii when the latter was 15 years old.
During the Athenian political upheaval in the late 5th century, Polemarchus was singled out by the Thirty Tyrants for being a wealthy metic. Unlike his brother, he did not manage to escape and was executed by being forced to drink hemlock. Melobius, one of the Thirty, snatched golden earrings from Polemarchus' wife. After Polemarchus' death, the Thirty forbade his family from holding a funeral in any of their houses. Plato's "Republic" is set at Polemarchus' house in the Piraeus, which was located next to their shield manufacturing store that employed 120 skilled slaves. Polemarchus himself speaks briefly in Book 1 of the "Republic".

</doc>
<doc id="9782070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782070" title="Lemon Sour">
Lemon Sour

Lemon Sour is a soda made by various vendors, often used in many mixed drinks.
Schweppes is sold by Coca Cola.
Canada Dry is sold by Dr Pepper/Seven Up.

</doc>
<doc id="9782082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782082" title="Pike Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Pike Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Pike Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 240 and it contained 108 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.86%) is land and (or 0.14%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9782090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782090" title="William Halsey (mayor)">
William Halsey (mayor)

William Halsey (1770 – August 16, 1843) was the first mayor of Newark, New Jersey serving from 1836 to 1837. He was 66 years of age and an attorney when elected. Halsey Street in downtown Newark is named after him. He also served as director of the The Newark Aqueduct Company.

</doc>
<doc id="9782105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782105" title="Felipe de Neve">
Felipe de Neve

Felipe de Neve (1724–1784) was a Spanish governor of Las Californias, an area that included present-day California (United States), Baja California (Mexico) and Baja California Sur (Mexico). His tenure as governor was from 1775 to 1782. Neve is considered a founder of Los Angeles, California and helped to settle Missions Santa Barbara and San José whose surrounding communities became California cities.
Career highlights.
First capital.
Felipe Neve was appointed governor of the Californias in 1775. For two years he was based at Loreto, Baja California but decided to establish the Californias' new capital at Monterey, California.
New settlements.
It was during Neve's administration that Lieutenant José Joaquín Moraga is credited with building the Presidio of San Francisco after the site was selected by Juan Bautista de Anza in 1776. Moraga is also known as the founder of "El Pueblo de San José de Guadalupe", today's San Jose, California. On 29 November 1777, Moraga founded San José on orders from Antonio María de Bucareli y Ursúa, Spanish Viceroy of New Spain. It was the first pueblo in the Spanish colony of Nueva California, which later became Alta California. The city served as a farming community to support the Presidio of San Francisco and the Presidio of Monterey. 
Later in Neve's tenure, he founded the pueblo of "Los Angeles". Neve applied to the viceroy for permission to establish a settlement where Father Juan Crespí met local Indians. With the viceroy's approval, Neve was granted authority from The Crown, Charles III of Spain, to found and establish "El Pueblo de Nuestra Señora la Reina de los Angeles del Río de Porciúncula". During Neve's tenure as governor, he quarreled constantly with Junípero Serra over the secularization of the Missions and the redistribution of land to the neophytes and soldiers.
Comandante general.
Neve's success as provincial governor won him promotion in 1783 to succeed Teodoro de Croix as Comandante General of the Provincias Internas, a position that had authority over all the northern provinces (including Las Californias). He held that position until his death in 1784. 
Bibliography.
Beilharz, Edwin A. "Felipe de Neve: First Governor of California". San Francisco: California Historical Society, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="9782111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782111" title="Pleasant Ridge Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Pleasant Ridge Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Pleasant Ridge Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 252 and it contained 90 housing units. Pleasant Ridge Township formed from Saunemin Township in April, 1859.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9782112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782112" title="Léoville">
Léoville

Léoville is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Geography.
The village lies in the middle of the commune, on the left bank of the Lariat, a stream tributary of the Seugne, which forms all of the commune's western border.

</doc>
<doc id="9782117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782117" title="Alfred Conkling Coxe, Sr.">
Alfred Conkling Coxe, Sr.

Alfred Conkling Coxe, Sr. (May 20, 1847 – April 15, 1923) was longtime a federal judge in New York.
Coxe was born in Auburn, New York. His legal career began with private practice in Utica from 1868. In 1870 he entered the firm of Conkling, Holmes & Coxe, of Utica, composed of Roscoe Conkling, then United States Senator, ex-Judge Sidney T. Holmes, and Mr. Coxe. He continued in private practice to 1882. He also served as manager of a state hospital in Utica 1880 to 1882.
In 1882, President Chester A. Arthur nominated Coxe as judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York. Coxe served as a trial-level judge of that court for twenty years, until 1902, when President Theodore Roosevelt promoted him to an appellate position on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, headquartered in Manhattan. Coxe served on that court for 15 years, retiring from the bench in 1917. He died in 1923.
Coxe was the grandson of Alfred Conkling, who served as a U.S. Representative from upstate New York and a judge in the Northern District, and nephew of Roscoe Conkling, who was a Congressman and Senator from New York and boss of the state's Republican political machine. He was also the nephew of Arthur Cleveland Coxe, the Episcopal bishop of Western New York, and grandson of abolitionist minister Samuel Hanson Cox. Coxe's son, Alfred Conkling Coxe, Jr., also became a federal judge, serving on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York from 1929 to 1957. Another son, Howard Coxe, was a newspaperman and novelist, and his grandson Louis O. Coxe was a poet and playwright best known for writing the Broadway version of Billy Budd.

</doc>
<doc id="9782135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782135" title="Pontiac Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Pontiac Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Pontiac Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 13,049 and it contained 5,179 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.42%) is land and (or 0.58%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9782142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782142" title="Law Reform Commission of New South Wales">
Law Reform Commission of New South Wales

The New South Wales Law Reform Commission is a commission to investigate, review and advise on the reform of the law in New South Wales, a state of Australia. The present commission came into existence on 25 September 1967 although it had been administratively established previously in 1966.
History.
There has been a history of law reform in common law countries such as Australia. Prior to the establishment of the commission, various parliamentary inquiries, "ad hoc" commissions (e.g., Commissioner's Bigg report into the New South Wales legal system in 1820), or panels had advised on law reform.
The commission was the first permanent body established in Australia to continually conduct and investigate law reform. It’s establishment is important as it was an independent body that could devote its deliberations full-time to examining law reform in the state 
The first real law reform commission in the state was one set up in 1870 by the New South Wales Legislative Assembly and set up by letters patent of 14 July 1870. The commission consisted of the five lawyers and the Chief Justice of New South Wales, Sir Alfred Stephen. This Commission prepared a draft bill to simplify equity procedure and indicated the need for consolidation and reform of lunacy, insolvency and jury laws. Its only success came long after the body lapsed with the eventual enactment of part of its proposed Criminal Law Consolidation and Amendment Bill in the Criminal Law Amendment Act of 1883.
Constitution.
The commission is established under the Law Reform Commission Act 1967 (NSW). The Governor of New South Wales may appoint a chairperson of the commission. The current chairperson is James Roland Wood.
The governor may also appoint deputy chairpersons of the commission.
The governor must also appoint two other commissioners to the commission. Both the chairperson and the commissioners must be:
(a) is or was the holder of a judicial office;
(b) has experience as an Australian legal practitioner in legal practice;
(c) has experience as a teacher of law; or, 
(d) has academic attainment in law.
Commissioners may be appointed as full-time or part-time commissioners.
Functions.
Under the Law Reform Commission Act, the commission may make interim and final reports on any of its work. The Attorney General of New South Wales may also direct the commission to make a report. The commission is also required to make an annual report on its work during the year. For the commission, the year starts in July and ends in the following June. The report is furnished to the Attorney-General who may then table the report in the New South Wales Parliament.
Work of the commission.
Some of the recent reports of the commission include reports on Uniform Evidence Law, majority verdicts, uniform Succession Laws, family provision, and expert Witnesses.

</doc>
<doc id="9782160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782160" title="Reading Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Reading Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Reading Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,046 and it contained 983 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.71%) is land and (or 0.29%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9782172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782172" title="Lussac, Charente-Maritime">
Lussac, Charente-Maritime

Lussac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France. Lussac is the least populated commune in the canton of Jonzac.
Geography.
The village lies above the right bank of the Seugne, which forms most of the commune's western border.

</doc>
<doc id="9782179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782179" title="Panmixia">
Panmixia

Panmixia (or panmixis) means "random mating".
A "panmictic population" is one where all individuals are potential partners. This assumes that there are no mating restrictions, neither genetic nor behavioural, upon the population, and that therefore all recombination is possible. The Wahlund effect assumes that the overall population is panmictic.
In genetics, "random mating" involves the mating of individuals regardless of any physical, genetic, or social preference. In other words, the mating between two organisms is not influenced by any environmental, hereditary, or social interaction. Hence, potential mates have an equal chance of being selected. Random mating is a factor assumed in the Hardy-Weinberg principle and is distinct from lack of natural selection: in viability selection for instance, selection occurs "before" mating.
Description.
In simpler terms, it is the ability of individuals in a population to move about freely within their habitat, possibly over a range of hundreds to thousands of miles, and thus breed with other members of the population that defines panmixia (or panmicticism).
To signify the importance of this, imagine several different finite populations of the same species (for example: a grazing herbivore), isolated from each other by some physical characteristic of the environment (dense forest areas separating grazing lands). As time progresses, natural selection and genetic drift will slowly move each population toward genetic differentiation that would make each population genetically unique (that could eventually lead to speciation events or extirpation).
However, if the separating factor is removed before this happens (ex. a road is cut through the forest), and the individuals are allowed to move about freely, the individual populations will still be able to interbreed. As the species's populations interbreed over time, they become more genetically uniform, functioning again as a single panmictic population.
In attempting to describe the mathematical properties of structured populations, Sewall Wright proposed a "factor of Panmixia" (P) to include in the equations describing the gene frequencies in a population, and accounting for a population's tendency towards panmixia, while a "factor of Fixation" (F) would account for a population's departure from the Hardy-Weinberg expectation, due to less than panmictic mating. In this formulation, the two quantities are complementary, i.e. P = 1 - F. From this factor of fixation, he later developed the F statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="9782198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782198" title="Rooks Creek Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Rooks Creek Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Rooks Creek Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 567 and it contained 233 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9782201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782201" title="Malkot">
Malkot

Malkot is a village of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. Until the local government reforms of 2000 it was a Union Councils of the district.
History.
Malkot is a remote village of Hazara in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa. Historically this area mostly populated by Muslims; it is claimed that these people migrated from Arabia for the sake of religious preachings. The Abbasi tribe is the major tribe here.
Development.
Although Malkot is a remote village it has produced doctors, judge, teachers and advocates who have been serving in different cities. Family of Master Muhammad Nabi Khan is known to be well and highly educated family since long. Sons of Master Muhammad Nabi Khan namely Muhammad Aurangzeb Abbasi and Muhammad Zahoor Abbasi have served in teaching departments of KPK. Muhammad Zulfiqar Abbasi Habib ur Rehman abbasi are practicing supreme court lawyers. Dr. Aziz un Nissa Abbasi is daughter of Muhammad Aurangzeb Abbasi is HOD of OBG department at Ayub Medical Complex Abbottabad. Brother of Dr. Aziz un Nisa Justice Muhammad Tariq Abbasi is serving justice of Lahore high court. One of the grand son of Master Muhammad Nabi Khan and son of Muhammad Zahoor Abbasi Advocate Dr. Azhar Zahoor Abbasi has done Phd in nanotechnology from Germany and now days serving in Canada. Hence, Malkot is notable for having produced many politicians and also many other professionals like judges, doctors, engineers, and successful businessmen. Sardar Mehtab Khan remains Chief Minister of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa for more than three years during the government of PML(N)and is serving governor of KPK from 2014.
In comparison to neighbouring villages such as Riala, Palak, Kalaban, Khushikot, Arwar and Longal, Malkot is well developed. Mehtab Ahmed Khan became the 22nd chief minister of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa on the 21 February 1997, taking over from Raja Sikander Zaman, and served until 12 October 1992. During his tenure he claimed that he invested heavily in area of Circle Bakote, a relatively poor and underdeveloped area. During this time, he electrified many areas, provided facilities such as telephone lines, water supply schemes, link roads, like the Kohala - Moolia road, Sowargali - Boi road, Birote - Berote Khurd, and the Osia - Malkot road. He constructed the Murree - Abbottabad road as a motorway and upgraded high schools in Ayubia, Birote and Bakote.
People of the constituency still do not agree with the developmental work carried out by CM, being a CM he could have done a lot more than what was actually done and what was claimed. Dividing Abbottabad district to sub Tahseels was one of the major demand community at large was dreaming for but was overturned.
People of this village are spread all over the world and doing very well in all walks of life.
Van service are available for Rawalpindi and Islamabad, travelling to Islamabad by road from Malkot takes two hours.
The Lower Malkot area has a Ptcl exchange there additionally, all Pakistani mobile phone companies service are available at Malkot.although it is the village of ex cm and present governor of kpk but there is no college,universty and hospital for the people of malkot...incase of emergency people have to suffer a lot..many people die while moving to islb or rwp for the sake of treatment or first aid...
Location.
Malkot is located in the south-eastern part of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and forms part of the border with Punjab province, (it borders the Murree Tehsil of Rawalpindi District). Neighbouring union councils are Nathia Gali to the west.the most beautiful part of malkot is kayya..the tribe of cricket lovers..kkr is one of the best and famous cricket team of malkot live in this part...there is no cricket ground in whole uc plak but people love to play in kalay parh
Tribes.
The main tribe of this area is the Dhond Abbasi.
Climate.
Malkot is a mountainous area, with lots of Pine, plum, orange, and apple trees. Like Abbottabad District as whole it has ideal climate conditions. Compared to the rest of the country - the summers are mild and pleasant - and also snow falls in winter.
Education.
The most popular school of the area is KOHSAR PUBLIC SCHOOL and ROSE PUBLIC SCHOOL which is now also KOHSAR PUBLIC SCHOOL. There are few private schools but no college for higher education, for higher education students of Malkot travel a lot, sometimes they have to stay in hostels or at relatives who live near the college.
In the religious sector Malkot is most advanced in Islamic studies lot of Islamic madrassas in lower and upper village anda mosque one of them newly reconstructed in upper Malkot
this is the village of ex cm of kpk but still there is no college or universty for villagers..the people suffer a lot..they have interest in studies but due to no facilities.they choose other professions like child labour etc...
Livelihood.
Many people from this area have settled in Islamabad, others work in the cities whilst their families still live in the villages of Malkot. There are a range of different occupations - like hotel management, running General Stores and so on, while others go abroad to earn their livelihood .And near malkot khushikot, khushikot is famous village in galiat . khushikot people are educated,there is a famous school in abbottabad, the school name is Al-Ghazali Public school .

</doc>
<doc id="9782207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782207" title="Meux">
Meux

Meux is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.

</doc>
<doc id="9782219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782219" title="Round Grove Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Round Grove Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Round Grove Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 371 and it contained 168 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9782221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782221" title="Ignacy Feliks Dobrzyński">
Ignacy Feliks Dobrzyński

Ignacy Feliks Dobrzyński (15 February 1807 – 9 October 1867) was a Polish pianist and composer.
Life.
Dobrzyński was born in Romanów, in Volhynia, now Romaniv ukr. Романів, between the 1933-2003 it was known as Дзержинськ – Dzerżynśk)Dserschynsk, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.
He attended a Jesuit school in Romanów, then continued his education at Vinnitsa, where he graduated from the "Gimnazjum Podolskie" (Podole "Gymnasium").
He first studied music with his father Ignacy, a violinist, composer and music director. Beginning in 1825 he studied in Warsaw with Józef Elsner, at first privately, then in 1826–28 at the Warsaw Conservatory, where he was a classmate of Frédéric Chopin's.
Dobrzyński toured Germany as a soloist and also conducted operas and concerts.
In 1857 he founded "Ignacy Feliks Dobrzyński's Polish Orchestra" "(Orkiestra Polska Ignacego Feliksa Dobrzyńskiego)", which comprised leading members of the orchestra of Warsaw's Grand Theatre. In 1858–60 he participated in a committee established to found a Music Institute. He also became a member of the Lwów Music Society.
He died in Warsaw.
Works.
Dobrzyński's compositions included:
One of his crowning successes was his "Symfonia charakterystyczna" (Characteristic Symphony, 1831), which won a prize in Vienna in 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="9782226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782226" title="Lil Stoner">
Lil Stoner

Ulysses Simpson Grant "Lil" Stoner (February 28, 
1899 - June 26, 1966) born in Bowie, Texas was a pitcher for the Detroit Tigers (1922 and 1924–29), Pittsburgh Pirates (1930) and Philadelphia Phillies (1931).
In 9 seasons he had a 50–58 Win-Loss record, 229 Games, 111 Games Started, 45 Complete Games, 1 Shutout, 72 Games Finished, 14 Saves, 1,003 ⅔ Innings Pitched, 1,180 Hits Allowed, 623 Runs Allowed, 531 Earned Runs Allowed, 62 Home Runs Allowed, 374 Walks Allowed, 299 Strikeouts, 28 Hit Batsmen, 24 Wild Pitches, 4,492 Batters Faced, 1 Balk and a 4.76 ERA.
He was an avid grower of irises and was an accredited Judge of the American Iris Society. Source: Bulletin of the American Iris Society, Number 183, October 1966, Page 94.
He died in Enid, Oklahoma at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="9782228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782228" title="Sarah Foret">
Sarah Foret

Sarah Elizabeth Foret (born December 3, 1984) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Sophie Kerr in "Beautiful People".

</doc>
<doc id="9782238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782238" title="Saunemin Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Saunemin Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Saunemin Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 666 and it contained 281 housing units. It is named after, and contains, Saunemin, Illinois.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9782271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782271" title="Page County High School">
Page County High School

Page County High School is a public secondary school located in Shenandoah, Virginia. The dedication of the building in 1961 brought together students from the former Shenandoah and Stanley high schools. It is one of the few five-year high schools in the United States, with grade levels 9-12 (freshmen through seniors), and has an enrollment of approximately 700 students. The feeder schools are Shenandoah Elementary, and Stanley Elementary. Page County High School has an auditorium that can hold approx. 700 people, a gym with two side of retractable bleachers, a full library, a cafeteria that feeds students three periods each day, and five fully loaded computer labs. In 2005 a distance learning lab was instituted that allows students and teachers to communicate with Luray High School in real time. The school's mascot is the Panther, and athletic fans are said to have "panther pride."
Major Renovations of Page County High School took place during the summer of 2002. The front facade, doors, and windows were replaced, and many interior changes were made. There are seven permanent annexes behind the school that house math and foreign language classes. 
Athletic ComplexPage County High School houses an exquisite athletic complex, which hosts all of the school's sports. In front of the school are the Baseball and Football fields, as well as the track, which circles the football field. Unlike many tracks, Page County's track is not regulation length, therefore all running events start and end differently. The school's softball field is on a hill behind the high school. The cross country course begins and ends on the football field, but runs through nearby woods and around two large fields, one behind the school and one adjacent to the baseball field. Basketball and volleyball are both played inside the school's gym. The school's golf team practices and plays home matches at the Luray Caverns Country Club.
New Construction.
In August 2006, the Page County Board of Supervisors approved construction of two new high schools in the county. These plans would turn the current Page County High School building into a middle school. The groundbreaking was in November 2006, and the school is scheduled to be completed for the opening of the 2009-2010 school year.
The New PCHS.
In September 2009, The New Page County High School opened its doors, and will see its first class of Seniors, the class of 2010 graduate in June 2010. The new building is located directly above the old PCHS; which now houses Page County Middle School (PCMS).

</doc>
<doc id="9782279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782279" title="Phanar Greek Orthodox College">
Phanar Greek Orthodox College

Phanar Greek Orthodox College (), known in Greek as the Great School of the Nation (, "Megáli toú Genous Skholí") is the oldest surviving and most prestigious Greek Orthodox school in Istanbul, Turkey. The school, like all minority schools in Turkey, is a secular school.
Established in 1454 by Matheos Kamariotis, it soon became the school of the prominent Greek (Phanariotes) and Bulgarian families in the Ottoman Empire, and many Ottoman ministers as well as Wallachian and Moldavian princes appointed by the Ottoman state, such as Dimitrie Cantemir, graduated from it.
The current school building is located near the Church of St. George in the neighborhood of Fener (Phanar in Greek), which is the seat of the Patriarchate. It is known among the locals with nicknames such as "The Red Castle" and "The Red School".
Designed by the Ottoman Greek architect Konstantinos Dimadis, the building was erected between 1881 and 1883 with an eclectic mix of different styles and at a cost of 17,210 Ottoman gold pounds, a huge sum for that period. The money was given by Georgios Zariphis, a prominent Greek Ottoman banker and financier belonging to the "Rum" community of Istanbul. Despite its function as a school, the building is often referred to as "the 5th largest castle in Europe" because of its castle-like shape. The large dome at the top of the building is used as an observatory for astronomy classes and has a large antique telescope inside.
Today the school, which is the "second largest" school after the Zografeion Lyceum, has six Turkish teachers, while the remaining fifteen are Greek. The school (like all minority schools, as it is compulsory by law) applies the full Turkish curriculum in addition to Greek subjects: Greek language, literature and religion.

</doc>
<doc id="9782285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782285" title="Teutonia">
Teutonia

Teutonia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9782313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782313" title="Sullivan Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Sullivan Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Sullivan Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 724 and it contained 354 housing units. Sullivan Township formed from Saunemin Township in 1863.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9782330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782330" title="Chiquinho (novel)">
Chiquinho (novel)

Chiquinho is a Capeverdean novel written by Baltasar Lopes da Silva in 1947. The probability of the literary work is the most common in Cape Verde, it marked the beginning of the typical literature in Cape Verde along with local themes in Creole culture, Along with "Claridade", Baltazar Lopes participated with Manuel Lopes and Jorge Barbosa with founded members of the review and the name was the movement in the main activists of the same.

</doc>
<doc id="9782335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782335" title="MoA">
MoA

MoA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9782342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782342" title="Sunbury Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Sunbury Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Sunbury Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 229 and it contained 103 housing units. Contains 1,035 square miles of territory.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9782346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782346" title="Lamprocles">
Lamprocles

Lamprocles () was Socrates and Xanthippe's eldest son. His two brothers were Menexenus and Sophroniscus. Lamprocles was only a boy (μειράκιον "meirakion") at the time of Socrates' trial and death. According to Aristotle, Socrates' descendants as a whole turned out to be unremarkable: "silly and dull".

</doc>
<doc id="9782355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782355" title="E-Foundation for Cancer Research">
E-Foundation for Cancer Research

E-Foundation for Cancer Research is online and non-profit foundation for cancer research.This foundation provides free,professional cancer research courses that aim to enhance the knowledge and skills of health professionals and anyone concerned with the care of cancer patients. 
Benefits of E-Foundation for Cancer Research.
they are freely available to a global body of learners; 
they are flexible: learners can engage in the courses, and assess their understanding, at their own pace and from anywhere that they enjoy an Internet connection; 
they are authoritative and reliable, authored and developed by specialists in their field.

</doc>
<doc id="9782372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782372" title="Union Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Union Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Union Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 240 and it contained 98 housing units. Union Township formed from Odell Township in 1864.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.91%) is land and (or 0.09%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9782401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782401" title="Waldo Township, Livingston County, Illinois">
Waldo Township, Livingston County, Illinois

Waldo Township is located in Livingston County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 255 and it contained 100 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9782426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782426" title="Zulian">
Zulian

The Zulians () are people of Western Venezuela from Zulia State. They're often referred as "Maracuchos" or "Marabines". Like most Latin Americans, Zulians are "Mestizos" of Spanish, Italian and Amerindian descent.

</doc>
<doc id="9782427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782427" title="BP Fallon">
BP Fallon

BP Fallon (born 24 August 1946) is an Irish DJ, author, photographer, and musician. He currently lives in Austin, Texas.
Life.
At a young age Fallon became a famous personality and broadcaster in Ireland, later moving on to music journalism and photography.
In the late 1960s Fallon moved to London to pursue his journalism career. In March 1969 he scored a coup - an interview with John Lennon at the 'bed-in' in Amsterdam - which was published in the Melody Maker. This led to a further Lennon interview and a job at Apple Records working with publicist Derek Taylor. In 1970 he appeared on Top of the Pops miming the Bass Guitar in the Plastic Ono Band's performance of "Instant Karma!".
Fallon then became publicist for Thin Lizzy and T. Rex - for whom he coined the term "T.Rextasy". He worked and toured with Led Zeppelin during the band's heyday in the 1970s. During the punk rock years he represented Ian Dury.
Fallon returned to Irish Radio in the 80s and, in 1986, Fallon won a Jacob's Award for his RTÉ 2fm show, "The BP Fallon Orchestra".
In the early 1990s, Fallon toured with and DJ'd for U2 on their Zoo TV Tour and wrote a book/journal about his experiences called "U2 Faraway So Close". He then started up a multinational club "Death Disco" with Alan McGee, which was variously located in Dublin, London, New York, and sundry other locations. Later in the 2000s he has DJ'd on the road with the groups My Bloody Valentine and The Kills.
In December 2009 he released a solo record "Fame#9" - a collaboration with Jack White on his label Third Man Records. The 7" single is notable for being "3-sided" - the b-side has separate tracks recorded on the left and right stereo channels.
Fallon then went on to perform on stage with varying lineups before forming BP Fallon & The Bandits with Aaron Lee Tasjan (guitar), plus Nigel Harrison (bass) and Clem Burke (drums) both from Blondie. In 2013 the band released their debut album "Still Legal" on their own Vibrosonic Records. The album included additional playing by Ian McLagan of the Small Faces.
In March 2014 he appeared at SXSW with the group Ghost Wolves, as well as The Strypes performing the song Vicious at a Lou Reed memorial concert.

</doc>
<doc id="9782429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782429" title="The Sea Beast">
The Sea Beast

The Sea Beast is a 1926 silent film adaptation of the novel "Moby Dick" by Herman Melville, a story about a monomaniacal hunt for a great white whale. However, the film alters the novel's plotline by establishing prequel (the romancing of Esther) and sequel (Ahab's safe return) elements that are not in the original story, and substitutes a happy ending for Melville's original tragic one.
Some of the characters in the film do not appear in Melville's original novel.
Plot summary.
At the beginning of the story, Ahab (John Barrymore) and his half brother Derek (George O'Hara) compete for the affections of a winsome minister's daughter, Esther Wiscasset (Dolores Costello). Meanwhile, the albino whale has been eluding harpooners, and bears the scars of many failed attacks against him. His fame has reached epic proportions. One day, Ahab and Derek are on the same whaler as the whale heaves into view. Ahab raises his harpoon to kill the beast, but at that moment, Derek pushes him overboard and Ahab loses a right leg to the whale. Not long after this incident, the shallow Esther rebuffs Ahab as her suitor once she catches sight of his peg leg. Heartbroken at this turn of events, Ahab blames neither Esther nor his brother - instead he transfers blame and an undying hatred onto the whale. The following saga of Ahab's pursuit of the whale takes on the aura of a super-human quest, far beyond the proportions of its first motivation.
Production and release.
"John Barrymore" signed a three film contract with Warner Brothers in 1925 after the success of 1924's Beau Brummel. Barrymore had always wanted to do a film version of Moby Dick and insisted on making this film first rather than the prospected first contract film Don Juan. In retrospect and because of this delay, "Don Juan" became the first Warner feature to have the Vitaphone soundtrack rather than "The Sea Beast".
One of the most popular of Barrymore's films, this version extends the story beyond the final battle of man versus whale in a variation on Melville's book. Adding publicity to the film was a bit of early Hollywood hype, unintentional though it may seem: the actress Priscilla Bonner was fired by Barrymore from the role of Wiscasset, in preference for his lover, actress Dolores Costello, and Bonner successfully sued the studio and won a considerable out-of-court settlement.
Due to the popularity of this film, an all-talking version was released in 1930 under Melville's original book title, with Barrymore again in the role of Captain Ahab. The 1930 film used the plotline of "The Sea Beast" rather than following Melville's novel. A German-language version, "Daemon des Mers", was filmed simultaneously in Hollywood by Warner Bros. It was directed by William Dieterle, beginning his American career.

</doc>
<doc id="9782465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782465" title="Larry Robinson (basketball)">
Larry Robinson (basketball)

Larry Robinson (born ) is an American professional basketball player, 6'5" tall, at the shooting guard position, formerly in the NBA. Born in Bossier City, Louisiana, he played collegiately 2 seasons (1986/87-1987/88) at Eastern Oklahoma State College (community college) and then 2 seasons (1988/89-1989/90) at the Centenary College of Louisiana. Afterwards he played professionally with eight different NBA teams (Washington Bullets, Golden State Warriors, Boston Celtics, Houston Rockets, Vancouver Grizzlies, Atlanta Hawks, Cleveland Cavaliers, and New York Knicks) intermittently from 1990/01 to 2001/02, having not been drafted but beginning in 1990/91 as free agent. He also played in CBA, IBL, USBL, and abroad in Europe (France, Spain), the Philippines, Venezuela and Puerto Rico.
He now works for Horseshoe Casino and Hotel in Bossier City, Louisiana as Director of Player Development.

</doc>
<doc id="9782483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782483" title="The Coronation Triumph">
The Coronation Triumph

The Coronation Triumph is a Jacobean era literary work, usually classed as an "entertainment," written by Ben Jonson for the coronation of King James I and performed on March 15th, 1604. Jonson's work was half of a total performance, the other half written by Thomas Dekker. The work was especially significant in the developing literary career of Jonson, in that it marked the commencement of his role as a writer of masques and entertainments for the Stuart Court, a role he would fill for the next three decades.
The entertainment "confusingly goes by several names" – including "The King's Entertainment," and "Part of the King's Entertainment in Passing to His Coronation." Under the latter title, Jonson's work was entered into the Stationers' Register on March 19th, 1604, and published later that year along with another of his Stuart entertainments, "The Entertainment at Althorp," in a quarto printed by Valentine Simmes for the bookseller Edward Blount. The work was reprinted in the first folio collection of Jonson's works in 1616, and was included in the collected works thereafter. (Dekker's portion, which included contributions from Thomas Middleton, John Webster, and Stephen Harrison, was published separately in the same year, as "The Magnificent Entertainment Given to King James.")
Jonson's text is dominated by a range of mythological figures (Euphrosyne; Plutus; others) and personifications (Agape; Eudaimonia; Eleutheria; Theosophia; Tamesis, for the River Thames; others) reciting the praises of the new monarch. It was performed while James's coronation procession passed through a series of triumphal arches.
Jonson's first attempt to win royal patronage had not been a success: his play "Cynthia's Revels" was a failure when acted at Court in 1601, and led to no preferment from Queen Elizabeth. His luck with the new dynasty was much better: Jonson composed several more entertainments in the early Jacobean era, and in 1605 his first masque, "The Masque of Blackness," was presented at Whitehall Palace. From that time down to "Chloridia" in 1631, Jonson was the primary author of masques for the Stuart Court.

</doc>
<doc id="9782487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782487" title="Brooklyn Heights (disambiguation)">
Brooklyn Heights (disambiguation)

Brooklyn Heights is the name of several places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="9782491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782491" title="James Roland Wood">
James Roland Wood

The Honourable James Roland Tomson Wood AO, QC is the chairman of Law Reform Commission of New South Wales, the chairman of the New South Wales Sentencing Council, the Inspector of the Police Integrity Commission and a former judge in Australia.
Early years.
He was born in Sydney in 1941.
He attended Knox Grammar and Sydney University graduating with the University Medal in Law in 1964.
Career.
He was admitted as a solicitor of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in 1964. He was called to the bar in 1970 and subsequently became a queens counsel.
He was appointed a judge of the Supreme Court of New South Wales in 1984 and became the Chief Judge at Common Law in 1984 before retiring in 2005.
He served as chairman of the Law Reform Commission of New South Wales between 1982 and 1984.
During his time as a judge, he served as a royal commissioner in the New South Wales police royal commission.
He is currently a judge of the Fiji Court of Appeal.
He is currently the chairman of both the New South Wales Law Reform Commission and the New South Wales Sentencing Council.
In November 2008 he released the Report of the Special Commission of Inquiry into Child Protection Services in NSW. The inquiry reported on what changes were required within the child protection system to improve the safety of children and families in NSW.
Honours.
He received an AO in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9782495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782495" title="Delaware Route 9A">
Delaware Route 9A

Delaware Route 9A (DE 9A) is a two- to four-lane road in Wilmington, Delaware that serves as the primary access route to the Port of Wilmington as well as provide access to Interstate 495 (I-495). The official designation of the route runs along Terminal Avenue between DE 9 and the Port of Wilmington, interchanging with I-495. Signage has the route continuing north along Christiana Avenue to an intersection with U.S. Route 13 (US 13) and DE 9 for a total length of . Christiana Avenue originally became a state highway in the 1920s, becoming a part of US 40 that connected to a ferry across the Delaware River to Penns Grove, New Jersey. US 40 was removed from this road in the 1930s and it later became part of DE 48, which was subsequently removed in the 1950s following the discontinuance of the ferry. DE 9A was designated by 1971.
Route description.
DE 9A begins at an intersection with DE 9 in Wilmington, heading east-southeast as two-lane undivided Terminal Avenue through residential areas. The road widens into a four-lane divided highway and comes to an interchange with I-495. Past I-495, the road heads through industrial areas, becoming an undivided road as it crosses over Norfolk Southern's New Castle Secondary railroad line at a grade crossing. The road crosses another railroad branch before reaching the entrance to the Port of Wilmington at the Christiana Avenue intersection. At this point, DelDOT officially marks the end of DE 9A, but signage shows it turning north onto Christiana Avenue.
DE 9A proceeds north-northwest as a two-lane road, passing through more industrial areas and crossing under I-495 again, this time underneath of the I-495 bridge over the Christina River. After this, the route crosses over both the Norfolk Southern's New Castle Secondary and Shellpot Branch at grade crossings in marshland. The road continues between urban residential and commercial areas to the west and industrial areas to the east before terminating at both US 13 and DE 9 near the Christina River drawbridge leading into Wilmington's central business district.
DE 9A has an annual average daily traffic count of 8,527 vehicles along Terminal Avenue. The portion of DE 9A along Terminal Avenue between I-495 and the entrance to the Port of Wilmington at Christiana Avenue is part of the National Highway System.
History.
What is now DE 9A was a county road by 1920. By 1924, the Christiana Avenue portion of the route was constructed as a state highway. Christiana Avenue became a portion of US 40 in 1926, running from US 13 to a ferry that went across the Delaware River to Penns Grove, New Jersey. By 1931, US 40 was removed from this road. The road became the easternmost portion of DE 48 by 1936, which crossed the Delaware River on the ferry to connect to New Jersey Route 48 in Penns Grove. DE 48 was removed from this road by 1952 after the ferry between Wilmington and Penns Grove was discontinued in 1949. DE 9A was designated around 1971 onto its current alignment.

</doc>
<doc id="9782496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782496" title="Trinity Catholic High School (Florida)">
Trinity Catholic High School (Florida)

Trinity Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic college preparatory day school in Ocala, Florida. It is operated by the Congregation of Christian Brothers. Located in the Diocese of Orlando, Trinity Catholic is the first and only Catholic high school in metropolitan Ocala.
School history.
Trinity was built with money raised from local donors. The school opened in 2001 in portable classrooms until the facility was completed in 2002.
Trinity Catholic was voted best of best schools in Central Florida in 2012.
Sports.
On January 6, 2011, the mayor declared January 6 as Trinity Catholic Celtics Day, in honor of Trinity Catholic sports teams.
Trinity Catholic won the FHSAA Football State Championship in 2005 and 2010, and appeared in the title game in 2006 and 2008. 
Trinity Catholic's girl's soccer team won the FHSAA Soccer State Championship in 2013, and appeared in it again in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9782501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782501" title="Monash University Regiment">
Monash University Regiment

The Monash University Regiment was an officer training regiment of the Australian Army, based in Victoria near Monash University. It was a direct command training unit of the 4th Brigade, and part of the 2nd Division, it was responsible for training of ARes officer cadets (OCDTs) for graduation as lieutenants, and provided driver training and promotion courses for junior non commissioned officers.
The regiment was named in honour of General Sir John Monash, one of Australia's most famous soldiers and arguably one of the most effective commanders on the Western Front during World War I. Its last Commanding Officer was Lieutenant Colonel Margaret Sorial, and the last Honorary Colonel was Major General Greg Garde.
History.
The regiment, which is known as MONUR (not to be confused with MUR, being Melbourne University Regiment), traces its origins back to 23 April 1966, when Monash University Company was formed as a detachment of MUR. On 23 February 1970 it ceased to be the Monash University Company of MUR, and became a regiment in its own right. As a training unit, MONUR does not carry any battle honours on its Colours which are laid up in the Religious Centre on the Clayton campus of Monash University. However, past and present members of the unit have been involved in every major Australian deployment since 1966 with a large number of members assisting in natural disaster relief, including the Black Saturday bushfires.
Since its formation the Regiment enjoyed a loose association with Monash University, with a majority of officer cadets also studying at the university. This relationship has not always proved an easy one, especially during the Vietnam War-era when Monash University's Clayton campus was a hotbed of student activism.
In 2013, MONUR was amalgamated with Melbourne University Regiment under Plan Beesheba.
Structure.
Immediately prior to its removal from the order of battle, the Regiment was structured into a Regimental (Battalion) Headquarters and two sub-units: Cadet Company and Logistic Support Company. Cadet Company contained all the officer cadets undertaking the commissioning course to become commissioned officers in the Australian Army. The Logistic Support Company provided training and logistic support to the Regiment, particularly to the Cadet Company training program in support of the First Appointment Course to train reservists as commissioned officers. Logistic Support Company consisted of a catering cell, a rifle section for demonstration and OPFOR purposes, Q store, a transport section, and administration cell.
Monash University Regiment sent approximately 10 Staff Cadets each to the Royal Military College - Duntroon (RMC-D) each year to complete this part-time officer course, graduates of which were commissioned as Lieutenants at Duntroon before being allocated to their Corps and posted to their first unit. For much of the 2000s decade, MONUR came under command of the Royal Military College of Australia, a brigade-sized formation that included RMC-D and all university regiments in the Australian Army.
Traditions.
The regiment's motto is "Ancora Imparo" which is attributed to Michelangelo and translates as "I am still learning", which is also the University's motto. Members of the Regiment wear an Academic Blue (or Cambridge Blue) lanyard which signifies the unit's link with Monash University, which in turn adopted many of the traditions of Cambridge University. The regimental badge is backed by a red "aura" which signifies the alliance of MONUR with the British Army's Light Infantry, now amalgamated into The Rifles.
MONUR enjoyed a healthy rivalry with its larger counterpart, MUR. All new inductees to the Officer Cadet's Mess (named in honour of Lieutenant David Sabben, MG) were required to denounce any allegiance to the sister unit. The regiment's mascot was a black sheep (ram) indicative of the status and culture of the Regiment as a historical formation within MUR. The unofficial mascot of MONUR's Cadet Company was a comical orange stuffed toy known as "The Muppet", with the worthiest Officer Cadet guarding this revered figure at all times.
MONUR's regimental quick march is "Imperial Echoes", which was composed by Arnold Safroni in 1913 and used as the signature tune of the BBC Newsreel feature during World War II.
Alumni.
Former unit members and graduates include:

</doc>
<doc id="9782512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782512" title="List of cities and counties in North Alabama">
List of cities and counties in North Alabama

This is a list of the cities and counties located in North Alabama, in the U.S. State of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="9782524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782524" title="Soda sữa hột gà">
Soda sữa hột gà

Soda sữa hột gà, also known as egg soda is a sweet drink made from egg yolk, sweetened condensed milk, and club soda. The beverage is of Vietnamese origin, though it is also consumed in Cambodia. There are variations of this drink, made with different eggs but most commonly used is a quail egg.
It is often sold at Vietnamese supermarkets, or other Asian markets and comes in a can. It also can be found freshly made at some Vietnamese restaurants. The drink may also be called "Soda Egg Milk" in English at such restaurants.
Soda sữa hột gà shares some similarities with egg cream, a fountain beverage of New York City origin, though egg cream contains no eggs, and no historical link between the two has been proposed.

</doc>
<doc id="9782527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782527" title="Peter Forrest">
Peter Forrest

Peter James Forrest (born 15 November 1985, in Windsor, New South Wales) is a professional Australian cricketer who currently plays for the Queensland Bulls. With a rookie contract in the 2006-07 season, Forrest made his first-class debut for New South Wales against Queensland on 1 March 2007. In this match he scored an impressive 40 in the first innings and remained unbeaten on 5 in the second innings. After solid performances in early Pura Cup games, outstanding results in the Cricket Australia Cup and notable consistency for Hawkesbury in Grade Cricket, Forrest received his first full contract for New South Wales ahead of the 2007-08 season.
Forrest made his List A debut against Western Australia on 12 October 2007, scoring 5 in a steep run chase.
On 20 November 2007, Forrest scored his first first-class century against Tasmania at the Sydney Cricket Ground, hitting 177 runs including 21 fours and two sixes.
On 22 February 2010 it was announced that Forrest would be the professional for Lancashire League side Nelson Cricket Club for the 2010 season.
Forrest moved from New South Wales to the Queensland Bulls from the 2011–12 Australian season.
Peter Forrest has a tattoo of his mother's name, Vanda, on his right arm, in memory of her, after she died of cancer when he was 18 years old. 
Contrary to recent popular belief, he has never been a Bondi lifesaver.
International career.
On 30 January 2012, Forrest was selected in the 14 man One Day International squad for Australia, to take part in the tri series against India and Sri Lanka. This came after many impressive performances with both the Bulls and Brisbane's Big Bash League side the Brisbane Heat, which he captained for the majority of the tournament in injured skipper James Hopes' place. 
On 12 February 2012, Peter Forrest made his ODI debut against India at the Adelaide Oval. In his debut innings he scored 66 runs of 83 balls. 
<br> He hit his second ODI fifty against India on 19 February 2012 at the Gabba. He scored 52 runs off 71 balls before being dismissed by Irfan Pathan. 
He scored his first One Day international century against Sri Lanka at the Bellerive Oval in Hobart on 24 February 2012.
One Day International centuries.
The following table illustrates a summary of the ODI centuries scored by Peter Forrest.

</doc>
<doc id="9782548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782548" title="Tipsy (band)">
Tipsy (band)

Tipsy is an electronic music band, formed by Tim Digulla and David Gardner in San Francisco, CA in 1996. Their music is a quirky blend of lounge and experimental sound collage.

</doc>
<doc id="9782565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782565" title="1989 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G">
1989 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Super G

Men's Super G World Cup 1988/1989
Final point standings.
In Men's Super G World Cup 1988/89 all four results count.
Men's Super G Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9782643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782643" title="Vanadium oxide">
Vanadium oxide

Vanadium oxide may refer to:
In addition to these principal oxides of vanadium, various other distinct phases exist:
Many vanadium-oxygen phases are non-stoichiometric.

</doc>
<doc id="9782651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782651" title="Hazardous Inflight Weather Advisory Service">
Hazardous Inflight Weather Advisory Service

Hazardous Inflight Weather Advisory Service (HIWAS) is a continuous broadcast of hazardous weather information which is transmitted over selected VORs. This hazardous weather includes AIRMETs, SIGMETs, Convective SIGMETs, and urgent PIREPs.
The presence of HIWAS information on a VOR is indicated on a sectional or terminal area chart by an "H" in the upper-right corner of the box surrounding the NAVAID frequency.

</doc>
<doc id="9782656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782656" title="Refusal (horse)">
Refusal (horse)

In horse riding, a refusal is the failure of a horse to jump a fence to which he/she is presented. This includes any stop in forward motion. A runout occurs when the horse quickly slides past or "ducks out" of a fence instead of jumping it, without stopping forward motion.
Problems with refusals.
Refusals and runouts are counted against riders in jumping competitions. In show jumping and the stadium phase of eventing, a refusal is worth 4 penalty points. In the cross-country phase of eventing, a refusal counts as 20 penalty points.
Refusals also have the potential to unseat the rider, which may result in rider injury, such as that of Christopher Reeve. Refusals also present the possibility that the horse may crash into the obstacle. In extreme cases, however, it may be best for a horse to refuse rather than jump a fence which he cannot clear, as he might land on the fence, fall on landing, or flip over.
Reasons for refusals.
There are several reasons for refusals, therefore a rider must try to identify the problem before reprimanding the horse for his disobedience.
Rider-based reasons
Physical problems
If a horse has begun to refuse frequently when before it was willing, a veterinary exam can be performed to rule out pain. When pain is ruled out as a factor, rider error is a very common cause for refusals, poor riding may place the horse in a position so that he physically would find it extremely difficult to clear the obstacle (such as too far or too close to the jump). Additionally, riders who do not release over the fence, preventing the horse from stretching down, will hit the horse in the mouth with the bit, and cause pain. If this happens frequently, the horse will associate the pain with the jumping effort itself, and may begin to refuse. Horses that have begun to refuse due to rider error often require retraining.
If a horse is physically unable to jump a fence of a certain size or height, even with the best riding, pushing a horse may result in physical harm to the animal or cause an accident involving both horse and rider.

</doc>
<doc id="9782668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782668" title="Gabriela Villalba">
Gabriela Villalba

María Gabriela Villalba Jervis (born September 20, 1984) is an Ecuadorian singer and actress.
Biography.
Early life.
Gabriela Villalba was born in Quito, Ecuador on September 20, 1984. Her full birth name is María Gabriela Villalba Jervis. Her nickname is Gaby and she has seven brothers: Juan Carlos, Ricardo, Diego, Sandra, Mateo, Santiago and Alessandro. Her parents are Juan Carlos Villalba and Paulina Jervis. Gaby started in world of media by doing TV commercials at a very young age. She announced her new solo album is going to be released in 2011.
Kiruba.
Her fame stardom started when she was chosen to participate in the Ecuadorian version of the reality show Popstars. She won and became a part of the best selling Ecuadorian girl band Kiruba. They sold 20,000 copies of their debut album. Sadly, the band only lasted two years more, recording two studio albums "Kiruba" and "Baila La Luna".
TV Star and Solo Career.
After the disintegration of the group in 2005, Gabriela starred in a Colombian soap opera entitled 'Al Ritmo De Tu Corazón' ("To The Rhythm Of Your Heart"), where also sang and composed the main theme for it. This international situation leads to several well-known producers to offer her launch as a soloist.
Villalba released her debut album Todo Bien ("Everything's Fine") in 2005. . Her first and only single "Me Doy Vueltas" ("I Turn In Circles") became a moderate hit in Ecuador.
01. Un Contacto ("A Contact")<br>
02. Todo Bien ("Everything's Fine")<br>
03. Me Doy Vueltas ("I Turn In Circles")<br>
04. Vuelve A Mí ("Right Back At Me")
05. Tantos Besos ("Lots Of Kisses")<br>
06. Eres Linda ("You're A Beautiful Girl")<br>
07. Soñaré ("I Will Dream")<br>
08. Dame Tu Mano ("Give Me Your Hand")<br>
09. Sin Palabras ("No Words")<br>
10. Quisiera ("I Wish")
Kudai.
On the 30 of May 2006, in Quito, Radio "Exa" invited Gaby to be the opening act of the famous band Kudai that happened to be touring in Ecuador. Kudai’s manager was amazed by Villalba’s vocals and decided to ask her to temporarily replace one of the absent singers.
One month later Nicole Natalino Torres made public her departure from Kudai, and on August 2006 Gabriela officially became part of the group.

</doc>
<doc id="9782677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782677" title="Cape Coral High School">
Cape Coral High School

Cape Coral High School is located in Cape Coral, Florida. It is one of four high schools in the city of Cape Coral and is also a part of the Lee County School District system.
As of the 2005-06 school year, the school had an enrollment of 2,086 students and 93 classroom teachers (on a FTE basis) for a student-teacher ratio of 22.4.
Awards and recognition.
During the 1988-89 school year, Cape Coral High School was recognized with the Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence by the United States Department of Education, the highest award an American school can receive.
In 1996, Cape Coral High School's newspaper "The Shell" won the NSPA's high school newspaper competition in Orlando, FL. It went on to rank 8th nationally. In 1997, "The Shell" repeated its win for the state of Florida. The paper, now known as "The Seahawk's Eye", continues to do well in many competitions, including a First Place award from the American Scholastic Press Association (ASPA) during the 2008-2009 school year. It has also won first place from the National Scholastic Press Association during both the 2009 and 2010 school years.
In the spring of 2006, the school was one of 17 in Florida selected as part of "Sports Illustrated’s" "model SI Schools steroid and drug prevention initiative" for high school athletes.
In April 2007 the school was awarded accreditation by the International Baccalaureate Organization to offer the IB Diploma Programme, making it the second IB school in Lee County and putting the school on track to graduate its first IB class in 2009.
Academics.
Cape Coral High offers many diverse classes. Some offered classes included Honors, AP, and IB classes. The school also offers foreign language classes including Spanish and French.
Achievements.
In February 2008 the Model United Nations brought home the "Best Large Delegation" award from BosMUN, a conference in Boston, MA hosted by MIT and Boston University. This conference was attended by schools across the world including those from Canada, China, and Guatemala. Student representatives were the recipients of several "Best", "Outstanding", and "Honorable Mention" awards. This feat was repeated in 2010, where delegations came from 5 different continents, including a delegation from Ghana. Cape High students took home 15 individual awards, and the "Best Large Delegation" award once again. In 2011, the Model UN team once again reigned supreme at George Washington University's WAMUNC. Cape Coral High School received "Best Large Delegation," and obtained 17 individual awards at this conference in the nation's capital. The website, bestdelegate.com now recognizes Cape Coral High School as one of the most elite Model UN programs in the world. In 2012, the team returned to BosMUN in full force, sweeping the floor and receiving best delegation by over doubling the second place school's score. 20 of the 24 students from Cape Coral High School received awards, and 7 walked away with best delegate awards.
March 2008 marked the first time that Cape Coral High School hosted a regional math competition. At the competition, Cape Coral High School placed first among Lee County high schools, and fourth among overall participating high schools.
For the first time since the school has been erect, Cape Coral High School earned an "A+" as the school's grade for the 2010-2011 school year.
Cape Coral High School's Marching Band, the Marching Seahawks, also placed 3rd overall in its division at the Preview of Champions competition at Mariner High School on November 13, 2010. In the 2011 Indoor drumline season, the drumline was able to win one competition, place second in another, and came in 5th place in the state in division AA.
The Cape Coral High School boys soccer team won the Class 4A State Soccer Championship 2010-2011.
The Marching Seahawks continued its improvements from previous years by qualifying for FMBC State Semi-Finals. The Marching Band placed 2nd place in the Bronze Division at the Palmetto Ridge Marching Band Invitational on October 22, 2011. With a score of 71.8, the Marching Seahawks well over qualified for States and went on to perform with over 25 marching bands in Tarpon Springs, FL, on November 19, 2011.
Athletics.
Cape Coral High School offers a variety of athletic programs for students during the fall, winter and spring. Sports offered include:
Teaching staff.
In 2006-2007 school year, two of Cape Coral High School's teachers, Mr. Michael Cook and Mr. Robert Snyder, received the Golden Apple Award, given to only five teachers every year. It is a first for a single school to have two Golden Apple Winners in one year because there are numerous schools in the district area.
Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test (FCAT).
The Florida Department of Education "graded" Cape Coral High School with a "C" in 2005-2006. For the previous school year, the school received a "B".
The state uses "school grades" to measure the overall performance of schools in Florida on the Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test. The grades (A-F) are based on three criteria: overall performance on FCAT, percentage of eligible students who took the test, and whether or not students made progress in reading and math.
In 2007-2008 school year, Cape Coral High School scored a "B".

</doc>
<doc id="9782704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782704" title="Domingo Rey d'Harcourt">
Domingo Rey d'Harcourt

Domingo Rey d'Harcourt (Born, Pamplona, Spain, 1883 - died, Ponts de Molins, Catalonia, Spain, February 7. 1939) was a Nationalist commander during the Spanish Civil War.
He had risen to Colonel of artillery, and joined the military rising against the Republican Government that became the Spanish Civil War. 
During the Civil War Rey d'Harcourt was the commander of the Nationalist garrison of the city of Teruel during the Battle of Teruel. Heavily out numbered Rey d'Harcourt make a last stand in four key points of the city, the Civil Governor's Building, the Bank of Spain, the Convent of Santa Clara and the Seminary. Republican Radio Barcelona announced that Teruel had fallen, but Rey d'Harcourt and the remnants of the 4,000 man garrison still held out. With no water, few medical supplies and little food he was finally forced to surrender on January 8, 1938.
Despite his heroism, his surrender was criticized by many in the Nationalist high command.
He was jailed for treason against the Republic first in Valencia and then in Barcelona. During the Nationalist Catalonia Offensive he was taken towards the French border but was killed by his guards along with forty-two other prisoners of the Battle of Teruel, including Anselmo Polanco, Bishop of Teruel.

</doc>
<doc id="9782711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782711" title="Beer Launching Fridge">
Beer Launching Fridge

The Beer Launching Fridge is a modified mini-fridge that catapults beer to the desired drinker by use of a keyless remote system. It has been featured on the "Late Show with David Letterman", "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", and "The Colbert Report".
Device.
The Beer Launching Fridge was a device created by John W. Cornwell, an electrical engineer who recently graduated from the Duke University Pratt School of Engineering in 2006. After video of the device was released to the public in February 2007, the Launcher and its creator became an overnight internet celebrity. The video was featured on Metacafe and briefly on YouTube before it was taken down at the request of Cornwell for violation of his copyright.
This video clip participates in Metacafe Producer Reward program and has generated over $9,400 for Cornwell.
The device works by loading a beer from the refrigerator to an elevator leading outside of the fridge. From there, the beer is loaded to a catapult. The prototype device is controlled by a remote keyless control which can determine and lock the speed, launch angle, and direction just by the press of a button. Then the catapult launches the beer to the target user on command.
Publicity.
John Cornwell demonstrated his device on the "Late Show with David Letterman" and "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
The beer launching fridge was also covered on several major web sites including
Metacafe Slashdot and Digg as well as "The Colbert Report" in March 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9782716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782716" title="Ledford, Illinois">
Ledford, Illinois

Ledford is an unincorporated community in the Harrisburg Township, Saline County, Illinois, United States situated between Carrier Mills and Harrisburg, Illinois. It was named after a well known Ledford family in the area. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the peak of the coal boom in Saline County, it was a thriving mining center home to more than 1000 people.
It lies three miles South of Harrisburg on US 45. At one time, it had a population of 1,100 to 1,400 people. According to an early edition of the Harrisburg Daily Register, there was a time during the first 10 years of the 20th century that the population of Ledford was larger than that of Harrisburg, the county seat. In 1905, Saline County had numerous small slope mines and 15 major shaft mines. Thirteen of these larger mines were along the Big Four Railroad that traveled through Ledford.
Around these mines were small communities of company houses that were called patches. In Ledford alone there was a 2 patch, 5 patch and a 14 patch, all named for the mine number that provided the company housing. Just south of Ledford was another patch of housing built by the Hungarians, called "Hunky Row" by the locals.
In the early 20th century, these coal mine settlements made up most of the population of Ledford. Prior to the opening of the coal mines, which began around 1870, the families that were scattered around Saline County were pioneer stock. Most came from New England. Around 1900 to 1910, 1,536 immigrants came to Saline County. Most came to work in the coal mines. Most had come from Hungary, Poland, Russia, and Lithuania.
The town was known for its lavish gambling, partying, and night life. Notorious gangster Charlie Birger, who lived in Ledford, shot and murdered "Crip" Yates in Ledford on December 4, 1917.
At one time, Ledford had a jail, a Post Office, two catholic Churches, a Baptist church, a parish school, East and West Ledford Schools, several grocery stores, a restaurant, a boarding house, and a pool room. Some say there was a roller skating rink and a movie house. Ledford even had its own movie star by the stage name of Frances McIntyre, a local actress. Her real name was Stella Stevers. Ledford also boasted large mining factories and industries that left a distinct fog throughout the town.
Ledford today has a cemetery, an abandoned Hungarian cemetery, and the Ledford Baptist Church. Ledford spreads across a 4 mile stretch of land along Rt. 45 between Carrier Mills and Harrisburg with several roads shooting off to the left and right of the highway.
Today, Ledford is considered part of Harrisburg, Illinois. Almost all signs of the mining industry are gone. The mines' air shafts and fans are gone as well as the many coal tipples and mine ponds that dotted the area. The smoke stacks are missing and the air is clean. Gone are the sounds of the tipples hoisting coal, the steam whistles signaling the men, and the occasional snorts of a steam locomotive or the groaning of a streetcar motor. Ledford is a quiet community with a population of only 100 people.
References.
History of Saline County, 1995, Genealogy Department

</doc>
<doc id="9782718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782718" title="Jim Newman (television producer)">
Jim Newman (television producer)

Jim Newman (born 1933 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a film and television producer, contemporary art curator, gallerist and musician.
Musical career and festival management.
Discovering bebop as a teenager and trained as a saxophonist, Newman attended Stanford University and Oberlin College, where he received his Bachelor's degree in Music in 1955. While at Oberlin he started a jazz club and was also a founding member, with Walter Hopps and Craig Kauffman, of Concerthall Workshop. In addition to his activities as a musician, Newman has had extensive experience as a jazz presenter, having staged numerous concerts at Oberlin and in Los Angeles, presenting such artists as Dave Brubeck, Teddy Charles, Count Basie, Chet Baker, Charles Mingus, Terry Gibbs, and Gerry Mulligan.
In 1978 Newman resumed active music making, studying flute performance. From 1982 to 2013 he held the baritone saxophone chair with the Junius Courtney big band in the San Francisco area. With filmmaker William Farley he produced a video documentary, "In Between the Notes", on the life and career of master Indian vocalist Pandit Pran Nath, working closely with Pran Nath's disciples Terry Riley, La Monte Young and Marian Zazeela. 
In 1992, along with Charles Amirkhanian, Newman co-founded the new music festival organization Other Minds, based in San Francisco. He is responsible for the design and formatting of its website. He served as President of Other Minds (formerly the California College of Performing Arts) from 1992 to 2004 and remains on its board of directors.
Gallery management and curating.
Jim Newman co-founded Syndell Studio in the Brentwood area of Los Angeles in 1955, with Ben and Betty Bartosh, Walter Hopps and Craig Kauffman. In that same year they presented "Action I," the first major survey of California abstract expressionist painting, at the Santa Monica Pier merry-go-round. In 1956 he moved to San Francisco where he co-founded the Dilexi Gallery with Robert Alexander in 1958 and directed its operations until it closed in 1970. Exhibitors at the gallery included: Jeremy Anderson, Hassel Smith, Alvin Light, Leslie Kerr, Craig Kauffman, Irving Petlin, Deborah Remington, Jay DeFeo, Roy De Forest, Ed Moses, H.C. Westermann, Jess (1958), Sidney Gordin, Gary Molitor, Ron Nagle, Richard Shaw, Robert Morris, Joe Goode (1962) and Charles Ross .
In 1993 Newman began a collaboration with conceptual artist Lowell Darling on a project called "Hollywood Archaeology". They began making Cibachrome prints of discarded movie film found by Darling in the streets and dumpsters of Hollywood in the early '70s. More recently the project has expanded and found a home on the World Wide Web, under the sponsorship of the Whitney Museum of American Art.
Film and television production.
In his capacity as a film and television producer, Newman worked with KQED-TV on production of the Dilexi Series, featuring twelve original TV programs by artists including Terry Riley, Arlo Acton, Anna Halprin, Yvonne Rainer, Robert Nelson, Frank Zappa, Andy Warhol, The Living Theater, Philip Makanna, Robert Frank, Edwin Schlossberg, Walter De Maria, and Kenneth Dewey. From 1972 to 1974 he produced two feature films, Phil Makanna's "Shoot the Whale" and "Space Is the Place", featuring jazz bandleader Sun Ra. In 1976 he produced a video documentary on Philippine psychic surgery, "Miracles and Metaphors".

</doc>
<doc id="9782726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782726" title="The Octagon (film)">
The Octagon (film)

The Octagon is a 1980 action film starring Chuck Norris, Karen Carlson and Lee Van Cleef. It was directed by Eric Karson and written by Paul Aaron and Leigh Chapman. It was filmed in Los Angeles, California and released on August 14, 1980. It is notable for its inventive use of 'voice over' effects to portray the inner life of Chuck Norris's character, Scott James. This was actor Richard Norton's film debut.
Plot.
A martial artist (Chuck Norris) must stop a group of terrorists trained in the ninja style by his half-brother (Tadashi Yamashita).
The film opens with a short scene at a terrorist training camp. The main instructor, Katsumoto (Yuki Shimoda) tells the graduating class that all of their actions and whereabouts will be known and that if they do anything to expose or harm the group, they and their families will be killed.
The film then cuts to an assassination of a diplomat by members of the group. One of the terrorists is shot by a bodyguard while the others escape.
We then meet Scott James (Chuck Norris), a retired karate champion, who is at a dance performance. After the performance, he meets one of the dancers named Nancy (Kim Lankford). He takes her out to dinner because he is interested in how she incorporated the martial arts into her routine. She seems distant during the dinner and is more concerned about a recent assassination that took place abroad. She wonders if “an American was killed".
Scott takes Nancy home, and he senses that someone is there. The lights do not work as they enter, and then they are attacked by a group of ninjas. Scott fights them off, but they end up killing Nancy. After he restores power to the house, he finds that the entire family has been killed.
The next day, Scott goes to see an old mercenary friend named McCarn (Lee Van Cleef). Scott asks him if he knows about any ninja activity. However, McCarn tells him, “If you are seeing ninja, you are seeing ghosts.” McCarn tries to recruit Scott to join his cause in eliminating terrorists, but Scott declines.
On his way back from McCarn’s place, Scott encounters a rich lady named Justine (Karen Carlson), who managed to get her car stuck on the side of the road. She asks Scott for help, and after he helps her, she takes his keys, forcing him to walk back to her place to get them.
Scott goes back to Justine’s house to get his keys, and she pretends to find them in her purse. She offers to drive him back since “It would be the only decent thing to do.” Scott agrees, only on the condition that this time, he drives.
On their way back, Scott and Justine are chased by two cars. Scott and Justine manage to evade their pursuers. After Scott gets back to his car, Justine identifies one of the cars as being “her bodyguards.” Scott then asks her out to dinner since she has now become “an object of concern".
Before their date, Scott goes back to McCarn’s and notices that the car that was chasing them belonged to McCarn. He confronts Justine, and she confesses that she hired McCarn to be her bodyguard because McCarn told her that Scott would not accept her offer of employment. She also wants him to kill a man named Seikura (Tadashi Yamashita). She confesses that her father was killed by terrorists and that she has since been on a crusade to eliminate them. She has managed to help “retire” two of the three main terrorist leaders, but Seikura remains. Scott is insulted by her actions, and he promptly declines her offer and leaves.
Scott’s friend, A.J. (Art Hindle) is a karate champion and feels frustrated by the recent terrorist attacks that have taken place both abroad and on Nancy. He decides to start going after terrorists himself. He tries to find a German terrorist, but that terrorist is killed by McCarn’s men before A.J. can catch him. McCarn then fills A.J. in on just who he is and his relationship to Scott. He also tells A.J. that it was Nancy’s brother who was killed in the terrorist attack abroad and that she was killed in retaliation. A. J. decides to join McCarn’s cause.
We see a flashback where Scott remembers training with his half brother Seikura. He and his brother are seen running through an obstacle course to obtain a sword. Scott stumbles at the end but still manages to get the sword. However, his enraged brother grabs the sword and declares it to be his. Scott’s adoptive father (John Fujioka), then berates Seikura and disowns him. He tells Scott that Seikura is now his enemy for life.
The movie cuts to a scene at the Octagon training camp where a new group of recruits has graduated. One recruit, Aura (Carol Bagdasarian) has reservations about what she is doing but leaves the camp to report to a terrorist dispatcher named “Doggo” (Kurt Grayson).
Scott realizes that A.J. and McCarn are right, so he signs up and attends a mercenary recruiting camp in an attempt to be recruited so he can get to Seikura. He gets interviewed at Doggo’s camp, but Doggo knows his true identity, and he refuses his services. Scott then has to fight his way out of Doggo’s facility, defeating “Longlegs” (Richard Norton) and “Hatband” (Aaron Norris) and returns to his hotel.
Later that day, Aura grabs Scott’s file and defects from Doggo’s camp. Meanwhile, Justine manages to recruit A.J. to find Seikura. As Scott goes back to his room, he encounters Aura, and she tells him that she regrets what she has done and that she can lead him to Seikura’s camp. Justine then comes by to try once more to get Scott to help her, but she gives up after seeing Aura and decides to get Seikura herself. As she goes out of the hotel with A.J., she is hit with a poisoned dart from one of Doggo’s men and dies. A.J. then leaves to find Seikura’s place while McCarn stays behind to watch Scott.
A few hours later, several ninja are seen scaling the hotel. They attack Scott and Aura but are defeated—the last shot by one of McCarn’s men as he is descending the hotel. A firefight then erupts between McCarn’s men and Doggo’s men, and all of Doggo’s men are killed. Scott and Aura then depart to Mexico for Seikura’s terrorist camp.
A.J. is then shown finding Seikura’s place (located in Mexico or an unnamed Central American nation) the hard way, and he is eventually captured and taken prisoner. Aura gets Scott to the compound, and Scott infiltrates the camp. He is eventually discovered and led to an area known as “The Octagon” (a building filled with treacherous paths and enemies). Scott fights his way through and ends up fighting Seikura’s “enforcer” named “Kyo” (again, played by Richard Norton). Scott defeats Kyo, and as a result, Seikura kills A.J. by slitting his throat. Scott and Seikura fight, but Seikura escapes the compound. Meanwhile, Aura infiltrates the compound and recruits several of her fellow former trainees to fight back and burn the compound to the ground. They end up destroying the entire camp, but only Aura manages to survive. She then goes after Scott and Seikura. As the sun is coming up, she sees Seikura attack Scott from behind. However, Scott stabs Seikura with his sword and the movie ends with Scott standing over Seikura’s body.
Reception.
The Octagon is considered to be a cult favorite for martial arts films' fans of the 1980s. A large number of ninja films soon followed, most notably, the Sho Kosugi films. The film received positive reception from critics.
After the retirement of the Walker, Texas Ranger lever, a segment where he would show a scene from Walker, Late Night with Conan O'Brien began using clips from The Octagon in a new segment, The Octagon lever.

</doc>
<doc id="9782731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782731" title="John Edward Bromby">
John Edward Bromby

John Edward Bromby (23 May 1809 – 4 March 1889) was an Australian schoolmaster and Anglican cleric.
Bromby was born in Hull, England, the son of the Reverend John Healey Bromby and his wife Jane, "née" Amis. His brother was Charles Henry Bromby, later Bishop of Tasmania. Bromby was educated at Hull Grammar School, Uppingham. At 18 he entered St John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated ninth wrangler and third in the second class of the classics tripos in 1832. He was elected a fellow of St John's College.
Bromby was ordained deacon in 1834 and priest in 1836. He was appointed second master at Bristol College in 1836 and then for some years conducted a private school at Clifton. From 1847 to 1854 he was principal of Elizabeth College, Guernsey, was university preacher at Cambridge in 1850, obtaining the degree of D.D., and after 1854 was curate for two or three years to his father at Hull. He was then appointed headmaster of the newly founded Church of England Grammar School at Melbourne, where he arrived in February 1858 with his wife and nine children.
The school opened on 7 April 1858 with 86 students and the number of boys soon began to grow rapidly. There were 195 at the school in 1861 and it prospered for many years. He was appointed a member of a royal commission to report on the working of the educational system on 4 September 1866. About 1871 the number of students at the Grammar school began to fall off, partly because of the foundation of other secondary schools, and in 1874, feeling that it might be for the benefit of the school to have a younger headmaster, Bromby resigned and was succeeded by Edward Ellis Morris. He was appointed incumbent of St Paul's, Melbourne, in 1877 a position he held until his death. On the completion of his seventy-fifth year in 1884 he was presented with an address and £1000. He died at his parsonage at East Melbourne and was buried in the Melbourne General Cemetery. He was married twice and was survived by his second wife and two sons and three daughters of the first marriage. He was the author of a volume of "Sermons and the Earlier Chapters of Genesis", and several of his lectures and sermons were published as pamphlets.
Bromby as a headmaster encouraged games and relied more on a good moral tone than strict discipline. He was for many years a member of the council of the University of Melbourne, and was its first warden of the senate. As a clergyman, though he claimed to belong to no school, he was in sympathy with the broad church section of the Church of England, and was one of the best preachers of his period, scholarly and fearless in his independence of thought, with a pleasant voice and delivery. Though apparently somewhat reserved and austere, he was really thoroughly kindly in his disposition, and was a good conversationalist, with much appreciation of wit and humour.

</doc>
<doc id="9782757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782757" title="Body Shots (film)">
Body Shots (film)

Body Shots is an American film written by David McKenna and directed by Michael Cristofer. Released in October 1999, "Body Shots" tells the story of eight singles whose night of drunken debauchery goes terribly wrong.
Reception.
The film was critically panned. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 11% based on reviews from 28 critics.

</doc>
<doc id="9782760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782760" title="Bahia Honda Rail Bridge">
Bahia Honda Rail Bridge

The Bahia Honda Rail Bridge is a disused bridge in the lower Florida Keys connecting Bahia Honda Key with Spanish Harbor Key. Originally part of the Overseas Railway, the State of Florida purchased it after the 1935 Labor Day Hurricane and converted it to provide automobile use as part of the Overseas Highway in 1938. After a replacement Bahia Honda Bridge was opened in 1972, two spans of the bridge were removed to accommodate boat traffic and make the majority of the bridge inaccessible to pedestrian traffic, but the rest remain standing.
History.
It was originally built by Henry Flagler as part of the Overseas Railroad which was completed in 1912. Flagler funded the construction of the bridge, along with the rest of the railway himself. It was purchased by the state of Florida and converted for highway use in 1938 after the Labor Day Hurricane of 1935. Rather than completely rebuilding the bridge after the hurricane, the existing structure was repaired and the deck for the Overseas Highway was added on top, as the existing deck inside the truss was too narrow for vehicular traffic. The bridge served as the primary mode of transport to the islands of the lower Keys, and as a primary evacuation route.
A new four-lane bridge was built in 1980, a few hundred yards north of the old bridge, replacing the old route of U.S. 1. Today, the former bridge provides a scenic overview of the area for tourists. Two of the truss spans have been removed in order to facilitate boat traffic, as the new bridge has an increased span height. The original bridge has fallen into a state of disrepair and signs have been posted on the bridge warning boat traffic to watch for falling debris, but all of the sections have remained standing (not counting the two that were removed). The easternmost section remains open to pedestrian traffic and is maintained by Bahia Honda State Park.
Structural Design.
Before its re-imagining as a vehicular bridge, the Bahia Honda Rail Bridge was intended to carry a single track of the Florida East Coast Railway across Big Spanish Channel from Bahia Honda Key to Spanish Harbor Key. Unlike most of the other bridges on the Overseas Railway, the Bahia Honda Rail Bridge has a steel truss construction. This was a necessary difference from the predominate concrete arch form of the other bridges of the overseas railroad, as the channel is the deepest of those spanned, at 24 feet. The central span is a Parker truss with a span of 247 feet. This is surrounded by 13 Pratt truss sections spanning 186 feet on either side, and 13 smaller Pratt trusses each spanning 128 feet outside those. Nine plate girder sections were used for the western approach, for a total length of 5055 feet. The smaller Pratt trusses have riveted connections, but the larger Pratt and Parker trusses use pinned connections, making the Bahia Honda Rail Bridge the longest pin-connected truss bridge in the United States.
In 1938, the bridge was re-purposed to carry two lanes of U.S. Route 1. Rather than undertake the costly project of rebuilding the entire bridge, the road deck was added on top of the trusses, as the through-truss construction of the original deck meant that its width could not be expanded. Thus, the bridge became a deck-truss bridge, and remains one of the only Parker deck-trussed bridges in the country.
The original construction of the bridge was carried out by William Krome and Joseph Meredith, and the vehicular conversion was undertaken by B.M. Duncan.

</doc>
<doc id="9782787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782787" title="Wintersmith Park Historic District">
Wintersmith Park Historic District

The Wintersmith Park Historic District, known locally as simply Wintersmith Park, is a historic district located at 18th Street and Scenic Drive in Ada, Oklahoma. The park includes a lake, a lodge, bridges, trails, courts and a public amphitheater. The area is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.The park is named for Frances Wintersmith.
Location and activities.
Wintersmith Park is located on the southeastern edge of Ada. It is south of 18th Street, east of Scenic Drive and west of Country Club Road. The park contains of land, Wintersmith Lake, a public swimming pool and spash park, a lodge, courts for basketball, softball, volleyball and horseshoes, a lighted trail, eight picnic pavilions, a playground, a zoo, and a Kiwanis amusement park as well as bridges, trails and a public amphitheater.
History.
Wintersmith Park was a "New Deal" work program, created during the Great Depression by the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) to improve communities and provide wages for unemployed people. Work began on the park in 1933 when the young men of camp number 824 arrived in Ada. The men were paid a monthly wage of $30. 
The Wintersmith project was unique among New Deal projects as it was the first time the National Park Service (NPS) would be working with the CCC on a project. The NPS usually worked only on the country’s national parks.
The combined team would work for more than a year to transform on Ada’s eastern edge. They built a lake, a lodge, bridges, trails and, perhaps most remarkably, a public amphitheater.
Public Amphitheater.
Built into a naturally occurring slope on the parks south edge, the amphitheater consists of natural stone found in the park and stone quarried from nearby Fittstown, Oklahoma. A crew of stonemasons worked for three months to complete the project.
When completed in 1934, the amphitheater was arguably one of the most distinctive places in Oklahoma. The amphitheatre served as host for many community events, including plays, musicals, public speaking, beauty pageants, talent shows and community sings. 
Over the years, however, the amphitheater had slid into disrepair. Frequent use, low level of maintenance and the elements combined to press the amphitheater into a worn out state. The cap stones that serve as seats were often broken, cracked or missing. The risers holding up the seats had suffered significant erosion damage. The barrier walls on the north and sound ends of the amphitheater were compromised or sometimes missing altogether.
Dr. Marvin Kroeker, a longtime Ada resident and East Central University history professor emeritus, hoped to save the amphitheater and bring it back to its former glory. In 2000, Dr. Kroeker took Oklahoma State Historic Preservation Office deputy Melvena Heisch on a tour of the park and the amphitheater. He sought to convince Mrs. Heisch to nominate the amphitheater for designation on the National Register of Historic Places. After the tour, Mrs. Heisch determined the entire Wintersmith area, to be known as the Wintersmith historic district, should be nominated for the Register. The park, including the amphitheater, was accepted for the Register in June 2000.
Following the designation, Dr. Kroeker saw the opportunity to solicit funding from the Oklahoma Centennial Commission for restoration of the amphitheater. The Ada city council voted to designate the amphitheater Ada’s Oklahoma Centennial project and made the application for funding from the Centennial Commission. The Centennial Commission accepted the amphitheater project application, and the project was funded with $150,000 of commission grants.
Restoration of the amphitheater has begun. Student and adult volunteers have cleaned up the amphitheater and took down weeds and undergrowth. Dirt contractors have moved the earth to help protect the area from erosion. Concrete workers have poured the new handicap areas at the top and foot of the amphitheater. New “butternut” cap stones were put into place to replace the broken and missing seating.
Upcoming construction plans call for concrete drop off area and parking, concession and ticket buildings, walkways and a stage. Soon after restoration, a special production reintroducing the amphitheater, celebrating Oklahoma’s centennial and recognizing the 75th anniversary of America’s New Deal is expected.
Jones Chapel Schoolhouse.
Jones Chapel Schoolhouse (also known as the "Little Red Schoolhouse") is located in the park off 18th Street. The schoolhouse opened in 1907 west of town. It was moved to the Kerr Lab area in 1976, where it was painted red, and then its current location in Wintersmith Park in 1990. The schoolhouse has many windows, which served both for light and air-conditioning when the building was in use.
Campbell Cabin.
The Campbell Cabin, located next to the schoolhouse, is another structure with historic significance to the area. The cabin represents Ada’s early history in homemaking and demonstrates what it would have been like to live as a pioneer in a log cabin. A sign on the cabin reads "Cecil & Nell Campbell 1609 E 18th ST."

</doc>
<doc id="9782790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782790" title="Overload (novel)">
Overload (novel)

Overload (1979) is a novel by Arthur Hailey, concerning the electricity production industry in California and the activities of the employees and others involved with Golden State Power and Light, a fictional California public service company. The novel is described from the point of view of vice-president of Golden State Power and Light, Mr. Nimrod Goldman, often mentioned as Nim.
The geographic area of service of the fictional electric utility, Golden State, matches the actual Northern California footprint of the Pacific Gas and Electric Company. The plots follow many of the issues of the day, including race relations, corporate politics, business ethics, terrorism and journalism.
----Plot Synopsis
Golden State Power and Light is a public service company, supplying to two-thirds of California's electric power. In a hot summer, GSP&L as it is called, loses a lot of electric power due to a terrorist attack on an oil burner, called Big Lil. There is a board meeting about it. The chairman of GSP&L, Eric Humphrey,leaves the matter in the hands of Nim Goldman, one of the many vice-presidents and Ray Paulsen. After the explosion of Big Lil, which killed chief engineer, Walter Talbot, Nim visits Ardythe, Walter's wife and Wally, his son. After some time, Nim and Ardythe make love. Teresa Van Buren, PRO, makes Nim go to Karen Sloan, a quadriplegic, whom he instantly befriends. Angering Ruth, his wife and his children Leah and Benjamin. Later, Nim and Harry London, property protection president, go to Brookside, to catch power thieves. And surprisingly, they catch many. Nim later learns that the terrorist attacks were by 'Friends of Freedom'. Later the leader of the group, Georgos Archambault, mails letter bombs and kills five people including president Fraser Fenton.Because of this, Nim forms the think group with Oscar O'Brien the lawyer,Teresa Van Buren andH arry London.
Laura Bo Carmichael, chairman of environmentalists Sequoia Clubs with Nim to protest the building of three plants at Tunipah, Fincastle valley and Devil's Gate. But Nim continues and the plants, a geothermal at Fincastle and a hydro at Devil's Gate are launched. At Devil's Gate, Wally Talbot is electrocuted after he tries to save a technician's child. A California Examiner reporter, Nancy Molineaux, reports Goldman to be selfish. David Birdsong, leader of Power and Light for People, and Sequoia Club hold a trial against GSP&L. Nim and the press go to Fincastle, to see a gruesome elctrocution of Wally Talbot. Birdsong and Georgos later plan to destroy the power workers, including Nim Goldman who would meet for a conference at a hotel.Unknown to Georgos, Yvette, his mistress knows of his plans and betrays him to Nancy Molineaux,who reports it to the police thirty-six minutes before the bombs go off. In an attempt to secure the last remaining bomb, Art ROmeo, London's assistant is blown to pieces when the bomb goes off.
The think group finally arrest David Birdsong and expose Georgos. Georgos attempts to bomb Big Lil, but he is killed by the pump's blades. Karen Sloan dies after her respirator fails due to a power outage and the novel ends as Nim finally befriends Nancy Molineaux and visits her in her house.

</doc>
<doc id="9782803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782803" title="1989 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom">
1989 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom

Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1988/1989
Final point standings.
In Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 1988/89 all results count.
Men's Giant Slalom Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9782806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782806" title="Volüm Fyra (R.A.D.)">
Volüm Fyra (R.A.D.)

Volüm Fyra is the eighth studio album, and the thirteenth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. The Swedish version was released by Fruit Records and MEP in 1997. The English version (renamed "R.A.D.") was released in 1998 by Jerusalem Music in the United States and Alliance Music in the UK and Europe.
History.
Between 1975 and 1983, Ulf Christiansson wrote many songs that Jerusalem never recorded but often played live. After a friend reminded him of these songs and asked why they had never been on an album, hristiansson decided to record them, but he wanted to use the band members who were in Jerusalem when the songs were actually written.
Track listing.
All songs by Ulf Christiansson, except for "Vänd om" by Brooker/Reid/Christiansson (original song "As Strong As Samson" by Brooker/Reid).

</doc>
<doc id="9782817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782817" title="School of the Arts (Rochester, New York)">
School of the Arts (Rochester, New York)

School of the Arts (SOTA) is a progressive alternative public middle school and high school in Rochester, NY. Administered by the Rochester City School District, SOTA is located on the corner of Prince Street and University Avenue, within walking distance of the Memorial Art Gallery, Eastman Theatre, Writers & Books, Visual Studies Workshop, and other cultural organizations.
The School of the Arts was originally founded in 1980 as an experimental program at Wilson Jr. High School. In 1981, the school transferred to Monroe High School as was known as the School of the Arts at Monroe. Only grades 7-9 were represented that year. The school stayed at Monroe for many years, eventually becoming a full Jr-Sr. High School, while retaining the name "School of the Arts at Monroe." Until it moved into its current space (the old Eastman School of Music dormitories), when it became "The School of the Arts."
School of the Arts has many different after-school arts programs, called Tenth Period. Tenth Period is a class that is offers the following classes: Dance, Jazz Band, Theater Technology, Photography, Visual Arts, and Creative Writing. However, Tenth Period was canceled during the 2008-2009 school year, much to the dismay of the students. Another reason for the cancellation of Tenth Period was due to a budget problem. Now Tenth Period is used for test prep, and students have to be accompanied with a teacher, if they are staying after-school.
Students are also able to join various programs by audition. Some of those programs include: Dance Concert, Fall and Winter Productions, SOTA Singers, Black History Program, Playwrights festival, SOTA Improv group, Senior Jazz and Wind Ensembles, and many more.
Academics.
As in other schools, School Of The Arts has academic classes and arts classes. SOTA offers Honors and Advanced Placement(AP) classes, Special Education, Foreign Languages (Spanish 1,2,and 3, and French 1 and 2). Students carry a full academic course load as well as a fine arts sequence. SOTA offers a rich diversity of arts courses within seven major fine arts concentrations:
Performances.
Sota puts on two musicals and three plays a year, as well as an annual Dance Concert, music recitals, poetry slams, and other various art performances.

</doc>
<doc id="9782836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782836" title="Beyond Rangoon (soundtrack)">
Beyond Rangoon (soundtrack)

Beyond Rangoon is an original soundtrack album written by the German composer Hans Zimmer. The film Beyond Rangoon was released in 1995, and the soundtrack six years later. It features the nature of the Burmese background during and after the 8888 Uprising in Burma. In this ethnic tropes music, Hans Zimmer highlights on South-East Asia tradition where he employs pipes, wood flutes, and native rhythms with vivid effects to demonstrate the character of the students' strike in 1988, Burma and their fleeing Rangoon after martial law imposed.

</doc>
<doc id="9782843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782843" title="Charles Bromby">
Charles Bromby

Charles Henry Bromby (11 July 1814 – 14 April 1907) was an Anglican bishop of Tasmania. 
__NOTOC__
Early life.
Bromby was the second son of the Revd John Healey Bromby and brother of John Edward Bromby. He was born in Hull, England. He was educated at Hull Grammar School, Uppingham School and St John's College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A. in 1837 with third-class honours in classics, MA in 1840 and DD in 1864.
Career.
Bromby was a curate at Chesterfield from 1838–9, and then headmaster of Stepney Grammar School from 1839.
In 1843 Bromby was appointed vicar at St Paul's, Cheltenham, and was joint-founder and principal of the Cheltenham training college for teachers 1843–1864. He published "The Sorrows of Bethany and other Sermons" (1846), which was followed by "The Pupil Teacher's English Grammar" (1848), and a volume on "Liturgy and Church History" (1852), the third edition of this appeared in 1862 under the title of "Church Students' Manual". In 1864 he was appointed bishop of Tasmania, the last Australian bishop to be nominated by the crown, and was consecrated in Canterbury Cathedral. In 1868, when the question of the abolishing of state aid to religion was dealt with, Bromby was largely responsible for the passing of the commutation act which resulted in the Church of England in Tasmania receiving about £60,000 as a perpetual endowment instead of the former yearly payments. Early in 1869 a contract was made for the building of the nave of St David's cathedral, and the cathedral was consecrated in 1874, Bromby himself acting as Dean from 1874 to 1876. In 1880 he visited England, and in 1882 resigned his see. His episcopate was marked by the building of several new churches and a great increase in the number of clergy.
Bromby returned to England and became rector of Shrawardine-cum-Montford (1882–1887), and assistant-bishop of Lichfield (1882–1891). He was also warden of St John's Hospital, Lichfield (1887–1891). He then became assistant bishop to the bishop of Bath and Wells until he resigned in 1900 at the age of 86. He lived in retirement with his son, Canon Bromby, at Clifton, and died there on 14 April 1907.
Legacy.
Bromby also published several sermons and addresses in pamphlet form. He married in 1839 Mary Anne, daughter of a Dr Bodley of Brighton, and there were several children. The eldest son, Henry Bodley Bromby (1840–1911) became dean of Hobart in 1876, and the second son Charles Hamilton was in the Tasmanian government. The Tasmanian synod founded a studentship in Bromby's memory in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="9782845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782845" title="R. v. Mercure">
R. v. Mercure

R. v. Mercure, 1 S.C.R. 234 was a 1988 ruling by the Supreme Court of Canada.
The appellant demanded the right to a statutory provision in Saskatchewan governing a speeding ticket be expressed in French as well as the right to have a trial conducted in French. English and French are both considered official languages in Canada. 
Lower courts had denied him this right, so he sought appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada. However the appellant died before his Supreme Court appeal on the issue could be heard. The Court exercised its discretion to hear the appeal notwithstanding its mootness because the case not only raised an important legal issue but satisfied the other criteria for the hearing of a moot appeal, including the continued existence of a proper adversarial context.
The Supreme Court ruled that language rights enjoyed an almost constitutional status and could only be repealed by a 'clear legislative pronouncement'. The Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan subsequently repealed official bilingualism.

</doc>
<doc id="9782858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782858" title="Familia rodante">
Familia rodante

Familia rodante (English: "Rolling Family") is a 2004 comedy drama film, written and directed by Pablo Trapero, and produced by various countries, including Argentina. The film's executive producers were Hugo Castro Fau and Martina Gusman, and it was produced by Pablo Trapero, Robert Bevan, and Donald Ranvaud.
The picture is about a large Argentine family that takes a northern 1000 plus kilometer road trip in an old cramped motor-home to attend a wedding. The family takes part in many adventures along their way to the wedding.
Plot.
The comedy-drama tells the story of Emilia (Graciana Chironi) an 84 year-old grandmother who lives in the Buenos Aires suburbs and receives a phone call inviting her to be the matron of honour at her niece's wedding in Misiones, the village of her birth.
The Province of Misiones, where the village is located, is over 1000 kilometers away, on the Brazilian border in the farthest north-east part of Argentina.
Nevertheless, the large family decides to embark on a weekend long trip to take their grandmother to the wedding in a beat-up motor-home.
While the members have feuds, intrigues and love affairs on the journey, they, mostly, have to accept each other's quirks and faults, and give each other a lot of space along the way as they encounter a few problems on their long road-trip.
The film ends with Emilia in an introspective moment. She drinks her mate and appears to contemplate her family and life.
Background.
Casting.
Pablo Trapero, in neo-realist fashion, used non-actors when he filmed.
The grandmother in the film (Graciana Chironi) is Trapero's actual grandmother. In fact, she's present in all of Trapero's films. She's seen by the director as the story's conscience.
Filming locations.
The picture was filmed in Buenos Aires and Yapeyú, Corrientes; Argentina.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the Venice Film Festival on September 6, 2004. Later in the month it made its North American debut at the Toronto Film Festival on September 16, 2004.
It screened at various film festivals, including: the Rio de Janeiro International Film Festival, Brazil; the New York Film Festival, USA; the Chicago International Film Festival, USA; the Nantes Festival, France; the Seattle International Film Festival, USA; and others.
Critical reception.
Stephen Holden, film critic for "The New York Times", liked the film and the direction of Pablo Trapero, and wrote, "Don't fret if you find it frustrating to unscramble the blood ties or follow the fragmented domestic dramas that jostle one another in Pablo Trapero's bighearted ensemble comedy...Without becoming intimate with any one person, you come to know them collectively."
"Time Out" film reviews wrote, "becomes clear we’ve seen a film of subtlety and wisdom, a shaggy-dog story about learning to deal with disappointment, compromise, confusion and loss: learning, in short, to survive life in all its painful truth and beauty."
Film critic Diego Lerer, a member of FIPRESCI, wrote an extensive essay on Pablo Trapero's cinema works. He said of the film, "The 'families' in "Rolling Family" are already morally 'corrupted.' It is never clearly spoken, but one of the reasons is obvious: they live in the capital. They have urbanised, diversified and standardised themselves; they are no longer the safeguard against problems, but are now a part of them, and perhaps among the most serious ones...the characters are presented in a much crueler and hostile way, and the filmmaker does not just look at 'the others' with a dark gaze, but also at 'us'."
Critic Neil Young wrote, ""Familia rodante" nimbly dramatises the clash between old ways and new, making this a socially-conscious road movie with genuine texture and warmth...[star of the show is Chironi, very much front-and-centre as Emilia - the actress is actually Trapero's own grandmother, and as well as making some subtle points about family, maturity and the state of Argentina, it also works very well as a heartfelt, elaborately autobiographical tribute/farewell to a beloved relative."
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9782916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782916" title="Derek Rydall">
Derek Rydall

Derek Rydall (born April 18, 1968) is an American screenwriter, screenplay consultant, script doctor, stuntman and author. 
Biography.
Acting career.
He has also worked as an actor, starring in several films & television shows with Tom Skerritt, Charles Bronson, Elliott Gould, Tony Roberts (of Woody Allen films), Paulie Shore, director John Turtletaub, and many others. His biggest role was the lead in , along with Morgan Fairchild, Rob Estes, Pauly Shore, Jonathan Goldsmith and Kimber Sissons.
Screenwriter career.
As a screenwriter, screenplay consultant, and script doctor, he has been on staff for Fox ("Wildforce Rangers") and Disney, developed projects for RKO, United Artists, Miramax, Fine Line, Universal, Saturn (Nicolas Cage's company), Deepak Chopra, Wildrice, Longbow, and the creators of "Air Force One" and "Ghost". Additionally, Rydall script doctored on the feature films "Diamonds" and "No Turning Back."
Author career.
Rydall is the author of ""I Could've Written a Better Movie than That!: How to Make Six Figures as a Screenplay Consultant – Even if You're Not a Screenwriter,"" and ""There's No Business Like Soul Business: a Spiritual Path to Enlightened Screenwriting, Filmmaking, and Performing arts"", both published by Michael Wiese Productions.
Other works.
Rydall has worked one-on-one with numerous screenwriters, independent producers, and executives from around the world; and has sold, optioned, or been hired to write over 20 Film & TV projects.
Personal life.
Rydall is the nephew of film director Don Siegel.

</doc>
<doc id="9782938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782938" title="Secrets of a Hollywood Super Madam">
Secrets of a Hollywood Super Madam

Secrets of a Hollywood Super Madam is an autobiography written by Jody Gibson.
Plot summary.
For 13 years, Jody Gibson owned and operated an exclusive global escort service under the name "Super Madam Sasha", while also leading a double life on radio and television as a recording artist known as "Babydol". The book describes Gibson's life as a "Super Madam" in Hollywood, as well as the challenges of simultaneously pursuing a career as a madam and a recording artist. Gibson evades law enforcement, but then is tried and convicted in a high profile trial and sent to prison.
Gibson claims that celebrities such as Bruce Willis, Ben Affleck, Tommy Lasorda, CEOs and politicians used her service. She includes actual court data from her "Black Book", which was introduced as evidence at trial by law enforcement and used to convict her, and to date has never been sued over her use of that data. Gibson has appeared on television shows many times, including on The Howard Stern Show, Larry King Live, John Gibson's "The Big Story", Geraldo Rivera, "Access Hollywood", "Showbiz Tonight", The Tyra Banks Show, Court TV's "Hollywood Heat", and Glenn Beck.
The book is now in development as a feature film about her life.

</doc>
<doc id="9782939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782939" title="Bombers B-52">
Bombers B-52

Bombers B-52 is a 1957 Warner Bros. CinemaScope film starring Natalie Wood, Karl Malden, Marsha Hunt and Efrem Zimbalist Jr., and directed by Gordon Douglas, It was adapted from a Sam Rolfe story by screenwriter Irving Wallace. Leonard Rosenman composed the film score. "Bombers B-52" concerns the introduction of the Boeing B-52 Stratofortress bomber into the Strategic Air Command (SAC) and the dilemma of a respected and experienced mechanic having to choose between the importance of life in the U.S. Air Force or making a large amount of money in civilian life.
Plot.
The Strategic Air Command is about to introduce the B-52 Stratofortress bomber as its primary manned strategic weapon. Stationed at 329th Bomb Squadron, Castle Air Force Base, California, twenty-year United States Air Force (USAF) veteran Master Sergeant Chuck Brennan (Karl Malden) dislikes his commanding officer, the "hotshot" Lieutenant Colonel Jim Herlihy (Efrem Zimbalist Jr.). Brennan has not trusted Herlihy since an incident in the Korean War. This career-long problem interferes with flight operations and aircraft support. When Herlihy starts dating Brennan's daughter Lois (Natalie Wood), tensions grow. Brennan demands his daughter break off the relationship.
Brennan, Herlihy and others try to solve all the technical problems that plague the introduction of the B-52. On one top-secret test flight to Africa, after being refueled mid-air, a control panel short-circuits, causing a fire. Herlihy orders everyone to bail out and ejects Brennan when he refuses. After safely landing the burning bomber at Castle AFB, Herlihy sends out search parties who recover all of the crew successfully except for Brennan. Following a hunch, Herlihy eventually finds the mechanic who is severely injured, and airlifts him from remote back country by helicopter to a hospital. Realizing that he was wrong about Herlihy who risked his life to bring him home, Brennan accepts that his daughter and his commanding officer should reunite. Eventually Brennan also has to choose between a high-paying civilian job and when told that his discharge papers are ready, he decides to continue his career in the USAF that he loves.
Production.
"Bombers B-52" was filmed with full cooperation of the USAF at Castle and March Air Force Bases in California, where examples of Boeing B-47 Stratojet bombers, North American F-86 Sabre fighters and B-52s were stationed. During production, Natalie Wood was named "Sweetheart of Castle Air Force Base."
The first choice for the lead was Tab Hunter who turned it down as he was tired of military roles. The prolific writer, Irving Wallace wrote a "racy" screenplay; one of the working titles was "No Sleep till Dawn" (which was used for a UK release). The screenplay was later the subject of a 1980s exposé of sexual innuendo by a film historian.
Reception.
Reviews of "Bombers B-52" mainly focused on the aerial scenes, which during the Cold war era, did project a near-propaganda effort, using many period aircraft to depict the era faithfully. The review in "The New York Times" was mildly laudatory, describing it as a "frank tribute to Air Force nuclear power, laced together with a familiar service feud ... Irving Wallace's dialogue is excellent. Furthermore, his unpretentious scenario is credible and persuasive in training sequences and especially in the hearth scenes." The performances of the leads was also considered "natural." Overall, the "The New York Times" critic thought "'Bombers B-52' is not , but it could have been much, much worse." "Variety" gushed that it was "magnificently mounted, with breathtaking scenes of the new B-52s," while "Time" magazine more aptly characterized "Bombers B-52" as a "$1,400,000 want ad for Air Force technicians." In other reviews, the dichotomy of a 19-year-old Natalie Wood, being courted by 40-year-old Efrem Zimbalist Jr. was noted as well as the attempt to portray a contemporary, if tepid love story.

</doc>
<doc id="9782944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782944" title="Icky Thump">
Icky Thump

Icky Thump is the sixth and final studio album by US alternative rock band The White Stripes. It was released June 15, 2007 in Germany, June 18, 2007 in the rest of Europe, and June 19, 2007 in the rest of the world. It was the band's only album on Warner Bros. Records.
"Icky Thump" entered the UK Albums Chart at number one and debuted at number two on the "Billboard 200" with 223,000 copies sold. By late July, "Icky Thump" was certified gold in the United States. As of March 8, 2008, the album has sold 725,125 copies in the US. On February 10, 2008, the album won a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album.
Recording and production.
After "Get Behind Me Satan", "Icky Thump" marks a return to the punk, garage rock and blues influences for which the band is known. Additionally, the album introduces Scottish folk music, avant-garde, trumpet, and bagpipes into the formula, whilst simultaneously reintroducing older characteristics such as the first studio recording of the early White Stripes song "Little Cream Soda".
"Icky Thump" was recorded and mixed entirely in analog at Nashville's Blackbird Studio by Joe Chiccarelli. According to Chiccarelli in an interview with HitQuarters, the band had already rehearsed and demoed around half the album, with the rest being conceived in the studio. The album took almost three weeks to record—the longest of any White Stripes album. The recording differed from previous albums in that White had the comparative luxury of recording to 16-track analog rather than his usual 8-track. Also, Chiccarelli said: "We spent a little more time than he is used to experimenting and trying different things on that album, whether it was different ways to record the drums or the vocals, or different arrangements, or cutting takes together.". Trumpet player Regulo Aldama, who appears on "Conquest", was discovered by Jack White at a local Mexican restaurant.
Jack White said that the album would appeal to fans of the band's self-titled debut, suggesting a stripped-down garage rock sound. A statement on the band's official website (spuriously attributed to "Kitayna Ireyna Tatanya Kerenska Alisof" of the ""Moscow Bugle"", a reference to the 1966 "Batman" film) humorously claims that:
A video of The Stripes in the studio working on the album can also be found at their site, although the aforementioned statement has this to say about the song: "The actual music has been replaced with mid eighties sampling keyboard technology to prevent what industry analysts are now calling 'song poaching.'"
"Entertainment Weekly"'s online site had an interview with Michel Gondry in which he said he would be directing a video for "I'm Slowly Turning Into You". He mentions the idea for the video. Gondry also says that the video idea came first, and after mentioning the idea to Jack White, White wrote the song to fit that idea.
Several tracks from the album were leaked, and on May 30, 2007, Chicago radio station Q101 aired the entire album without the band's permission. Jack called into the station and reacted angrily about them playing it. There is speculation that the label supplied the album to the station in order to promote its release. In the liner notes of "Icky Thump", "Electra" is thanked on the second line, just after God. According to Ben Blackwell, Jack White's nephew, this is not directed towards the radio DJ, Electra, but to a pet Jack and Meg White used to have.
The White Stripes announced the completion of "Icky Thump" on February 28, 2007. The title is derived from "ecky thump", a Lancashire colloquial response of surprise, popularized by an episode of the 1970s UK comedy series "The Goodies". On "Later with Jools Holland" (broadcast June 1, 2007) Jack attributed the album's name to its use as an exclamation by his wife, who is from Lancashire. He added that the deliberate misspelling was to make it easier for an American audience to identify with. The liner notes for "Icky Thump" also suggest the spelling variation was due to concerns over copyright infringement.
The Pearly Kings and Queens costume theme that the band used for this album is a traditional Cockney outfit, somewhat contrary to the Northern dialect of the title.
Theme.
Like all White Stripes albums, there is a central yet loose theme to the songs and album. Jack White told "Blender" in July 2007 that "["Icky Thump"] is about feeling positive about being alive, taking deep breaths and just being really happy."
Promotion and release.
The album artwork features Jack and Meg dressed as Pearlies.
To promote "Icky Thump" before its release, the band distributed custom-designed boxes and previewed tracks from the record through Ice Cream Man. The ice cream promotion focused on the Coachella, Sasquatch, and Bonnaroo festivals and culminated in the band's release show on June 20, 2007 at the site of the former West Hollywood Tower Records on Sunset Blvd., temporarily rechristened Icky Thump. Records
In addition to being released on CD and 180 gram vinyl, the band released the album on a limited edition 512 MB USB drive. There are two versions, one of which depicts Jack, the other depicting Meg. The pressing was limited to 3,333 of each, and were shipped the week of the U.S. release. Each drive contained the album in Apple lossless format.
The 180g vinyl edition contains alternate versions of both "Icky Thump" and "Rag and Bone". "Icky Thump" is a slightly different mix to the digital version and is also edited to be 14 seconds shorter. "Rag and Bone" is also a different mix but in addition contains totally different vocals for each verse (possibly the original guide vocals and there are no vocals from Meg) and is missing the harmonies from the last chorus.
The sound quality of the digital versions has been criticized for being mastered too loudly and with excessive peak limiting. Critics claim this results in clipping or "digital distortion" which can be heard as crackling, particularly during bass drum hits. The vinyl version was mastered by Steve Hoffman.
A special mono mix of Icky Thump was available on 180 gram vinyl for a short time to Third Man Vault Premium Account subscribers.
Reception.
The album received very positive reviews, with an overall average rating of 80/100 at Metacritic. Barry Nicolson with British magazine "NME" wrote, ""Icky Thump" is brilliant, there's no way around that." Commenting on the album's "fuller sound and relaxed flights of fancy," Heather Phares, with AMG, said ""Icky Thump" is a mature, but far from stodgy" album, and that "it's just great fun to hear the band play." Jon Dolon, a critic for "Blender" magazine, remarked "It's the sound of a band not stretching out so much as digging in: burrowing deeper into loamy soil they know well." In one of the more negative reviews, Josh Tyrangiel with TIME magazine remarked, "The White Stripes are too weird and talented to be boring, but it sounds like they might be a little bored." Ultimately giving the album 3.5 out of 5 stars and giving an (A-) on his website, Robert Christgau, with "Rolling Stone", summed up the return album this way "Although the new constructions don't entice as consistently as they should, their noise stays with you. And what that noise stands for is itself." He added, "Like his sometime heroes Led Zeppelin, Jack White builds monuments. They're suitable for awestruck visits. But they're no place to settle down."
On December 6, 2007, "Icky Thump" was nominated for four 2007 Grammy Awards: Best Alternative Album, Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package, Best Rock Song, and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for the single "Icky Thump", winning Best Alternative Album and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group With Vocal. Q Magazine named Icky Thump as the 2nd best album of 2007. Furthermore, the album placed #17 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the Top 50 Albums of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9782974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782974" title="Talaria projector">
Talaria projector

Talaria was the brand name of a large-venue video projector from General Electric introduced in 1983. 
Light from a Xenon arc lamp was modulated by a light valve consisting of a rotating glass disc that was continuously re-coated with a viscous oil. An electron beam similar to the one in a cathode ray tube traced a raster on the surface of the coated glass, deforming the surface of the oil. Where the oil was undisturbed, the light would be reflected into a light trap. The raster traced into the oil formed a diffraction grating.
The basic unit was monochrome (PJ7000 line). Color display is accomplished in one of two ways:
The single lens color projector (PJ5000 line) use dichroic filters to separate the white light of the xenon bulb in two channels, Green and Magenta.
RGB color separation and processing is obtained using vertical wobbulation of the electron beam on the oil film to modulate the green channel and sawtooth modulation is added to the horizontal sweep to separate and modulate Red and Blue channels. The optical system used in the Talaria line is a Schlieren optic like an Eidophor, but the color extraction is much more complex.
Two units (MLV) or three units (3LV) are stacked one atop the other, each one devoted to a single color (3LV).
In early models (PJ5000), the light source was a 650 watt xenon bulb (sealed beam) similar to the units in modern 35mm film projectors, and produced 250 lumens at a 75:1 contrast ratio. The later 3LV model produced as much as 3500 lumens at a 250:1 contrast ratio.
The later LV series had an optional "Multiple Personality" (MP) module that that would allow the projector to display various resolutions and scan rates produced by computers of the time. It could produce an 8,000 lumen image onto a 15 foot by 20 foot screen from 64 feet away. 

</doc>
<doc id="9782980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782980" title="Garland Science">
Garland Science

Garland Science is a publishing group that specializes in developing textbooks in a wide range of life sciences subjects, including cell and molecular biology, immunology, protein chemistry, genetics, and bioinformatics. It is a subsidiary of the Taylor & Francis Group. It was founded in the late 1960s by Gavin Borden (1939-1991) and gained prominence through publishing the textbook "Molecular Biology of the Cell" (authors include Bruce Alberts and Peter Walter; James D. Watson was a previous author), which has been lauded as "the most influential cell biology textbook of its time".
Other notable textbooks also published by Garland Science are "The Biology of Cancer" (by Robert Weinberg), "Immunobiology" (authors including Charles Janeway and Kenneth Murphy), "Molecular Biology of the Cell: The Problems Book" (by John Wilson and Tim Hunt), "Essential Cell Biology" (Bruce Alberts et al.), "The Immune System" (Peter Parham), "Molecular Driving Forces" (Ken A. Dill & Sarina Bromberg), and "Physical Biology of the Cell" (Rob Phillips, Jane Kondev & Julie Theriot).
The "Garland Encyclopedia of World Music" (10 volumes) is now published by Routledge, another imprint of the Taylor & Francis Group.

</doc>
<doc id="9782991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9782991" title="Bondi Tsunami">
Bondi Tsunami

Bondi Tsunami is a 2004 feature length Australian indie film directed by Rachael Lucas, inspired by young Japanese tourists who come to Australia on working holiday visas in search of sun and surf. The film plays as a road movie about Japanese surfing culture, told through a series of extended montages set to music, interspersed with poetic zen musings. Much of the film's dialogue is in Japanese, with little English spoken despite the Australian setting. The movie was billed as "The first Japanese surfing road movie in Australia." Although unable to secure an official cinema release due to its limited appeal, the film has attracted a cult following based on its controversial style.
Two scenes from the "Bondi Tsunami" were adapted into separate short films, with "Beach Route" winning the 2003 Port Macquarie Short Film Festival and "Gunja Men Ahead" in the official selection at the International New York Short Film Festival in 2004.
Director.
Rachael Lucas is a young Australian director who claims be at the forefront of the digital guerrilla filmmaking revolution. She is known for her unique visual style and has a background in documentary and music video. "Bondi Tsunami" is Lucas' first feature as writer/director.
Plot.
Shark, a surfer from Japan who is living in Bondi with no apparent direction, expectations or goals decides to join his friend Yuto and set off on a road trip through eastern Australia in a 1961 EK Holden station wagon. As they search for the perfect wave, they meet up with Shark's ex-girlfriend Kimiko, a girl who embodies the Japanese kawaii (or "cute") culture and the mysterious Gunja Man, who claims to be travelling to Nimbin. The four continue their journey stopping at many pubs, smoking large quantities of cannabis and visiting iconic Australian landmarks, including "Big" tourist attractions, The Big Pineapple, Big Merino and Big Banana.
Production and marketing.
"Bondi Tsunami" was produced on a microbudget of $150,000, with the funds being sourced from the production team's credit cards Lucas's inspiration for the film came about when she stumbled upon a Subculture of Japanese surfers who modeled themselves on Australian surf brands. Identifying a potential audience for a movie, but with a limited budget and no studio interest Lucas used guerilla tactics to garner publicity for the project, which attracted media interest through the Seven Network and "Rolling Stone" magazine. Shooting took place at various locations throughout New South Wales and Queensland, with most of the beach scenes being shot on the Central Coast, using improvisation in place of a formal script. Large parts of the film have no dialogue at all, while others are narrated through haiku poetry. None of the cast had any acting experience, nor was a professional film crew used.
As an independent foreign language film, "Bondi Tsunami" was unable to secure a cinema release. Instead, the producers hired a number of theatres around the country and embarked on a national publicity tour. A competition on the film's official website allowed people to vote for the movie to screen in their home town. After receiving the most votes, the town of Cobar was selected for the premiere on 3 September 2004 before the film's official release in Sydney on 23 September.
Reception.
The film was received with mixed reactions from reviewers. Variety magazine reviewer Russell Edwards described "Bondi Tsunami" as misguided, aimless and amateurish "sun-bronzed, but lacklustre imitation of the Japanese slacker flicks which regularly unspool at international fests" and was critical of the films production techniques. Megan Spencer of national youth radio network Triple J was more generous in her review, giving the film a rating of 3.5/5, praising it as ambitious and experimental, but noting that its repetitious imagery and style akin to music videos may become tedious to some audiences. User reviews on IMDb rate "Bondi Tsunami" 5.6/10 from 119 total reviews.
Cast.
The cast of the film includes Keita Abe as Yuto, Taki Abe as Shark, Nobuhisa Ikeda as the Gunja Man, and Miki Sasaki as Kimiko.

</doc>
<doc id="9783027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783027" title="Citharinidae">
Citharinidae

The Citharinidae, the lutefishes, are a small family of characiform fish. They are freshwater fish native to Africa, and are sufficiently abundant to be significant food fishes.
They are deep-bodied, silvery fish, measuring up to in length and weighing up to . They are filter feeders.
Genera.
The family contains three genera:

</doc>
<doc id="9783028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783028" title="Hideo Ōshima">
Hideo Ōshima

Hideo Ōshima (, born March 7, 1980 in Gunma, Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for the J-league team Giravanz Kitakyushu.
Career statistics.
As of 4 January 2012

</doc>
<doc id="9783030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783030" title="James Maclurcan">
James Maclurcan

James Maclurcan (born 15 March 1985, Sydney) is an Australian actor and model. He is probably best known for portraying Mackenzie 'Mack' Hartford, the Red Ranger, on "".
Model wise, he was in the Australian Vogue.
James has also worked as a comedy writer for The Ronnie Johns Half Hour and is part of the comedy group The Nice Guys.
He also played as Todd in Nickelodeon show Zoey 101.
Hosted the making of "" titled "Power Rangers Operation Overdrive: Behind the Scenes". A behind the scenes look on the show's makeup, props, sets, and wardrobe.
He was invited as a guest to the Power Morphicon in June 2007.
He is good friends with Caitlin Murphy ("Ronny" Robinson).
He also appeared in a commercial for Magnum Ice Cream.
Under his alias James McFay;
He directed and acted in Tiger (2009) a one hour film about two models who fall in love douring a winter session in Japan.
He also directed Burning hearts (2011) a short film about a taxi driver who fights the Yakuza in order to save the life of a teenage girl in Tokyo.
He currently has a webpage with all his artistic production called Beaufort.

</doc>
<doc id="9783034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783034" title="1989 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom">
1989 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Slalom

Men's Slalom World Cup 1988/1989
Final point standings.
In Men's Slalom World Cup 1988/89 all results count.
Men's Slalom Team Results.
bold indicate highest score - "italics" indicate race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9783048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783048" title="Juan Hernández Saravia">
Juan Hernández Saravia

Juan Hernández Saravia (Ledesma, Spain, 1880–Mexico, 1962) was a high-ranking Spanish military officer of the Republican government forces during the Spanish Civil War.
He was born into a bourgeois family, and continued a family tradition by enrolling at the artillery school in 1897. He opposed the dictatorship of Primo de Rivera. He was the chief of Azaña's military staff and worked as general co-ordinator to the minister of war. In August 1936 he was appointed minister of war, but was dismised following the fall of Talavera in September.
In 1937 he was appointed the commander of the Army of Levante and he was Republican commander at the Battle of Teruel. In December 1937 he was promoted to general. He later commanded the government forces at the Battle of the Ebro and led the Republican Army during the Catalonia campaign, but was dismissed at the very end of the war for "defeatism".
After the fall of the government, he lived in exile in France and later in Mexico, until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="9783057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783057" title="Edward Barbanell">
Edward Barbanell

Edward "Eddie" Barbanell (born 1977) is an American actor with Down's syndrome, best known for playing the character of Billy in the 2005 film "The Ringer". He attended Coral Springs High School where he graduated in 1996. He has been acting since 2000, mostly in plays, and has studied acting with Jay Lynch of the Opus Theater, Selma Glass at the Coconut Creek Recreation Center, and Allan Press of the Youth Theater in Boca Raton, Florida.
He made his return to film in October 2010, having a minor role in the film "Jackass 3D". He starred as himself alongside his good friend Johnny Knoxville, whom he met while filming "The Ringer".
In 2011, Barbanell had a guest role as Bradley in the Comedy Central series "Workaholics", reprising it again in the 2013 season 3 episode "Booger Nights." Also in 2011, he played the part of "Testiclees' Cousin" in "".
He appeared as a guest in the MTV show "Ridiculousness" on August 15, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9783058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783058" title="The New Age Outlaws">
The New Age Outlaws

The New Age Outlaws are a professional wrestling tag team currently signed to WWE.
Originally known as the New Age Outlaws in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and wrestling under the ring names "Road Dogg" Jesse James and "Badd Ass" Billy Gunn, the duo achieved high levels of success and became extremely popular in the late 1990s as members of the second incarnation of the professional wrestling stable D-Generation X. The promotion has described James and Gunn as "the most popular duo of WWE's Attitude Era." In the same time period, the New Age Outlaws had the third highest merchandise sales in the WWF after Stone Cold Steve Austin and The Rock. Upon parting ways with the WWF, the team reformed in several promotions, mostly notably in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling where, under the ringnames B.G. James and Kip James, they performed collectively as the James Gang and then as the Voodoo Kin Mafia, the latter of which was a play on the initials of their former boss in the WWF Vince McMahon.
History.
World Wrestling Federation.
Formation (1997).
The Outlaws first formed on a 1997 episode of "Shotgun Saturday Night" when struggling superstars Billy Gunn and "Road Dogg" Jesse James, then known as Rock-a-Billy and "The Real Double J" Jesse James respectively, ended their feud and teamed up.
On a later edition of "Shotgun", Jesse James walked out to the ring following a loss by Rock-A-Billy and asked him to turn on his manager The Honky Tonk Man and team with him. Rock-A-Billy answered by smashing a guitar on Honky Tonk Man's head and telling James he was in. Rock-A-Billy re-dubbed himself "Badd Ass" Billy Gunn and Jesse James rechristened himself The Road Dogg. The team made an immediate impact on the WWF tag team scene with blatant attacks against other tag teams and, not having an entrance theme, walking out to the ring with only Road Dogg making a rant against their opponents over the PA system. The team became known for pulling wins out of nowhere via cheating and use of weapons. Through their attitude, charisma and antics, they began to get over with the crowd as heels.
Tag Team Champions and D-Generation X (1997–1998).
James and Gunn defeated the Legion of Doom for the Tag Team Championship in November 1997. This marked Gunn's fourth Tag Team Title Reign and Road Dogg's first. Not only did the team win the titles that night, but they also got their "Outlaws" nickname when they "stole" the win and then ran to a waiting car, prompting "Raw" announcer Jim Ross to liken them to outlaws leaving a robbery. The name stuck and the New Age Outlaws quickly became one of the most hated teams in the WWF. During their feud with LOD, the Outlaws joined Triple H and Shawn Michaels, collectively known as D-Generation X, in assaulting the team on an episode of "Monday Night Raw", including shaving off one of Road Warrior Hawk's mohawks and throwing Road Warrior Animal through the announce table.
Shortly before the Royal Rumble in 1998, the New Age Outlaws began a feud with Mick Foley, first fighting him as Dude Love, then as Mankind and finally Cactus Jack. When it became apparent that he needed help dealing with the Outlaws, Foley brought in Chainsaw Charlie. Following a disqualification against The Legion of Doom at the Royal Rumble, the team were confronted by DX who told them they needed to start making waves by acting more controversially. In response to this, the Outlaws locked Cactus Jack and Chainsaw Charlie in a dumpster and threw it off the entrance ramp on to the concrete floor. The Outlaws initially looked concerned, but ultimately attacked their injured rivals in what Foley would describe as "one of the funnier examples of bad sportsmanship" At WrestleMania XIV, the New Age Outlaws lost the titles to Cactus Jack and Chainsaw Charlie in a Dumpster match. The next night on "Raw", however, with the aid of Triple H and X-Pac, the Outlaws regained the title in a steel cage match and officially joined DX.
The growing popularity of the "new" DX quickly turned the group from heels to tweeners, and they feuded with many different tag teams over the course of 1998. Their immense popularity was part of what helped the WWF challenge World Championship Wrestling for ratings supremacy during the Monday Night Wars. They lost the tag title to Kane and Mankind in the summer of 1998, only to regain the titles from that same team at SummerSlam in a handicap match after Kane no-showed. In late 1998 Vince McMahon's Corporation tried to tempt the Outlaws away from DX and failed, which led to the Outlaws losing the title to Corporation members Ken Shamrock and Big Boss Man.
Singles competition, reunion and split (1999–2000).
As 1999 started, the Outlaws slowly began to drift apart, with each man striving for singles gold. Road Dogg held both the Hardcore Title and the Intercontinental Championship in the first few months of 1999 (including a successful IC title defense at Wrestlemania XV), and Gunn briefly held the Hardcore title as well. In March, the pair started to team once again, leading to a match with Jeff Jarrett and Owen Hart at in April. A week later, Gunn turned heel on Road Dogg, resulting in a feud and a match at Over the Edge. The following month, Gunn went on to win the King of the Ring tournament.
During the fall of 1999 the Outlaws reunited, first as faces, but then as heels when they rejoined the reformed and now heel DX. No Way Out 2000 saw the final end of the Outlaws when Gunn received a serious arm injury during a match with the Dudley Boyz. Gunn was soon kicked out of DX after "losing his cool" and getting into a fight with all of the DX members; in reality, he needed to have surgery to repair his torn rotator cuff. Road Dogg was released from his WWF contract in early 2001 due to ongoing drug issues while Gunn was released from his contract in 2004 after ten years with the company.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
4Live Kru (2002–2005).
On September 18, 2002, "Road Dogg" Jesse James debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling under his birth name B.G. James. In July 2003, he formed a stable with Konnan and Ron "The Truth" Killings known as The 3Live Kru (3LK). The trio went on to become fan favorites and eventually won the NWA World Tag Team Championship on two occasions, which they defended collectively under the Freebird Rule. Billy Gunn debuted in TNA at Against All Odds on February 13, 2005, interfering in the NWA World Heavyweight Championship bout between Jeff Jarrett and the challenging Kevin Nash. Gunn struck Nash with a chair, but he was able to kick out of Jarrett's subsequent pin attempt. After Gunn seized the NWA World Heavyweight Championship belt in order to strike Nash with it, B.G. James ran to the ring and wrestled it away from him.
B.G. James and Gunn, now renamed The New Age Outlaw (later shortened to just The Outlaw), came into conflict once more on April 24, at Lockdown, when Jarrett, The Outlaw and Monty Brown faced Diamond Dallas Page, Sean Waltman and B.G. James (who was replacing an injured Kevin Nash) in a Lethal Lockdown match. Page, Waltman and James were victorious, although during the match James and The Outlaw refrained from fighting one another. Through October and November 2005, "The Outlaw" (now using the name Kip James, due to threats from the WWE that "The Outlaw" sounded too similar to their trademarked New Age Outlaws name) helped 3LK numerous times during their feud with Team Canada. Although he was obviously helping the Kru at every turn, Konnan refused to trust Kip.
On the November 26 episode of "TNA Impact!", and even though Konnan had his doubts, 3LK inducted Kip into the group and renamed themselves the 4Live Kru. At Turning Point, however, Konnan turned on the group, eventually forming his own group, The Latin American Xchange (LAX). Killings also went out on his own afterward, leaving only Kip and B.G. together.
The James Gang (2006).
On January 14, 2006 Kip James and B.G. James, now calling themselves The James Gang, announced that they had reunited in the face of Konnan and his new group after LAX attacked B.G.'s real-life father "Bullet" Bob Armstrong. Their official in-ring reunion took place the next night at Final Resolution, where they defeated the Diamonds in the Rough. Their feud with LAX continued and included several more appearances by "Bullet" Bob Armstrong, including an Arm Wrestling match between Konnan and the 67-year-old Armstrong.
In May 2006, The James Gang began a feud with Team 3D over which of them was the greatest tag team. The James Gang picked up a victory over Team 3D at Sacrifice after Kip used a pipe on Brother Devon. They met again at Slammiversary, with Team 3D picking up the win this time. With the teams standing at 1-1 (and Brother Runt returning to in-ring action), Team 3D challenged The James Gang to find themselves a partner and face them (Brother Runt included) in a six-man tag match at Victory Road. Whereas Team 3D expected them to get someone from their family (such as "Bullet" Bob Armstrong), the James Gang "made a deal with the devil" and paid James Mitchell to have Abyss team up with them instead. The James Gang and Abyss won the no-disqualification six-man tag match after Abyss Black Hole Slammed Brother Runt onto a table and got the pin.
Voodoo Kin Mafia (2006–2008).
On the November 2 edition of "Impact!", Kip and B.G. James cut a worked-shoot promo announcing they were quitting the company out of frustration. During the promo B.G. claimed that TNA had mismanaged him during his run there, and as Kip attempted to speak into the microphone it was cut off. Attempts to use an announcers microphone and scream directly to the crowd were met with another microphone cutting and then the show abruptly going to commercial.
After a November 11 house show in Connecticut (where World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) is based) was canceled, TNA filmed a vignette at WWE headquarters featuring the James Gang discussing the show cancellation, posting it on their website two days later. This vignette was followed with a promo on the November 16 "Impact!", during which they announced that they had been given "creative control", and were changing their name to the Voodoo Kin Mafia (VKM for short, a play on Vincent Kennedy McMahon's initials) and declaring "war" on WWE. During the "war" they called out the revived D-Generation X (DX), calling it a "failure" and stated that the original run was saved by their insertion as The New Age Outlaws in 1998. During their matches and promos on TNA television they continually included references to DX, including use of their signature taunts and maneuvers. Soon a series of vignettes began airing on "Impact!" with B.G. and Kip in and around Stamford, Connecticut, calling out Paul Levesque, Michael Hickenbottom, and Vince McMahon. During the vignettes they said they were trying to get a cease and desist letter signed and get WWE to stop using the DX name. The vignettes were notable for using the same style of humor as the original DX while running down the revived DX for doing the same thing.
When The Hardys reunited for December to Dismember and issued an open challenge the TNA website quickly posted a message from VKM accepting, though it had already been accepted by MNM. On December 1, VKM showed up at a WWE house show at the Knoxville Civic Center with Vince Russo, Jeremy Borash, and a camera crew. They interviewed fans outside, filmed themselves purchasing tickets and eventually entered the building, watching the main event match - featuring DX - from an upper level seat. At December's Turning Point, they performed a parody of DX, then, in response to Jim Ross commenting on his website that Vince McMahon probably would not respond to the "war", and in response to their still receiving of legal warnings from WWE, they issued a "Million Dollar Challenge" to Vince McMahon and DX, offering to put up $1 million for a big fight between the DX members and themselves. Hermie Sadler of the UWF promotion later offered to host the "Million Dollar Challenge" at a UWF show during the weekend of WWE's Armageddon pay-per-view event (scheduled for December 17) citing that his event was close to Richmond, Virginia, the site of Armageddon. After the challenge was ignored, they narrowed it on the January 4 "Impact!", challenging just Hickenbottom to meet them at the Alamo in his hometown of San Antonio the following Wednesday. VKM declared themselves victorious in their "war" during a promo at Final Resolution citing WWE's refusal to acknowledge their presence while fans loudly chanted both "TNA" and "VKM" during the January 8 episode of "WWE Raw".
In the same promo, they entered an angle with Christy Hemme, who declared that women deserve respect in wrestling and found herself heavily disagreed with and mocked by Kip James, while B.G. attempted to agree with her. To shut VKM up, the evil Hemme brought in The Heartbreakers (Antonio Thomas and Romeo Roselli) in to TNA as mystery opponents at Destination X, but VKM made quick work of them. Around this time, Lance Hoyt began hanging around with VKM, keeping Christy Hemme out of VKM's matches. In April, at Lockdown, Hemme had Serotonin face VKM on the pre-show, but again VKM came out victorious. At Sacrifice 2007, VKM lost to Hemme's new team Damaja and Basham formerly known as The Basham Brothers in World Wrestling Entertainment, though not fairly, as Basham and Damaja injured (kayfabe) BG James before the match, making it a handicap match. VKM finally defeated Basham and Damaja at Slammiversary after Kip pinned Basham, but Lance Hoyt turned on VKM after the match. Weeks later, at the Victory Road pay-per-view, VKM debuted a new valet/accomplice, the so-called "Voodoo Queen" Roxxi Laveaux. She attacked Hemme after VKM's match.
On February 21, 2008, Kip turned on his partner by hitting him and his father with a crutch in a tag title match against A.J. Styles and Tomko, thus ending the team.
TNA creative writer Vince Russo stated that the Voodoo Kin Mafia gimmick was cut short out of respect to Triple H, who got injured at the time.
Return to WWE (2012–present).
On July 23, 2012, the New Age Outlaws returned to WWE on the 1000th episode of "Raw" to re-unite with X-Pac, Shawn Michaels and Triple H to reform D-Generation X for one night only. On December 17, Billy Gunn and Road Dogg appeared to present the Slammy Award to Jerry Lawler for Comeback of the Year. Starting on December 26 in Detroit at the Joe Louis Arena, the team reunited to face Team Rhodes Scholars in a house show loop.
On the March 4, 2013, episode of "Old School Raw", the New Age Outlaws competed in their first televised tag team match in WWE since February 2000, where they defeated Primo and Epico. The following week on "Raw", the New Age Outlaws answered a challenge to take on Rhodes Scholars, but during the match they were attacked by Brock Lesnar.
On the January 6, 2014, episode of "Old School Raw", the Outlaws were in the corner of CM Punk during his match against Roman Reigns. On the January 10 episode of "SmackDown", the Outlaws teamed with CM Punk in a six-man tag match against The Shield in a losing effort. On the January 13 episode of "Raw", the Outlaws again teamed with Punk in a rematch against The Shield, only to abandon Punk and lose the match, thus turning heel for the first time since 1999. Four days later on "SmackDown", they defeated WWE Tag Team Champions Cody Rhodes and Goldust in a non-title match. At the Royal Rumble, the Outlaws defeated Rhodes and Goldust to become WWE Tag Team Champions, their first reign with these particular title, their sixth overall tag team championship reign in WWE and first in over 14 years, marking the longest time between reigns in WWE history. The following night on "Raw", Rhodes and Goldust invoked their rematch clause, with the Outlaws retaining the title after losing by disqualification after Brock Lesnar interfered and attacked both Rhodes and Goldust. On the February 3 episode of "Raw", Triple H granted Rhodes and Goldust a rematch for the titles in a steel cage match, in which the Outlaws would retain their title. At Elimination Chamber, the Outlaws successfully defended their titles against The Usos, but lost the championship in a rematch to The Usos on the March 3 episode of "Raw". The New Age Outlaws teamed with Kane to take on The Shield in a losing effort at WrestleMania XXX.

</doc>
<doc id="9783078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783078" title="Proteins@home">
Proteins@home

Proteins@home ("Proteins at home") was one of many distributed computing projects that uses the BOINC architecture. The project is run by the Department of Biology at École Polytechnique. The project began on December 28, 2006 and ended in June 2008.
Purpose.
Proteins@Home is a large-scale non-profit protein structure prediction project utilizing distributed computing to perform a lot of computations in a small amount of time. From their website:
"The amino acid sequence of a protein determines its three-dimensional structure, or 'fold'. Conversely, the three-dimensional structure is compatible with a large, but limited set of amino acid sequences. Enumerating the allowed sequences for a given fold is known as the 'inverse protein folding problem'. We are working to solve this problem for a large number of known protein folds (a representative subset: about 1500 folds). The most expensive step is to build a database of energy functions that describe all these structures. For each structure, we consider all possible sequences of amino acids. Surprisingly, this is computationally tractable, because our energy functions are sums over pairs of interactions. Once this is done, we can explore the space of amino acid sequences in a fast and efficient way, and retain the most favorable sequences. This large-scale mapping of protein sequence space will have applications for predicting protein structure and function, for understanding protein evolution, and for designing new proteins. By joining the project, you will help to build the database of energy functions and advance an important area of science with potential biomedical applications."
For more information, goto this link: Project Overview
Statistics.
As of March 25, 2007, Proteins@Home has 6040 of 9548 users actively participating with a total of 10405 of 15381 computers contributing. There are approximately 479 active teams spread across 100 countries.
See also.
A number of other distributed computing projects are also contributing to the protein folding idea.
Some of these projects are:

</doc>
<doc id="9783104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9783104" title="Brian Lemon">
Brian Lemon

Brian Lemon (b. Nottingham, UK, 11 February 1937) is a European jazz pianist and arranger most notable for his works with Benny Goodman, Charlie Watts, Scott Hamilton, Buddy Tate, Milt Jackson, Ben Webster, George Chisholm and Kenny Baker. He moved to London in the mid-1950s to join Freddy Randall's band. After that he worked with a variety of bands ranging from traditional to post-bop. He also had his own octet which played songs by Billy Strayhorn.

</doc>
