<doc id="9735591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735591" title="Alligator shear">
Alligator shear

An alligator shear, historically known as a lever shear and sometimes as a crocodile shear, is a metal-cutting shear with a hinged jaw, powered by a flywheel or hydraulic cylinder. Alligator shears are generally set up as stand-alone shears, however there are types for excavators. The jaw size can range from long. They are generally used to cut steel members, such as rebar, pipe, angle iron or I-beams.
Operation.
Older alligator shears were powered by a flywheel. These shears ran continuously, which posed a safety hazard. Now alligator shears are hydraulically actuated. When actuated, the piston arm extends and slowly closes the upper jaw of the alligator shear, which passes alongside the bed or lower jaw of the shear to perform the cut.
Uses.
Alligator shears are used for cutting long-length metal stock or scrap, generally where accuracy is not an important consideration, and the size or shape of the material makes other cutting or shearing options impractical- often the only other cutting option is cutting with a torch. Alligator shears are often used in conjunction with large metal shredders in the metal recycling industry, to 'clean' or prepare scrap for shredding by removing unwanted fittings or other parts the shredder will not accept.
Safety.
The safety requirements for other powered metalworking shears are contained in ANSI B11.4, but alligator shears are specifically exempted from that standard. Federal OSHA and various state OSHA programs have requirements for guarding alligator shears, and newly manufactured alligator shears are provided with guards that adjust to the size of the stock or scrap being cut. The purpose of this guard, however, is to prevent pieces of metal from being ejected during cutting. Such a guard also prevents inadvertent exposure of the operator's hands, but does not conform to more stringent 'point of operation' guarding requirements.
In an interpretive letter dated June 24, 1981, Federal OSHA discussed the guarding dilemma presented by the alligator shear.
In instances where the shear is exclusively used for routine cuts on standardized stock, safeguarding of the point of operation is definable. In other instances, the operator is safeguarded from exposure to the point of operation by the physical size and configuration of the material being cut.
These practical considerations for guarding are not exclusive to alligator shears. A much more common type of equipment, the press brake, also requires point of operation guarding when used with standardized stock, but not with large-dimension stock.

</doc>
<doc id="9735593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735593" title="Haji Shariatullah">
Haji Shariatullah

Haji Shariatullah (1781–1840) was an eminent Islamic reformer of the Indian subcontinent in British India. He is known for founding Faraizi movement.
Earlylife 
Haji Shariat Ullah was born in 1781in faridpur district in east Bengal(today part of Bangladesh). His father was a farmer and his family was not very well off. In 1799he travelled to Arabia on pligrimage and stayed there for the next nineteen years. He became greatly influenced by the beliefs of Sheikh Muhammad Abdul Wahab.
On his return to East Bengal he started his own reform movement designed to purify Islam of the Hindu influences.Haji Shariat Ullah died in 1840,but his work was carried out by his son Mohsin-Ud-Din.
Life in Arabia.
Haji Shariatullah stayed there from 1799 to 1818 and got his religious education. He learnt Arabic and Persian from his teacher, Maulana Basharat. During his stay in Arabia he came into close contact with Wahabism started by Sheikh Muhammad Abdul Wahab. He was really influenced by the point of views of the Wahabi Movement. While he was in Arabia, he kept on thinking to be of help to his Muslim brothers in East Bengal.
The Faraizi Movement.
The Faraizi Movement essentially a religious reform movement had emerged forth during the 19th century, founded by Haji Shariatullah by the Bengali Muslims. The term Faraizi has been deduced from `farz`, standing for compulsory and mandatory duties ordained by Allah. The Faraizis are, thus, those bunch of men whose only objective is to implement and impose these mandatory religious duties. The promoter and initiator of the Faraizi Movement, Haji Shariatullah, however had represented the term in a different light and sense, implying to assimilate every religious duty ordained by the Quran as well as by the Sunnah of the Prophet.
Prior to the uprising of the Faraizi movement, there lies hidden a history and backdrop which indeed had induced the Bengali Muslims and Shariatullah in large to incite such an action against the British oppression. Haji Shariatullah had been onto a pilgrimage to Mecca, staying back for twenty years and being absorbed in comprehending religious doctrines under Shaikh Tahir Sombal, a heavyweight of the Hanafi School. Returning home, he had plunged a movement to make the Bengali Muslims espouse the true canons of Islam. After his return to Bengal under British Indian rule, he had remained a continuous witness to the appalling and degenerating conditions of his brotherhood, calling them forth to give up un-Islamic practices (Bidah) and execute their honest duties as Muslims (Faraiz). Due to various accumulating historical reasons, the Muslims of Bengal had been merrily complying with umpteen local customs, rituals and observances, which were almost unimaginable and displaced from the principles of Islam. Most Bengali Muslims did not even abide by the basic principles of Islam and adhered to these Hindu customs.
Haji Shariatullah then and there had sworn to bring the Bengali Muslims back in the true path of Islam, which later had churned into the gargantuan Faraizi Movement. He had assayed to lay paramount accentuation on the five fundamentals of Islam, insisted on the complete acceptance and strict observation of virginal monotheism and reprobated all digressions from the original doctrines as shirk (polytheism) and bid`at (sinful conception). Umpteen rituals and ceremonies affiliated with birth, marriage and death like "Chuttee- Puttee", "Chilla", Shabgasht procession, "Fatihah", "Milad" and "Urs" were heavily prohibited by Shariatullah. Saint-worship, demonstrating unnecessary admiration to the Pir, lifting of the Taziah during Muharram were also adjudged shirk. Haji Shariatullah indeed had laid gross emphasis upon justice, social equality and universal fraternity of Muslims.
Haji Shariatullah deemed British domination in Bengal as exceedingly detrimental to the religious life of the followers of Islam. Travelling in earnest quest of the Hanafi law, he spoke up that the complete non-existence of a lawfully-appointed Muslim caliph or representative administrator in Bengal had stripped the Muslims of the privilege of observing congregational prayers. To the Faraizis, Friday congregation was inexcusable in a predominantly non-Muslim state like Bengal. The Faraizi movement thus began to circulate with astonishing promptness in the districts of Dhaka, Faridpur, Bakerganj, Mymensingh, Tippera (Comilla), Chittagong and Noakhali (back then, during British Indian times, the country was yet to be divided, hence these regions very well fell under the erstwhile undivided Bengal), as well as to the province of Assam. Faraizi movement, however, acquired its grooviest momentum in those provinces where the Muslim peasantry was horribly dejected under the tyrannical domination of Hindu zamindars and the sadistic European indigo planters.
Many Muslims, on the other hand, did not abide by the Faraizi doctrine and tried to defend against their activities with aid from the Hindu zamindars. The landlords of Dhaka, hence, guaranteed the eviction of Haji Shariatullah by the police in 1831, from Ramnagar or Nayabari, where he had assembled his propaganda centre. Through unremitting engagement with the Hindu landlords and European indigo planters, this movement swelled into a socio-economic issue, which became an overriding feature of the Faraizi movement under Shariatullah`s son Dudu Miyan and his descendants.
The landlords levied numerous Abwabs (plural form of the Arabic term bab, signifying a door, a section, a chapter, a title). During Mughal India, all temporary and conditional taxes and impositions levied by the government over and above regular taxes were referred to as abwabs. More explicitly, abwab stood for all irregular impositions on Raiyats above the established assessment of land in the Pargana) over and above normal rent and such abwabs were horribly dishonest in the eye of law. Several abwabs were of religious nature. Haji Shariatullah then intervened to object to such a practice and commanded his disciples not to pay these dishonest cesses to the landlords. The landlords had even inflicted a ban on the slaughter of cow, especially on the occasion of Eid-ul-Azha. The Faraizis ordained their peasant followers not to cling and stick by to such a ban. All these heated instances added up to tensed and stressed relationships amongst the Faraizies and the landlords, who were nearly all Hindus. This was another major communal cause, which in the long run, had induced these two religious factions to stand against each other, leading to the Fairizi Movement.
Gradually gathering up incidents under the Islamic-led Faraizi movement could be witnessed in various parts of Bengal, with overwhelming English-Bengali agreement for perhaps the very first time. The outraged landlords built up a propaganda campaign with the British officials, incriminating the Faraizis with mutinous mood. In 1837, these Hindu landlords indicted Haji Shariatullah of attempting to build up a monarchy of his own, similar in lines to Titu Mir. They also brought several lawsuits against the Faraizis, in which they benefitted dynamic cooperation of the European indigo planters. Shariatullah was placed under the detention of the police in more than one instance, for purportedly inciting agrarian turbulences in Faridpur.
After the bereavement of Haji Shariatullah in 1840, his only son Muhsinuddin Ahmad, alias Dudu Miyan was heralded the chief of the Faraizi movement. It was under Dudu Miyan`s leadership that the Faraizi movement took on agrarian disposition. He had machinated and masterminded the oppressed peasantry against the oppressive landlords. In trembling vengeance, the Hindu landlords and indigo planters tried to hold back Dudu Miyan by constituting false cases against him. But, he had turned so very iconic with the peasantry that in these several issued cases, courts hardly ever establish a witness against Dudu. The initial victories of Dudu Miyan caught the fancy of the masses and his reputed standing rose high and higher in their respect. These incidents also lent additional impetus to the circulation of the Faraizi movement and drew to its congregation not only numerous Muslims, who so far stood cold, but also Hindus and native Christians who assayed Dudu Miyan`s protection against the tyrannical landlords.
Dudu Miyan however, passed away in 1862 and before his death he had appointed a board of guardians to watch over his minor sons, Ghiyasuddin Haydar and Abdul Gafur, alias Naya Miyan, who succeeded his father sequentially. The board, scouting under great troubles, kept the now-declining Faraizi movement from shattering to pieces. It was not until Naya Miyan reached maturity that it recovered some of its lost force and vigour. Nabinchandra Sen, the then sub-divisional officer of Madaripur, deemed it practical to enter into a treaty of mutual help with the Faraizi leaders, who, in their turn, demonstrated a zeal of cooperation towards the government.
On the death of Naya Miyan in 1884, the third and youngest son of Dudu Miyan, Syeduddin Ahmad, was hailed as the leader by the Faraizis. During Syeduddin Ahmad`s period, the clash of the Faraizis with the Taiyunis, another reformist group, reached its peak status and religious debates between the two schools had become a common place episode in the then British Indian Bengal. Syeduddin was conferred the title of Khan Bahadur by the government. In 1905, on the question of the partition of Bengal, he lent tremendous support to Nawab Salimullah in favour of partition, but he too expired in 1906. Faraizi Movement was now, almost biting the dust of degenerating soil, with no potential hope for an intelligent tomorrow.
Khan Bahadur Syeduddin was succeeded by his eldest son Rashiduddin Ahmad, also acknowledged as Badshah Miyan. During the early years of his leadership, Badshah Miyan strictly had defended the policy of co-operation towards the colonial government. But the dissolution and succeeding invalidation of the partition of Bengal made him terribly anti-British and he this began taking active part in the Khilafat and Non-Cooperation Movements. Soon after the establishment of Pakistan, Badshah Miyan called for a conference of the Faraizis at Narayanganj and declared Pakistan as Dar-ul-Islam and afforded permission to his followers to hold the congregational prayers of Jum`ah and Eid. In such a gradual manner, the Faraizi movement lost its erstwhile zing and forcefulness, as the country witnessed its Independence, coupled with the Partition into two distinctive nations, comprising Hindus and Muslims.
Doctrines of Faraizi Movement 
The Faraizis had strongly clung to the Hanafi School with particular oddities in their religious beliefs as well as practices. These oddities can be loosely classed together into five Faraizi doctrines, comprising: (i) tawbah i.e. to remain repentant for past sins as a step towards the purification of soul; (ii) to rigorously observe the mandatory duties of Faraiz; (iii) tawhid or Unitarianism as was enounced by the Quran; (iv) India being Dar-ul-Harb, Jum`ah and Eid congregations were not deemed mandatory and, (v) disapproving all popular rites and ceremonies, which possessed no acknowledgment to the Quran and Prophetic traditions, as sinful designs. The chief of the Faraizis were referred to as Ustad or teacher and his disciples Shagird or students, instead of employing terms like pir and murid. A person so inducted into the Faraizi congregation were referred to as Tawbar Muslim or Mumin.
Organisation of Faraizi Movement 
In organising the Faraizi society and additional movement, Dudu Miyan primarily had two objectives in perspective, comprising: (i) safeguarding the Faraizi peasantry from the tyranny of the zamindars and European indigo planters and, (ii) guaranteeing social justice for the bulks. In order to guarantee the first objective, Dudu Miyan had parented up a volunteer corps of clubmen (lathial) and ordained for their regular training in the art of combating with clubs. For guaranteeing the second objective, he had resurrected the traditional system of local government (Panchayat) under Faraizi headship. The former came to be acknowledged as the Siyasti or political branch and the latter Dini or religious branch, which were consolidated later on into a hierarchical Khilafat system.
The Faraizi Khilafat system was contrived to bring together all the Faraizis under the direct control of the authorised representatives of Dudu Miyan who stood at the zenith of the hierarchy of khalifahs. He had thus appointed three grades of khalifahs, consisting of: (i) the Uparastha Khalifah, (ii) the Superintendent Khalifah and, (iii) the Gaon Khalifah.
Dudu Miyan then had separated the Faraizi settlement into small units comprising 300 to 500 families and decreed a Gaon or ward Khalifah over each unit. Ten or more such units were classed together into a circle or Gird, which was placed under a Superintendent Khalifah. The Superintendent Khalifah was furnished with a peon and a piyadah or guard, who was despatched to and fro keeping contact with the Gaon Khalifaha on one hand and with the Ustad on the other. The Uparastha Khalifahs were consultants and experts to the Ustad and stayed back in Dudu Miyan`s company at Bahadurpur, the headquarters of the Faraizi movement.
The Gaon Khalifah represented himself as a community leader, whose duty was to circularise religious teaching, implement religious duties, preserve a prayer-hall, take care of the morals and parcel out justice by consulting with elders. He was also required to preserve a Maktab for preaching the Quran and elementary lessons to the children. The Superintendent Khalifah`s chief functions were to oversee the activities of the Gaon Khalifahs, take care of the well-being of the Faraizis of his Gird or jurisdiction, sermonise the fundamentals of religion and in particular, to sit as a Court of Appeal against the decisions of the Gaon Khalifahs, if any. In such cases, the Superintendent Khalifah heard the appeal sitting in a council of the Khalifahs of his Gird. In all affairs, religious as well as political, the decision of Dudu Miyan was final and as the Ustad he also acted as the ultimate Court of Appeal
Memorials.
Palong thana, a district in the Dhaka Division of central Bangladesh was named as Shariatpur District on the honor of Haji Shariatullah.

</doc>
<doc id="9735603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735603" title="Tom Frame (bishop)">
Tom Frame (bishop)

Tom Frame (born 1962) is an Australian Anglican bishop, historian, academic, author and social commentator.
Frame was born in Stanmore, New South Wales and raised in Wollongong by his adoptive parents.
Career.
After commencing his education at West Wollongong Infants School (1968–70), West Wollongong Primary School (1971–74, awarded Dux in 1974) and Wollongong High School (1975–78), Frame joined the Royal Australian Naval College, HMAS Creswell as a 16-year-old junior entry cadet midshipman in January 1979. Later that year, he was assigned to the destroyer escort as a junior officer under training, where he earned his helmsman's certificate. He graduated from the RAN College in December 1983. Frame completed his studies in Chinese history and economics at the University of New South Wales, graduating with Bachelor of Arts (honours), and the inaugural W.J. Liu Memorial Prize for Excellence in Chinese Studies in 1984.
Frame was the inaugural Summer Vacation Scholar at the Australian War Memorial in 1985, then completed his training aboard HMA Ships and . He was then assigned to the shore establishment as an instructor. While there, he took on additional duty as director of the base's museum, also working as a consultant for the Australian National Maritime Museum and studying for a Diploma in Education from the University of Melbourne.
Frame was appointed Research Officer to the Chief of Naval Staff at Navy Office, Canberra in April 1988. Two years later he undertook study in military history at the Australian Defence Force Academy leading to the award of a PhD in October 1991, taking as his thesis topic the "Melbourne"-"Voyager" collision. He served as a staff officer at the Headquarters, Australian Defence Force, then resigned from the RAN in November 1992.
Post Naval Career.
Frame then completed a Master of Theology degree with a thesis entitled "The Delphic Sword: Reconciling Christianity and Military Service in Australia" and trained for the priesthood in the Anglican Church of Australia in the Diocese of Canberra and Goulburn.
He was ordained in December 1993 and appointed curate of St John’s Church in Wagga Wagga and a Visiting Scholar at Charles Sturt University. In November 1995, he was inducted as Rector of St James’ Church, Binda.
From 1996 to 1997, he took leave in England and completed a Master of Arts (Honours) in applied theology at the University of Kent at Canterbury as the Lucas Tooth Scholar and ministered in the United Benefice of Hever, Four Elms and Markbeech in the Diocese of Rochester.
He became Rector of St Philip’s Church, Bungendore, in January 1999 and was appointed lecturer (half-time) in public theology at St Mark’s National Theological Centre in June 2000. He was also a Visiting Fellow in the School of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the Australian National University from 1999 to 2003.
On 28 June 2001, he was consecrated bishop and became the first full-time Anglican Bishop to the Australian Defence Force. He was the youngest Anglican bishop in Australia when consecrated and the fifth youngest in the nation's history. He was Patron of the Armed Forces Federation of Australia (2002–06), a member of the Council of the Australian War Memorial (2004–07) and judged the Inaugural Prime Minister's Prize for Australian History in 2007.
Academic career.
Frame resigned as Anglican Bishop to the Australian Defence Force in November 2006 to become the Director of St Mark's National Theological Centre at Barton in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, the administrative headquarters of the School of Theology of Charles Sturt University with the title of Professor. He was Head of the CSU School of Theology from November 2006 to June 2008. He completed his Directorship of St Mark's in January 2014.
In July 2014, Frame was appointed Director of the Australian Centre for the Study of Armed Conflict and Society (ACSACS) at University of NSW Canberra and commissioned to produce a 50th anniversary history of the relationship between the University and the Department of Defence for release in 2017.
Personal life.
Frame married Helen (Bardsley), a pianist, secondary school science teacher and former Army Reserve Officer, in December 1983 at Huskisson, New South Wales. They have two daughters (Megan (1987) and Kelly (1989)) and two granddaughters (Lily and Imogen). In 2010, he relocated to a rural property adjacent to the village of Tarago (north-east of Canberra) where he is engaged in small-scale beef production. He is also Honorary Priest in Charge of the Mulwaree Anglican Mission District consisting of churches at Lake Bathurst, Tarago, Currawang and Collector.
Publications.
Frame is the author (or editor) of more than 25 books, including:
He co-authored: 

</doc>
<doc id="9735619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735619" title="Malta Library and Information Association">
Malta Library and Information Association

The Malta Library and Information Association (MaLIA), an affiliated member of the International Federation of Library Associations (IFLA), has been set up in 1969. 
The association, whose membership is open to anyone involved in library and archive work, is linked with international similar associations and publishes monographs and other material for educational and informational purpose on a regular basis.
MaLIA is also one of the founder members of the Commonwealth Library Association (COMLA).

</doc>
<doc id="9735622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735622" title="Buller">
Buller

Buller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9735657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735657" title="The Scott Mission">
The Scott Mission

The Scott Mission is a Christian non-denominational charity organization in Ontario, Canada, providing services to poor, homeless and vulnerable people. The mission is based in downtown Toronto and aims to offer practical, emotional, and spiritual support for thousands of people each year.
Morris and Annie Zeidman founded The Scott Mission in 1941. It was their belief that the hunger of the soul needed to be addressed as well as the hunger of the physical body.
Services.
The Scott Mission has two locations in Toronto. At 502 Spadina Avenue, the Mission offers hot meals, free bag lunches, overnight shelter for 45-50 men each night, shower and laundry facilities, a food and clothing bank, Bible study groups and fellowship activities. The Mission opened the O'Connor Family Centre in May of 2013, at 1550 O'Connor Drive, designed to serve families in the east end of Toronto. They offer a Christian Childcare Centre, food and clothing bank, youth programs and a variety of resources for families.
The Mission also has a lodge in Collingwood, Ontario that is used as a retreat centre away from the city. The Lodge is located on on the Blue Mountain overlooking Georgian Bay, and was a gift to the Mission in honour of founder Rev. Morris Zeidman.
The group owns a campground in Caledon, Ontario, about a 45-minute drive north of Toronto. In the summer, around 600 children and youth from low-income neighbourhoods attend The Scott Mission's camp.
Funding.
The Mission spends about $8,000,000 per year, including capital projects. This covers the cost for 160 full-time and part-time staff plus all of the costs associated with providing services for tens of thousands of needy people every year.
The Mission is funded through three main sources: donations from private individuals, businesses and foundations; bequest income; and investment income. Less than 10 per cent of the Mission’s revenues come from government.
Statistics.
In 2012, The Scott Mission:

</doc>
<doc id="9735666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735666" title="London Buses route 521">
London Buses route 521

London Buses route 521 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Waterloo and London Bridge stations, it is operated by London General.
History.
Red Arrow route 507 commenced operating on 18 July 1992 as part of the "Red Arrow" network of bus routes aimed at commuters in Central London linking some of the capital's main Railway termini.
On 2 June 2002, along with route 507, the route was the first bus route in London to be converted to articulated bus operation with a fleet of Mercedes-Benz O530G Citaros, replacing the ageing Leyland National Greenways. Being commuter routes, and so little used outside peak times, these routes were deemed suitable to test the articulated buses on, rather than a major trunk route. Also, many passengers are short distance travellers and unlikely to use the top deck, and they would not have to stand over long periods of time. At the time peak journeys on route 521 ran via the Strand Underpass rather than Aldwych, making double deck operation impossible.
During late 2003, early 2004, a series of onboard fires on Mercedes-Benz O530Gs led to withdrawal of the entire fleet, while Mercedes-Benz made some modifications. During this period limited services operated using a variety of different buses on route 507, including double-deckers. In April 2007, n evening service was introduced and all services routed via the Strand Underpass.
In September 2009, as part of the move to replace London's articulated buses, the O530Gs were replaced by Mercedes-Benz O530 Citaros.
The peak vehicle requirement increased from 19 to 31 to cope with the increased frequency, now at every 2-3 minutes. One criticism on articulated buses was high levels of fare evasion, yet the new Citaros retain open boarding, to help move commuters quickly from the busy rail termini. This has drawn further criticism, as the "Red Arrow" name was dropped on conversion, so there is nothing to distinguish the buses from normal services, with fears passengers may start boarding normal buses through the centre doors.
Another criticism of articulated buses was the low number of seats, with only 49 per vehicle. A standard rigid Citaro has 44 seats, however the new ones for route 521 have just 21, with room supposedly for up to 76 standees, leading to criticism the new buses were "cattle trucks" and even more crowded than the buses they replaced. Despite the increase in frequency, the total number of seats has dropped.
In December 2013, two trial BYD electric buses were introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="9735679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735679" title="Take Me High">
Take Me High

Take Me High is a 1973 British feature film, directed by David Askey, written by Christopher Penfold and starring Cliff Richard in his final film role, with Deborah Watling, Hugh Griffith, George Cole and Anthony Andrews.
Set and filmed in Birmingham, it featured many landmarks from the city, including Gas Street Basin, Alpha Tower, the Council House (as a hotel), Spaghetti Junction, New Street, Corporation Street, Central Library and the Hall of Memory.
It was released on Warner Home Video in 1988 as a VHS tape, but has never been given a retail release on DVD, however a free DVD of the film was issued with "The Daily Mail" on 25 September 2010.
A soundtrack album by Richard was issued and remains in print (now on CD) to this day. The title cut was a UK top 30 single.

</doc>
<doc id="9735692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735692" title="Agnibilékrou">
Agnibilékrou

Agnibilékrou is a town in Agnibilékrou Department of Côte d'Ivoire. It is located in Moyen-Comoé Region.
Sister city.
Agnibilékrou is twinned with Lafayette, Louisiana, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="9735719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735719" title="Eric Pele">
Eric Pele

Eric Pele (born October 21, 1969) is a retired American mixed martial artist and former King of the Cage Super Heavyweight Champion. Pele is also an accomplished tattoo artist who has appeared on the reality television shows "Inked" and "Tattoo Nightmare", with the latter appearing on Spike TV, using the nickname 'Big E'. He has competed in various mixed martial arts organizations including RINGS, MFC, and King of the Cage.

</doc>
<doc id="9735720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735720" title="Leonard William King">
Leonard William King

Leonard William King, F.S.A. (8 December 1869 – 20 August 1919) was an English archaeologist and Assyriologist educated at Rugby School and King's College in Cambridge. He collected stone inscriptions widely in the Near East, taught Assyrian and Babylonian archaeology at King's College for a number of years, and published a large number of works on these subjects. He is also known for his translations of ancient works such as the Code of Hammurabi. He became the Assistant to the Keeper of Egyptian and Assyrian Antiquities at the British Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="9735729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735729" title="Papa a la Huancaína">
Papa a la Huancaína

Papa a la Huancaína (literally, Huancayo style potatoes) is a Peruvian salad of boiled yellow potatoes (similar to the Yukon Gold potatoes) in a spicy, creamy sauce called Huancaína sauce. Although the dish's name is derived from Huancayo, a city in the Peruvian highlands, it has become a staple of everyday and holiday cuisine throughout the country.
It is typically served cold as a starter over lettuce leaves and garnished with black olives, white corn kernels and hard boiled egg quarters.
The sauce is made of fresh white cheese (Queso fresco-similar to feta or lumpy farmers cheese), vegetable oil, aji amarillo (yellow Peruvian pepper), evaporated milk and salt mixed in a blender. Some recipes call for garlic, onion and crushed saltines.
In the south of Peru (Cuzco, Puno, Arequipa) it is served with ocopa rather than Huancaína sauce, made from freshly toasted peanuts, fried onions and tomatoes, aji amarillo, cream or condensed milk, crushed crackers or dried bread, salt, and huacatay ("Tagetes minuta").
Because it is served cold Papa a la Huancaina is a favorite food of Peruvians to take on picnics and trips.

</doc>
<doc id="9735733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735733" title="T. R. (disambiguation)">
T. R. (disambiguation)

T.R. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9735736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735736" title="University of South Carolina Press">
University of South Carolina Press

The University of South Carolina Press (or USC Press), founded in 1944, is a university press that is part of the University of South Carolina. 

</doc>
<doc id="9735747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735747" title="Słońsk">
Słońsk

Słońsk () is a village in Sulęcin County of the Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.
The village borders the Ujście Warty National Park. It had town privileges from 1808 to 1947. During the Second World War, Słońsk was the site of a former Nazi concentration camp (now a museum). The village lies about 25 kilometres (or 16 miles) northwest of Sulęcin and southwest of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
History.
Present-day Słońsk was founded in territory, formerly part of the Kingdom of Poland, acquired by the German Margraviate of Brandenburg during the High Middle Ages. The Slavic inhabitants of the region were gradually Germanicized in the centuries that followed.
Then known as "Sonnenburg", the settlement first appears in documents in 1295. The Knights Templar held lands and buildings in the town. In 1312, the Margrave of Brandenburg and the Bishop of Lebus were joint overlords of Sonnenburg. Henning and Arnold von Uechtenhagen later received Sonnenberg as a fief and built the first castle there in 1341. From the 15th century, the town maintained a close connection with the Order of Saint John (the Knights Hospitaller), who had purchased it from Margrave Friedrich I of Brandenburg. The castle became the seat of the Bailiwick of Brandenburg of the Order, which greatly enlarged the town, building a new church (between 1474 and 1522), a new castle (between 1545 and 1564), and a model hospital (in the 19th century).
A severe prison was built in the town in 1832. It held such Polish fighters for independence as Karol Libelt and Bronisław Dąbrowski (the son of General Jan Henryk Dąbrowski). During World War II, defenders of the Poznań citadel were held in the prison after capture, and in 1944 some of the former fighters in the Warsaw Uprising were incarcerated there.
Concentration camp.
In 1933, German authorities created Sonnenburg concentration camp, in which such anti-Nazi activists as Carl von Ossietzky and Hans Litten were held.
During the night of 30/31 January 1945, the SS executed 819 political prisoners from many European countries at Sonnenburg.
After World War II.
Sonnenburg was captured by the Soviet Red Army in the spring of 1945, as the Second World War in Europe drew to its close. The post-war Potsdam Conference later that year severed Sonnenburg from Germany and awarded it to Poland, which renamed it "Słońsk". Most of the former inhabitants were expelled, as occurred throughout the former German territories, and replaced by Poles expelled from the former Polish "Kresy Wschodnie" (taken by the Soviet Union) and by settlers from central Poland.
In 1947 Słońsk lost its town rights and reverted to the status of a village.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9735753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735753" title="Janice Brown (superintendent)">
Janice Brown (superintendent)

Janice Brown is a former superintendent of Kalamazoo Public Schools, in Kalamazoo, Michigan. Brown developed the Kalamazoo Promise, a program funded by anonymous donors that provides a scholarship of up to 100% of tuition for state colleges and universities for the school district's graduates. The program is credited with rising housing prices, commerce, population, economy, and school quality in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="9735760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735760" title="The Queen and I (song)">
The Queen and I (song)

"The Queen and I" is the first single from the Gym Class Heroes (GCH) album, "As Cruel as School Children". The song is a more fast-paced song than many other of the group's songs. The song refers to lead singer, Travis McCoy, falling in love with an alcoholic (the "Queen"). "The Queen and I" was a non-chart qualifier in the UK as both physical formats contained a sticker, which is against UK chart rules. The single was re-released in the UK on 29 October 2007, following the top five success of "Cupid's Chokehold" and "Clothes Off!!" there. This song has been featured in computer games such as Tony Hawk's Project 8 and as an instrumental version on Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08.
Formats and track listings.
UK CD:
7" Vinyl:
UK re-release CD 1:
UK re-release CD 2:
UK re-release 7" Vinyl:
Australian CD:
Music video.
The music video was directed by Shane Drake and starts with multiple men (such as a jester and a wizard) all trying to gain the love of a queen. Each one desperately tries to woo her, each one equally as unsuccessful. Travis McCoy then comes in and tries his luck by rapping for the queen, but he also seems to be unsuccessful. As he leaves, he trips and the queen smiles. She soon changes her mind about him and chases after him. However, when she reaches him, he disappears, leaving only his jacket and his trademark, a toothbrush (he is seen brushing his teeth at some point in almost every video). The video ends with the queen looking very angry and the words "she was to live unhappily ever after" are printed on the last page of a story book (the one opened at the beginning of the video).

</doc>
<doc id="9735785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735785" title="Lomo saltado">
Lomo saltado

Lomo saltado is a popular, traditional Peruvian dish, a stir fry that typically combines marinated strips of sirloin, or other beef steak, with onions, tomatoes, and other ingredients, served with fried potato slices ("french fries") and rice. The dish originated as part of the chifa tradition, the Chinese cuisine of Peru, though its popularity has made it part of the mainstream culture.
The dish is normally prepared by marinating sirloin strips in vinegar, soy sauce and spices, and stir frying these with red onions, parsley, tomatoes, and possibly other ingredients. The use of both potatoes (which originated in Peru) and rice (which originated in Asia) as starches are typical of the cultural blending that the dish represents.

</doc>
<doc id="9735818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735818" title="Mark Waters">
Mark Waters

Mark Waters may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9735849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735849" title="Midnight Stranger">
Midnight Stranger

Midnight Stranger (1994) is the first of two published interactive multimedia CD-ROM based collaborations between writer and director Jeff Green and the Animatics Multimedia Corporation. Noted for its cinéma vérité style, it is a Point Of View (POV) video-based experiment in simulated socializing that takes place in an anonymous city late one night. Players navigate between several locations, and can interact with one or more people in each location to varying effects based on the player's "reactions" to that person. The main technical innovation of "Midnight Stranger" is its use of an emotional continuum "Mood Bar" for interaction with the in-story characters rather than a text interface or an itemized set of options for each interaction. The "Mood Bar" simulates some of the frustration and uncertainty when dealing with other people in social situations, and provides a more realistic role playing experience.
Gameplay.
The major technical innovation of the game is its user interface which consists of a continuous coloured band called the "Mood Bar" that appears below the characters when they pause in the “dialogue” for user input. The red, left end of the bar represents a negative response ("no", "I disagree", "I don’t like that"), the blue central part of the band represents a neutral response ("I don’t know", "I don’t care", "I have no opinion"), and the green right end of the bar represents a positive response ("yes", "I agree", "I like that"). While the bar is a smooth colour gradient that shows no clear demarcations, giving the illusion of infinite choice, there were usually only three possible pathways from any given bar, with varying percentages of the bar devoted to the choices depending on circumstance. Only one other production has been published using this device (Mode, 1995).
Navigation is primarily between still images of street scenes and building fronts. Moving the mouse raised a small "GO" icon in directions you may progress, bringing up another still image location. Some of these icons appear on entrances to public locations; a movie theatre, restaurants, clubs, etc. Clicking on these takes you to an interior scene including people. Rolling over some of these people raised a "TALK" icon, indicating that clicking on them will instigate a "conversation".
Because of disc size restrictions at the time of creation there was a serious limitation in the amount of video content that could be included on a disc. To accommodate this and still have enough material to constitute a viable product, Green conceived of a technique for embedding small frames of video into full screen still frames, usually the head and shoulders of the speaking character being the only part of the frame that moved. This approach was both lauded and criticized in published reviews, since it is a clever solution yet often creates distracting disjoints between character motion and the framing image.
Midnight Stranger has eighteen onscreen performers with varying depths of content. Only three of the characters are involved in a plot that can lead to various "endings", involving a supernatural object of extraterrestrial origin. In an effort to create a filmic feel, a feature causes that after a given amount of time (about sixty minutes) in game play the "relationship" with any character will lead to an "ending" that triggers the credits. If you manage to find the object there are several scenes where an icon appears representing the object. If you click the icon a brief special effect ensues, depending on the circumstance.
The overarching concept is that "you" are a stranger in a late-night city who engages random people in conversation, on the street, in bars, clubs or restaurants. These conversations, dictated by Mood Bar choices, can lead to dead ends or various "fulfillments", depending on the character. Three of the female characters can lead to short sex encounters with minimal (waist-up) nudity. The disc was given an "adults-only" rating mostly because of the extremely strong language, mostly delivered by one character ("The Hood").
Development.
In 1992 the Animatics Multimedia Corporation, founded by Alfredo Coppola and Simon Goodwin, was a middle-level computer graphics and multimedia purveyor for Ottawa corporations and Canadian government departments. Through a friendship with Jeff Green they were allowing him to use their graphics hardware to produce animation for his television show "Cowboy Who?". When Goodwin came up with an idea for a social video-based interactive "game" they called on Green to help them develop the idea and to write and direct the final product. Using friends, they produced a brief demo and began shopping it to multimedia publishers. After several false starts they finally established a relationship with Gazelle Technologies, a San Diego-based company primarily associated with mail order CD-ROM distribution, and began the production process. Originally Green wrote a complicated multi-layer script that would have called for hundreds of hours of final footage, but when he began the auditions he became fascinated with the extraordinary life stories the (predominantly inexperienced) applicants told him, and he decided on a different direction that would use their life stories in improvised performances. Locations were selected and, in June 1993, Green began the shooting using a Sony Hi-8 handycam, sometimes doing all set preparation and lighting himself. Principal photography was completed in July 1993 and Goodwin began the programming. A beta version was presented at the Macromedia International User's Conference in San Francisco, September 1993, where it won a People’s Choice Award, and the first Mac consumer version was released in November of that year. A PC version followed in early 1994.
Reception.
Overall "Midnight Stranger" was well-reviewed in the literature, but was never reprinted after its initial release and never achieved anything except mail order availability. Its critical success did lead to an association of Green and Animatics with the Ottawa-based Corel Corporation, which financed an elaborate follow-up CD-ROM (Mode) and associated web-based version ("Club Mode").

</doc>
<doc id="9735864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735864" title="Salchipapas">
Salchipapas

A salchipapa or salchipapas is a fast food dish commonly consumed as street food throughout Latin America. The dish's name is a portmanteau of the Spanish words ""salchicha"" (sausage) and ""papa"" (potato). Salchipapas typically consist of thinly sliced pan-fried beef sausages and French fries, mixed together with a savory coleslaw on the side. The dish is served with different sauces, such as ketchup and mayonnaise, along with aji or chili peppers. Sometimes a fried egg or cheese is added on top, and it could also come with tomato and lettuce. It is occasionally garnished with oregano.
Salchipapas originated in Lima, Peru.
Etymology.
The name "papa" is the Quechua name for potato. "Salchicha" is Spanish for sausage.
History.
The salchipapa was invented as a street food in Lima, Peru. Over the years, it expanded to other places in Peru. In Latin America, the dish's popularity has expanded beyond Peruvian cuisine, and is now also typical of Ecuadorian and Bolivian cuisine.
The range of the dish keeps expanding thanks to Bolivians in Argentina and Peruvian restaurants in the United States and Chile. There's a variant know as "choripapas" (made with chorizo instead of sausage) and in Mexico they are known as "salchipulpos".

</doc>
<doc id="9735871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735871" title="London Buses route 507">
London Buses route 507

London Buses route 507 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Waterloo and Victoria stations, it is operated by London General.
History.
Red Arrow route 507 commenced operating on 7 September 1968 as part of the Red Arrow network of flat fare bus routes aimed at commuters in Central London linking some of the capital's main railway termini.
On 2 June 2002, along with route 521, the route was the first bus route in London to be converted to articulated bus operation with a fleet of Mercedes-Benz O530G Citaros, replacing the ageing Leyland National Greenways. Being commuter routes, and so little used outside peak times, these routes were deemed suitable to test the articulated buses on, rather than a major trunk route.
During late 2003, early 2004, a series of onboard fires on Mercedes-Benz O530Gs led to withdrawal of the entire fleet, while Mercedes-Benz made some modifications. During this period limited services operated using a variety of different buses on route 507, including double-deckers. An evening service was introduced in April 2007.
On 25 July 2009, as part of the move to replace London's articulated buses, the O530Gs were replaced by Mercedes-Benz O530 Citaros. A new weekend service commenced at the same time.
The peak vehicle requirement increased from 9 to 15 to cope with the increased frequency, now at every 3-4 minutes. One criticism on articulated buses was high levels of fare evasion, yet the new Citaros retain open boarding, to help move commuters quickly from the busy rail termini. This has drawn further criticism, as the "Red Arrow" name was dropped on conversion, so there is nothing to distinguish the buses from normal services, with fears passengers may start boarding normal buses through the centre doors.
Another criticism of articulated buses was the low number of seats, with only 49 per vehicle. A standard rigid Citaro has 44 seats, however the new ones for route 507 have just 21, with room supposedly for up to 76 standees, leading to criticism the new buses were "cattle trucks" and even more crowded than the buses they replaced. Despite the increase in frequency, the total number of seats has dropped.
In December 2013, two trial BYD electric buses were introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="9735934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735934" title="Helena Concannon">
Helena Concannon

Helena Concannon ("née" Walsh; 1878 – 27 February 1952) was an Irish historian, writer, language scholar and Fianna Fáil politician.
Born in Derry, she was Professor of History at University College Galway. Many of her writings were on the subject of Irish women, including "Canon Sheehan's Woman Characters" (1910), "Women of Ninety Eight" (1919), "Daughters of Banba" (1922), "The Poor Clares in Ireland" (1929), and "Irish nuns in penal days" (1931).
She was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) at the 1933 general election for the National University of Ireland constituency. At the 1938 general election, she was elected to Seanad Éireann for the National University of Ireland constituency. She was re-elected at each successive election and served in the Seanad until her death in 1952.
Her husband was the Irish scholar Tomás Bán Ó Conceanainn.

</doc>
<doc id="9735936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735936" title="St. Clair Drake">
St. Clair Drake

John Gibbs St. Clair Drake (January 2, 1911 – June 15, 1990) was an African-American sociologist and anthropologist whose scholarship and activism led him to document much of the social turmoil of the 1960s, establish some of the first Black Studies programs in American universities, and contribute to the independence movement in Ghana. Drake often wrote about challenges and achievements in race relations as a result of his extensive research. While studying at University of Chicago, in 1945 Drake co-authored with Horace R. Cayton, Jr. the work "Black Metropolis", a landmark study of race and urban life in Chicago. Drake was one of the first African American faculty members at Roosevelt University in Chicago, at a time when academic opportunities for Black scholars were usually limited to historically black colleges and universities. He continued his research while a professor at Roosevelt for 23 years, before leaving to found the African and African American Studies program at Stanford University. A major element in his career was an interest in Africa and the pan-African movement, which sprang from his dissertation work with immigrants from Africa living in the United Kingdom, and was expanded upon during his later research projects conducted in West Africa. Ultimately he spent years working in the newly independent country of Ghana as an academic and an informal advisor to the national government there, before his return to the United States and his academic career in that country.
Early life and education.
John Gibbs St. Clair Drake was born in Suffolk, Virginia on January 2, 1911. Later in life, including professionally, he went by his last name only, St. Clair Drake. His father immigrated to the United States from Barbados in the British West Indies; he became a Baptist minster and an international organizer for Marcus Garvey's Universal Negro Improvement Association. His father's devout religious faith did not allow for activities like dancing, going to the movies, or using playing cards, all of which were forbidden to Drake in his childhood. Drake's mother, Bessie Lee, was a native of Staunton, Virginia. When Drake was two years old, the family moved to Harrisburg, Virginia, when his father decided it would be best for the family to join the many African-Americans who were then moving northward. During his childhood, St. Clair lived in a multi-ethnic neighborhood. He recalled that his understanding of race and prejudice was vague, but at least one of his fights occurred when he was insulted about the color of his skin.
Drake attended elementary school in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where he remained through the 7th grade. Drake then returned to Virginia to attend high school. He inevitably learned "the facts of Southern life", and in his first contact with the Negro press, he remarked: "It was rather exciting, this learning that one is a Negro and what it means – also rather frustrating." At this time, with the encouragement of his teachers, he began to write poetry, generally about nature. That same year, he also edited the school yearbook. He completed high school in three years.
In 1927, Drake left Staunton, Virginia to attend Hampton Institute (now Hampton University). Hampton's appeal, according to Drake, was its offer to allow students to work their way through college. Drake met the cost of his education by working as a waiter and then as a front desk clerk at the Holly Tree Guesthouse. Both of these forms of employment were segregated jobs, intended only for black workers. Drake was almost immediately dissatisfied with the faculty's "civilizing mission" attitude, which he attributed to the intellectual legacy of Booker T. Washington, and he complained that the Institute's faculty did not include any African-Americans among its full professors. Drake and other Hampton students engaged in a strike beginning on October 9, 1927, only a few weeks after Drake arrived on campus. While the list of student demands exceeded sixty specific points, many of them dealt with the need for more black teachers, higher academic standards, the dismissal of racist and unqualified faculty, an end to various strict disciplinary policies, and amnesty for those involved in the strike. Due to the intervention of administrators and parents, the strike ended in defeat. But as scholar Andrew Rosa concluded, the "administration lost the war." Many reforms eventually became implemented, and Drake flourished at the college over the next three years there. In the course of his studies at Hampton, Drake served as the president of the student body, led the college chapter of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, became the editor of the "Hampton Script", and even played on the college's soccer team. He graduated from Hampton in 1931 with a B.S in Biology and a minor in English.
Career as an academic.
From 1932 to 1933, Drake was on the faculty of the Christiansburg Institute, an African American trade high school in Christiansburg, Virginia. At the Christiansburg Institute, he taught a variety of subjects, coached soccer, led chapel prayer, and began to write professionally. During this time Drake continued pursuing his interests in academic and social justice pursuits at Pendle Hill, a Quaker retreat and graduate center.
Drake worked as an instructor at Dillard University in New Orleans from 1935–1937. In 1935, Drake also joined a research team led by Allison Davis, a former colleague from Howard University. The anthropological research explored the caste system of the American south, and they later published their observations in the book "". Drake was moved by the potential that social science could have in racial causes, and ultimately followed Davis to study anthropology as a doctoral student at the University of Chicago. During the late 1930s in Chicago, Drake worked as the assistant director for the Illinois State Commission on the Condition of the Urban Colored Population, and conducted research in churches serving Chicago's black community. He returned briefly to Dillard in 1940 to work as an assistant professor, but was dismissed in the following year for supporting a student strike, and subsequently returned to his studies at Chicago. He conducted his dissertation research in 1947 in Cardiff, Wales, where he studied a community of African seamen and their Welsh families. Drake examined the forms of social action that arose in response to British racial and colonial domination. At this time, he was one of the first scholars studying race relations in the British Isles and was considered one of the foremost scholars on the subject.
After World War II, he was the co-author (along with Horace R. Cayton, Jr.) of "Black Metropolis," a study of the lives of African-Americans living in Bronzeville, a neighborhood on Chicago's South Side. The book was characterized in Drake's obituary in the "New York Times" as "a landmark of objective research and one of the best urban studies produced by American scholarship". Mr. Drake became one of the more prolific chroniclers, in books and scholarly articles, of the turmoil and advances in race relations in the 1960s. In 1946, Drake became an assistant professor of sociology at Roosevelt University. He remained a member of the Roosevelt sociology department until 1968. He commented years later that the offer to join Roosevelt came as "a surprise". He fully expected only to be considered by "Negro" colleges of the time. He found a home at Roosevelt which he embraced as an "experimental institution" where he was able to develop his calling as an "activist anthropologist,". He was perhaps the most distinguished faculty member ever to have taught at Roosevelt University, and was also one of the first black faculty members at Roosevelt. While there, he created one of the first African American Studies programs in the United States. Among his many honors, he received an honorary degree from Roosevelt. Drake taught at Roosevelt for 23 years before leaving in 1969 to found the African and African American Studies program at Stanford University. He remained at Stanford until his retirement in 1976.
Even after his retirement from the faculty at Stanford, Drake remained active as a scholar and author. Another of Drake's works, which demonstrates his continued interest in race relations throughout his career, was "Black Folk Here and There: An Essay in History and Anthropology", published in two volumes in 1987 and 1990 as part of a series entitled "Afro-American Culture and Society". One of Drake's former students characterizes his research as drawing heavily from urban sociology and history, which led his peers in the 1940s to see "his scholarship ... more sociological than anthropological" and "virtually ignored within anthropology as a consequence."
Contributions to the Pan-African movement.
Drake's connections to the African continent began early in his academic career. He met Kwame Nkrumah, George Padmore, and Mbiyu Koinange when he was completing his fieldwork in Cardiff, Wales as a part of his dissertation at Chicago. As a result of this early contact with pan-African advocates, Drake pursued research projects in Liberia and Ghana in the 1950s, funded in part by a grant he received from the Ford Foundation. From 1958 to 1961, Drake served as head of the department of sociology at the University of Ghana. Drake's connections allowed him to participate in increasingly important discussions connected to the newly independent nation of Ghana. At the request of George Padmore, Nkrumah's advisor, Drake presented and participated in the planning meetings for the All-African Peoples' Conference held at Accra in December 1958. Padmore's relationship with Drake "allowed Drake to acquire unrivaled knowledge of Ghana's political leaders." Drake served as an informal adviser to leaders of several newly independent African nations in the early 1960s, particularly Nkrumah, who by this time had become Ghana's prime minister, but later chose to leave Africa and this political work after coups installed military leaders in many of these nations: Drake later remarked that he would not "work under generals."
Drake's personal commitment to see Ghana succeed and his concerns about the privacy of the people and conversations he observed led him to elect not to publish books or articles based directly on his work in Africa or with African immigrants in Britain. However, he did conduct several research studies during his time in Africa with his wife and fellow anthropologist Elizabeth Dewey Johns, though these were not directly associated with his political or personal connections in the countries he visited.
Drake was also able to further social interest in African countries through his work with the Peace Corps. He provided cultural sensitivity training for a group of 50 American students planning to work in Ghana.
Personal life.
St. Clair Drake was married to a colleague, Elizabeth Dewey Johns. Johns was a graduate student in sociology at the University of Chicago when Drake began work there as a graduate student in anthropology. As a fellow student, she helped introduce Drake to theories connected with cultural and behavioral relativism. After their marriage, the two of them worked together conducting research in West Africa. The couple raised two children, Sandra and Karl. During World War II, Drake was a conscientious objector in response to the U.S. military's segregation policies, and he served in a civilian capacity in the U.S. Maritime Service.
Selected Works.
Thesis
Books
Pamphlets
Chapters in Books
Journal Articles
Review Articles

</doc>
<doc id="9735938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735938" title="Modou Dia">
Modou Dia

Modou Dia (born 27 March 1950) is a Senegalese politician and former diplomat. Dia has represented Senegal in Saudi Arabia, the Soviet Union, West Germany and Austria. He also was the Senegalese permanent representative to the Organisation of the Islamic Conference. Dia was a candidate in the February 2007 presidential election, coming in last place out of 15 candidates with about 0.13% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="9735959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735959" title="List of lakes in Kentucky">
List of lakes in Kentucky

The following is a list of lakes and reservoirs in the state of Kentucky in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9735980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9735980" title="Symphyotrichum puniceum">
Symphyotrichum puniceum

Symphyotrichum puniceum (formerly "Aster puniceus"), commonly known as Purplestem Aster, Red-stemmed Aster or Swamp Aster, is an herbaceous perennial native to eastern North America. It also has several names that are now obsolete, such as Early Purple Aster and Meadow Scabish. 
It is one of the widest ranging plants of the genus, being present from the edges of the Great Plains to the Atlantic coast and from the Gulf coast of Texas north to southern Ungava Bay in the north of Quebec.
Description.
It is a variable species and many forms have been described, but they are generally no longer recognised. Two varieties are accepted, however. The flowers emerge in August through October to show dark blue to rarely white ray florets and yellow to cream-coloured disc florets that become pink or purple with maturity.

</doc>
<doc id="9736009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736009" title="Get Wise to Yourself">
Get Wise to Yourself

Get Wise to Yourself is the third studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney). The album was recorded during August and September 1995 and released later that year on CD by the label Black Top. The tracks "I'm the Clean up Man" and "Hard to Stay Above the Ground" would later appear on Shorty's compilation album, "The Best of Guitar Shorty", in 2006.
Personnel.
Production:
Reception.
TWhile the most of Allmusic review of the album makes more mention of Shorty's live show, it does ipraise the album, saying that it "is one of his best recorded efforts ... that shows his abilities Toff in the best light."

</doc>
<doc id="9736013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736013" title="Divo, Ivory Coast">
Divo, Ivory Coast

Divo is a town in Divo Department of Ivory Coast. Divo Department is part of Sud-Bandama Region. The town is served by Divo Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="9736015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736015" title="Marcophily">
Marcophily

Marcophily, occasionally called Marcophilately, is the specialised study and collection of postmarks, cancellations and postal markings applied by hand or machine on mail that passes through a postal system and applied by the postal operator through whose domain they pass. Commatology was a term used prior to World War II but is rarely used today.
Marcophilists are more interested in the details, style and design of the markings than the reason why and where a letter was sent. Large cities that have many post offices offer great study opportunities due to the vast range of handstamps or machine cancellations in use over any time period. It offers vast study areas to select a topic from for study or collection. 
While strictly speaking it is not a postal history topic it can be collected and studied as such.

</doc>
<doc id="9736018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736018" title="Munich Symphony Orchestra">
Munich Symphony Orchestra

The Munich Symphony Orchestra ("Münchner Symphoniker") is a German orchestra based in Munich. Kurt Graunke founded the orchestra as the "Graunke Symphony Orchestra" in 1945. The orchestra acquired its current name in 1990. Its primary concerts are given at the Herkulessaal and the Prinzregententheater including concerts at the Philharmonie im Gasteig.
More than 100 concerts each year in almost every musical centre of Germany and Europe as well as regular guest performances in the USA (most recently in October/November 2011) and the Far East, display the capability of the orchestra which captivates through its flexibility, its wide repertoire and extrovert interpretations.
The orchestra has recorded music for over 500 films, including George Bruns' adaptation of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's ballet score for Walt Disney's "Sleeping Beauty", "El Cid" by Miklos Rozsa, Jerry Goldsmith's score for "The Wind and the Lion", Christopher Young's music for "", Victor Young's score for "The Brave One" and Howard Shore's score for "The Silence of the Lambs". The Orchestra performed the soundtrack score to a number of episodes of the television series : "The Adventures of Young Indiana Jones" in the 1990s.
Honorary conductor of the orchestra is Philippe Entremont, who is closely connected to the orchestra in many ways. For the seasons 2011/2012 and 2012/2013 Ken-David Masur has been appointed as first guest conductor of Munich Symphony. Since 2006 Georg Schmöhe as its chief conductor has been constantly working on the artistic profile of the orchestra and the enhancement of its symphonic repertoire. The young German conductor Kevin John Edusei is going to be his successor as chief conductor of Munich Symphony from season 2014/2015 on.

</doc>
<doc id="9736045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736045" title="Cytochrome P450 reductase">
Cytochrome P450 reductase

Cytochrome P450 reductase (; also known as NADPH:ferrihemoprotein oxidoreductase, NADPH:hemoprotein oxidoreductase, NADPH:P450 oxidoreductase, P450 reductase, POR, CPR, CYPOR) is a membrane-bound enzyme required for electron transfer to cytochrome P450 in the endoplasmic reticulum of the eukaryotic cell from a FAD- and FMN-containing enzyme NADPH:cytochrome P450 reductase (POR; ).
Function.
In "Bacillus megaterium" and "Bacillus subtilis", POR is a C-terminal domain of CYP102, a single-polypeptide self-sufficient soluble P450 system (P450 is an N-terminal domain). The general scheme of electron flow in the POR/P450 system is:
The definitive evidence for the requirement of POR in cytochrome-P450-mediated reactions came from the work of Lu, Junk and Coon, who dissected the P450-containing mixed function oxidase system into three constituent components: POR, cytochrome P450, and lipids.
Since all microsomal P450 enzymes require POR for catalysis, it is expected that disruption of POR would have devastating consequences. POR knockout mice are embryonic lethal,
probably due to lack of electron transport to extrahepatic P450 enzymes since liver-specific knockout of POR yields phenotypically and reproductively normal mice that accumulate hepatic lipids and have remarkably diminished capacity of hepatic drug metabolism.
The reduction of cytochrome P450 is not the only physiological function of POR. The final step of heme oxidation by mammalian heme oxygenase requires POR and O2. In yeast, POR affects the ferrireductase activity, probably transferring electrons to the flavocytochrome ferric reductase.
Gene organization.
Human POR gene has 16 exons and the exons 2-16 code for a 677-amino acid POR protein (NCBI NP_000932.2). There is a single copy of 50 kb POR gene (NCBI NM_000941.2) in humans on chromosome 7 (7q11.23).
Mutations and polymorphisms.
Five missense mutations (A284P, R454H, V489E, C566Y, and V605F) and a splicing mutation in the POR genes have been found in patients who had hormonal evidence for combined deficiencies of two steroidogenic cytochrome P450 enzymes - P450c17 CYP17A1, which catalyzes steroid 17α-hydroxylation and 17,20 lyase reaction, and P450c21 21-Hydroxylase, which catalyzes steroid 21-hydroxylation. Another POR missense mutation Y178D has also been identified. Fifteen of nineteen patients having abnormal genitalia and disordered steroidogenesis were homozygous or apparent compound heterozygous for POR mutations that destroyed or dramatically inhibited POR activity.
POR Deficiency – Mixed Oxidase Disease.
POR deficiency is the newest form of congenital adrenal hyperplasia first described in 2004. The index patient was a newborn 46,XX Japanese girl with craniosynostosis, hypertelorism, mid-face hypoplasia, radiohumeral synostosis, arachnodactyly and disordered steroidogenesis. However, the clinical and biochemical characteristics of patients with POR deficiency are long known in the literature as so-called mixed oxidase disease, as POR deficiency typically shows a steroid profile that suggests combined deficiencies of steroid 21-hydroxylase and 17α-hydroxylase/17,20 lyase activities. The clinical spectrum of POR deficiency ranges from severely affected children with ambiguous genitalia, adrenal insufficiency, and the Antley-Bixler skeletal malformation syndrome (ABS) to mildly affected individuals with polycystic ovary syndrome-like features. Some of the POR patients were born to mothers who became virilized during pregnancy, suggesting deficient placental aromatization of fetal androgens due to a lesion in microsomal aromatase resulting in low estrogen production, which was later confirmed by lower aromatase activities caused by POR mutations. However, it has also been suggested that fetal and maternal virilization in POR deficiency might be caused by increased dihydrotestosterone synthesis by the fetal gonad through an alternative "backdoor" pathway first described in the marsupials and later confirmed in humans . Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry analysis of urinary steroids from pregnant women carrying a POR-deficient fetus described in an earlier report also supports the existence of this pathway, and the relevance of the "backdoor" pathway along with POR dependent steroidogenesis have become clearer from recent studies. The role of POR mutations beyond CAH are being investigated; and questions such as how POR mutations cause bony abnormalities and what role POR variants play in drug metabolism by hepatic P450s are being addressed in recent publications. However, reports of ABS in some offsprings of mothers who were treated with fluconazole, an antifungal agent which interferes with cholesterol biosynthesis at the level of CYP51 activity - indicate that disordered drug metabolism may result from deficient POR activity.
Williams syndrome.
Williams syndrome is a genetic disorder characterized by the deletion of genetic material approximately 1.2 Mb from the POR gene (POR). Cells with this genetic deletion show reduced transcription of POR, it seems, due to the loss of a cis-regulatory element that alters expression of this gene. Some persons with Williams syndrome show characteristics of POR deficiency, including radio-ulnar synostosis and other skeletal abnormalities. Cases of mild impairment of cortisol and androgen synthesis have been noted, however, despite the fact that deficient POR impairs androgen synthesis, patients with Williams syndrome often show increased androgen levels. A similar increase in testosterone has been observed in a mouse model that has globally decreased POR expression.
Structure.
The 3D crystal structure of human POR has been determined. The molecule is composed of four structural domains: the FMN-binding domain, the connecting domain, the FAD-binding domain, and NADPH-binding domain. The FMN-binding domain is similar to the structure of FMN-containing protein flavodoxin, whereas the FAD-binding domain and NADPH-binding domains are similar to those of flavoprotein ferredoxin-NADP+ reductase (FNR). The connecting domain is situated between the flavodoxin-like and FNR-like domains.
POR homologs.
The other enzymes containing homologs of POR are nitric oxide synthase (), NADPH:sulfite reductase (), and methionine synthase reductase ().

</doc>
<doc id="9736049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736049" title="Chumra">
Chumra

1. A khumra (חומרה; pl. חומרות, "khumrot") is a prohibition or obligation in Jewish practice that exceeds the bare requirements of Halakha (Jewish laws). One who imposes a "khumra" on him- or herself in a given instance is said to be מחמיר "makhmir". The rationale for a "khumra" comes from Deuteronomy 22:8, which states that when one builds a house, he must build a fence around the roof in order to avoid guilt should someone fall off the roof. This has been interpreted by many as a requirement to "build a fence around the Torah" in order to protect the mitzvot. 
An obligation or prohibition can be adopted by an individual or an entire community. Early references to "khumrot" are found in the Talmud, and the understanding and application of them has changed over time.
Most often found in Orthodox Judaism, "khumrot" are variously seen as a precaution against transgressing the Halakha or as a way of keeping those who have taken on the stringency separate from those who have not.
2. A second meaning of "khumra" is simply "a stricter interpretation of a Jewish law (Halakha), when two or more interpretations exist". This meaning is closely related to the first meaning, because people who follow the more lenient interpretation (qulla) believe that their interpretation is the baseline requirement of the law, and that people who observe the stringency are doing something "extra". However, people who observe the "khumra", in this sense, believe that they are following the baseline requirement, and to do any less would be to violate halakha entirely. Note that in many cases, a rule followed by the majority (or even totality) of halakha-observant Jews today is a stringency in comparison with more lenient rabbinic opinions which have existed in the past or even today. For example, universal halakhic practice today is to wait at least one hour (and even as much as six hours) after eating meat, before eating milk. However, Rabbenu Tam, in 12th-century France, ruled that it was sufficient merely to conclude the meat meal by reciting a blessing and removing the tablecloth, and then milk could be consumed immediately. Thus, today's universal halakhic practice of waiting between meat and milk would be considered a "khumra" in comparison to Rabbenu Tam's ruling.

</doc>
<doc id="9736060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736060" title="Whitten effect">
Whitten effect

The Whitten effect occurs when male pheromones stimulate synchronous estrus in a female population.
Social signals, or social stimuli, have an effect on reproduction in all mammals. For certain female mice, the pheromones contained in the urine of male mice can act as a social stimulus, and induce synchronous estrus. 
Estrus is a stage of the female reproductive cycle, and if a female is in estrus, it means that she is both fertile and sexually receptive. Synchronous estrus occurs when multiple females are in estrus at the same time.
When the pheromones contained in the urine of male mice stimulate synchronous estrus in a population of female mice, it is known as the Whitten effect. This is a phenomenon observed by Wesley K. Whitten (1956, 1966, 1968), whereby male mouse pheromone-laden urine synchronizes the estrus cycle "among unisexually grouped females," and is an example of male-to-female pheromonal effects in mice, similar to the Bruce effect. 
The Whitten effect occurs when a group of female mice are exposed to the urine produced by a male mouse. The male’s urine contains certain volatile, or airborne, pheromones that affect the hormonal processes of the females that control their reproductive status. A sexually mature and viable male must produce the urine, as the pheromones that produce the Whitten effect are dependent on male sex hormones such as testosterone.
The female mice do not require direct contact with the male’s urine to produce the Whitten effect, as the pheromone contained in the urine is airborne and therefore is taken up by the females through their olfactory system. The reproductive cycle of female mice in isolation is approximately 4 to 5 days, and the reproductive cycles of grouped females are often longer and more irregular. However, when grouped female mice are exposed to the pheromones contained in a male’s urine, the Whitten effect occurs, and the majority of the female mice will enter a new estrus cycle by the third day of exposure. However, there is little evidence for a similarly functioninging vomeronasal, or olfactory, system (thought to be the sensory organ that initiates the Bruce, Vandenbergh, and Whitten effects) in humans. These differences, in putative stimulus and neural pathway (as well as species observed), stringently distinguishes the Whitten and McClintock effect, as the latter does not posit a role for male pheromones.

</doc>
<doc id="9736065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736065" title="Pasajero (Gipsy Kings album)">
Pasajero (Gipsy Kings album)

Pasajero (Traveler) is the twelfth studio album from the band Gipsy Kings. It was originally released on October 3, 2006 internationally and released in the United States on January 23, 2007. Both versions are identical.
This album signifies a continuation of their famous Rumba Flamenca style as well as some experimentation with South American sounds such as the use of a Peruvian charango -- most notably in the song "Café".

</doc>
<doc id="9736082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736082" title="J-bar">
J-bar

J-bar may refer to:
J-bar may also be an abbreviation for "Johnson bar":

</doc>
<doc id="9736086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736086" title="Jean Carroll">
Jean Carroll

Jean Carroll (January 7, 1911 – January 1, 2010) was an American actress and comedienne during the 1950s and 1960s.
Carroll was born as Celine Zeigman on January 7, 1911 in Paris, France She began her career as part of the comedy dance team Carroll and Howe, with her husband, vaudevillian Buddy Howe, who later became her manager. She appeared on "The Ed Sullivan Show" more than 20 times and had her own short-lived sitcom, "The Jean Carroll Show (or Take It From Me)", which aired for one season in (1953-1954).
In November 2006, she was honored with an evening at the Friar's Club in New York City, the emcee was Joy Behar and the main speaker was Lily Tomlin. In 2007, Carroll was featured in the Off-Broadway production "The J.A.P. Show: Jewish American Princesses of Comedy," which includes live standup routines by four female Jewish comics juxtaposed with the stories of legendary performers from the 1950s and 1960s, Belle Barth, Pearl Williams and Betty Walker, Totie Fields, and Carroll herself. She was later featured in 2009 in the PBS documentary, "Make 'em Laugh".
She died on January 1, 2010 in White Plains, New York, six days before her 99th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="9736116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736116" title="Dancing in September">
Dancing in September

Dancing in September is a 2000 HBO television film starring Isaiah Washington and Nicole Ari Parker.
Plot.
Dancing In September tells the story of two hopeful and ambitious African-Americans attempting to make their mark in the television industry. One is a scriptwriter named Tomasina “Tommy” Crawford (Parker), who has grown weary of contributing to stereotypical characters and programming for African-Americans and dreams of creating a balanced, positive program for herself and the African-American public. The other is a newly appointed television producer named George Washington (Washington), who hopes to ascend to the highest levels of the television industry and carve out a special place for himself to help redefine African-American programming. When Tommy submits a script for a positive family sitcom titled "Just Us," she is indirectly brought into George's path. The rest of the film follows the struggles that both she and George face in their specific environments, mainly painting a positive portrayal of African-Americans in the media, in addition to staying true to their own culture and identity as African-Americans.
Awards and nominations.
Black Reel Awards
Emmy Award
Humanitas Prize
NAACP Image Awards

</doc>
<doc id="9736120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736120" title="Noun particle">
Noun particle

A noun particle is any morpheme that denotes or marks the presence of a noun. Noun particles do not exist in English, but can be found in other languages such as Korean and Japanese. 
Korean particles.
Korean particles are postpositions, which differ from English prepositions in that they come "after" the word they mark.
The particle "위에" is used to mean "on" or "above." It follows the word "지붕" ("roof").
The particle "옆에" means "next to," and it follows "시장" ("market").
Japanese particles.
Just as in Korean, noun particles follow the noun being marked, and can serve any of several functions in a given sentence.
In this example, "e" is the noun particle for "suupaa" ("supermarket"). This particular noun particle denotes direction towards a place, being "supermarket."
The three noun particles ("wa," "ga," and "o") all serve different functions:

</doc>
<doc id="9736121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736121" title="List of MPs elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1969">
List of MPs elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1969

This is a list of Members of Parliament elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1969.
All members of the Northern Ireland House of Commons elected at the Northern Ireland general election, 1969 are listed.

</doc>
<doc id="9736159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736159" title="Stowe Recreation Path">
Stowe Recreation Path

The Stowe Recreation Path, also called the Stowe Bike Path, is a greenway located in Stowe, Vermont, United States The recreation trail was built in two phases, 1981–84 and 1986–89, at a total cost of US$680,000. The Stowe Recreation Path has received several awards and honors, and many people consider it a great improvement to the town.
Beginnings.
The planning for a recreation path in Stowe was initiated in 1964 to combat heavy traffic on the Mountain Road (Route 108). The Stowe Better Business Association voted in favor of constructing a walking path running parallel to the Mountain Road in an attempt to reduce traffic. The idea was forgotten until 13 years later.
In 1977, Claire Lintilhac commissioned the Vermont Highway Department to design a route along the Mountain Road. Plans were made, but nothing was done with them for four years. In 1981, a Bike Path Coordinator was hired, and funds and land were acquired.
Construction and extension.
Between 1981 and 1984, the first of the wide trail were paved and 16 bridges were constructed at a cost of $300,000. Easements across the 27 different parcels of land the path crossed were donated to the town.
A extension to the path was constructed between 1986 to 1989 at a cost of $380,000. In addition to the fundraising techniques used for the first leg, $120,000 was solicited from the town's tax funds. Due to the popularity of the first leg, the funds were granted. This second leg crossed land owned by 4 people, mostly agricultural land and included the construction of 4 bridges. When finished, the Bike Path was long, and had been completed at a cost of $680,000.
Funding.
The 680,000 dollars to build the path came from many sources. $186,000 came from private sources, $178,000 came from the Land and Water Conservation Funds, $134,000 came from the Lintilhac Foundation, which was started by Claire Lintilhac, $120,000 was set aside from local taxes, and $62,000 came from Revenue Sharing Funds.
The majority of the 186,000 dollars raised privately was acquired by selling pieces of the path: an inch cost $2, a foot was $15, and a yard was $45. Many people bought these sections, and a good deal of money was raised though the Bike Path is maintained using tax money.
Awards.
The Stowe Recreation Path has received several awards.
The Recreation Path today.
The Stowe Recreation Path draws many tourist, both from in-state and out-of-state. The residents of Stowe and surrounding areas cooperated to fund and build the Recreation Path, and their pride in it is very evident. The path starts behind the Community Church and ends a little ways away behind Topnotch.
It is open 365 days a year and popular activities on the path are biking, inline skating, and walking in the summer, and cross-country skiing and snowshoeing in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="9736171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736171" title="Gas Street Basin">
Gas Street Basin

Gas Street Basin () is a canal basin in the centre of Birmingham, England, where the Worcester and Birmingham Canal meets the BCN Main Line. It is located on Gas Street, off Broad Street, and between the Mailbox and Brindleyplace canal-side developments.
History.
The Birmingham Canal, completed in 1773, terminated at Old Wharf beyond Bridge Street. When the Worcester and Birmingham Company started their canal at a point later known as Gas Street Basin the Birmingham Canal Navigations Company (BCN) insisted on a physical barrier to prevent the Worcester and Birmingham Canal from benefiting from their water. The Worcester Bar, a 7 ft. 3 in. wide straight barrier 84 yards long was built perpendicular to the run of the two canals. Cargoes had to be laboriously manhandled between boats on either side.
The Worcester and Birmingham Canal opened between Birmingham and Selly Oak on 30 October 1795 but took until 1815 to complete to Worcester, at which time, after much lobbying by iron and coal masters and the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Company, an Act of Parliament was passed to open up the bar and the bar lock was built. There were toll offices either side of the bar lock and tolls were collected by each company from boats using the canals. The Worcester Bar still exists, with boats moored to both sides of it. It is connected to Gas Street via a footbridge reconstructed to a design by Horseley Ironworks of the 19th century.
During the 1990s much of the area around the basin was redeveloped and older buildings refurbished.
The wall and ramp down from Gas Street, the Tap and Spile pub, and the neighbouring building are all grade II listed, as is the Martin & Chamberlain building built on top of the Broad Street Tunnel.
In 1973, the basin featured prominently in the Cliff Richard film "Take Me High". A canal-side cottage there was used as the home of a character in the long-running soap opera "Crossroads".

</doc>
<doc id="9736180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736180" title="Zoeller">
Zoeller

Zöller or Zoeller is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9736208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736208" title="Prnjavor">
Prnjavor

Prnjavor is a common South Slavic placename, meaning "village on a monastery's property". It can refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="9736214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736214" title="Melodi Grand Prix Junior">
Melodi Grand Prix Junior

Melodi Grand Prix Junior (MGP jr.) is the Norwegian national final that selects the entry to represent Norway in the annual Melodi Grand Prix Nordic junior singing competition, a specialized Scandinavian competition for children and adolescents. 
Between 2003 and 2005, Norway sent its winners to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest (JESC), when MPG Nordic wasn't active. In 2006 Norway withdrew itself from JESC, along with Denmark and Sweden, to participate in Melodi Grand Prix Nordic instead. From 2010, Melodi Grand Prix Junior has ended with the national final.

</doc>
<doc id="9736227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736227" title="Riachão do Jacuípe">
Riachão do Jacuípe

Riachão do Jacuípe is a Brazilian city of Bahia state. It's a place in Sisaleira region, Microregion of Serrinha (Microrregião de Serrinha, in Portuguese).

</doc>
<doc id="9736229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736229" title="Chris Johns (rugby league)">
Chris Johns (rugby league)

Chris Johns (born 1964 in Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s. He played in the centres, achieving representative honours for Australia and New South Wales. His club football career was spent with the St. George Dragons and Brisbane Broncos, as well as two spells in England, first with Castleford in 1986-87 and then Barrow in 1989-90. After retiring from the playing field, Johns worked in the administration of the Brisbane Broncos and Melbourne Storm clubs.
Playing career.
Johns made his first grade debut for St. George during the 1984 NSWRL season and the following year played as a reserve back for St. George in their 6-7 loss to Canterbury in the Grand Final after earlier playing in the Dragons winning reserve grade grand final side.
After a stint with Castleford in 1986–87 Johns moved to the newly created Brisbane Broncos in 1988.
Johns was the top try-scorer for the Broncos in 1989.
In 1989 Chris Johns became the first Queensland based player to play State of Origin for New South Wales when he made his debut for the Blues on the wing for Game 1 of the 1989 State of Origin series at Lang Park, the home of the Broncos. Johns went on to play 10 games for NSW between 1989 and 1994, scoring 3 tries. Although a centre at club level, Johns pace saw him play mainly on the wing or from the bench in representative sides with Australia blessed with top class centres in Mal Meninga, Laurie Daley, Dale Shearer, Andrew Ettingshausen and Brad Fittler.
At the end of the 1990 NSWRL season, and despite not playing for NSW in the 1990 State of Origin series, Johns was selected for the 1990 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain and France where he played in 11 tour games and scored 4 tries on tour. Chris Johns made his test debut for Australia as a reserve back in the final game of the tour against France at the Stade Gilbert Brutus in Perpignan.
During 1991 Johns played in NSW 1-2 series loss to Queensland in the 1991 Origin series and was then chosen for all three mis-season Trans-Tasman Tests against New Zealand, making his run on debut for Australia in the 1st Test loss to the Kiwis at Olympic Park Stadium in Melbourne. Following the end of the 1991 season, Johns was part of the Australian touring side to Papua New Guinea, playing in both tests against the Kumuls.
Johns continued good form saw him play on the wing during Game 3 of NSW's 2-1 1992 State of Origin series win over Qld. That year saw the 1992 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand with Johns selected as a reserve for the 2nd Test against the Lions at Melbourne's Princes Park where he scored his 1st test try in Australia's shock 10-33 loss. After being overlooked for the opening test, Johns was called into the side to replace Brad Fittler who was given leave from the team following the death of his Penrith team mate Ben Alexander. Johns retained his spot for the 3rd test in Brisbane and helped Australia retain The Ashes which they have held since 1973. Following this Johns was selected for what would be his last test for Australia as a reserve back, scoring his 2nd test try in the 36-14 win over Papua New Guinea in Townsville.
In the weeks following the Broncos maiden Grand Final over St. George in 1992, Johns travelled with the Broncos to England, where he played at centre in the 1992 World Club Challenge against British champions Wigan at Wigan's famous Central Park, helping Brisbane become the first Australian club to win the match in Britain. A week earlier he was a non-playing reserve in Australia's 10-6 win over Great Britain in the World Cup Final at Wembley Stadium in front of a World Record rugby league test crowd of 73,631 fans (Johns was the only Australian selected in the 17 not to get any game time in the final).
Chris Johns was overlooked for both Origin and Test selection in 1993 but went on to play 24 games and score 9 tries in the 1993 NSWRL season for the Broncos, helping them to a second straight Grand Final win over St. George.
Johns continued to play well for the Broncos in 1994, form which saw him selected for games 2 and 3 for NSW in their 2-1 Origin series win over Qld. Mid-way through the season he was also part of Brisbane's 14-20 loss to Wigan in the 1994 World Club Challenge at Brisbane's ANZ Stadium in front of a still WCC record crowd of 54,220.
Johns had an injury interrupted season for the Broncos in 1995, playing just nine games and scoring 2 tries. His final season before announcing his retirement was the 1996 ARL season, where he played 21 games but surprisingly failed to score a try.
From his debut with St. George in 1984 until his retirement following 1996, Chris Johns played in 223 games (52 for St. George, 171 for Brisbane) and scored 57 tries (7 and 50), winning two premierships and one World Club Challenge for the Broncos. He represented NSW on 10 occasions, scoring 3 tries and played in 9 tests for Australia, scoring 2 tries. He also played for Castleford and Barrow in England and represented NSW City Origin on 4 occasions between 1989 and 1994.
Post-playing.
Following retirement Johns worked in the Brisbane Broncos administration before moving south with John Ribot to help set up the new Melbourne Storm club. He was responsible for signing the key players that allowed Melbourne to win the premiership in only their second season. He left the post at the end of 2002.
In 2000 Johns was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his contribution to Australia's international standing in the sport of rugby league.
In 2005 Johns became the 6th former player inducted into the Broncos official Hall of Fame.
During the 2007 season at the Broncos' 20-year anniversary celebration, the club announced a list of the 20 best players to play for them to date which included Johns.

</doc>
<doc id="9736263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736263" title="Chester city walls">
Chester city walls

Chester city walls consist of a defensive structure built to protect the city of Chester in Cheshire, England. Their construction was started by the Romans when they established the fortress of Deva Victrix between 70 and 80 AD. It originated with a rampart of earth and turf surmounted by a wooden palisade. From about 100 AD they were reconstructed using sandstone, but were not completed until over 100 years later. Following the Roman occupation nothing is known about the condition of the walls until Æthelflæd refounded Chester as a burgh in 907. The defences were improved, although the precise nature of the improvement is not known. After the Norman conquest, the walls were extended to the west and the south to form a complete circuit of the medieval city. The circuit was probably complete by the middle of the 12th century.
Maintenance of the structure of the walls was an ongoing concern. They were further fortified before the Civil War, and were damaged during the war. Following this they ceased to have a defensive purpose, and were developed for leisure and recreation. The walls are now a major tourist attraction, and form an almost complete circuit of the former medieval city, providing a walkway of about . Upkeep and repair of the walls continues to be a problem.
History.
Military use.
In about 74 or 75 AD the Roman legion Legio II Adiutrix established a fortress in Chester. The fortress was initially defended by an earth rampart surmounted by a wooden palisade and surrounded by a ditch with a sharp V-shaped profile. It is likely that the rampart was about 3 metres high on a base of about 6 metres. The earth for the rampart was obtained from digging the ditch. It was set on a base of logs and held together by branches and brushwood. At intervals of about 50 metres along the ramparts were wooden towers with a square base of about 4.5 metres; they were probably about 7.5 metres high. On each of the four sides was a main gate with timber towers. The gates on the north and east sides stood on the present sites of Northgate and Eastgate. From about 90 AD Chester was occupied by Legio XX Valeria Victrix, who started a programme of rebuilding, including the improvement of the walls. Starting in about 100 AD the earth walls were reconstructed using sandstone. A wall of stone was added to the earth rampart. This consisted of large square blocks of stone built on a chamfered plinth up to a walkway about 4.9 metres above the base. It was surmounted by an elaborately carved cornice, and a parapet topped by capstones. The gates and towers were also rebuilt in stone. It is thought that the north gate was a single arch, while the others had twin portals. The east gate formed the main entry to the fortress, and was particularly impressive, possibly with three storeys. The stone was quarried locally from the immediate area of the fortress. Although started in about 100 AD, the rebuilding of the walls was abandoned in the early part of the 2nd century, perhaps with the walls incomplete, and was not finished until over 100 years later. The walls continued to be maintained throughout the Roman occupation, with major repairs undertaken during the 4th century.
Nothing is known about the condition of the walls between the end of the Roman occupation in the late 4th century and the refounding of Chester by Æthelflæd as a burgh in 907 as part of the reconquest of Mercia by the Anglo-Saxons. Parts of the Roman walls were still present, as they continue to stand today. The Anglo-Saxons certainly repaired the northern and eastern sections of the Roman walls. At some time Roman stones, including tombstones, were used in repairs, but it uncertain whether this was during this period or later. There is evidence, including the discovery of a Saxon U-shaped ditch, that the wall was extended from the southeast corner of the Roman wall to the river, forming an L-shaped defence, but whether this would have been a stone or an earth defence is unknown. There is a reference to repairing the walls in the Domesday Survey. Following the Norman conquest the army of William the Conqueror arrived in Chester in 1069–70, and the king ordered that a castle should be built. This was constructed outside the site of the Roman fortress, to the southwest in an elevated position overlooking the River Dee. This necessitated the extension of the walls to the west and south to incorporate the castle, leading to the circuit of the walls currently present. Three new gates were built, the Watergate in the west wall, and the Shipgate and Bridgegate. The latter two gates were certainly built by the 1120s, and it is thought that the medieval circuit of the walls was complete by 1162. They then consisted of the curtain wall itself, gates, towers and a ditch. The Saxon ditch has been filled in, and the medieval ditches were dug further from the walls. The earlier ditch had been shallow, probably no more than 1 metre deep. However, following a siege of Chester Castle in 1265, a larger ditch was dug, this one being over 2 metres deep.
The finance required for the upkeep of the walls was mainly by a series of murages granted by the king, duties levied on merchandise passing into and out of the city. The main gates were under the control of hereditary sergeants who collected tolls and organised watches on the walls. During the 15th century the granting of murages was delegated to the city authorities, but keeping up with the necessary repairs was a continuing problem. Breaches occurred in 1569, 1608 and 1629, and in both 1589 and in 1641 the walls were described as being "ruinous". In the expectation of the coming Civil War, repairs were carried out in the early 1640s, and further fortifications were added to the walls and in the outer suburbs. The walls were heavily damaged during the siege of the city by Parliamentarian forces in 1645, this included two major breaches.
Recreational use.
After the end of the Civil War, the walls ceased to have any military or defensive function, and increasingly became used for recreational purposes. In 1707 the City Assembly made a grant of £1,000 (£ as of ) to repair and re-flag the walls to make a walkway with an unfortified parapet. Notable people walking the walls in the early 18th century included John Wesley and Samuel Johnson. By this time the main gates were too narrow for the increasing traffic, so they were all rebuilt with wider arches. The gates had also prevented an unobstructed perambulation of the walls, and the opportunity was taken to carry the walkway over the new gates. Eastgate was replaced in 1768, Bridgegate in 1781, and Watergate in 1788. Other measures were taken to improve the accessibility for walkers; these included the building of Recorder's Steps in 1720 on the southern part of the walls, and the Wishing Steps in 1785 on a steeply inclined section to the east of the Recorder's Steps. Between 1808 and 1810 Northgate was rebuilt. This gate had contained the city gaol, and a new gaol was built in the south of the city. The gaol yard extended southwards towards the river and this necessitated removing Shipgate, thus creating a permanent breach in the wall.
Improvements in transport in the 19th and 20th centuries have resulted in further alterations to the walls. Until the early 19th century the only bridge over the Dee had been the Old Dee Bridge immediately to the south of Bridgegate. In the 1820s Grosvenor Bridge was built, passing through the walls at the southwest corner. In 1846 the Chester and Holyhead Railway was built, cutting the walls and passing through arches under the northeast corner. By the 1930s road traffic had increased and was causing severe congestion in the middle of the city, particularly at Chester Cross. A new road was created to the south of the centre of the city, breaching the east wall to the west of the Amphitheatre. Newgate was built to allow the traffic to pass and to take the walkway over the road; this opened in 1938. Following the Second World War traffic increased further and in the 1960s the Inner Ring Road was built to take traffic from Grosvenor Bridge to the west of the city centre. Where it breached the north wall a concrete footbridge, named St Martin's Gate, was built and opened in 1966.
Present day.
Chester city walls are a major tourist attraction for visitors to the city. They form an almost complete circuit of the city as it was in the medieval era, and measure almost in circumference. The walk is approximately rectangular in plan, on a continuous elevated walkway, apart from a short section on the south of the city. It incorporates medieval structures, including Bonewaldesthorne's Tower, attached to the Water Tower at the northwest corner, Pemberton's Parlour and Morgan's Mount on the north section of the walls, Phoenix Tower, Thimbleby's Tower and Barnaby's Tower on the east section of the walls, and the base of a drum tower on the south section. It crosses roads on the four major medieval gates to the city, Northgate, Eastgate, Bridgegate, and Watergate, and more modern roads on Newgate and St Martin's Gate. The walk also crosses Kaleyard Gate on the eastern section of the walls, and passes the Recorder's Steps on the south section.
The walls comprise the most complete Roman and medieval defensive town wall system in Britain. The entire circuit of the walls, together with the towers and gates, is recognised as a Scheduled Monument. Almost every section of the walls has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building, the only exception being the section of the walls between Bridgegate and the County Hall, which is listed at Grade II*. Upkeep and repair of the walls continue to cause problems. In 2008 a section of the wall collapsed and had to be repaired. It was reopened in 2010. There have been several fatal accidents of people falling from the walls.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="9736267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736267" title="The Gay Life">
The Gay Life

The Gay Life is a musical with a book by Fay and Michael Kanin, lyrics by Howard Dietz, and music by Arthur Schwartz.
Based on a cycle of seven short plays by Arthur Schnitzler, published in 1893 and first staged in 1910, "The Gay Life" focuses on womanizing playboy Anatol Von Huber. The score is a mixture of traditional Broadway show tunes and operetta.
Production.
"The Gay Life" started pre-Broadway try-outs at the Fisher Theater in Detroit and the O'Keefe Centre in Toronto. The production opened on Broadway at the Shubert Theatre on November 18, 1961 and closed on February 24, 1962 after 113 performances and three previews. Directed by Gerald Freedman and choreographed by Herbert Ross, the cast included Walter Chiari as Anatol, Barbara Cook as Liesl, and Jules Munshin as Max, with Elizabeth Allen as Magda.
Because of the new meaning which the term "gay" had acquired since the show's original staging, its title was changed to The High Life when it was presented in concert by the off-Broadway Musicals Tonight! in October 2005.
Synopsis.
In Vienna in 1904, Anatol Von Huber is to marry Liesl, but his former mistress is discovered with him on his wedding day. In flashback Anatol remembers how he arrived at this circumstance.
Anatol, a confirmed bachelor and playboy, has decided the time has come to settle down and get married. His target is the sister of his best friend Max, the virginal Liesl, whose longtime crush on him makes her the likeliest candidate. But the young lady is determined to tame the philanderer and make him swear to be true to her before she accepts his proposal.
After meeting Anatol for the first time since she was a child at the marriage mart in Carlsbad, Liesl decides that Anatol is the man for her. However, as the guests waltz, Antol leaves with the Frenchwoman Mimi. When they meet again on Christmas Eve, Liesl tells Anatol how she feels, even though he is with Mimi.
Anatol learns that Mimi plans on leaving him, and he invents a story about his relationship with Liesl. Anatol does in fact propose, but Liesl is doubtful they will really marry. Her doubts seem to come true when his old flame, Magda, is found in his bedroom. Although Liesl declares that she will not marry him, he proposes again, and they marry.
Critical response.
Howard Taubman, reviewing for "The New York Times", called the show "colorful, cheerful, and leisurely in an Old World way" and wrote: "The nicest of all the gemutlich...is Barbara Cook. As Liesl she conveys an enchanting blend of gentle simplicity and independent character. The integrity of her acting and her singing voice gives an oft-told sentimental story the credibility of human warmth." 
Recording.
An original cast recording was released by Capitol Records (Capitol WAO 1560 and SWAO 1560) and later released on CD by Angel, then DRG. John Wilson, reviewing the album ("New York Times") wrote that "relieved of the encumbrance of the book the score is sunny and lilting with extremely hummable songs." 

</doc>
<doc id="9736295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736295" title="List of extinct indigenous peoples of Russia">
List of extinct indigenous peoples of Russia

This is a list of extinct indigenous peoples of Russia. The list doesn't include Ancient or classical historical tribes in there period of 4000 BC to 500 AD. List does include tribes of Russia from 500 AD to 1519 AD the Middle Ages. List also includes Endangered groups for comparison that for all intents and purposes will go extinct such as facing Extinction vortex 500 members or less by 2002 Census so we will have to check back in here in a future census to see how they are faring in the census.
Extinct.
Slavic migration began in the 6th century and some of indigenous peoples who lived in European Russia and Siberia assimilated by the Russians.

</doc>
<doc id="9736296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736296" title="Linguistic performance">
Linguistic performance

In linguistics, performance has two senses:
It is also one of the two elements in Chomsky's performance–competence distinction, which relates to language production ("parole"), with an emphasis upon how this is different from competence, or the mental knowledge of language itself. Linguistic performance does not simply reflect the intrinsic sound-meaning connections established by the system of linguistic rules. It involves many other factors, such as extra-linguistic beliefs concerning the speaker and the situation; these play a fundamental role in determining how speech is produced, identified and understood. Furthermore, it is governed by principles of cognitive structure such as memory limitations, distractions, shifts of attention and interest, and errors (random or characteristic) that are technically not considered to be aspects of language.

</doc>
<doc id="9736304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736304" title="Mario Biondi">
Mario Biondi

Mario Biondi (born Mario Ranno, on 28 January 1971) is an Italian singer. 
Born in Catania, Italy, the son of a popular song singer, during his youth sang in various small choirs. Years after he accompanied Franco Califano, Peppino Di Capri, Fred Bongusto, Rosario Fiorello and others on their Concert tours. After a long series of participations with Italian and international artists, and a small production of disco music, during 2006 he achieved success with the Schema Records album "Handful of Soul". His deep and warm voice recalls the great interpreters of soul and rhythm and blues music. In 2007, he released a double disc containing live material, entitled "I Love You More LIVE". In 2010 he released a live album "Yes You (Live)" and followed that in 2011 with a double CD album "Due". In 2013, Biondi released a new album "SUN" and "Mario Christmas"

</doc>
<doc id="9736317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736317" title="Situation Hot">
Situation Hot

Situation Hot is actually a re-release of Arabian Prince's earlier singles from the days before N.W.A. It was released on cassette in 1990, then re-packaged as Greatest Hits on CD in 1998 with a slightly expanded track list.

</doc>
<doc id="9736328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736328" title="Golden Choice">
Golden Choice

Golden Choice (foaled 1983) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning Canada's most prestigious horse race, the Queen's Plate. Sired by Val de l'Orne, the 1975 Prix du Jockey Club winner, his damsire was Barachois, a son of Northern Dancer. Golden Choice was purchased as a yearling for $60,000 at the Canadian Thoroughbred Horse Society (CTHS) sale at Woodbine.
Racing as a three-year-old, he finished third in the 1986 Plate Trial Stakes but then won the first two legs of the Canadian Triple Crown. The Queen's Plate was the first ever win for Golden Choice who then defeated the great filly Carotene to capture the Prince of Wales Stakes. However, in the final leg of the Triple Crown series he finished third to Carotene. Among his other victories in 1986, Golden Choice won the Niagara Breeders' Cup Stakes. His performances that year earned him the Sovereign Award for Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse.
His co-owner, Richard "Dick" Sanderson wrote a book about Golden Choice titled "The Choice was GOLDEN :The True Story of a Racehorse". Noted ABC sportscaster Jim McKay said of the book: "there are more good stories in horse racing than in any other sport. This is one of them."

</doc>
<doc id="9736340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736340" title="William Denman Eberle">
William Denman Eberle

William Denman Eberle (June 5, 1923April 3, 2008) was an American politician and businessman from Idaho who held the office of Trade Representative from 1971 to 1974 under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. 
Biography.
Eberle was born in Boise, Idaho. He attended Boise High School, Stanford University and Harvard Law School. Eberle married the former Jean C. Quick and they had four children: Jeffrey, W. David, Francis Q. and Cilista C. Eberle.
Eberle was a co-founder of pulp and paper company Boise Cascade and was chief executive officer of manufacturing firm American Standard. From 1953 to 1961, he was a member of the Idaho House of Representatives. Eberle served as Trade Representative during the Nixon and Ford administrations, from 1971 to 1975. He resigned and was succeed by Frederick B. Dent, who resigned as Commerce Secretary.
Eberle died of renal failure in Concord, Massachusetts on April 3, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9736344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736344" title="Tiébissou Department">
Tiébissou Department

Tiébissou Department is one of the departments of Côte d'Ivoire. It is part of Lacs Region.

</doc>
<doc id="9736405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736405" title="Wytheville Statesmen">
Wytheville Statesmen

The Wytheville Statesmen were a minor league baseball team located in Wytheville, Virginia. The Statesmen were a member of the Appalachian League. 
Affiliations.
The Statesmen were affiliated with the following major league teams:

</doc>
<doc id="9736441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736441" title="Kim Min-seok (figure skater)">
Kim Min-seok (figure skater)

Kim Min-seok (Korean: 김민석, born February 19, 1993) is a South Korean figure skater. He is the 2012 Asian Trophy champion and a two-time (2009 and 2010) South Korean national champion. He has competed on the Junior Grand Prix circuit and at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships. He is the first Korean skater to land a triple axel in ISU competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9736458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736458" title="Antonio Sacco">
Antonio Sacco

Antonio Sacco (1708–1788) was an Italian improvisational actor, renowned for his performance as the Commedia dell'arte stock character Truffaldino. Sacco's lasting influence was in requesting playwright Carlo Goldoni to lay a dramatic structure to his improvised routines, with the resulting plays "Truffaldino's 32 Mishaps" (1738–40), "Truffaldino's Son Lost and Found" (1746), and the masterpiece "A Servant of Two Masters" (1745–53) being the best permanent record of what was an impromptu and momentary art form. Sacco toured throughout Europe with his own Commedia troupe from 1738 to 1753, and both David Garrick and Casanova spoke highly of his talents.

</doc>
<doc id="9736473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736473" title="List of neighbourhoods of Chennai">
List of neighbourhoods of Chennai

This is a list of areas and neighbourhoods in Chennai by region. The city is divided on the basis of composition into four major parts: North, Central, South and West. North Chennai is primarily an industrial area while some areas are residential. Central Chennai is the commercial heart of the city and the downtown area. South Chennai and West Chennai, previously predominantly residential areas are fast turning into commercial areas, hosting a large number of IT and financial companies alone the GST Road, OMR and NH 4.
Suburban Chennai.
The Suburban Chennai includes almost half of the places in the districts of Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur. Suburban Chennai is commonly called as Greater Chennai KELAMBAKKAM.
Satellite Towns.
Although technically not belonging to the Chennai Metropolitan area, many of these satellite towns are referred to as being within Chennai.
The State government will decide on the expansion of the Chennai Metropolitan Area (CMA) before the end of this fiscal, R Vaithilingam, Minister for Housing and Urban Development, told the Assembly on Aug 25, 2011. In view of the fast-paced development taking place in areas beyond the present metropolitan area jurisdiction, like Sriperumbudur, Kelambakkam, Tiruvallur and Mahabalipuram, it had become necessary to review the Chennai Metropolitan Planning Area that was notified in 1973-74, he said.

</doc>
<doc id="9736480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736480" title="Lewiston Broncs">
Lewiston Broncs

The Lewis-Clark Broncs were a minor league baseball team based in Lewiston, Idaho, and played from 1952 through 1974.
The parent organization was Lewiston Baseball Club, Inc., formed in 1952 by Lewiston businessmen Sam Canner Sr., Jack Lee, Billy Gray, George Thiessen, and others. Gray later sold his shares to Thiessen. The Broncs were a member of the Western International League 1953-54, and the WIL's successor, the Northwest League, from 1955-74. The Broncs won the NWL championships in , led by catcher-manager John McNamara, the future MLB skipper and in 1970, 1972, and 1973.
The Broncs had two distinctions:
The team colors were blue and white.
Affiliations.
The Broncs were affiliated with four major league franchises:
Players.
A roster check in 1967 showed that 40% of the players and coaches of the Kansas City Athletics had been in Lewiston at one time or another. Reggie Jackson was perhaps the most famous Lewiston Bronc of all-time; "Mr. October" played 12 games at age 20 for Lewiston in 1966. The Broncs' rosters included Rick Monday, manager John McNamara, Vearl ("Snag") Moore, Thorton ("Kip") Kipper, Antonio Perez, Ron Koepper, Delmer Owen, Dick Green, Bud Swan, Bert Campaneris, John Israel, Dave Duncan, Al Heist and as a player, later coach-manager Robert ("Gabby") Williams.
Termination.
The Broncs and their parent company were dissolved in January 1975, after years of financial losses due to poor win-loss records. Micromanagement interference from then A's owner, Charlie O. Finley, at all levels of the A's organization was the cause. The result for the Broncs was lost games due to the best players being quickly moved up to other minor league franchises in Single-A (Burlington Bees) and Double-A (Birmingham A's).
The A's maintained a presence in the Northwest League in 1975 with a new franchise in southwestern Idaho as the Boise A's, managed by former Bronc, Tom Trebelhorn. After two seasons in Boise, the team moved to Medicine Hat in eastern Alberta in 1977 and joined the Pioneer League. The Medicine Hat A's switched affiliations after one season to become the Medicine Hat Blue Jays in 1978. There was no A's affiliate in the NWL in 1977; in 1978 it was the Bend Timber Hawks, in 1979 the Medford A's.

</doc>
<doc id="9736483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736483" title="OWL-S">
OWL-S

OWL-S is an ontology built on top of Web Ontology Language (OWL) by the DARPA DAML program. It replaces the former DAML-S ontology. "OWL-S is an ontology, within the OWL-based framework of the Semantic Web, for describing Semantic Web Services. It will enable users and software agents to automatically discover, invoke, compose, and monitor Web resources offering services, under specified constraints." [http://www.w3.org/Submission/OWL-S/]
The OWL-S Ontology.
Development of OWL-S aims to enable the following tasks:
The OWL-S ontology has three main parts: the "service profile", the "process model" and the "grounding".
OWL-S and WSDL.
OWL-S requires an additional description for a full specification of the grounding, the most commonly used being WSDL. Although both languages target at different levels of specification, there is an intersection between them:

</doc>
<doc id="9736495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736495" title="Mnason of Phocis">
Mnason of Phocis

Mnason of Phocis () was the son of Mnaseas, who took command of the Phokian army after the death of Phayllus. Mnason was a student of Aristotle. Mnason was infamous for the large number of slaves he kept.
There is an apocryphal story Aristotle aggressively questioning Plato in his old age, at which of Mnason is mentioned as being in attendance. 

</doc>
<doc id="9736497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736497" title="David I. Arkin">
David I. Arkin

David I. Arkin (December 19, 1906 - October 8, 1980) was an American teacher, painter, writer, and lyricist, and is the father of actor Alan Arkin.
Life and career.
Arkin was the son of Russian Jewish immigrants. In 1945, Arkin moved his family to Los Angeles, California to take a teaching job. Arkin attempted to obtain work in the entertainment industry, but was unsuccessful. An eight-month Hollywood strike cost Arkin a set designer job, but the greater blow was as a result of the McCarthy "witch hunt". Arkin, a leftist, was accused of being a communist but Arkin refused to answer questions regarding his political affiliation. As a result, he was fired from his teaching job and was unable to gain work in Hollywood. Arkin challenged his dismissal, but did not achieve exoneration until after his death. He died of cancer in October, 1980, at the age of 73 at his home in Silverlake, California.
Arkin's most memorable song-writing contribution was in creating the lyrics to the song "Black and White", with music by Earl Robinson in 1954. The song was written to celebrate the United States Supreme Court decision of Brown v. Board of Education striking down racial segregation in public schools.
Black and White has been recorded by artists as diverse as Pete Seeger, Sammy Davis Jr, Greyhound, The Maytones and Three Dog Night. The lyric has been the basis of an illustrated book by Arkin, which was first published in 1966. More recent editions feature a new introduction by Pete Seeger.

</doc>
<doc id="9736498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736498" title="Ayr Academy">
Ayr Academy

Ayr Academy is a non-denominational secondary school situated in the centre of Ayr in South Ayrshire. It is a comprehensive school for children from the ages of 11 to 18 from Ayr. Ayr Academy's catchment area covers Newton-on-Ayr, Whitletts and the outlying villages of Coylton, Annbank, and Mossblown. In 2007 the closure of Mainholm Academy resulted in the addition of approx 100 extra pupils attending Ayr Academy. At present, approximately 700 + pupils attend the school. 
The school is currently planning to find a new location for itself with Craigie pitch and putt and Craigie Park being the preferred location after getting £3.25 million from the Government, they plan on selling the current Ayr Academy once the new building is complete. 
The school's motto is "Respice, Prospice", which is Latin for "Look Backwards, Look Forwards" which would mean, idiomatically, "Learn from the past, look to the future.".
History.
The school has existed, in various guises, since 1233 although it did not come to be known as Ayr Academy until 1796. It moved from the Sandgate to its present location on Fort Street in 1800, with a further extension to the building added in the early 1960s.
Houses.
The school uses a house system and is split into four houses House colours are stated in the brackets; Galloway (Red), Kyle (Green), and Carrick (Blue) and Cunningham (Yellow).
Notable former pupils.
"In alphabetical order"

</doc>
<doc id="9736508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736508" title="Kim Na-young">
Kim Na-young

Kim Na-Young may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9736512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736512" title="European Parliament election, 1994">
European Parliament election, 1994

The 1994 European Parliamentary Election was a European election held across the 12 European Union member states in June 1994.
This election saw the merge of the European People's Party and European Democrats, an increase in the overall number of seats (567 members were elected to the European Parliament) and a fall in overall turnout to 57%.
__TOC__
Results.
The members of the European Democrats had joined the European People's Party, some as associate members such as the British Conservatives who did not wish to subscribe to the EPP's pro-federalist position. Despite the merger the EPP failed one more to become the largest party, with the Party of European Socialists once more claiming victory with a 41 seat lead over the People's Party.
Elected in 1994 were Forza Italia, who formed their own short lived group, Forza Europa, before merging with the European Democratic Alliance a year after the election to become the Group Union for Europe. In addition to Forza Europa, another new group was founded following the fall of the European Right group: the Europe of Nations Group (Coordination Group) - the first Eurosceptic group in parliament, which lasted until 1996.
Results by country.
The national results as at 9–12 June 1994 are as follows:
Seat distribution.
The number of seats was changed to accommodate Austria, Finland and Sweden who were joining the following year, holding elections then. They were granted 21,16 and 22 seats respectively. The total number of seats increased from 518 to 567.

</doc>
<doc id="9736518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736518" title="Myogenic regulatory factors">
Myogenic regulatory factors

Myogenic regulatory factors are basic helix-loop-helix (bHLH) transcription factors that regulate myogenesis: MyoD, Myf5, myogenin, and MRF4.
These proteins contain a conserved basic DNA binding domain that binds the E box DNA motif. They dimerize with other HLH containing proteins through an HLH-HLH interaction.

</doc>
<doc id="9736554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736554" title="Kangan Institute">
Kangan Institute

Kangan Institute is a Technical and Further Education provider located over a number of campuses in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. It specialises in the automotive, aerospace, polymer and transport industries.
History.
Kangan Institute dates back to 1925 was involves the merger of three major institutes - John Batman, Broadmeadows College and the Richmond automotive campus of Barton Institute of TAFE.
Campuses.
Kangan Institute has seven Melbourne campuses. It also provides education to residents over 15 at the Parkville Youth Residential Centre and Melbourne Youth Justice Centre in Parkville.
Broadmeadows campus
Kangan Institute's main campus in Broadmeadows houses purpose-built training facilities such as the Aerospace Industry Training Centre, the Transport and Logistics Centre and the Polymer Engineering Centre. It also holds the Richards restaurant, which trains hospitality students both as waiters and chefs.
Coburg campus
The Coburg campus is situated in Melbourne's northern suburbs and houses Kangan Institute's automotive training course, in areas such as light and heavy vehicle mechanics, vehicle trimming, motor sport and motorcycle mechanics. This campus also houses a new diesel emission testing and training facility developed in conjunction with the EPA.
Craigieburn campus
The Craigieburn offers marketing and multimedia courses.
Docklands campus
The Automotive Centre of Excellence (ACE) at Docklands is the newest campus. Opened in September 2006 it houses body trades training; incorporating vehicle paint, panel beating and body making.
Essendon campus
The Essendon campus offers business management, information technology and commerce course.
Moreland campus
Situated in the suburb of Coburg, the Moreland campus primarily offers community services and health, language studies and business courses. This use to be the Moreland Secondary College before 1991.
Richmond campus
The Richmond campus is home to study areas such as automotive, fashion and millinery, business and sport and recreation.
Moonee Ponds campus
The Moonee Ponds Centre for Better Living is a purpose built facility for the study of subjects such as nursing, children's services, occupational health & safety, fitness and massage therapy.
Subjects and courses.
Kangan Institute offers nationally accredited courses from certificates to diplomas and graduate diplomas. Courses on offer focus on the following areas:
Kangan Institute also offers traineeship and apprenticeship training in the following areas:
Student life.
Kangan Institute's Student Support and Recreation (SSR) provides on campus and special day activities, discounted trips and tours, free sporting competitions, publications, give-aways, and resources and support to a students at all campuses.
Student awards.
The students from Kangan Institute have won many awards across many disciplines such as fashion, hospitality and automotive. Some of these awards include:
Industry Association of Australia Training Awards
Two of Kangan Institute's furnishing students achieved success at the Furnishing Industry Association of Australia Training Awards in 2006. Castlemaine resident Robert Spencer won the Best Certificate III in Furniture Finishing Apprentice Award while Shannon Richardson was a finalist in the Best Certificate III in Cabinet Making Apprentice category.
TAFE Apprentice Cook of the Year Awards
An award-winning chicken dish helped Kangan Institute cooking apprentice Antony Campbell to a winning trifecta in the State finals of the Victorian TAFE Apprentice Cook of the Year Awards in 2006.
First Antony, a second-year cooking apprentice from Lalor, won a Gold medal for his special dish. Then he went on to claim the Trophy for the best second-year apprentice.
Fashion International: Your Competition
The 2006 Fashion International competition was held at Homebush in Sydney. Out of eight hundred and sixty entrants from around Australia, six finalists were selected. Kangan Institute Fashion students Tracey Osborne won First Prize for Grand Formal Gowns (winning a Singer Sewing Machine and Singer Overlocker) and Rafik Saad won Second Prize in the same category.

</doc>
<doc id="9736593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736593" title="Appleton Papermakers">
Appleton Papermakers

The Appleton Papermakers were a minor league baseball team located in Appleton, Wisconsin. The team was part of the Wisconsin State League.
Affiliations.
The Papermakers were affiliated with the following major league baseball teams:

</doc>
<doc id="9736615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736615" title="Science and technology in Flanders">
Science and technology in Flanders

Science and technology in Flanders, the northern region of Belgium (Europe), is well developed with the presence of several universities and research institutes. These are strongly spread over all Flemish cities, from Kortrijk and Bruges in the Western side, over Ghent as a major university center alongside Antwerp, Brussels and Leuven to Hasselt and Diepenbeek in the Eastern side.
Institutes of higher education in the Flemish community.
Universities.
Six Flemish universities issue academic bachelor, master and doctoral degrees on a broad range of disciplines:
As a result of an international treaty between the Netherlands and Flanders, a co-operation between the Universiteit Hasselt (Flanders) and the Universiteit Maastricht (the Netherlands) is recognised as the
According to the Webometrics Ranking of World Universities and the THES - QS World University Rankings, four Flemish universities (Universiteit Antwerpen, Vrije Universiteit Brussel, Universiteit Gent and Katholieke Universiteit Leuven) are among the top-150 universities in Europe and top-300 universities worldwide.
University colleges.
All recognised Flemish university colleges are associated with a Flemish university.
The following colleges, which issue professional bachelor, academic bachelor and master degrees, are recognised by the Flemish government:
Antwerp University Association: University Colleges associated with the University of Antwerp
Ghent University Association: University Colleges associated with Ghent University
University Association Brussels: University Colleges associated with Vrije Universiteit Brussel
KU Leuven Association: University Colleges associated with Katholieke Universiteit Leuven
Limburg University Association: University Colleges associated with Hasselt University
Registered institutes of higher education.
Finally, the Flemish government has recognised a number of "registered" institutes of higher education, which mostly issue specialised degrees or provide education mainly in a foreign language:
Technology funding.
The following institutions provide various forms of public funding for research and development:
Technology institutes.
Flanders is home to several science and technology institutes.
Science parks.
Several science parks associated with the universities are spread over Flanders:

</doc>
<doc id="9736618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736618" title="H. R. P. Dickson">
H. R. P. Dickson

Lieutenant Colonel Harold Richard Patrick Dickson (4 February 1881 – 14 June 1959) was a British colonial administrator in the Middle East from the 1920s until the 1940s, and author of several books on Kuwait.
Life.
H. R. P. Dickson was one of six children of John Dickson, a diplomat in the Levant from 1872–1906, and Edith Wills. He was born in Beirut, Lebanon and was taken at a young age to Damascus, Syria where his father was Consul. There his mother's milk failed and Shaikh Mijwal al Mazrab, the husband of Lady Jane Digby, provided the young child with a wet nurse from the 'Anizah tribe. Islamic law lays out the permanent family-like relationships that are created by wet nursing, and this "blood affinity" between Dickson and the 'Anizah meant he was treated as a member of the tribe. He stated that this blood tie 'in later life has been of assistance to me in my dealings with the Badawin of the high desert and around Kuwait'. Following the death of Lady Jane Digby, the Dickson family rented her house in Damascus, and Dickson recalled that he 'spent my childhood days rambling about the lovely garden that had once been [her pride and happiness.'.
Dickson met his wife Dame Violet Dickson (1896 – 1991) in Marseilles, France, shortly after the end of World War I, where she was working in a bank. She travelled out to meet him in India, where he was stationed and where they were married. Shortly afterwards he was posted to Iraq.
Dickson served as British Political Agent in Bahrain from 1919-1920. He also served in Persia (present-day Iran). In 1929 he was appointed British Political Agent to Kuwait, and served in this role until 1936. He briefly held this role again in 1941.
Some of his reports have been published in "Political Diaries of the Arab World: Persian Gulf 1904-1965". The publishers' description of this volume reads in part: "Perhaps the most idiosyncratic to the volume was Lt. Col. H. R. P. Dickson who wrote voluminously in the 1920s and 1930s on his trips into the Saudi hinterland, his meetings with rulers and all the machinations and gossip that sometimes go into political intelligence-gathering."
After retiring from his political career he worked for the Kuwait Oil Company, for which company he had been the first Chief Local Representative in Kuwait.
Dickson had a detailed knowledge of bedouin life and customs, and produced two books which are considered valuable chronicles of a now-threatened way of life. These books, "The Arab of the Desert: A Glimpse into Badawin Life in Kuwait and Sa'udi Arabia", first published in 1949, and "Kuwait and her Neighbours", first published in 1956, have been described as 'monumental', and are now sought-after collector's items.
Dickson had a son Saud (who died in May 2005), and a daughter Zahra Freeth (née Dickson), who is also an author on Middle Eastern topics and who co-edited and abridged the third edition of "The Arab of the Desert".
The Dickson House Cultural Centre, Kuwait City.
The British Political Agency in Kuwait was based in a house that had been built in 1870 for a Kuwaiti merchant. The Dicksons moved into the house in 1929, and the building served as the British political agency until 1935. Dickson lived there until his death in 1959 and Dame Violet until the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990, when she was evacuated to Britain. Sadly, Dame Violet died before the liberation of Kuwait. The house was ransacked during the invasion, but has since been restored by the Kuwaiti National Council for Culture, Arts and Letters, and is now a tourist attraction. It is one of few surviving examples of nineteenth century Kuwaiti architecture, with thirty rooms on two floors.
H. R. P. Dickson archive.
Papers by and relating to H. R. P. Dickson are held at the Middle East Centre Archive, St Antony's College, Oxford University (MECA reference: GB165-0085) web address http://www.sant.ox.ac.uk/mec/meca.shtml
The Catalogue for the Harold Dickson Collection is available online as a pdf file at
http://www.sant.ox.ac.uk/mec/MEChandlists/GB165-0085-HRP-Dickson-Collection.pdf
A few papers are held by the Faculty of Oriental Studies, Cambridge University (FOS reference: BT C/8 and BT C/22).

</doc>
<doc id="9736634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736634" title="Ernest Westfield">
Ernest Westfield

Ernest Westfield (born November 30, 1939 in Cleveland, Tennessee) is a former right-handed pitcher in Negro league baseball who played from 1959-1965 for the Birmingham Black Barons. At 6' 3" and 160 lbs., he batted and threw right-handed. He was the starting pitcher for the East in the 1960 East-West All-Star Game.

</doc>
<doc id="9736638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736638" title="Subject–auxiliary inversion">
Subject–auxiliary inversion

Subject–auxiliary inversion (also called subject–operator inversion) is a frequently occurring type of inversion in English, whereby a finite auxiliary verb – taken here to include finite forms of the copula "be" – appears to "invert" (change places) with the subject. The word order is therefore Aux-S (auxiliary–subject), which is the opposite of the canonical SV (subject–verb) order of declarative clauses in English. The most frequent use of subject–auxiliary inversion in English is in the formation of questions, although it also has other uses, including the formation of condition clauses, and in the syntax of sentences beginning with negative expressions (negative inversion).
In certain types of English sentences, inversion is also possible with verbs other than auxiliaries; these are described in the article on subject-verb inversion.
Overview.
Subject–auxiliary inversion involves placing the subject after a finite auxiliary verb, rather than before it as is the case in typical declarative sentences (the canonical word order of English being subject–verb–object). The auxiliary verbs which may participate in such inversion (e.g. "is", "can", "have", "will", etc.) are described at English auxiliaries and contractions. Note that forms of the verb "be" are included regardless of whether or not they function as auxiliaries in the sense of governing another verb form. (For exceptions to this restriction, see below.)
A typical example of subject–auxiliary inversion is given below.
Here the subject is "Sam", and the verb "has" is an auxiliary. In the question, these two elements change places (invert). If the sentence does not have an auxiliary verb, this type of simple inversion is not possible. Instead, an auxiliary must be introduced into the sentence in order to allow inversion:
For details of the use of "do", "did" and "does" for this and similar purposes, see "do"-support. For exceptions to the principle that the inverted verb must be an auxiliary, see below. It is also possible for the subject to invert with a negative contraction ("can't", "isn't", etc.). For example:
Compare this with the uncontracted form "Is he not nice?" and the archaic "Is not he nice?").
Uses of subject–auxiliary inversion.
The main uses of subject–auxiliary inversion in English are described in the following sections, although other types can occasionally be found. It should be noted that most of these uses of inversion are restricted to main clauses; they are not found in subordinate clauses. However other types (such as inversion in condition clauses) are specific to subordinate clauses.
In questions.
The most common use of subject–auxiliary inversion in English is in question formation. It appears in yes–no questions:
and also in questions introduced by other interrogative words ("wh"-questions): 
Inversion does not occur, however, when the interrogative word is the subject or is contained in the subject. In this case the subject remains before the verb (it can be said that "wh"-fronting takes precedence over subject–auxiliary inversion):
Inversion also does not normally occur in indirect questions, where the question is no longer in the main clause, due to the penthouse principle. For example:
Similarly:
Negative inversion.
Another use of subject–auxiliary inversion is in sentences which begin with certain types of expressions which contain a negation or have negative force. For example
This is described in detail at negative inversion.
Inversion in condition clauses.
Subject–auxiliary inversion can be used in certain types of subordinate clause expressing a condition:
Note that when the condition is expressed using inversion, the conjunction "if" is omitted. More possibilities are given at , and variations are described at .
Other cases.
Subject–auxiliary inversion is used after the anaphoric particle "so", mainly in elliptical sentences. The same frequently occurs in elliptical clauses beginning with "as".
Inversion also occurs following an expression beginning with "so" or "such", as in:
Subject–auxiliary inversion may optionally be used in elliptical clauses introduced by the particle of comparison "than":
Inversion with other types of verb.
There are certain sentence patterns in English in which subject–verb inversion takes place where the verb is not restricted to an auxiliary verb. Here the subject may invert with certain main verbs, e.g. "After the pleasure comes the pain", or with a chain of verbs, e.g. "In the box will be a bottle". These are described in the article on subject-verb inversion. Further, inversion was not limited to auxiliaries in older forms of English. Examples of non-auxiliary verbs being used in typical subject–auxiliary inversion patterns may be found in older texts or in English written in an archaic style:
The verb "have", when used to denote broadly defined possession (and hence not as an auxiliary), is still sometimes used in this way in modern standard English:
Inversion as a remnant of V2 word order.
In some cases of subject–auxiliary inversion, such as negative inversion, the effect is to put the finite auxiliary verb into second position in the sentence. In these cases, inversion in English results in word order that is like the V2 word order of other Germanic languages (Danish, Dutch, Frisian, Icelandic, German, Norwegian, Swedish, Yiddish, etc.). These instances of inversion are remnants of the V2 pattern that formerly existed in English as it still does in its related languages. Old English followed a consistent V2 word order.
Structural analyses.
The structural analysis of subject-auxiliary inversion, and of inversion in general, challenges many theories of sentence structure, in particular, those theories based on phrase structure. The challenge stems from the fact that these theories posit the existence of a finite verb phrase constituent. The standard declarative sentence is divided into two immediate constituents, a subject NP and a predicate VP. When subject-auxiliary inversion occurs, it appears to violate the integrity of the predicate. The canonical predicate is underlined in the following sentences:
The finite VP predicate is a continuous sequence of words in the a-sentences. In the b-sentences in contrast, subject-auxiliary inversion breaks up the predicate. What this means is that in one sense or another, a discontinuity is present in the structure.
One widespread means of addressing this difficulty is to posit movement. The underlying word order of the b-sentences is deemed to be that shown in the a-sentences. To arrive at the inversion word order in the b-sentences, movement is assumed. The finite verb moves out of its base position after the subject into a derived position in front of the subject.
By moving out of its base position and into the derived position at the front of the clause, the integrity of the predicate VP constituent can be maintained, since it is present at an underlying level of sentence structure.
An alternative analysis does not acknowledge the binary division of the clause into subject NP and predicate VP, but rather it places the finite verb as the root of the entire sentence and views the subject as switching to the other side of the finite verb. No discontinuity is perceived. Dependency grammars are likely to pursue this sort of analysis. The following dependency trees illustrate how this alternative account can be understood:
These trees show the finite verb as the root of all sentence structure. The hierarchy of words remains the same across the a- and b-trees. If movement occurs at all, it occurs rightward (not leftward); the subject moves rightward to appear as a post-dependent of its head, which is the finite auxiliary verb.

</doc>
<doc id="9736652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736652" title="Auditory masking">
Auditory masking

Auditory masking occurs when the perception of one sound is affected by the presence of another sound.
Auditory masking in the frequency domain is known as simultaneous masking, frequency masking or spectral masking. Auditory masking in the time domain is known as temporal masking or non-simultaneous masking.
Masked threshold.
The "unmasked threshold" is the quietest level of the signal which can be perceived without a masking signal present. The "masked threshold" is the quietest level of the signal perceived when combined with a specific masking noise. The amount of masking is the difference between the masked and unmasked thresholds.
Gelfand provides a basic example. Let us say that for a given individual, the sound of a cat scratching a post in an otherwise quiet environment is first audible at a level of 10 dB SPL. However, in the presence of a masking noise (for example, a vacuum cleaner that is running simultaneously) that same individual cannot detect the sound of the cat scratching unless the level of the scratching sound is at least 26 dB SPL. We would say that the unmasked threshold for that individual for the target sound (i.e., the cat scratching) is 10 dB SPL, while the masked threshold is 26 dB SPL. The amount of masking is simply the difference between these two thresholds: 16 dB.
The amount of masking will vary depending on the characteristics of both the target signal and the masker, and will also be specific to an individual listener. While the person in the example above was able to detect the cat scratching at 26 dB SPL, another person may not be able to hear the cat scratching while the vacuum was on until the sound level of the cat scratching was increased to 30 dB SPL (thereby making the amount of masking for the second listener 20 dB).
Simultaneous masking.
Simultaneous masking occurs when a sound is made inaudible by a noise or unwanted sound of the same duration as the original sound. For example, a powerful spike at 1 kHz will tend to mask out a lower-level tone at 1.1 kHz. Also, two sine tones at 440 and 450 Hz can be perceived clearly when separated. They cannot be perceived clearly when presented simultaneously. 
Critical bandwidth.
If two sounds of two different frequencies are played at the same time, two separate sounds can often be heard rather than a combination tone. The ability to hear frequencies separately is known as "frequency resolution" or "frequency selectivity". When signals are perceived as a combination tone, they are said to reside in the same "critical bandwidth". This effect is thought to occur due to filtering within the cochlea, the hearing organ in the inner ear. A complex sound is split into different frequency components and these components cause a peak in the pattern of vibration at a specific place on the cilia inside the basilar membrane within the cochlea. These components are then coded independently on the auditory nerve which transmits sound information to the brain. This individual coding only occurs if the frequency components are different enough in frequency, otherwise they are in the same critical band and are coded at the same place and are perceived as one sound instead of two.
The filters that distinguish one sound from another are called auditory filters, listening channels or critical bandwidths. Frequency resolution occurs on the basilar membrane due to the listener choosing a filter which is centered over the frequency they expect to hear, the signal frequency. A sharply tuned filter has good frequency resolution as it allows the center frequencies through but not other frequencies (Pickles 1982). Damage to the cochlea and the outer hair cells in the cochlea can impair the ability to tell sounds apart (Moore 1986). This explains why someone with a hearing loss due to cochlea damage would have more difficulty than a normal hearing person in distinguishing between different consonants in speech.
Masking illustrates the limits of frequency selectivity. If a signal is masked by a masker with a different frequency to the signal then the auditory system was unable to distinguish between the two frequencies. By experimenting with conditions where one sound can mask a previously heard signal, the frequency selectivity of the auditory system can be tested.
Similar frequencies.
How effective the masker is at raising the threshold of the signal depends on the frequency of the signal and the frequency of the masker. The graphs in Figure B are a series of masking patterns, also known as masking audiograms. Each graph shows the amount of masking produced at each masker frequency shown at the top corner, 250, 500, 1000 and 2000 Hz. For example, in the first graph the masker is presented at a frequency of 250 Hz at the same time as the signal. The amount the masker increases the threshold of the signal is plotted and this is repeated for different signal frequencies, shown on the X axis. The frequency of the masker is kept constant. The masking effect is shown in each graph at various masker sound levels.
Figure B shows along the Y axis the amount of masking. The greatest masking is when the masker and the signal are the same frequency and this decreases as the signal frequency moves further away from the masker frequency. This phenomenon is called on-frequency masking and occurs because the masker and signal are within the same auditory filter (Figure C). This means that the listener cannot distinguish between them and they are perceived as one sound with the quieter sound masked by the louder one (Figure D).
The amount the masker raises the threshold of the signal is much less in off-frequency masking, but it does have some masking effect because some of the masker overlaps into the auditory filter of the signal (Figure E)
-frequency masking 
requires the level of the masker to be greater in order to have a masking effect; this is shown in Figure F. This is because only a certain amount of the masker overlaps into the auditory filter of the signal and more masker is needed to cover the signal.
Lower frequencies.
The masking pattern changes depending on the frequency of the masker and the intensity (Figure B). For low levels on the 1000 Hz graph, such as the 20-40 dB range, the curve is relatively parallel. As the masker intensity increases the curves separate, especially for signals at a frequency higher than the masker. This shows that there is a spread of the masking effect upward in frequency as the intensity of the masker is increased. The curve is much shallower in the high frequencies than in the low frequencies. This flattening is called upward spread of masking and is why an interfering sound masks high frequency signals much better than low frequency signals.
Figure B also shows that as the masker frequency increases, the masking patterns become increasingly compressed. This demonstrates that high frequency maskers are only effective over a narrow range of frequencies, close to the masker frequency. Low frequency maskers on the other hand are effective over a wide frequency range.
Harvey Fletcher carried out an experiment to discover how much of a band of noise contributes to the masking of a tone. In the experiment, a fixed tone signal had various bandwidths of noise centered on it. The masked threshold was recorded for each bandwidth. His research showed that there is a critical bandwidth of noise which causes the maximum masking effect and energy outside that band does not affect the masking. This can be explained by the auditory system having an auditory filter which is centered over the frequency of the tone. The bandwidth of the masker that is within this auditory filter effectively masks the tone but the masker outside of the filter has no effect (Figure G.)
This is used in MP3 files to reduce the size of audio files. Parts of the signals which are outside the critical bandwidth are represented with reduced precision. The parts of the signals which are perceived by the listener are reproduced with higher fidelity.
Effects of intensity.
Varying intensity levels can also have an effect on masking. The lower end of the filter becomes flatter with increasing decibel level, whereas the higher end becomes slightly steeper. Changes in slope of the high frequency side of the filter with intensity are less consistent than they are at low frequencies. At the medium frequencies (1–4 kHz) the slope increases as intensity increases, but at the low frequencies there is no clear inclination with level and the filters at high center frequencies show a small decrease in slope with increasing level. The sharpness of the filter depends on the input level and not the output level to the filter. The lower side of the auditory filter also broadens with increasing level. These observations are illustrated in Figure H.
Temporal masking.
Temporal masking or non-simultaneous masking occurs when a sudden stimulus sound makes inaudible other sounds which are present immediately preceding or following the stimulus. Masking which obscures a sound immediately preceding the masker is called "backward masking" or "pre-masking" and masking which obscures a sound immediately following the masker is called "forward masking" or "post-masking". Temporal masking's effectiveness attenuates exponentially from the onset and offset of the masker, with the onset attenuation lasting approximately 20 ms and the offset attenuation lasting approximately 100 ms.
Similar to simultaneous masking, temporal masking reveals the frequency analysis performed by the auditory system; forward masking thresholds for complex harmonic tones (e.g., a sawtooth probe with a fundamental frequency of 500 Hz) exhibit threshold peaks (i.e., high masking levels) for frequency bands centered on the first several harmonics. In fact, auditory bandwidths measured from forward masking thresholds are narrower and more accurate than those measured using simultaneous masking.
Temporal masking should not be confused with the ear's acoustic reflex, an involuntary response in the middle ear that is activated to protect the ear's delicate structures from loud sounds.
Other masking conditions.
Ipsilateral ("same side") masking is not the only condition where masking takes place. Another situation where masking occurs is called contralateral ("other side") simultaneous masking. In this case, the instance where the signal might be audible in one ear but is deliberately taken away by applying a masker to the other ear.
The last situation where masking occurs is called central masking. This refers to the case where a masker causes a threshold elevation. This can be in the absence of, or in addition to, another effect and is due to interactions within the central nervous system between the separate neural inputs obtained from the masker and the signal.
Effects of different stimulus types.
Experiments have been carried out to see the different masking effects when using a masker which is either in the form of a narrow band noise or a sinusoidal tone.
When a sinusoidal signal and a sinusoidal masker (tone) are presented simultaneously the envelope of the combined stimulus fluctuates in a regular pattern described as beats. The fluctuations occur at a rate defined by the difference between the frequencies of the two sounds. If the frequency difference is small then the sound is perceived as a periodic change in the loudness of a single tone. If the beats are fast then this can be described as a sensation of roughness. When there is a large frequency separation, the two components are heard as separate tones without roughness or beats. Beats can be a cue to the presence of a signal even when the signal itself is not audible. The influence of beats can be reduced by using a narrowband noise rather than a sinusoidal tone for either signal or masker.
Mechanisms of masking.
There are many different mechanisms of masking, one being suppression. This is when there is a reduction of a response to a signal due to the presence of another. This happens because the original neural activity caused by the first signal is reduced by the neural activity of the other sound.
Combination tones are products of a signal and a masker. This happens when the two sounds interact causing new sound, which can be more audible than the original signal. This is caused by the non linear distortion that happens in the ear. For example, the combination tone of two maskers can be a better masker than the two original maskers alone.
The sounds interact in many ways depending on the difference in frequency between the two sounds. The most important two are cubic difference tones and quadratic difference tones.
Cubic difference tones are calculated by the sum
F1 – F2
These are audible most of the time and especially when the level of the original tone is low. Hence they have a greater effect on psychoacoustic tuning curves than quadratic difference tones.
Quadratic difference tones are the result of
F2 – F1
This happens at relatively high levels hence have a lesser effect on psychoacoustic tuning curves.
Combination tones can interact with primary tones resulting in secondary combination tones due to being like their original primary tones in nature, stimulus like. An example of this is
3F1 – 2F2
Secondary combination tones are again similar to the combination tones of the primary tone.
Off frequency listening.
Off frequency listening is when a listener chooses a filter just lower than the signal frequency to improve their auditory performance. This “off frequency” filter reduces the level of the masker more than the signal at the output level of the filter, which means they can hear the signal more clearly hence causing an improvement of auditory performance.

</doc>
<doc id="9736661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736661" title="Trädgårdstvärgränd">
Trädgårdstvärgränd

Trädgårdstvärgränd () "Garden's Cross-Alley") is a small alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching north from Köpmangatan to Trädgårdsgatan, it forms a parallel street to Skeppar Olofs Gränd and Källargränd. It is located just south of Slottsbacken and Bollhustäppan, not far from Stortorget.
The alley is, together with Trädgårdsgatan, named after the vegetable gardens located here during the 16th century and belonging to the properties along the northern side of Köpmangatan and to the Royal Palace. Just like Trägårdsgatan, Trädgårdstvärgränd remained a nameless street for many years, before a man named Hans Helsing in 1456 bought a property in an alley said to be located "on the street running from Merchant's street (Köpmangatan)" ("oppå the gathunne som løper fra køpmanna gatwnne"). In 1488, the alley is named "Swen helsingx grendh" after the magistrate Sven Helsing inhabiting it, and in 1490 it is referred to as "Suen helsingx bryggehus och brun mot twergrenden" ("Sven helsing's brewery and well next cross-alley"). The current names of the two streets seem to have come into use during the 18th century, both appearing on maps dated 1733 and 1780.

</doc>
<doc id="9736691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736691" title="The Hathershaw College">
The Hathershaw College

The Hathershaw College is a coeducational, Secondary Academy for 11 - 16 year olds in Oldham, Greater Manchester, England.
In 2007, OFSTED rated the school as "good".
In 2010, OFSTED described it as "good with outstanding features".
In 2014, the school was judged to be requiring improvement overall.
School history.
As Hathershaw Technical High School, it opened in 1955; it had a selective intake. The school was housed in three blocks (a main building, a science block and a craft/engineering block). The school was sponsored by the aviation manufacturer Avro, and the ground plan of the main building was inspired by the outline of a Lancaster bomber.It competed for intake with Oldham's state grammar schools, but offered a more technical syllabus. Provision of equipment and machinery for metalwork and woodwork was considered to be amongst the finest available nationally.[http://www.keithroyales.net/History_of_Hathershaw.html 
In 1966 the school became a co-educational comprehensive school. In 1970 it was made into an 'upper-school' for pupils in the 14–18 age range, supplied by two separate 'lower-schools', Greenhill and Fitton Hill. The two feeder schools, which were on sites significantly distant from each other and Hathershaw School, educated pupils from 11 to 14 years of age.In the school year 1977–78 the system was reorganized and Hathershaw again catered for the full 11 to 18 age range, with sixth form entry. In the same year the school uniform colours changed from blue/black to maroon/grey, at present they are maroon/black. The loss of selective entry in 1966 and the system of split-site feeder schools led to a period of falling academic attainment.[http://www.keithroyales.net/Ian_Chron.html The trend was reversed after the appointment of John Cole to the headship in 1976. He has been credited as having "transformed Hathershaw School."[http://www.oldham-chronicle.co.uk/news-features/8/news/57942/tributes-to-former-hathershaw-head][http://www.keithroyales.net/History_of_Hathershaw.html]
In 1981, Oldham's first joint school/community sports hall was built. In a 1992 reorganisation, it became an 11-16 school - losing its sixth form to Oldham Sixth Form College. In December 1999 it was recognised by the government as one of the 50 most improved secondary schools in the country. 
In September 2000 the school became a Technology College and in May 2003 was admitted to the Specialist Schools Trust "Value Added" club for significantly improving examination results between Key Stage 2 and Key Stage 4. In November 2004, the school received more than £1 million in lottery funding to improve its sports facilities. Hathershaw became the first dual-specialism school in England, in March 2005, specialising in sport as well as technology. In October 2005, the school opened a £350,000 netball complex.
The OFSTED inspection of November 2007 gave the school an overall rating of "good". In November 2010, the school was re-visited by OFSTED and given the official description 'good with outstanding features'.[http://www.ofsted.gov.uk/inspection-reports/find-inspection-report/provider/ELS/105730/]
In 2012, the College achieved its best GCSE results to date inclusive of Maths and English: with 51% gaining 5 A*-C grades including both English and Maths.[http://www.education.gov.uk/cgi-bin/schools/performance/school.pl?urn=137039&superview=sec]
On 1 August 2011, The Hathershaw College gained academy status.
Headteachers.
Charles Bell 1955–1967 
John Hemmings 1967–1976
John H.S. Cole 1976–1988 (left his post as Oldham's assistant director of education to take on the school's headship) [http://www.oldham-chronicle.co.uk/news-features/8/news/57942/tributes-to-former-hathershaw-head]
Averil Cunnington (temporary appointment) 1988
C. Midgely 1988–1999
C.W. Edney 1999–2003
David Ashley 2003–2005 (left to become Headteacher at Parrs Wood Technology College)
Carol Cawkwell 2005- (change of formal title to Principal).
Staff numbers and pupil to teacher ratio.
Headcount of all teachers - 72
Headcount of all teaching assistants - 37 
Headcount of all support (exc. auxiliary) staff - 26 
Pupil to teacher ratio = 15.5:1 [http://www.education.gov.uk/cgi-bin/schools/performance/school.pl?urn=137039&superview=sec]
Notable former pupils.
JS Raynor (John Stephen Raynor), author - fiction and fictionalised biography.
David Richards, TV director - Emmerdale, Coronation Street, Crocodile Shoes etc.
Colin Waldron, football player - played for Chelsea, Burnley, Manchester United and Sunderland football clubs.
Famous visitors.
In 2001 Coronation Street star Tina O'Brien visited the school.
In November 2006 former Manchester United and Spurs player Garth Crooks visited the school.
In 2010 the Member of Parliament and former Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families, Ed Balls visited the school shortly before the United Kingdom general election, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9736703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736703" title="River Freshney">
River Freshney

The River Freshney is a river in the English county of North East Lincolnshire. The town of Grimsby stands on its banks. It rises from at least four springs on the edge of the Lincolnshire Wolds, although local folklore and oral tradition has it springing from Welbeck Hill. Originally it entered the tidal River Humber at Pyewipe, north west of Grimsby, but has been re-routed and now supplies Grimsby Docks. 
There was an existing haven within the borough of Grimsby but this suffered greatly with silting problems so in 1669 landowners agreed to the diversion of the Freshney through the town to the haven to provide fresh water and improve the flow. It is believed the work was completed in the very early 18th century.
Route.
The river rises from a series of springs. The furthest south rises just to the north of Beelsby, close to the contour. It flows north and is joined by another stream which flows past some earthworks, dating from the English Civil War, before both pass under the A18 Laceby to Barnoldby le Beck road. Team Gate Drain rises just to the west of Waltham and flows to the west. It is joined by the stream from Welbeck Hill, which rises close to the A18 road and the contour. Having combined, they flow northwards, passing under the A46 road and the old course of the road through Laceby, both of which are called Grimsby Road. The river is called Laceby Beck as it flows along the eastern edge of Laceby.
Another stream from Aylesby joins before it passes between some lakes at Laceby Acres. The New Cut Drain runs parallel to the river from here, and they pass under the A1136 road and either side of the Freshney Bog Nature Reserve. Cromwell Road and the railway line to Grimsby cross in quick succession, after which the New Cut Drain follows the original course of the river, while the river turns sharply under the railway line to the docks, and under a series of bridges in Grimsby. These carry Boulevard Avenue, Earl Street and Alexandra Road over the channel. Another sharp turn brings the river into Alexandra Dock. There is a sluice with flap doors on it across the river at this point, and Freshney pumping station assists the discharge when water level prevent gravity discharge. Corporation Bridge is a grade II listed Scherzer rolling lift bridge and carries Corporation Road over the dock. It was designed by Alfred C Gardner, the Docks Engineer for the London and North Eastern Railway, and was installed in 1925 by Sir William Arrol & Co., an engineering company based in Glasgow. It has four cast iron and steel spans, one of which opens, and the structure, which replaced the previous swing bridge, was formally opened by the Prince of Wales on 19 July 1928. After the A180 Westgate road crosses Alexandra Dock, Union Dock connects it to Royal Dock, at the end of which a lock connects it to the Humber.
Hydrology.
Freshney Bog was constructed in 2001 as a washland, which could be used to hold excess water when the channel below it could not cope with the flow in the river. It is a major part of the flood defence system for Grimsby. During the floods of 2007, more than a full month's rainfall fell in 24 hours on the river catchment. Groundwater levels rose by over in the week prior to the floods, and with the ground saturated, the capacity of the river and the New Cut Drain was exceeded. Freshney Bog storage area filled up, but had insufficient capacity for the volume of water, and as a result, flooding occurred, which affected 90 houses. At Laceby Beck gauging station, normal levels of the river vary between , but on 21 June 2007, they reached . Although flooding resulted, the level was well below the maximum recorded level of at this location.

</doc>
<doc id="9736712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736712" title="Vladimir Peniakoff">
Vladimir Peniakoff

Lieutenant-Colonel Vladimir Peniakoff DSO MC (30 March 1897 – 15 May 1951), nicknamed "Popski", was the founder and commanding officer of Popski's Private Army.
Early life.
Vladimir Peniakoff was born in Belgium to Russian parents. In 1914 he studied at St John's College, Cambridge and describes his early education in "Popski's Private Army": "For years I never had less than three tutors who pumped knowledge into my precocious brain". Vladimir initially had conscientious objections to the Great War but by his fourth term at Cambridge he had changed his mind. Unlike many of his peers, he opted to join the French artillery as a private rather than go through the lengthy training that a commission in the British Army entailed. He was injured during his time in the French Army and was invalided out after the armistice.
In 1924 he emigrated to Egypt where he worked as an Engineer for a sugar manufacturer. During this time he learned to sail, fly and navigate vehicles through the desert, becoming a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society. Vladimir Peniakoff was a polyglot who spoke English, Russian, Italian, German, French and Arabic well.
World War II service.
He was commissioned as a second lieutenant on the British Army General List on 4 October 1940, serving in the Libyan Arab Force.
He was awarded the Military Cross on 26 November 1942, and on 26 April 1945 he was appointed a Companion of the Distinguished Service Order (DSO). In 1947 Popski was made a Belgian Officier de l'Ordre de la Couronne avec Palme and awarded the Belgian Croix de Guerre 1940 avec Palme.
Personal life.
In Egypt he married Josephe Ceysens and had two daughters, Olga and Anne, born in 1930 and 1932. After his commission, he divorced Josephe and sent the family to South Africa.
He married Pamela Firth on 2 April 1948 (she went on to marry T. S. Matthews, former editor of "Time" magazine, after Popski's death).
Death.
Within a year after his best-selling book on Popski's Private Army was published he was diagnosed with a fatal brain tumour and died on 15 May 1951. Pamela Matthews died on 5 December 2005 and is buried beside Popski in Wixoe, Suffolk.

</doc>
<doc id="9736714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736714" title="Michigan Brewers Guild">
Michigan Brewers Guild

The Michigan Brewers Guild is a non-profit corporation dedicated to increasing sales of Michigan brewed beer through promotions, marketing, public awareness, and consumer education while monitoring and assuring a healthy beer industry within the state.
The Brewers Guild has three levels of membership - brewery, allied trade, and enthusiast. All levels are renewed annually.
A brewery member can be any company that holds a brewer, microbrewer, or brewpub license issued by the State of Michigan.
An allied trade member can be any company commercially involved in the sale, promotion, or distribution of beer, or in the sale, promotion, production, or distribution of goods or services used by the craft beer industry.
An enthusiast member can be any person who does not qualify as a brewery member or an allied trade member, but wishes to support the Brewers Guild on a personal level. Enthusiast members receive early entry to the Guild's beer festivals, a t-shirt, invitations to VIP brewery tours, and discounts at member breweries. The website also includes information on beer and food pairing, cooking with food, beer styles and ingredients (including locally-sourced hops and barley tied to Michigan's agricultural industry) and beer-cations and brewery tourism options around the state - tied in the Pure Michigan campaign.
Regular updates can be found on the Guild's blog, the MASH, available on their website. Information regularly includes festival beer and brewery lists, local hotel information, ticket outlets, and press releases regarding member breweries. Information about beer and food pairings, beer styles and ingredients (including locally sourced hops and barley) as well as suggested beer-cations and brewery tourism options are also available online.
History.
The Michigan Brewers Guild was founded by representatives from thirty different Michigan brewing operations December 1997 as an organization dedicated to championing the cause of craft brewed beer in the State of Michigan. There are currently 119 member breweries in the Michigan Brewers Guild representing over 90% of the brewing licenses in the state.
Beer Festivals.
The Guild hosts four yearly outdoor beer festivals. The Summer Beer Festival, established 1997, is held in the historic Depot Town neighborhood of Ypsilanti the fourth Saturday (and the Friday before) of July. The Winter Beer Festival, established 2006, is held Grand Rapids the fourth Saturday of February. The UP Fall Beer Festival is held in Marquette the Saturday after Labor Day. And the Detroit Fall Beer Festival is held at Eastern Market in Detroit the fourth Saturday of October. Events typically sell out.
Beginning in 2008, the Brewers Guild set a goal to operate its beer festivals as "Zero-Waste" events. They work closely with local recycling and composting companies to manage the removal of any plastic, aluminum, paper, and food waste to ensure that as much of it is recycled or composted as possible. Their efforts have resulted in less than 10% of the event waste going to landfill (based on weight). This has been achieved by requiring the use of plates and bowls made from sugarcane, cutlery made from potatoes, and "plastic" cups made from corn (PLA) - all of which are compostible! There are also bulk water stations instead of bottled water. So if you attend one of the Guild's festivals, do your part by not bringing any products with you that may not be able to be recycled or composted.

</doc>
<doc id="9736718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736718" title="Ermengarde of Tours">
Ermengarde of Tours

Ermengarde of Tours () (d. 20 March 851) was the daughter of Hugh of Tours, a member of the Etichonen family, which claimed descent from the Merovingian kings. In October 821 in Diedenhofen (Thionville), she married the Carolingian Emperor Lothair I of the Franks (795–855).
In 849, two years before her death, she made a donation to the abbey Erstein in the Elsass, in which she is buried.
Lothair and Ermengarde had nine children:

</doc>
<doc id="9736720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736720" title="Where's My Bytches">
Where's My Bytches

"Where's My Bytches" is the third album from Arabian Prince. When first two albums talked about girls, love and good life then "Where's My Bytches" discussed about life in inner cities and getting hot girls. It was the first album by Arabian Prince which included gangsta rap songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9736729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736729" title="Sentence processing">
Sentence processing

Sentence processing takes place whenever a reader or listener processes a language utterance, either in isolation or in the context of a conversation or a text. 
Many studies of the human language comprehension process have focused on reading of single utterances (sentences) without context. Extensive research has shown, however, that language comprehension is affected also by context preceding a given utterance, as well as many other factors.
Ambiguity and sentence comprehension.
Sentence comprehension has to deal with ambiguity in spoken and written utterances, for example lexical, structural, and semantic ambiguities. Ambiguity is ubiquitous, but people usually resolve it so effortlessly that they don't even notice it. For example, the sentence "Time flies like an arrow" has (at least) the interpretations "Time moves as quickly as an arrow", "A special kind of fly, called time fly, likes arrows" and "Measure the speed of flies like you would measure the speed of an arrow". Usually, readers will be only aware of the first interpretation. 
Instances of ambiguity can be classified as local or global ambiguities. A sentence is globally ambiguous if it has two distinct interpretations. Examples are sentences like "Someone shot the servant of the actress who was on the balcony" (was it the servant or the actress who was on the balcony?) or "The cop chased the criminal with a fast car" (did the cop or the criminal have a fast car?). Comprehenders may have a preferential interpretation for either of these cases, but syntactically and semantically, neither of the possible interpretations can be ruled out.
Local ambiguities persist only for a short amount of time as an utterance is heard or written and are resolved during the course of the utterance, so that the complete utterance has only one interpretation. Examples include sentences like "The critic wrote the book was enlightening", which is ambiguous when "The critic wrote the book" has been encountered, but "was enlightening" remains to be processed. At this point, the sentence could either end, stating that the critic is the author of the book, or it could go on to clarify that the critic wrote something about a book. The ambiguity ends at "was enlightening", which determines that the second alternative is correct.
When readers process a local ambiguity, they settle on one of the possible interpretations immediately, without waiting to hear or read more words that might help decide which interpretation is correct (this behaviour is called "incremental processing"). If they are surprised by the turn the sentence really takes, processing is slowed. This is visible for example in reading times. Locally ambiguous sentences therefore have been used as test cases to investigate the influence of a number of different factors on human sentence processing. If a factor helps readers to avoid difficulty, it is clear that this factor plays a factor in sentence processing.
Language Comprehension Theories.
Experimental research has spawned a large number of hypotheses about the architecture and mechanisms of sentence comprehension. Issues like modularity versus interactive processing and serial versus parallel computation of analyses have been theoretical divides in the field.
Architectural issues.
Modular vs. interactive.
A modular view of sentence processing assumes that each factor involved in sentence processing is computed in its own module, which has limited means of communication with the other modules. For example, syntactic analysis creation takes place without input from semantic analysis or context-dependent information, which are processed separately. A common assumption of modular accounts is a "feed-forward" architecture, in which the output of one processing step is passed on to the next step without feedback mechanisms that would allow the output of the first module to be corrected. Syntactic processing is usually taken to be the most basic analysis step, which feeds into semantic processing and the inclusion of other information. 
Interactive accounts assume that all available information is processed at the same time and can immediately influence the computation of the final analysis.
Serial vs. parallel.
Serial accounts assume that humans construct only one of the possible interpretations at first, and try another only if the first one turns out to be wrong. Parallel accounts assume the construction of multiple interpretations at the same time. To explain why comprehenders are usually only aware of one possible analysis of what they hear, models can assume that all analyses ranked, and the highest-ranking one is entertained.
Models.
There are a number of influential models of human sentence processing that draw on different combinations of architectural choices.
Garden path model.
The garden path model is a serial modular parsing model. It proposes that a single parse is constructed by a syntactic module. Contextual and semantic factors influence processing at a later stage and can induce re-analysis of the syntactic parse. Re-analysis is costly and leads to an observable slowdown in reading. When the parser encounters an ambiguity, it is guided by two principles: late closure and minimal attachment. This type of model has been supported with research on the early left anterior negativity, an event-related potential often elicited as a response to phrase structure violations.
Late closure causes new words or phrases to be attached to the current clause. For example, "John said he would leave yesterday" would be parsed as "John said (he would leave yesterday)", and not as "John said (he would leave) yesterday" (i.e., he spoke yesterday). Minimal attachment is a strategy of parsimony: The parser builds the simplest syntactic structure possible (that is, the one with the fewest phrasal nodes).
Constraint-based model.
Constraint-based theories of language comprehension emphasize how people make use of the vast amount of probabilistic information available in the linguistic signal. Through statistical learning, we pick up on the frequencies and distribution of events in our linguistic environments, which inform language comprehension. As such, language users are said to arrive at a particular interpretation over another during the comprehension of an ambiguous sentence by rapidly integrating these probabilistic constraints.
Methods.
Behavioral tasks.
In behavioral studies, subjects are often presented with linguistic stimuli and asked to perform an action. For example, they may be asked to make a judgment about a word (lexical decision), reproduce the stimulus, or name a visually presented word aloud. Speed (often reaction time: time taken to respond to the stimulus) and accuracy (proportion of correct responses) are commonly employed measures of performance in behavioral tasks. Researchers infer that the nature of the underlying process(es) required by the task gives rise to differences; slower rates and lower accuracy on these tasks are taken as measures of increased difficulty. An important component of any behavioral task is that it stays relatively true to 'normal' language comprehension—the ability to generalize the results of any task is restricted when the task has little in common with how people actually encounter language.
A common behavioral paradigm involves priming effects, wherein participants are presented first with a prime and then with a target word. The response time for the target word is affected by the relationship between the prime and the target. For example, Fischler (1977) investigated word encoding using the lexical decision task. She asked participants to make decisions about whether two strings of letters were English words. Sometimes the strings would be actual English words requiring a "yes" response, and other times they would be nonwords requiring a "no" response. A subset of the licit words were related semantically (e.g., cat-dog) while others were unrelated (e.g., bread-stem). Fischler found that related word pairs were responded to faster when compared to unrelated word pairs, which suggests that semantic relatedness can facilitate word encoding.
Eye-movements.
Eye tracking has been used to study online language processing. This method has been influential in informing knowledge of reading. Additionally, Tanenhaus et al. (1995) established the visual world paradigm, which takes advantage of eye movements to study online spoken language processing. This area of research capitalizes on the linking hypothesis that eye movements are closely linked to the current focus of attention.
Neuroimaging and Evoked Potentials.
The rise of non-invasive techniques provides myriad opportunities for examining the brain bases of language comprehension. Common examples include positron emission tomography (PET), functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), event-related potentials (ERPs) in electroencephalography (EEG) and magnetoencephalography (MEG), and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). These techniques vary in their spatial and temporal resolutions (fMRI has a resolution of a few thousand neurons per pixel, and ERP has millisecond accuracy), and each type of methodology presents a set of advantages and disadvantages for studying a particular problem in language comprehension.
Computational modeling.
Computational modeling is another means by which to explore language comprehension. Models, such as those instantiated in neural networks, are particularly useful because they requires theorists to be explicit in their hypotheses and because they can be used to generate accurate predictions for theoretical models that are so complex that they render discursive analysis unreliable. A classic example of computational modeling in language research is McClelland and Elman's TRACE model of speech perception.

</doc>
<doc id="9736746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736746" title="Peter Navarro">
Peter Navarro

Peter Navarro is a Professor of Economics and Public Policy at the Paul Merage School of Business, University of California, Irvine and holds a Ph.D. in Economics from Harvard University. He received several teaching awards in 2010 for the MBA programs that he teaches.
Bibliography.
Professor Navarro's books include the followings:
Navarro's work has appeared in "Barron’s", "Business Week", "The Los Angeles Times", "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", and the "Harvard Business Review", among other publications.
Navarro has appeared frequently on Bloomberg TV and radio, CNN, NPR, Marketplace, and all three major network news shows. He is a regular contributor to CNBC and has appeared on 60 Minutes. Additionally, he often produces investment videos for thestreet.com.
Navarro has directed and produced a low-budget film based on his book, "Death By China".
Political Life.
Navarro ran for office in San Diego, California, three times. In 1992, he ran for mayor, winning the primary race, but losing to Susan Golding in the runoff. In 1996, he ran for the 49th Congressional District, but lost to Republican Brian Bilbray. In 2001, Navarro ran in a special election to fill the District 6 San Diego city council seat, but lost in the primary.
Personal life.
Navarro is married to architect Leslie Lebon. They reside in Laguna Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9736803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736803" title="Stardust (John Coltrane album)">
Stardust (John Coltrane album)

Stardust is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1963 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7268. It is assembled from unissued results of two separate recording sessions at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack, New Jersey in 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label, Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval. 

</doc>
<doc id="9736812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736812" title="European Parliament election, 1989">
European Parliament election, 1989

The 1989 European Parliamentary Election was a European election held across the 12 European Community member states in June 1989. It was third European election but the first time that Spain and Portugal voted at the same time as the other members (they joined in 1986). Overall turnout dropped to 59%
__TOC__
Results.
The Socialists held their third consecutive victory, rising to 180 seats (166 pre-election), with the People's Party managing to win only 8 extra seats. However, the European Democrats had a massive loss of 32 of the 66 seats, knocking them from third to sixth largest party. The liberals, who had already risen one place with the byelections in Spain and Portugal earlier, gained an extra seat, holding their new-found third place with both the Rainbow and Communist groups splitting post-election.
Seat changes.
These were the first elections Portugal and Spain took part in with the other states. Spain was allocated 60 seats and Portugal was allocated 24; the number of seats for the other states remained the same, raising the total number of seats from 434 to 518.

</doc>
<doc id="9736819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736819" title="Bay of Islands (disambiguation)">
Bay of Islands (disambiguation)

The Bay of Islands is an area in New Zealand, and:
Bay of Islands may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9736823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736823" title="Rent (song)">
Rent (song)

"Rent" is a 1987 single by the Pet Shop Boys. It was released in the UK by Parlophone on 12 October 1987. 
Song information.
The lyrics are commonly thought to deal with a financially one-sided relationship, i.e. that of a kept man, the title implying more specifically the lot of a rent boy. Neil Tennant, however, stated in the "Actually: Further Listening" liner notes:
"I've always imagined it's about a kept woman, and I always imagined it set in America. I vaguely thought of one of the Kennedys, for some reason, and imagined that this politician keeps this woman in a smart flat in Manhattan, and he's still got this family, and the two of them have some of relationship and they do love each other but it's all kind of secret..."
It peaked at number 8 in the British charts. Producer Stephen Hague remixed the song for single release.
Video.
The video for the song was directed by Derek Jarman. It features two intercut storylines. One, filmed in black and white, shows Chris Lowe arriving at King's Cross station by train and walking past various low-life characters. The other, filmed in colour, features Margi Clarke as the partner of a wealthy man (played by Alexander Thynn, 7th Marquess of Bath), who is hosting a dinner party. The lyrics are sung by Tennant, who plays her chauffeur. The woman becomes annoyed when the man pays her no attention. She then gets Tennant to drive her to King's Cross. There, she meets Chris Lowe on the platform and they embrace.

</doc>
<doc id="9736828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736828" title="Come Undone (album)">
Come Undone (album)

Come Undone is an album by the band Jackson Waters.

</doc>
<doc id="9736831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736831" title="Estonian Aviation Academy">
Estonian Aviation Academy

The Estonian Aviation Academy () ("Tartu Aviation College" before 1996) is a state-owned professional higher education institution providing aviation diplomas and training of aviation specialists in Estonia. It's situated beside the Tartu Airport in Reola, south of Tartu. The studies are conducted in accordance with the standard curricula meeting the requirements of the Ministry of Education and Research of the Republic of Estonia, the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), the Joint Aviation Authorities (JAA), European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) and Eurocontrol. The current rector of the EAVA is Jaan Tamm.
Mission.
The mission of EAVA is to provide contemporary, high-quality and efficient aviation education for the specialists needed in Estonia, to carry out applied research in the field of aviation, to promote international co-operation, research and development in conformity with international aviation standards.
Learning environment.
EAVA's main building is situated beside the Tartu Airport in Reola, 8 km south of Tartu. The building was completed in 2011. Before that the academy used mainly the buildings of the airport and the University of Life Sciences in Tähtvere.
Co-operation partners in Estonia.
To ensure high quality in preparing specialists for Estonian aviation and, also, to help the lecturers and staff keep up with the latest developments in aviation and aviation education in the whole world, Estonian Aviation Academy has developed close co-operation links with aviation enterprises and higher educational institutions in Estonia and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9736839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736839" title="Pat Harte">
Pat Harte

Pat Harte is an Irish Gaelic football player for Mayo and plays his club football for Ballina. He is a midfielder. Harte's recent successes include reaching the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship 2006 final, although Kerry beat Mayo 4-15 to 3-5.

</doc>
<doc id="9736843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736843" title="1972–73 British Home Championship">
1972–73 British Home Championship

The 1972–73 British Home Championship international Home Nations football tournament was, like its predecessor in 1972, a victim of The Troubles in Northern Ireland which had erupted following Bloody Sunday the previous year. As with the previous year in the rugby union 1972 Five Nations Championship, threats were made by Republican activists against visiting British teams, which in this year meant England and Wales. To prevent violence but keep the tournament running, Northern Ireland's "home" games were transferred to Goodison Park, the home of Everton F.C. in Liverpool in England. This step meant that Ireland played just a short ferry ride from Belfast (where the match was originally scheduled) in a city with a substantial Irish population, but where the police were able to exercise a greater measure of control over who was able to attend.
The shift to England did not substantially hinder the Irish, who claimed a rare and respectable second place behind England, who achieved yet another whitewash of their near neighbours. Beating the Irish in Liverpool to match Scotland's win over Wales, England then inflicted defeat on the same team at Wembley, whilst the Irish recovered from their first game to beat the Scots in Scotland. In the final two games, Northern Ireland beat Wales, setting up a close encounter in the final game, in which the winner would take the tournament but a draw would benefit the Irish. The game was a close encounter, made more interesting by an English 5–0 thrashing of Scotland two months earlier in a testimonial match celebrating one hundred years of international football. England however, eventually triumphed by a single goal from Martin Peters, winning the trophy for another year.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9736866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736866" title="The Snow Queen (TV series)">
The Snow Queen (TV series)

The Snow Queen () is a South Korean television series starring Hyun Bin and Sung Yu-ri. It aired on KBS2 from November 13, 2006 to January 8, 2007 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes. 
Synopsis.
The drama starts with Han Tae-woong (Hyun Bin), a quiet, 17 yr-old math genius, entering a prestigious high school. There he meets Kim Jung-kyu, also a genius in mathematics. The two immediately develop rivalry and tension, but later become best friends. Through their conversations, we learn that Jung-kyu is a big boxing enthusiast. Meanwhile, Tae-woong stumbles upon a little girl being bullied in the street and saves her. The girl develops a crush on him and gives him her pager so that she can see him again, but they never exchange names or contacts. They promise to meet again soon, but this never happens.
In a highly anticipated International Math Olympiad, Jung-kyu fails to fulfill his father's expectations, and commits suicide in shame. Tae-woong, who wins the gold medal, struggles from guilt, as he feels like he is partly responsible for Jung-kyu's death. From guilt, Tae-woong quits school, leaves home, and disappears.
Eight years later, Tae-woong, now 25, is a nameless boxer, living a completely different life. He abandoned mathematics and pursued boxing in honor of Jung-kyu, but he still bears painful memories of his past. He then meets Bo-ra (Sung Yu-ri), a beautiful, but cold-hearted young woman. She is the daughter of a rich businessman, but has an incurable disease. After a chain of events, Tae-woong is hired as her chauffeur. They end up falling in love, but Tae-woong discovers that she was the little girl that he met eight years earlier, and that she is Jung-kyu's little sister. Throughout the story the two learn to find true happiness by helping each other. Tae-woong melts Bo-ra's heart with love and helps her open up her heart. In return Bo-ra helps Tae-woong with his painful memories of the past.
International broadcast.
It aired in Japan on TV Tokyo beginning May 10, 2007. It was rebroadcast in March 2014 on Japanese cable channel LaLaTV.
Remake.
An Indonesian remake was titled "Ratu".

</doc>
<doc id="9736870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736870" title="BIAS">
BIAS

BIAS (originally known as Berkley Integrated Audio Software) was a privately held corporation based in Petaluma, California. It ceased all business operations as of June, 2012.
History.
Composer/software engineer Steve Berkley initially created Peak for editing the samples used in his musical compositions. Peak started out as a utility for transferring content ("samples") from a hardware sampler to a Macintosh computer, editing the samples, and returning them to the sampler for playback/performance. The utility evolved into a commercial sample editing application, “Peak”. BIAS Inc. was founded in 1994 in Sausalito, California, by Steve and Christine Berkley.
Products.
Peak is a stereo sample editor – and was BIAS’ flagship product. SoundSoap is a noise reduction/audio restoration plug-in and stand-alone application. SoundSoap is designed to remove unwanted clicks, crackles, pops, hum, rumble, and broadband noise (such as tape hiss and HVAC system noise). SoundSoap Pro is a noise reduction/audio restoration plug-in. It is based on the same technology as SoundSoap, but offers a more advanced user interface, with the ability to access and fine-tune many parameters not available in the standard version. In addition to removing clicks, crackles, pops, hum, rumble, and broadband noise (such as tape hiss and HVAC system noise), SoundSoap Pro also features an integrated noise gate. The Master Perfection suite has six processing plug-ins with features for mastering, sound design, and general audio processing.
Deck is a simple multitrack DAW (digital audio workstation) designed for working with digital audio. While Deck offers limited MIDI features – such as MIDI control of the integrated transport and mixing console, and the ability to import and play back a MIDI file in sync with digital audio – it is not a MIDI sequencing application. Deck specializes in recording analog audio sources, such as musical instruments and microphones – as well as in multimedia and post-production, where its QuickTime foundation allows it to synchronize with digital video and QuickTime movies for mono, stereo, and 5.1 surround sound mixing. Two editions were offered: “Deck” – a professional DAW, and “Deck LE” – a limited feature, entry level DAW – both run on Mac OS 8.6, Mac OS 9, and Mac OS X computer systems.
Product timeline.
1/96 – Peak 1.0 debuts at NAMM Show in Anaheim, CA.
11/96 – BIAS Introduces Peak LE – entry level stereo editor
1/97 – SFX Machine 1.0 multi-effects plug-in introduced
9/98 – BIAS acquires Deck DAW from Macromedia
12/98 – Peak 2.0 introduced – adds DAE, TDM, AudioSuite, QuickTime movie, Premiere plug-in support, and CD burning
8/99 – BIAS Brings Peak to BeOS
1/00 – Peak 2.1 adds ASIO driver support – expands compatibility with third-party audio hardware
9/00 – Peak 2.5 introduced – adds VST plug-in support
1/01 – Deck 2.7 adds ASIO driver support – expands compatibility with third-party audio hardware
1/01 – BIAS introduces Deck LE – entry level DAW
7/01 – BIAS introduces Deck 3.0 – adds real-time VST plug-in support 
8/01 – Vbox 1.0 effect plug-in routing matrix introduced
11/01 – Peak DV 3.0 introduced – first pro audio application for Mac OS X
1/02 – Peak and Peak LE 3.0 introduced – run on Mac OS 8.6, 9.x, X
1/02 – BIAS introduces SuperFreq paragraphic equalizer plug-in for Mac OS 8.6, 9.x, X
6/02 – BIAS introduces Deck 3.5 – the first professional DAW to run on Mac OS X adds 5.1 surround mixing 
7/02 – Entire BIAS product line now runs on Mac OS X
8/02 – BIAS introduces Vbox 1.1 – runs on Mac OS X and Windows operating systems
12/02 – BIAS introduces SoundSoap – runs on Mac OS X and Windows XP operating systems
8/03 – Peak 4.0 introduced – adds direct CD burning, Audio Unit support, sample-based ImpulseVerb, and Sqweez compressor plug-in
5/04 – SoundSoap Pro introduced – runs on Mac OS X and Windows XP
10/04 – SoundSoap 2 introduced – adds Click & Crackle removal, audio enhancement, and Audio Unit/RTAS/DirectX formats, drag and drop file support
8/05 – BIAS introduces Peak Pro 5 – adds industry-leading sample rate conversion and graphical waveform view to playlist, DDP export capability
9/05 – BIAS introduces Peak Pro XT & Peak LE 5 – XT power bundle includes Peak Pro 5, SoundSoap 2, SoundSoap Pro, and Master Perfection Suite plug-ins
6/06 – Peak 5.2 introduced – Universal version runs natively on PPC and Intel-based Macintosh computers
11/06 – SoundSoap 2.1 introduced – Universal version runs natively on PPC and Intel-based Macintosh computers
June 2012 – BIAS Inc. announces that it ceases all operations.

</doc>
<doc id="9736871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736871" title="Gold thread (disambiguation)">
Gold thread (disambiguation)

Gold thread may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9736900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736900" title="History of the Jews in Aden">
History of the Jews in Aden

The Jews of Aden are those Jews who were born in, or whose recent ancestors lived, in Aden, on the southern tip of the Arabian peninsula, bordering in Hadramaut—akin to Biblical Chatzar-Mavet. Aden is a seaport on the Red Sea, previously belonging to Great Britain. The Jews here must have been among the earliest settlers. Some five hundred years ago, the great Rabbi Obadiah of Bartinuro wrote that there had come to Jerusalem "Jews from the land of Eden . . . They are not much acquainted with the Talmud, but only with Rabbi Alfasi and Rabbi Moshe ben Maimon". Virtually the entire population emigrated from Aden between June 1947 and September 1967. Most now live in Israel, with some others in the United Kingdom, and fewer elsewhere. 
History.
The "Cairo Genizah" (discovered in 1896) contains amazing letters from this period of the sages which reveal connections between these two communities. Some of the letters were sent by the heads of rabbinical academies to the Adeni and other communities seeking financial support for their institutions.
Digs at Bet She'arim in Israel provide proof that Jews were settled in Aden and "Yemen" during the mishnaic period (2nd and 3rd centuries CE). A hall was discovered there containing tombs of the Jews from Yemen. These Jews had been brought from Himyar for burial in the holy land.
Tombstones were also found in Jewish cemeteries in Aden, dating as far back as the 12th century.
In the 10th century relations between the Jews of Yemen-Aden and of Babylonia became closer as evidenced by the formers adoption of upper pointing, (sometimes called Babylonian pointing, in which the vocal marks are placed above instead of below the line as is the case today.) Although this did not last long they retained this practice even after books began to be printed.
Adeni Jewry possessed Saadia Gaon's translations into Arabic of the torah and the five megilloth. The prayers and liturgies composed by the Babylonian sages, such as the "Hosha'not" for Sukkoth, which is contained in Saadia Gaon's prayer book, were adopted by the Aden Jews and have been retained by them ever since.
In one of the cairo documents there appear instructions from Madmon Ben Yafter Ben Bendar, the ruler of Yemen and himself from Aden, to Halfon Ben Nethaniel Halevi from Fustat in Egypt, which indicates that already in the 10th century there was a small Jewish settlement in Aden.
From 1083-1173 Aden was ruled by an Arab dynasty called the Zura'ites. From this time onwards Aden served as an important community centre and became crucial as a port from the commercial sea lanes between the Mediterranean sea, India and further into the far east. The Jews became heavily involved in international trade and as a result they were able to support generously the yeshivoth of Babylonia, Egypt and the Land of Israel.
From the 10th to the 13th centuriesm Aden was the centre of Yemeni Jewish life. The "Yemeni governors" or the "ministers of the communities" sat in Aden and from there led the entire community. Their influence spread as far as Persia and Babylonia and throughout the Arabian Peninsula as far as the Hijaz in the north and Hadramout in the east.
For hundreds of years, until 1947 the 8,550-strong Jewish community in Aden, despite some underlying resentment from the Arabs, lived in relative tranquility.
Synagogues of Aden.
Before the last World War there were seven "synagogues" in Aden, and the Jewish population numbered several thousand.
In 1858 the "Grand synagogue of Aden" called the "Shield of Avraham" or "al-Milama'l-kabira" was built. It was large enough to house over 2000 worshippers.
A yeshiva called "Torah ve Hamitzvah" was also built next to the synagogue. The "shulchan Aruch", zohar, "tikkun Hatzot", psalms, "the law of Israel" and "Ein Ya'akov" (composed by Ya'akov Havib) was studied at the yeshiva.
While the great synagogue was the hub of the Jewish community, several smaller synagogues also existed. Most notable among these were the al-Farhi synagogue, which house the highly venerated "Al-farhi" torah scroll and the synagogue of "Shemuel Nissim" which served as the Talmud Torah for boys until the early 1940s.
Another Synagogue was referred to as "Mi'lamat Hanokh". It was established in Aden by a man named Moshe Hanokh Halevi. He had emigrated to Aden and made his livelihood by the importation of sacred books from Europe.
On the eve of rosh Hashanah in 1924 a new synagogue named "Sukkat Shalom", popularly known as "Mialamat Silim", was inaugurated and celebrations continued into the night.
Writings.
There never was a Hebrew printing press in Yemen, with the exception of Aden, and all the thousands of holy books used by the Jews there were handwritten.
The main Adeni synagogue in London was given the same name as the book "Nahalat Yosef. (1906) This book was written by Rabbi Shmuel Ben Yosef, grandson of the third dayan of the Aden rabbinical court Mori Yeshu'ah. This book covers all the religious practices of the Aden Jewish Community since the conclusions of the Jerusalem Talmud in the 5th Century CE.
"Midrash ha-Gadol" written by David bar Amram al-Adani in 13th century is a compilation of aggadic midrashim on the Pentateuch taken from the two Talmuds and earlier Midrashim. In addition, it borrows quotations from the Targums and Kabbalistic writings, and in this aspect is unique among the various midrashic collections.
Under the British Protectorate.
The British Empire began to expand into the Middle East during the mid-19th century, and the Jews of Aden fared considerably better under the Aden Protectorate than under Muslim rule, which attracted Jewish immigrants from the rest of Yemen. After 1838, there were roughly 5,000 Jews in the city of Aden itself, and some 2,000 in the rest of what would become the Aden protectorate.
Emigration in the 20th century.
In 1928, the Immigration Department of the Jewish Agency in Palestine established an office in Aden. 
Anti-Jewish riots in Aden.
In May 1932, a riot began when Muslims accused Jews of throwing excrement into a mosque courtyard. Sixty persons, including 25 Jews, were injured but there were no fatalities. The Farhi synagogue was desecrated.
Much more serious events occurred in December 1947, in the wake of the United Nations' decision to partition Palestine. On December 2, a three-day strike was called to protest the decision. Demonstrations led to stone and bottle throwing between Jews and Muslims in the Jewish quarter of Aden. Jewish houses and shops were looted, and military control was declared when the crisis exceeded the capacity of the small police force. The main military force available was the 1,800 strong Aden Protectorate Levies who were locally recruited soldiers with British and Arab officers. Assistance was also received from several British warships, which sent landing parties, and the equivalent of two companies of British infantry flown in from the Canal Zone. Quiet was not restored until the 6th of December.
The main violence occurred in three locations. In Aden town (also called Crater), an attempt to impose a curfew was largely unsuccessful. Jewish schools and houses were looted and set alight. On the second day rifle fire began. The Levies proved unreliable and worse; some fired indiscriminately and probably contributed to the casualties. In the port towns of Steamer Point and Tawahi, most of the Jews were evacuated but some whose presence was not known to the police were killed. Several Arabs who were apparently innocent were shot accidentally. In the Arab town of Sheikh Othman, which had a large Jewish compound, a military contingent arrived to evacuate the 750 Jews to safety. However, several declined to leave and were later found dead.
The official casualty count was 76–82 Jews (6 persons were unidentified) and 38 Arabs killed, and 76 Jews wounded. At least 87 Arabs were known to have been wounded but many others failed to report their condition. The dead included one Indian Medical Officer and one Levy. More than 100 Jewish shops were looted and 30 houses burned. An official enquiry conducted by Sir Harry Trusted determined that many individual Levies were sympathetic to the rioters and did not act to control them. Nine Levies were imprisoned for looting. Trusted put most of the blame on Yemeni "coolies", workers temporarily in the country who "have a low standard of life, are illiterate, fanatical and, when excited, may be savage." He did not find claims of Jewish sniping to be convincing, though the Governor Reginald Champion secretly reported to the British government that the two military fatalities were killed "almost certainly by Jewish sniper". Jewish leaders acknowledged "many instances of Arabs and Indians sheltering and otherwise befriending their Jewish neighbours." The British government was severely embarrassed by the riots, noting privately that they were urging the Arab states to protect their Jews when they themselves were unable to.

</doc>
<doc id="9736903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736903" title="Bay Roberts">
Bay Roberts

Bay Roberts (2011 Population 5,818; UA population 10,871; Census Agglomeration 10,871) is located on the north shore of Conception Bay on the Bay de Verde Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. The growth of the local economy can be connected to the town’s proximity to other major Newfoundland markets, by road and by water.
60th Anniversary of Incorporation in 2011.
In 2011, Bay Roberts celebrated the 60th anniversary of its incorporation. On February 24, 1951, the town, which is an amalgamation of five smaller communities: Bay Roberts East, Bay Roberts, Coley’s Point, Shearstown / Butlerville, and Country Road, officially became an incorporated municipality. The town of Bay Roberts has matured from its humble beginning as a fishing settlement to one of the most prosperous towns in the province. While the town flourished as a commercial centre during the early part of the 1900s, it was after incorporation in 1951, that it firmly established itself as a major service hub for the Avalon Peninsula. Robert J. Mercer was the town’s first mayor in 1951 and Fred Winsor became deputy mayor. Others elected included: Eric Dawe of Avalon Coal Salt & Oil Ltd; Alton Churchill of Churchill’s Building Supplies; John North, an early volunteer fireman with the town and later owner of a popular outdoor skating rink on Central Street; Victor Sparkes, Principal of St. Mark’s School; Eric Marshall (Marshall’s Hardware and later Marshall’s Restaurant); Magistrate William E. Mercer, and Ray Cave, Cave’s Barber Shop.
By the early 1960s, Bay Roberts had experienced a diversification in its economy with the establishment of dozens of successful, commercial establishments, thus allowing the town to free itself, somewhat, from dependency on the uncertain fishing industry. In 1965, after agreement though a circulated petition, the areas of Bay Roberts East, Coley’s Point, Country Road, and Shearstown became part of the town; and finally, in 1990, the final parts of Butlerville and Birch Hills joined. The town is an early example in the province of a number of smaller communities joining together to work successfully for the good of all.
Eric Dawe of Avalon Coal Salt & Oil Ltd is only surviving member of the original town council and can be affectionately referred to by residents as the Only Living Father of the town’s incorporation. He was Special Patron of the town’s Winter Carnival in 2011.
Location.
The town is connected by Veterans' Memorial Highway to Route 1 (the Trans-Canada Highway) leading to all points in the province. St. John's, the capital city, is only 90 km away. Argentia, the eastern terminal for Marine Atlantic's Gulf Ferry Service is only 70 km away. Local businesses have easy access to more than half of the province’s population. As a result, the town is a center for major transportation and distribution, providing services for the Avalon Peninsula and surrounding areas. With 5,818 people, it is one of the larger towns in Newfoundland, and the largest on the Baccalieu Trail. The town has a provincially recognized museum called the "Road to Yesterday," and the "Shoreline Heritage Walk" has been developed. The Shoreline Heritage Walk is a 4 km walking trail which passes through Juggler's Cove and French's Cove in Bay Roberts East and celebrates the early history of the town.
Major awards in 2009-2011.
Bay Roberts won the Newfoundland and Labrador 2011 Tidy Towns Award in the 4001 - 8000 population category 
For Winter Lights Celebrations, the town won the National WinterLights Celebration Mentoring Award and Circle of Excellence 5 Star Award for Residential Lighting. During the summer, it won the 2009 Tidy Towns Award – Population category of over 3500 and the 2009 Torngat Municipal Achievement Award in the category of Environmental Sustainability with the Town of Spaniard’s Bay – won for their joint efforts on the Shearstown Estuary. In the summer of 2010, Bay Roberts was one of 10 towns on the 2010 Kraft Celebration Tour. In 2011, Ron Delaney of the Town of Bay Roberts won the 2010 Cyril Hoskins Memorial Award for recreation practitioners from Recreation NL. In 2012 Bay Roberts was featured as a top place to visit in the world 
Cultural activities.
The Cable Building is both a Provincial Heritage Structure and a National Historic Site. The Building has been restored and contains the award winning Road to Yesterday Museum and the Christopher Pratt Art Gallery. The town has one of the finest town museums in the province. Hilary Cass, a respected visual artist, was a consultant on the design and layout. The Christopher Pratt Art Gallery is acclimatized and is designed to display a permanent collection of art work, including works by Christopher Pratt. In addition, it hosts the works of well known local artists and visiting art collections.
The town has two summer theatre productions. “A Time in Pigeon Inlet” is in its 4th season. The production features musician and storyteller, Kelly Russell (recognized by the provincial government as Newfoundland and Labrador’s first tradition bearer in 2009). “A Time in Pigeon Inlet” is based on stories written and performed on CBC radio by Kelly's father Ted Russell. In 2011, Ted Russell was recognized as a "Person of Provincial Significance by the Provincial Historic Commemorations Program. 
In July and August 2010, Victoria LOL #3 Museum and Playhouse featured a production of “Saltwater Moon” by award winning Canadian playwright David French (who was born on Coley’s Point.) Last summer, they produced his play “Soldier’s Heart.” 
History.
European fishermen were visiting Bay Roberts as early as the 16th century. Fishermen from Brittany and Normandy in what is today France fished the waters off the coast of Bay Roberts in the early 16th century and named the harbour "Baie de Robert." They established onshore fishing rooms where they dried and salted codfish. The French fishermen came to the area because of its large harbour, and flat rock beaches which they used for curing fish.
Most likely they started building fishing rooms near the end of Bay Roberts harbour in Bay Roberts East in such areas as Juggler's Cove. Then they moved to French's Cove and later to Mercer's Cove. Evidence of these European people can be found in community place names such as Priaulx Hill and in nearby names such as Spaniard's Bay and Port de Grave.
Settlers in Juggler's Cove and French's Cove.
By the late 16th century, Bay Roberts had become part of the English Shore. Some French, Spanish and Portuguese fishermen still visited the area but they were out numbered by fishermen from the English West Country. Over time, some of these West Country fishermen began to settle in the area. Seary’s book "Family Names of the Island of Newfoundland" states that the families with the surname "French" arrived as long ago as 1634 and the "Earles" and the "Badcocks" arrived in the 1660s. In the 1675 census, Bay Roberts is called "Bay of Roberts."
The Berry census of Newfoundland records only two planters in Bay Roberts. One was Anthony Varder who lived there with his wife and four children. The other one was a widow named Jane Clay. The 1677 census says between them they employed 19 servants, owned six boats and kept 34 cattle, 22 sheep and 13 hogs. Families such as the "Parsons", "Mercers" and "Bishops" arrived later. Settlers from the Channel Islands arrived in the 18th century.
Artifacts on land and in the harbour.
These early settlers left behind archaeological evidence of their way of life. Clay pipes and other artifacts have been found in places such as Mercer's Cove. At least one ship was lost in Bay Roberts Harbour during the 17th century. A large number of ceramic vessels which came from a 17th-century shipwreck have been recovered from the harbour. Many of these are complete or almost complete. They include storage jars from the West Country of England and olive jars from Spain and Portugal.
French attacks.
Like many settlements in Conception Bay, Bay Roberts was destroyed by the French during King William's War (1689–1697). When the French arrived in 1697, Abbé Baudoin, a priest who accompanied Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville on his raids, maintained a journal. He called the town "Baye Robert." He says that d’Iberville captured 10 servants, 3 planters and 3 boats there and took 1500 codfish. These numbers may not have represented the entire population. By the time Abbé Baudoin and Pierre d'Iberville arrived, many of the people who lived in Bay Roberts had probably escaped into the woods or to Carbonear Island because they had been warned that the French were coming.
Fortunately, the effects of the French attacks did not last long, and Bay Roberts was built again. It became an important base for the Labrador fishery and the seal hunt.
Early town development.
Business development began with Robert Pack, founder of the firm of "Pack, Gosse, and Fryer".
The appointment of Robert Badcock as constable on September 25, 1730 began the rule of law for the Bay Roberts area. Stocks and a jailhouse were constructed for the punishment of criminal offenders. The construction of a one-room school also took place with one male teacher in charge.
In 1791, there were 30 members of the Wesleyan Church in Bay Roberts under the charge of George Vey. The Church of England was also active, since first St. Matthew's Church started in 1824 and was consecrated in 1827 to replace an earlier Church in Mercer's Cove. The first Society for the Propagation of the Gospel missionary in charge of the Bay Roberts mission was Rev. Oswald Howell in 1837.
The Newfoundland School Society (later known as the Newfoundland and British North American School Society and the Colonial and Continental Society) established a school in Bay Roberts in 1829 under Mr. and Mrs. Lind. The first president of the Newfoundland Teachers' Association, formed in 1890, was James Bancroft, who was teaching in Bay Roberts. He was instrumental in forming the Association. St. Mark's Anglican School in Shearstown dates back to 1867. (The original building has been incorporated into the present school, making it the oldest school in the district. Sadly, the old building was destroyed by fire in 2002.)
By the 20th century, Bay Roberts was regarded as a wholesale and distribution centre for Conception Bay and Trinity Bay, and major businesses included cooperage (barrel making) and shipbuilding. William Dawe was the best-known cooper, having produced 7800 butter tubs in one year. J. Bowering was a renowned shipbuilder, who produced 50 ships a year for merchants and the Hudson's Bay Company for use in the fishing and sealing industries. However, the economy depended to a large extent on the fishing industry, as merchants owned between 60 and 70 ships which were used by the local fishermen.
In 1911, it had an Anglo-American Express office, postal telegraph office, ten stores, one hotel, three churches and one weekly newspaper.
The first combined passenger and mail flight in Newfoundland, made by Major F. S. Cotton on February 24, 1922 was between St. John's and Harbour Grace. Before reaching Harbour Grace, the plane touched down at Clarke's Beach and Bay Roberts in Bay Roberts East.
At the start of the 20th century, French's Cove in Bay Roberts East was a bustling fishing community. Today a photo would hardly leave any evidence that anyone ever lived there. However, the remains of root cellars and rock walls are in fairly good shape and have been reconstructed as part of the development of the Bay Roberts Heritage Trail.
The Klondyke Causeway.
The Klondyke, a causeway that connects Coley's Point and Bay Roberts, was once considered to be a "gold mine" to local families that were paid to complete it in 1897. Before the construction of the Klondyke, passengers and freight were ferried from Water Street in Bay Roberts to Coley's Point. During a public meeting in 1897, residents decided to build the causeway. Construction began in the winter months. Rock and gravel were carried to the site in hand-barrels, by horse and sled, and by hand. Men cut a channel through the ice and dumped the rock into the open water. When the Labrador fishery failed in 1897 and many families faced severe hardship, the government agreed to pay the men, women and children who worked on the construction of the causeway $1 a week to finish the work. Their wage was enough to buy one barrel of flour or one keg of molasses - a welcome relief for people facing a winter of hunger. One store owner in the area (reportedly Mrs. Bursell) compared the project to the Klondike Gold Rush and, as a result, the causeway got its name - The Klondyke. (with a different spelling)
Since 1996, Bay Roberts has celebrated the construction of the Klondyke and the unique bond between the two communities in the annual Klondyke Days festivities.
The Bay Roberts Guardian (weekly newspaper) 1909-1949.
The founder of the "Guardian" was the late Charles Edward Russell, who was born at Bay Roberts in 1877. In 1909, he bought a small printing plant from Harris and Wesley Mosdell who for a number of years published a weekly newspaper called "The Bay Roberts Outlook". On 9 July 1909, the first issue of the Guardian rolled off the man-power-driven press. (Incidentally, part of this printing equipment was acquired from the late (Magistrate) Jabez P. Thompson, who printed a newspaper called "The Vindicator" at Brigus, around the start of the 20th century.) Just after the founding of "The Guardian" in Bay Roberts, the Western Union Cable Company of New York became interested in acquiring a site in Conception Bay for their Atlantic Cable Relay Station. The "Guardian" was instrumental in persuading the promoters into selecting Bay Roberts as their site.
The" Guardian" also played a very conspicuous part in reporting events of the two world wars, chiefly the events pertaining to the many local volunteers in the various services. Many headlines read: "Killed in Action", "Died of Wounds", "Missing in Action at Sea", and so on. Also on the lighter side were the reports of receptions on the occasion of homecomings and letters to loved ones at home, and the happy news of the Armistices.
Other events that made interesting headlines were: "The Loss of the Swallow" which was the story of the Coley's Point fishing vessel, The Swallow, owned and mastered by John Bowering and his crew, all from Coley's Point, who were driven to sea in the Atlantic during a hurricane in September, 1915. After many days adrift, they were rescued from their sinking vessel by a passing ocean liner and brought to England, and after being given up for lost, they arrived home on Christmas Eve that same year.
The Western Union Cable Station.
The Western Union Cable Company brought the outside world to Bay Roberts in 1910. Eventually, ten trans-Atlantic cables were landed there—among them the fastest in the world at that time. Hundreds of employees, both local and worldwide, passed through the doors of the Bay Roberts station. The brick building was erected as a relay station on the connection from England to North and South America. During two world wars, it necessitated a company of army personnel to guard the property from possible enemy action. Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt had a private line on the link through Bay Roberts station.
The Cable Building in Bay Roberts was designated a National Historic Site in 2008, having already been recognized as a Provincial Registered Heritage Structure. Eric Jerrett of the Bay Roberts Heritage Society reflected the feelings of the town when he expressed his pride in the work the Heritage Society has done to preserve and restore the building. Today, the building is a centre of activity. It houses the "Road to Yesterday Museum," the Christopher Pratt Art Gallery, the Bay Roberts Archives, and the Bay Roberts municipal offices, and the Bay Roberts Council Chambers. In front of the building is a concourse which marks the site of the cable landing.
Incorporation.
The Town of Bay Roberts was incorporated in 1951 after Premier Joseph Smallwood suggested that if the town had its own council, it could take care of paving its own roads. In the time since its incorporation, Bay Roberts has seen many changes. The number of services has greatly increased from two main businesses to a town whose economy depends upon its service industry. Bay Roberts has become a main business centre for a large part of Trinity and Conception Bays. Vast improvements have also been made in the area of recreation with the modernization of the swimming pool and the development of the ball fields and tennis courts. It had a population of 2,226 in 1911 and 4,072 in 1976.
Famous citizens.
Rev. R. T. Lowell, who served in the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel missionary in the period 1843-1847, was an American and a brother of the poet James Russell Lowell. Rev. Lowell, the son of a Unitarian clergyman, was born in Boston, graduated from Harvard University, and was ordained a priest of the Episcopal (Anglican) Church in 1843, the same year in which he started his ministry here. He is the author of the book, "New Priest in Conception Bay", the setting for which is the village of Peterport, the fictional name by which he referred to Bay Roberts.
The first Newfoundlander to enlist in the Royal Newfoundland Regiment was L. T. Stick on September 18, 1914. Stick, who resided in Bay Roberts, later became the first Member of the Canadian Parliament for the district of Bonavista-Trinity Conception.
Ted Russell was born in Coley's Point. He wrote about the Newfoundland experience as he saw it. He is recognized as one of the first and foremost writers to use Newfoundland outport settings and characters as personifications of themes which, while appearing to be local, are actually universal in their scope and appeal.
Award-winning Canadian playwright David French, author of "Saltwater Moon", "Leaving Home", and "Of the Fields Lately", was also born at Coley's Point. He has been Writer in Residence at the University of Western Ontario.
Myra Louise Taylor, nurse when in 1914 she volunteered her services and was placed in charge of caring for the survivors of the SS Newfoundland sealing disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="9736907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736907" title="Black Eyed Boy">
Black Eyed Boy

Black Eyed Boy is the third single from Scottish rock band Texas's album White on Blonde. The song was released on 28 July 1997 and reached #5 on the Official UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="9736922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736922" title="European Parliament election, 1987">
European Parliament election, 1987

European Parliament election, 1987 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9736936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736936" title="Radium Girl">
Radium Girl

The Radium Girl is a stage illusion of the classic type involving a female assistant in a large box and is probably best categorised as a penetration or restoration-type illusion. Its origins and history are much less well documented than those of many other "big box" illusions but some sources indicate it might be one of the earliest examples of that type of trick. References and picture captions indicate it was the creation of British magician and designer Val Walker.
Description.
The magician recruits several volunteers from the audience. A female assistant is then introduced and one or more of the volunteers are invited to help her into a series of restraints, which consist of leather straps with short chains or cords attached. Four short straps are fitted as cuffs around her wrists and ankles, a slightly longer one as a collar around her neck and an even larger one as belt around her waist. 
As the first group of volunteers complete the fastening of the restraints to the assistant the magician presents a cabinet and invites the remaining volunteers to inspect it. The cabinet is just large enough to accommodate a person in a standing position and it is initially open at the front and back. A panel, with a series of slots and holes in, is presented and fitted to the back of the cabinet.
The assistant, now fitted out with the straps and chains, steps into the cabinet. The chains are passed through holes in the side of the cabinet and secured to fixings on the outside. This leaves the assistant apparently held in a standing posture inside the cabinet, with her arms at her sides and with little leeway for movement. A second panel, similar to the first, is presented and fitted to the front of the cabinet. This second panel has a stylised silhouette of a female figure painted on it, which indicates the approximate position of the assistant who is now hidden inside.
The magician then pushes a series of rods through holes in the front panel (these are shown to have emerged through matching holes in the rear panel). The first rods apparently serve to further prevent any movement by the assistant and later ones look as if they must actually be pushed through her body. In addition a series of blades are pushed through slots in the front panel so that it appears the cabinet is divided into sections, each of which is too small for the assistant. Finally, a large square-sectioned tube is pushed through the middle of the cabinet from front to back. It is demonstrated that it is possible to see through the tube and pass objects through it.
The tube, the blades and the rods are then pulled out of the cabinet and the front panel is removed, revealing the assistant unharmed and still held in position by the restraints.
History.
References listed below attribute the creation of this illusion to British magician Val Walker. Tad Ware, writing in the magazine "Magicol", has made a case that "The Radium Girl" was a source of inspiration to P.T. Selbit when he created an illusion called "Sawing Through". 
Given that Selbit is widely credited with performing the first "sawing a woman in half" illusion in 1921 this would suggest that "The Radium Girl" pre-dates many other well-known "big box" type illusions. Some sources give 1919 as the date when Walker first presented "The Radium Girl". Known performances in more recent times include a presentation by English magician Jeffery Atkins at the FISM congress in Paris in 1973. Atkins, together with host Paul Daniels and an assistant named Jackie, also performed the illusion on an episode of the BBC television series "The Paul Daniels Magic Show" (see picture). Another television magician, David Nixon, performed a version on one of his shows in the 1970s using singer Anita Harris as his assistant. He titled it the "Thai Torture Trial" but, other than the omission of some restraints, it was essentially the same as the "Radium Girl".

</doc>
<doc id="9736939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736939" title="Julie Smith (novelist)">
Julie Smith (novelist)

Julie Smith (born November 25, 1944 in Annapolis, Maryland) is an American mystery writer, the author of nineteen novels and several short stories. She received the 1991 Edgar Award for Best Novel for her sixth book, "New Orleans Mourning" (1990).
Biography.
Born November 25, 1944 in Annapolis, Maryland she grew up in Savannah, Georgia. She graduated from the University of Mississippi in 1965 then worked as a journalist for sixteen years, beginning as a reporter for the New Orleans "Times-Picayune". She then moved on to the "San Francisco Chronicle", where she eventually became the first woman hired for the newsroom since World War II and spent the next ten years as a general assignment and court reporter. She later worked for the "Santa Barbara News-Press", for Banana Republic as an advertising and catalogue copy writer, and for the San Francisco District Attorney's office as a public information officer.
She quit the "Chronicle" in 1979 to form a freelance writing and editing firm called Invisible Ink with several other aspiring fiction writers, including Marcia Muller. In 1982 Smith published her first novel.
In 1991, she became the first American woman since 1956 to win the Edgar for Best Novel. Her latest novel is "P.I. On A Hot Tin Roof" (2005), and "New Orleans Noir", an anthology she edited, was published in 2007.
She currently lives in the Faubourg Marigny section of New Orleans.
In 2006 she founded Writerstrack.com, a course of writing instruction done through conference calls, which in 2011 she turned into an ebook titled "Writing Your Way."
In 2010 she founded her own publishing company, booksBnimble, which focuses on video-enhanced ebooks.
Works.
Awards.
Smith's 1990 novel "New Orleans Mourning" won the 1991 Edgar Award for "Best Novel" and was nominated for the Anthony Award for the same honor in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="9736941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736941" title="Doug France">
Doug France

"Frederick Douglas France Jr." (born April 26, 1953) is an American former National Football League offensive lineman who played eight seasons in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams.
Football career.
France was drafted in the first round as the 20th pick in the 1975 NFL Draft by the Los Angeles Rams after the team selected Dennis Harrah with the 11th pick. France played for the Los Angeles Rams for seven years and went to the Pro Bowl for two straight years (1977–1978). Then France spent one season with the Houston Oilers in 1983. France played Tight End for Ohio State (1971-1974). 
After retiring from the NFL he attempted to become an actor before become a high school offensive line coach at La Qunita.

</doc>
<doc id="9736951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736951" title="La Seu Vella, Lleida">
La Seu Vella, Lleida

The Cathedral of St. Mary of La Seu Vella (Catalan and Spanish: "Catedral de Santa Maria de la Seu Vella", ) is the former cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lleida, in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain, located on top of Lleida hill.
In 1707, the Gothic cathedral was turned into a military citadel by decision of King Philip V of Spain. The new cathedral, known as the Seu Nova () and located downhill at Carrer Major, was consecrated in 1781.
Nevertheless, the Seu Vella is the defining monument of Lleida, the symbol of the city, being visible from its hilltop site anywhere in the city.
History.
The site was previously occupied by a Palaeo-Christian and Visigothic cathedral, which later, after the Islamic conquest of Spain, was rebuilt in 832 to be used as a mosque. In 1149, after the city's conquest by the Christian Ramon Berenguer IV of Barcelona and Ermengol VI of Urgell (1149), the structure was reconsecrated as "Santa Maria Antiqua", and entrusted to canons regular.
In 1193, however, the Lleida cathedral chapter ordered the construction of a new edifice, following the contemporary Romanesque architectural canons, to master Pere de Coma. The first stone was laid in 1203 by King Peter II of Aragon and count Ermengol VII of Urgell. Construction continued throughout the reign of James I of Aragon. It was consecrated to the Virgin Mary on 31 October 1278. The cloisters were not completed until the 14th century, at which time work on the belltower was begun. It was finished in 1431.
In 1707, the city was conquered by the troops of Philip V: the king ordered the destruction of the cathedral because it has taken a prominent part in the city's defense. Nevertheless, the order was never executed, and the cathedral was converted into barracks. The building was declared a national monument in 1918, and restoration works were started in 1950.
Description.
The cathedral is designed in a transitional style between Romanesque and Gothic. It lacks almost any influence of Islamic architecture. The floor plan is of a basilica in a Latin cross with a nave and two aisles. The tower is octagonal with a central space of five apses. The interior was decorated in painted murals and sculpture, much of which is still preserved, but much of which has been despoiled during the War of Spanish Succession.
The octagonal tower is in diameter at its base, but at the top. Its maximum height is and it contains 238 steps. A bell named "Mònica" announces the quarter-hours and one "Silvestra" announces the hours. The bells are of the international Gothic style of the 15th century.
The cloister is unusually placed in front of the main entrance of the church, and is notable for both its rare opened gallery with views over the city and for its extraordinary size. In fact, this cloister has been regarded as one of the largest cloisters in Europe. This cloister has 17 ornate Gothic windows, each them different. Among them, we could point out the Muslim window of "the palmtrees" and the central one of the westernmost wing, with a complex decoration witch includes both a King David's Star and a Christian cross.

</doc>
<doc id="9736967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736967" title="Tulsa, Oklahoma mayoral election, 2006">
Tulsa, Oklahoma mayoral election, 2006

In the General Election, Democrat Kathy Taylor defeated Republican Bill LaFortune Tuesday, April 4.
Election results.
Republican Primary March 7, 2006
Democratic Primary March 7, 2006

</doc>
<doc id="9736969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736969" title="CTMA">
CTMA

CTMA can refer to several different things:

</doc>
<doc id="9736970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9736970" title="War of Money">
War of Money

War of Money (; also known as "Money's Warfare") is a 2007 South Korean television drama series adaptation of Park In-kwon's comic of the same name. Starring Park Shin-yang and Park Jin-hee, it aired on SBS from May 16 to July 19, 2007 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes. 
Originally scheduled for 16 episodes, due to its popularity it was extended to 20, but only Park Shin-yang starred in the four-episode "bonus round."
Synopsis.
Geum Na-ra was once a top-ranked investment banker, until his life falls apart when his debt-ridden father commits suicide after constantly being harassed by loan sharks. Traumatized, his mother collapses and is rushed to the hospital. Na-ra applies for a bank loan but is flatly denied, and his disgruntled boss takes advantage of Na-ra's troubles and uses them as an excuse to fire him. His mother eventually dies, despite his and his sister Eun-ji's (Lee Young-eun) desperate efforts to obtain cash to pay for her hospital fees. Newlywed Eun-ji had become a room salon hostess, while Na-ra agreed to break up with his longtime girlfriend Lee Cha-yeon (Kim Jung-hwa) in exchange for cash from Cha-yeon's disapproving grandmother Madam Bong (Yeo Woon-kay). Believing that it's the source of all evil, Na-ra declares war on money and becomes obsessed with avenging his parents' deaths. However, realizing the only way to defeat his enemy is to understand the enemy, Na-ra decides to become a loan shark himself, and begins working as a ruthless money collector for the notorious loan shark Ma Dong-po (Lee Won-jong), while learning the trade secrets along with life's philosophies from the old and legendary pro Dokgo Chul (Shin Goo) who reluctantly takes Na-ra under his wing. 
Na-ra enters into a rivalry with Ha Woo-sung (Shin Dong-wook), another moneylender who works for Madam Bong and has secretly loved Cha-yeon for years. Then Na-ra meets Seo Joo-hee (Park Jin-hee). Joo-hee was supposed to marry a divorced man to solve her family's financial problems, but on the day of the wedding, Na-ra showed up to collect the debts and ended up ruining her plans. Joo-hee vows to take her revenge on him but she falls in love with him instead. When Na-ra learns that his gangster boss Ma Dong-po was the very man responsible for his father's death, he keeps his cool, waiting for the right time and the right place to seek his revenge. Meanwhile, competition between banks and loan sharks is getting tense and a war over money threatens to erupt. 
Awards.
2007 SBS Drama Awards 
2008 44th Baeksang Arts Awards
"War of Money" Bonus Round.
Because of the series' high viewership ratings of over 30%, SBS filmed an additional four episodes featuring new characters and a new plot not found in the original comic, titled "War of Money Bonus Round". Park Shin-yang was the only main cast member who reprised his role (Park Jin-hee and Shin Goo were unable to due to scheduling conflicts). Among his costars were Kim Ok-bin, who played Geum Na-ra's girlfriend, and Park Hae-mi, who portrayed a physically-challenged moneylending tycoon. Under the theme "poetic justice" or "dilemma," the bonus round did not focus on revenge, but on Na-ra's new challenges as an ingenious debt collector. Ratings were also successful, recording over 25%. 
Controversy.
According to his contract, Park Shin-yang was paid per episode for the original 16 episodes. But to appear in the four extra episodes, he negotiated a fee of per episode.
The producers agreed, but later reneged on the deal, alleging that Park tried to capitalize on the drama's high popularity by asking for too much money. Park took legal action, and in November 2009, he won the lawsuit, with the Seoul District Court ruling (upheld by the Seoul High Court) that "although the guarantees promised in the extra contract were three times higher than those paid for Park's appearances in the original contract," the two contracts were independent of each other, and the second contract was legal and binding. 
Consequently, the Corea Drama Production Association (CODA) banned Park from appearing in any dramas produced by members of the association for an indefinite period. Calling Park's per episode fee higher than the fee paid to an outsourcing production company by a broadcaster, CODA said such exorbitant actor's salaries shouldn't be tolerated since it adversely affects the drama production industry, from writers and producers to technical staff. Following CODA's announcement, about 5,600 overseas fans issued a joint petition to denounce the decision. 
After a three-year absence on television, the ban on Park was lifted in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9737001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737001" title="Like Sonny">
Like Sonny

Like Sonny is a 1960 album by jazz musician John Coltrane. 
Track listing.
Track
This is actually two LP's on one CD. The first four tunes are from:
John Coltrane - Like Sonny (Roulette ROU 1012): John Coltrane (ts) McCoy Tyner (p) Steve Davis (b) Billy Higgins (d)
United Recording Studios, Los Angeles, CA, September 8, 1960
John Coltrane/Lee Morgan - The Best Of Birdland, Vol. 1 (Roulette SR 52094): same session - United Recording Studios, Los Angeles, CA, September 8, 1960
And the last six are from:
Ray Draper - A Tuba Jazz (Jubilee JLP 1090): Ray Draper (tu) John Coltrane (ts) John Maher (p) Spanky DeBrest (b) Larry Richie (d)
NYC, November, 1958
Personnel.
Recorded November 1958, September 10, 1960

</doc>
<doc id="9737020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737020" title="List of Anglo-Indians">
List of Anglo-Indians

The following is a list of Anglo-Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="9737021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737021" title="1992 Solheim Cup">
1992 Solheim Cup

The second Solheim Cup golf match took place from 2 October to 4 October 1992 at Dalmahoy Country Club, Edinburgh, Scotland. The European team beat the United States team 11½ points to 6½, to win the trophy for the first time.
Teams.
The US team captain, Kathy Whitworth had to return to the US before the start of the competition following the death of her mother the day the team arrived. LPGA President Alice Miller took over as captain.
Europe
Format.
A total of 18 points were available. Day 1 was four rounds of foursomes. Day 2 was four rounds of fourballs. The final 10 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay, all ten golfers from each team playing on the final day.
Day one foursomes.
"Friday, 2 October 1992"
Day two fourball.
"Saturday, 3 October 1992"
Day three singles.
"Sunday, 4 October 1992"

</doc>
<doc id="9737023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737023" title="Aristonymus">
Aristonymus

Aristonymus of Athens () was sent by Plato to reform the constitution of the Arcadians. Aristonymus was the father of Clitophon.

</doc>
<doc id="9737037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737037" title="Lucie Myslivečková">
Lucie Myslivečková

Lucie Myslivečková (born 8 December 1989) is a Czech ice dancer. She currently competes with Neil Brown. With former partner Matěj Novák, she is the 2010 Golden Spin of Zagreb champion and the 2011 Czech national champion. 
Career.
Myslivečkova and Novák won a silver and bronze on the Junior Grand Prix circuit. They finished as high as 8th at Junior Worlds in 2009 and debuted at senior Worlds in the same season. They were 21st at the 2009 World Championships. 
Myslivečkova and Novák made their senior Grand Prix debut in the 2009–2010 season, finishing 7th at the Cup of Russia and 9th at the NHK Trophy. They moved up to 16th at Worlds. During the 2010–2011 season, they won silver at the Ondrej Nepela Memorial, finished 6th at the NHK Trophy and 5th at the Cup of Russia. They won their first international title at the 2010 Golden Spin of Zagreb. Following the 2010-11 season, Novák decided to retire from competitive skating. 
Myslivečkova teamed up with French ice dancer Neil Brown to compete for the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="9737063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737063" title="Matěj Novák">
Matěj Novák

Matěj Novák (born 6 November 1989) is a Czech ice dancer. With former partner Lucie Myslivečková, he is the 2010 Golden Spin of Zagreb champion and the 2011 Czech national champion. He currently competes with Gabriela Kubová.
Career.
Myslivečkova and Novák won a silver and bronze on the Junior Grand Prix circuit. They finished as high as 8th at Junior Worlds in 2009 and debuted at senior Worlds in the same season. They were 21st at the 2009 World Championships.
Myslivečkova and Novák made their senior Grand Prix debut in the 2009–2010 season, finishing 7th at the Cup of Russia and 9th at the NHK Trophy. They moved up to 16th at Worlds. During the 2010–2011 season, they won silver at the Ondrej Nepela Memorial, finished 6th at the NHK Trophy and 5th at the Cup of Russia. They won their first international title at the 2010 Golden Spin of Zagreb. Following the 2010-11 season, Novak decided to retire from competitive skating to do ballroom dancing.
In 2012, Novák decided to return to ice dancing, teaming up with Gabriela Kubová.

</doc>
<doc id="9737115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737115" title="Trial of the 149">
Trial of the 149

Trial of the 149 () is the name given to the legal proceedings against 149 communists in Estonia that lasted from 10 to 27 November 1924. Many defendants were accused of high treason. One of them – Jaan Tomp – was sentenced to death and 39 other people to forced labour for life. The trial of the 149 was one of the largest trials in the pre-war Republic of Estonia.
Background.
During the 1920s, Estonia was a politically stable country with a mainly agrarian economy, the industrial base was relatively small and the peasantry were largely satisfied with the government's land redistribution policies of 1919-1920, thus there was little sympathy for the communists.
Following the failed Hamburg Uprising and Bulgarian September Uprising, the Estonian authorities decided to crackdown on the small but very militant Estonian Communist Party. On 21 January 1924, the security police raided a club called "The Workers' Cellar" ("Tööliste kelder") where 185 representatives of workers' organisations had gathered for a meeting. The names of people present were recorded and the chairmen of the meeting – Hendrik Allik, Paul Keerdo and Jaan Tomp – were arrested. That same day, Vladimir Kangur was arrested in Narva. They all were accused of being the founders of the Workers' United Front ("Töörahva Ühine Väerind"). Several members of the Riigikogu also belonged to this organisation. 
This raid was the first in a series of operations that led to the arrest of 200 people. Communist newspapers and organisations were shut down. 229 workers' societies were dissolved as they were accused of unconstitutional activities. 
Some of the arrested communists managed to escape and they could not be tried. In the end 149 people were prosecuted.
The trial.
Most of the accused did not admit their guilt. Some of those who did came up with the excuse that they needed the money provided by Soviet communists to improve their life. Of 149 defendants, 88 declined a lawyer. Not all defendants were present in the courtroom, and some had to be removed as they started to protest. One of the removed persons was Vladimir Kangur, a member of Riigikogu. Some people could not be arrested and tried because of their status as members of parliament. Some of these included Eliise Priks, Eduard Luts and Aleksander Rimmel.
The defendants faced different charges. The whole bill of indictment was 150 pages long. The most general and common charge was "participation in a pan-Estonian secret communist organisation".
The verdict.
The verdict was read on 27 November 1924.
Seven defendants were acquitted of all charges: Otto Laas, August Palovere, Peeter Palovere, Jaan Pois, Bernhard Sepp, Paul Sepp and Johan Steinfeldt.
Jaan Tomp had received his verdict before the others. He had been sentenced to death and executed on 14 November 1924.
Life sentences.
The 39 defendants sentenced to forced labour for life were: Hendrik Allik, Aleksander Jaanson, Vladimir Kangur, Paul Keerdo, August Hansen, Madis Kask, Johannes Kuppar, Peeter Petree, Jaan Kamberg, Aleksander Reinson, Johannes Suuster, Joosep Saat, Herman Arbon, Karl Tuisk, Elfriede Morgenson, Rosalie Veltson, Leena Laid, Aliide Sommerling, Wilhelmine Kruul, Olga Künnapuu, Oskar Sepre, Voldemar Sassi, Peeter Mihelson, August Kuhlberg, Jakob Saar, Arnold Veimer, Georg Abels, Wladimir Rea, Jüri Vilt, Peeter Jentson, Johannes Oinas, Johannes Roots, Paul Krams, Karl Kuusk, Karl Pauk, Andrei Murro, Voldemar Jurjev, Johannes Jaama, and Adolf Pauk.
Amnesty.
After many Estonian communists including the entire Central Committee of the Communist Party of Estonia were killed during the Great Purge, having earlier fled to the Soviet Union after the failed 1924 Estonian coup d'état attempt, and Comintern was no longer funding and instructing the local party, the Estonian state released the convicted communists still in prison in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="9737129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737129" title="List of Valencian trinquets">
List of Valencian trinquets

List of towns where there is a trinquet at the moment or there has been in the past. Bolded are the active trinquets.

</doc>
<doc id="9737149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737149" title="Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament">
Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's football tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics featured 16 men's national teams from the six continental confederations. The 16 teams were drawn into four groups of four, in which each team would play each of the others once. At the end of the group stage, the top two teams advanced to the knockout stage, beginning with the quarter-finals and culminating with the final at Athens' Olympic Stadium on 28 August 2004.
Qualification.
The following 16 teams qualified for the 2004 Olympics football tournament.
Final tournament.
Key:

</doc>
<doc id="9737169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737169" title="AUDELCO">
AUDELCO

AUDELCO, the Audience Development Committee, Inc., was established in 1973 by the late Vivian Robinson to honor excellence in New York African American Theatre through presentation of Vivan Robinson/AUDELCO Recognition Awards (aka Viv awards). The awards were created to promote "recognition, understanding and awareness of the arts in the African-American community".
The AUDELCO Viv awards recognize the following, whether Broadway or off-Broadway:
AUDELCO has an office in Central Harlem, New York, with an active board of directores, including Executive Director, Carrie Jackson. The organization has thousands of members, a newsletter, and a black theater collection of books, photos, slides and scripts as well as an extensive clipping file on black theater companies and productions. 
The AUDELCO awards are limited to productions mounted by professional, not-for-profit theater organizations which have been in existence for at least two years and have had a minimum of 500 hours of rehearsal, performance, or training. Additionally, productions have to have been performed over 12 times between September 1 of one year and August 31 of the next. Workshop productions and works-in-progress are not eligible.
The AUDELCO Viv awards allow celebrities and everyday people to get to share their love of theater and their appreciation for the incredible performances, scripts, direction, costumes and sets that have been presented during the last theater season.
Michael O'Hare was the first white actor to win this award presented by the black theater community of New York for his performance in the play "Shades of Brown" which examined the effects of apartheid in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="9737170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737170" title="Czeslaw Kozon">
Czeslaw Kozon

Czeslaw Kozon (born 17 November 1951, Idestrup, Falster, Denmark) is the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Copenhagen.
His parents were emigres from Poland who fled the Communist takeover of that country. He was ordained a priest for the Diocese of Copenhagen on Jan 6 1979. In 1995, Pope John Paul II appointed him Bishop of Copenhagen, and he was consecrated by Bishop Hans Ludvig Martensen, S.J. on May 7, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9737190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737190" title="European Parliament election, 1979">
European Parliament election, 1979

The 1979 European elections were parliamentary elections held across all 9 (at the time) European Community member states. They were the first European elections to be held, allowing citizens to elect 410 MEPs to the European Parliament, and also the first international election in history.
Seats in the Parliament had been allocated to the states according to population, and in some cases were divided into constituencies, but members sat according to political groups.
Background.
The Treaty of Rome which established the Communities specified that the European Parliament must be elected by universal suffrage using a common voting system. The Council of the European Union was responsible for setting up the elections but it had procrastinated. As a stop-gap measure, members were appointed to the Parliament by the member states from their own national parliaments, as they had done since the Common Assembly. The Parliament was unhappy with this and threatened to take the Council to the European Court of Justice. The Council eventually agreed to elections and the first European Parliament elections were held in 1979 after proposals were put forward in the mid 1970s. The issue of a common voting method was left undecided, and even to this day the voting methods vary from member state to member state, although all have used some form of proportional representation since 1999.
Campaigns.
The campaigns varied. The former Social Democrat German Chancellor Willy Brandt took an international campaign to France, Italy, Luxembourg and the Netherlands to boost the Socialist group. On the other hand, the former Prime Minister of France Jacques Chirac used the election to gauge his popularity against the then-President of France Valéry Giscard d'Estaing, in anticipation of a presidential bid in 1981.
Election.
In June, the 410 members were elected by universal suffrage. At the time there were no rules on the system of election to be used. The United Kingdom used a plurality voting system for multiple small constituencies in England, Wales and Scotland but the other member states used proportional representation for fewer larger constituencies (usually the member state itself as a single constituency), albeit with different methods of seat allocation.
The electorate took little interest but average voter turnout was 63%. The lowest turn out was in the United Kingdom with 32.2%: all others were above 50% apart from Denmark. Aside from Belgium and Luxembourg, where voting is compulsory, the highest turnout was in Italy with 84.9%.
Final results.
Socialist parties working together under the Europe-wide Confederation of Socialist Parties won the most seats: the resultant Socialist group had 113 MEPs. Christian Democrat parties united within the pan-European European People's Party came second, with the resultant group having 107 MEPs. The largest third force was the Conservative European Democrats with 64, followed by Communists with 44. The Liberal Democrats had 40 seats, although their candidate was elected as President.
The groups formed were loose coalitions based on the groups founded in previous years, but they soon became the basis for modern European political parties.
Post election.
Louise Weiss, who was 86 at the time, was found to be Parliament's oldest member and hence presided over the chamber while the election of the President took place (July 1979). Before that could happen however, she immediately had to deal with Ian Paisley MEP who, in the first speech of the session, protested that the British flag outside the building was flying upside down. She dealt with the interruption swiftly. The confrontation was seen as one of her finest hours and she later confided that, as a grandmother, she was used to dealing with "recalcitrant youngsters".
There were five candidates for President of the European Parliament: Giorgio Amendola, Italian Communist, Emma Bonino, ItalianTechnical Independent, Christian de La Malène, French Progressive Democrat, Simone Veil, French Liberal, and Mario Zagari, Italian Socialist.
In the first ballot, Veil secured 183 of the 380 votes cast – eight short of the absolute majority needed. The next closest contender was Zagari with 118 votes, then Amendola with 44, de la Malène with 26 and Bonino with 9. Bonino and de la Malène dropped out and Veil secured an absolute majority in the second ballot with 192 of the 377 votes cast (Zagari gained 128 and Amendola 47). Veil was elected as the first President of the elected Parliament, and first female President of the Parliament since it was founded in 1952.
The following were elected as Vice-Presidents: Danielle De March, Basil de Ferranti, Bruno Friedrich, Guido Gonella, Gérard Jacquet, Hans Katzer, Poul Møller, Pierre Pflimlin, Bríd Rodgers, Marcel Albert Vandewiele, Anne Vondeling and Mario Zagari.
Previously the Parliament was a weak consultative assembly, the members of which were part-time. With the elections the new body of MEPs were full-time, energetic and more diverse. As soon as the Parliament was established the "old guard" MEPs of the larger parties sought to raise the bar at which a European Parliament political group could be formed (the status gave financial support and representation in committees). This move was quickly blocked by smaller groups working together and filibustering the proposal. The ties formed at this time laid the foundations of the group: an alliance of left-wing and green parties which later became the European Greens–European Free Alliance group.

</doc>
<doc id="9737195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737195" title="Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament">
Football at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The 2004 was the third women's soccer Olympics.
Final tournament.
Key:
Medalists.
Briana Scurry<br>
Heather Mitts<br>
Christie Rampone<br>
Cat Reddick<br>
Lindsay Tarpley<br>
Brandi Chastain<br>
Shannon Boxx<br>
Angela Hucles<br>
Mia Hamm<br>
Aly Wagner<br>
Julie Foudy<br>
Cindy Parlow<br>
Kristine Lilly<br>
Joy Fawcett<br>
Kate Markgraf<br>
Abby Wambach<br>
Heather O'Reilly<br>
Kristin Luckenbill<br>
Coach: April Heinrichs
Andréia<br>
Maravilha<br>
Monica<br>
Tânia<br>
Juliana<br>
Daniela<br>
Rosana<br>
Renata Costa<br>
Aline<br>
Formiga<br>
Elaine<br>
Maycon<br>
Pretinha<br>
Marta<br>
Cristiane<br>
Roseli<br>
Dayane<br>
Grazielle<br>
Coach: Renê Simões
Silke Rottenberg<br>
Kerstin Stegemann<br>
Kerstin Garefrekes<br>
Steffi Jones<br>
Sarah Günther<br>
Viola Odebrecht<br>
Pia Wunderlich<br>
Petra Wimbersky<br>
Birgit Prinz<br>
Renate Lingor<br>
Martina Müller<br>
Navina Omilade<br>
Sandra Minnert<br>
Isabell Bachor<br>
Sonja Fuss<br>
Conny Pohlers<br>
Ariane Hingst<br>
Nadine Angerer<br>
Coach: Tina Theune-Meyer

</doc>
<doc id="9737196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737196" title="Mahamadou Sidibé">
Mahamadou Sidibé

Mahamadou Sidibé (born October 8, 1978 in Bamako, Mali) is a Malian footballer. He is a goalkeeper.
He has previously played for PAS Giannia, Egaleo and Athinaikos. In March 2008, after a controversial match between PAS Giannina and Kastoria during which Sidibe conceded two goals, he was accused of deliberately low performance and was ousted from the club. He joined Ethnikos Achna FC with the aim of helping the team in their effort to move higher up the table. The transfer was considered a transfer coup for coach Stéphane Demol, who used his extensive contact list to convince Sidibé to join Ethnikos. In June 2009, Sidibé joined AC Omonia of Cyprus as a third selection goalkeeper.
Sidibé has a lot of international experience, having played several international matches for the Mali national team.
Honours.
Omonia

</doc>
<doc id="9737211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737211" title="Sky Magazine">
Sky Magazine

Sky Magazine (or 'Sky Mag') is the magazine distributed to subscribers of the BSkyB satellite service Sky Digital.
Availability.
The magazine was available to subscribers of the Variety Pack or all packs of entertainment.
Content.
The magazines content varies from edition to edition, but on average will include:
In recent years, popular consensus is that the quality of the content has decreased, and what was once a quality magazine, has lost channel guides, detailed channel listings and more quality interviews and program-related articles.
Spin off magazines.
Sky has also published other magazines such as Sky Sports Magazine for Sky Sports subscribers and Sky Movies Magazine for viewers who subscribe to Sky Movies. Usually 3 magazines were published to viewers (sky mag, sky sports and sky movies) but as of December 2009 sky have redesigned a new look magazine which replaces all 3 existing magazines.
End of magazine.
The magazine ceased publication in October 2011. The October/November edition was the final one. The publication was replaced by a Weekly Email. This made some customers upset, and left Sky over the change.

</doc>
<doc id="9737225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737225" title="European Parliament election, 1984">
European Parliament election, 1984

The 1984 election to the European Parliament was the first since the inaugural election of 1979 and the 1981 enlargement of the European Community to include Greece. It was also the last before the accession of Spain and Portugal in 1987.
Results showed centre-left and right wing MEPs profiting at the expense of the far-left and centre-right. The Socialists consolidated their position as the biggest group in the Parliament and there were notable changes for the smaller groups, with far-right MEPs forming a group and the coalescence of the Green and Regionalist group known as "Rainbow". Overall turnout dropped to 61%. No majority was achieved.
__TOC__
Pre-election.
Seat changes.
The number of seats was the same as before for each member state that took part in the 1979 election. Greece, which had joined in 1981, was allocated 24 new seats. This raised the number of seats to 434 from 410.
Election and regrouping.
Overview.
The Socialists increased their share by six seats to 130 seats, up from 124 before the elections. The Democratic Alliance (formerly Progressive Democrats) also made gains, up by seven to 29 seats. The People's Party's, the European Democrats, Communists and Liberals all lost seats. The French National Front and the Italian Social Movement founded a group called the "European Right": the first far-right group in the Parliament. The "Technical Group of Independents" was replaced by the "Rainbow Group", a mixture of Greens and Regionalists.

</doc>
<doc id="9737241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737241" title="White-bridled finch">
White-bridled finch

The white-bridled finch ("Melanodera melanodera"), also known as the canary-winged finch or black-throated finch, is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus "Melanodera" together with the yellow-bridled finch ("M. xanthogramma"). Formerly placed in the family Emberizidae, it is now considered a tanager. It is found in grassland in southernmost South America. There are two subspecies: "M. m. melanodera" in the Falkland Islands and "M. m. princetoniana" in southern Argentina and Chile.
Description.
It is 14–15 cm long. Birds on the mainland are smaller than those on the Falklands with a smaller bill and more yellow in the wings and tail.
The call is a short, high-pitched note and the song is a repeated series of two or three whistles. It sings from a low perch such as a rock or grass tussock.
Distribution and habitat.
It is common throughout the Falklands where it occurs up to about 150m above sea-level but is most often found in coastal areas. On the South American mainland it is thinly-distributed up to 580m above sea-level in Magallanes Region in Chile and Santa Cruz Province in Argentina. Its range extends southwards from about 47°S to northern Tierra del Fuego. It is typically found in flat areas of grassland, heathland, farmland or dunes.
The population on the Falklands is about 7,000-14,000 pairs and the species is not considered to be threatened. However it is thought to be declining on the mainland because of overgrazing.
Behaviour.
It forages on the ground, feeding mainly on seeds, especially those of grasses.
The nest is built of grass and lined with hair or feathers. It is placed low down in grass or between stones. Three or four eggs are laid, these are blue-grey or grey-green with purple-brown markings towards the larger end.

</doc>
<doc id="9737278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737278" title="John Sheppard">
John Sheppard

John Sheppard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9737295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737295" title="Simply Nothing">
Simply Nothing

Simply Nothing is the debut album by singer/songwriter Shawn McDonald on Sparrow Records released August 10, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9737330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737330" title="Otto Maria Krämer">
Otto Maria Krämer

Otto Maria Krämer (born 1964) is a German organist and church musician.
Krämer studied at the Folkwang Hochschule, Essen and at the Robert Schumann Hochschule Düsseldorf. His teacher was Wolfgang Seifen. In 1994 he passed his examination (A). Since 1993 he has worked as cantor and organist in Straelen. In 1995 he won the first price of the "Concours d'Improvisation a l'orgue Montbrison". He was teacher for improvisation at the Westminster Choir College in Princeton, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="9737337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737337" title="Greuthungi">
Greuthungi

The Greuthungs, Greuthungi, or Greutungi were a Gothic people of the Black Sea steppes in the third and fourth centuries. They had close contacts with the Thervingi, another Gothic people from west of the river Dnestr. They may be the same people as the later Ostrogoths.
Etymology.
"Greuthungi" may mean "steppe dwellers" or "people of the pebbly coasts". The root "greut"- is probably related to the Old English "greot", meaning "gravel, grit, earth". This is supported by evidence that geographic descriptors were commonly used to distinguish people living north of the Black Sea both before and after Gothic settlement there and by the lack of evidence for an earlier date for the name pair Tervingi-Greuthungi than the late third century. It is also possible that the name "Greuthungi" has pre-Pontic Scandinavian origins. It may mean "rock people", to distinguish the Ostrogoths from the Gauts (in what is today Sweden). Jordanes does refer to an "Evagreotingi" (Greuthung island) in Scandza, but this may be legend. It has also been suggested that it may be related to certain place names in Poland, but this has met with little support.
History.
Jordanes, a mid 6th-century historian identifies the 4th-century Greuthungi with the 5th/6th-century Ostrogothi. Jordanes also describes a large Greuthung kingdom in the late 4th-century, but Ammianus Marcellinus, a late 4th-century historian, does not record this. Many modern historians, including Peter Heather and Michael Kulikowski, doubt that it was ever particularly extensive (and suggest one or more smaller kingdoms).
Archaeology.
In time and geographical area, the Greutungi and their neighbors the Thervingi correspond to the archaeological Chernyakhov Culture.
Settlement pattern.
Chernyakhov settlements cluster in open ground in river valleys. The houses include sunken-floored dwellings, surface dwellings, and stall-houses. The largest known settlement (Budesty) is 35 hectares. Most settlements are open and unfortified; some forts are also known. 
Burial practices.
Chernyakhov cemeteries include both cremation and inhumation burials; among the latter the head is to the north. Some graves were left empty. Grave goods often include pottery, bone combs, and iron tools, but almost never any weapons.
Relationship with the Ostrogoths.
The division of the Goths is first attested in 291. The Greuthungi are first named by Ammianus Marcellinus, writing no earlier than 392 and perhaps later than 395, and basing his account of the words of a Tervingian chieftain who is attested as early as 376. The Ostrogoths are first named in a document dated September 392 from Milan. Claudian mentions that they together with the "Gruthungi" inhabit Phrygia. According to Herwig Wolfram, the primary sources either use the terminology of Tervingi/Greuthungi or Vesi/Ostrogothi and never mix the pairs. All four names were used together, but the pairing was always preserved, as in "Gruthungi, Austrogothi, Tervingi, Visi".
Both Herwig Wolfram and Thomas Burns conclude that the term Greuthungi was a geographical identifier used by the Tervingi to describe a people that described itself as the Ostrogoths. This terminology therefore dropped out of use after the Goths were displaced by the Hunnic invasions. In support of this, Wolfram cites Zosimus as referring to a group of "Scythians" north of the Danube who were called "Greuthungi" by the barbarians north of the Ister. Wolfram concludes that this people was the Tervingi who had remained behind after the Hunnic conquest. On this understanding, the Greuthungi and Ostrogothi were more or less the same people. 
That the Greuthungi were the Ostrogothi is also supported by Jordanes. He identified the Ostrogothic kings from Theodoric the Great to Theodahad as the heirs of the Greuthungian king Ermanaric. This interpretation, however, though very common among scholars today, is not universal. The nomenclature of Greuthungi and Tervingi fell out of use shortly after 400. In general, the terminology of a divided Gothic people disappeared gradually after they entered the Roman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="9737340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737340" title="Billy Howton">
Billy Howton

William Harris "Billy" Howton (born July 5, 1930) is a former American football end who played 12 seasons in the National Football League (NFL) in the 1950s and early 1960s. He played college football for Rice University. He caught a total 503 career passes for a total of 8,459 yards. In doing so, he surpassed then leader Don Hutson to become the all-time leader in receptions and yardage. (Since then his ranking has fallen to below 50.) Despite this, he has yet to be named a finalist in Pro Football Hall of Fame balloting. He retired in 1963 after four years with the Dallas Cowboys. He caught 13 touchdown passes in his 1952 rookie season. On October 21, 1956, Howton caught seven passes for a total of 257 yards against the Los Angeles Rams.
Early years.
Howton attended Plainview High School, where he lettered in football, basketball and track and field.
Howton signed with Rice University, where he was nicknamed "Red Fox" not only for his hair color, but also for the way he ran pass patterns, which made him a great offensive end, establishing a season record for average yards (22.6) on pass receptions.
At the 1948 track and field regional meet in Lubbock, he had a time of 14.3 in the high hurdle event, setting a record that stood for several decades. In 1951 he won the high hurdle event in a track meet against the Texas A&M Aggies. He was also was a notable runner in the low hurdles. 
In 1951 he finished his college football career with 64 catches for 1,289 yards and 12 touchdowns, on his way to earn the following honors:
In 1971 he was inducted into the Rice Athletic Hall of Fame.
Professional career.
Green Bay Packers.
He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the second round of the 1952 NFL Draft. As a rookie he earned immediate comparisons with Hall of Famer Don Hutson, with his speed, sure hands, and big-play ability. He established himself as one of the best wide receivers in the NFL, with a league-leading 1,231 receiving yards. He also set a rookie record with 13 touchdowns, which would last until 1965 when the total number was broken by Gale Sayers. His touchdown reception mark lasted until 1998, when it was broken by Randy Moss.
Howton became one of the most successful wide receivers in Packers history, while playing seven seasons in losing teams (26-56-2).
During his seven years in Green Bay, he led his teams in receiving yards for six straight seasons (1952-57), led the league in receiving yards 2 times (1952 and 1956) and touchdown receptions once (1956). He caught 303 passes for 5,581 yards with an 18.4 yard average, scored 43 touchdowns and earned All-Pro in two seasons (1956-57) and Pro Bowl honors in four seasons (1952 and 1955-57).
He set team records that still stand today:
Howton was named the Packers' player representative and president of the NFL Players Association in 1958, and played a major role in establishing a pension fund for players, which was a debated topic with club owners at the time.
In 1959 the Packers hired Vince Lombardi after the team's worst record ever (1-10-1), who eventually traded him to the Cleveland Browns in exchange for defensive end Bill Quinlan and halfback Lew Carpenter. Through the years, there has been speculation that his NFL Players Association ties were the real reason behind the trade.
In 1974 he was inducted into the Packers Hall of Fame.
Cleveland Browns.
Howton played only one season in Cleveland, leading the team in receptions with 39, and experiencing what would be the only winning campaign of his NFL career. At the start of the 1960 season, he notified the Browns his intentions to retire. The Dallas Cowboys convinced him to play in his home state and traded a draft choice to the Browns in exchange for his rights.
Dallas Cowboys.
Howton was acquired by the expansion Dallas Cowboys in 1960. That season the Cowboys recorded only a tie, which came against the NY Giants at Yankee Stadium on Dec. 4, when a late touchdown pass from Eddie LeBaron to Howton finalized a 31-31 comeback, against a team that had made championship game appearances in three of the previous four years.
The first win in franchise history came during the 1961 season opener against the Pittsburgh Steelers, 27-24, with Howton contributing a game-high 138 receiving yards and a touchdown.
During his time with the Cowboys he remained a key starter in a league-leading offense, that was composed by Eddie LeBaron, Don Meredith, Don Perkins, Frank Clarke, Dick Bielski and Lee Folkins. Howton led the Cowboys in receiving in 1961 (with a career high of 56 catches) and again in 1962.
On Sept. 29, 1963, he became the NFL's all-time receiving leader, after breaking Don Hutson's record for career receptions and receiving yards. He retired after playing in 12 seasons with 503 catches, 8,459 yards and 61 touchdowns.

</doc>
<doc id="9737368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737368" title="Fred Holliday">
Fred Holliday

Fred Holliday may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9737421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737421" title="AEC Reliance">
AEC Reliance

The AEC Reliance was a single-deck bus or coach chassis with a mid-underfloor-mounted engine, built by AEC in Southall, west London, England between 1953 and 1979. The name had previously been used between 1928 and 1931 for another single-deck bus chassis.
Two prototypes were completed in 1953, one with Duple coach bodywork and one with Park Royal bus bodywork. Production vehicles entered service from 1954. The last Reliance entered service in 1981.
Following successive changes to Construction & Use regulations, the maximum length of the Reliance was increased twice from the original 30': firstly, to permit an overall length of 36' from 1962; and later, to permit a length of 12 metres.
Various AEC engines were fitted during the chassis's production, including the 7.7-litre AH470, 8.1-litre AH505, 9.6-litre AH590, 11.3-litre AH691 and 12.4-litre AH760. Transmissions fitted to the Reliance include an AEC synchromesh gearbox, AEC "Monocontrol" semi-automatic epicyclic transmission, and ZF synchromesh gearbox.
The Reliance had the Leyland Tiger Cub and, from 1959, the Leyland Leopard as its major competitors throughout its life, even though they were built under the same ownership from 1962 onwards; later, the Volvo B58 won a number of customers' orders away from both the Reliance and the Leopard.

</doc>
<doc id="9737428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737428" title="International Journal of Hydrogen Energy">
International Journal of Hydrogen Energy

The International Journal of Hydrogen Energy is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published for the International Association for Hydrogen Energy by Elsevier. It covers all aspects of hydrogen generation and storage.
The editor in chief is T. Nejat Veziroglu (University of Miami).

</doc>
<doc id="9737431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737431" title="Hexamilion wall">
Hexamilion wall

The Hexamilion wall (, "six-mile wall") is a defensive wall constructed across the Isthmus of Corinth guarding the only land route into the Peloponnese peninsula from mainland Greece.
History.
Early fortifications.
The "Hexamilion" stands at the end of a long series of attempts to fortify the Isthmus stretching back to perhaps the Mycenean period. Many of the Peloponnesian cities wanted to pull back and fortify the Isthmus instead of making a stand at Thermopylae when Xerxes invaded in 480 BC (Herodotos Histories 7.206). The issue arose again before the Battle of Salamis (Herodotos 8.40, 49, 56). Although the concept of a fortress Peloponnese was repeatedly appealing, fortification of the Isthmus was of no utility without control of the ocean, as Herodotos notes (7.138).
The Hexamilion and its history.
The wall was constructed in the period between 408 AD and 450 AD, in the reign of Theodosius II during the time of the great Barbarian invasions into the Roman Empire. The attack of Alaric on Greece in 396 AD or the sack of Rome in 410 AD by the Visigoths may have motivated the construction, which included towers, sea bastions, and at minimum one fortress. The one known fortress contained two gates (north and south), of which the northern gate functioned as the formal entrance to the Peloponessos. The wall was constructed with a rubble and mortar core faced with squared stones. It is not certain how long it took to complete, but the importance given to the task is apparent from the scale of the construction; the "Hexamilion" is the largest archaeological structure in Greece. Every structure in the region was cannibalized for stone for the effort, either being incorporated into the wall directly, as was the temple of Poseidon at Isthmia, or being burned into lime, as was the sanctuary of Hera at Perachora as well as much of the ancient statuary of Corinth. In the reign of Justinian, the wall was fortified with additional towers, reaching a total number of 153. Military use appears to have fallen off after the 7th century AD, and by the 11th AD domestic structures were being built into the wall. In 1415, the Byzantine emperor Manuel II personally supervised repairs over a period of forty days. The high cost of this effort caused unrest among the local elite. The wall was breached in 1423 and again in 1431 by the Ottomans under the command of Turahan Bey. Despot Constantine Palaiologos restored the wall again in 1444, but the Turks breached it again in 1446 and in October 1452. After the Ottoman conquest of the Peloponnese in 1460, the wall was abandoned. During its history, the wall never succeeded in fulfilling the function for which it was constructed, unless it acted as a deterrent. Elements of the wall are preserved south of the Corinth Canal and at the Sanctuary of Poseidon at Isthmia.

</doc>
<doc id="9737440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737440" title="Woodlands Academy of the Sacred Heart">
Woodlands Academy of the Sacred Heart

Woodlands Academy of the Sacred Heart ("Woodlands", "WA", or "WASH") is a private, Roman Catholic girls' high school in Lake Forest, Illinois. Founded by the Society of the Sacred Heart, it is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago but is run by lay staff with several Sisters sitting on the Board of Trustees.
History.
The Convent of the Sacred Heart was established in 1858 by Mother Margaret Crawley RSCJ. In 1860 it moved to its new premises in Taylor Street and was renamed Academy of the Sacred Heart. In 1904, the Sisters moved the school to Lake Forest, Illinois, on the outskirts of Chicago. The now-defunct Barat College was founded in 1918 and the college and academy shared the large "Old Main" building. In 1961 the present name "Woodlands Academy" was adopted following a restructuring of the elementary and secondary schools. Donors later purchased the premises of the former Barat College and donated it to the academy, reuniting the campus with its roots.
Student life.
Sports.
Woodlands competes in the Independent School League (ISL), and as a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). WA sponsors volleyball, tennis, field hockey, basketball, soccer, and softball as varsity sports. The school sponsors golf as a club sport, in addition to being affiliated with North Suburban Crew and the Lake Forest Scouts ice hockey team to permit participation in crew and ice hockey.
Traditions.
Over the over 150 years of the school's existence, a number of secular and religious traditions have evolved, some of which are unique to Woodlands:

</doc>
<doc id="9737452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737452" title="Gary Knafelc">
Gary Knafelc

Gary Knafelc (born January 2, 1932 in Pueblo, Colorado) is a former American football wide receiver/tight end who played 10 seasons in the National Football League (1954–1963). He attended the University of Colorado. Knafelc is the only player to ever be carried off the City Stadium or Lambeau Field turf by fans. That happened after he caught a 28-yard touchdown pass from Tobin Rote in the final minute to beat the Detroit Lions, 20-17, in the 1955 season opener.
He served as public address announcer for Packers game at Lambeau from 1964 until 2004, when he was succeeded by Bill Jartz of WBAY-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="9737457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737457" title="Loukas Karadimos">
Loukas Karadimos

Loukas Karadimos () (born 6 August 1974 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek footballer defensive midfielder. He currently plays for Kallithea F.C. in the Gamma Ethniki.

</doc>
<doc id="9737467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737467" title="Episcopal Diocese of East Tennessee">
Episcopal Diocese of East Tennessee

The Episcopal Diocese of East Tennessee is the diocese of the Episcopal Church that geographically coincides with the political region known as the Grand Division of East Tennessee. The geographic range of the Diocese of East Tennessee was originally part of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee, which was partitioned into three separate dioceses during 1982–1985. It is headquartered in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Statistics.
Included in the diocese are 34 counties in East Tennessee and three counties in northern Georgia, with the Cumberland Plateau forming the western border. Forty-five congregations compose the diocese, with the bishop's seat at St. John's Cathedral in Knoxville. The cathedral was an existing parish that the diocese designated as its see after the secession from the statewide diocese. The diocese maintains weekday offices at a site in western Knoxville, adjacent to the Episcopal School of Knoxville.
History.
When a number of planters from Virginia and North Carolina brought their Anglicanism with them to Tennessee, they largely bypassed the rugged, mountainous terrain of the eastern part of the state, in favor of fertile lands in the middle and western parts of the state to grow tobacco and cotton. Therefore, prior to the Civil War, only a few towns in the region had Episcopal congregations. It was not until well into the 20th century that significant growth occurred in East Tennessee, facilitated in large measure by mission-minded bishops and priests.
Prior to the division of the diocese, the seat of the bishop was St. Mary's Cathedral in Memphis, over 250 miles away from most of the eastern part of the state. However, by the 1960s, the statewide diocese had offices in Memphis, Nashville, and Knoxville, staffed by a diocesan and two suffragan bishops, one of each stationed in one of the offices (although one of the bishops, Knoxville-based William E. Sanders, was actually a bishop coadjutor). When Sanders succeeded John Vander Horst as diocesan in 1977, talks began to separate the statewide diocese into three territories; the plans were approved by the General Convention in 1982. First, the western counties of the state were excised to form the Diocese of West Tennessee, in 1983. Then, two years later, the East Tennessee diocese came into existence. Bishop Sanders, having the choice to stay with the continuing mid-state diocese or become the new diocese's first bishop, chose to remain in Knoxville, where he had been stationed for years. He became the inaugural diocesan until his retirement, when he was succeeded by Robert G. Tharp. The Rt. Rev. Charles G. vonRosenberg was the third bishop of East Tennessee, until his retirement in 2011. The present bishop, George D. Young, was elected on February 12, 2011, and subsequently consecrated on June 25, 2011, in Knoxville.
Unlike some nearby Southern dioceses, the East Tennessee diocese has not undergone significant turmoil and division due to controversies stemming from the consecration of a practicing homosexual, Gene Robinson, to the episcopate of the Diocese of New Hampshire in 2003. This is largely because the main constituencies protesting the action, evangelicals and conservative Anglo-Catholics, have relatively little presence in the diocese, most of whose parishes and missions prefer a tolerant, Broad Church understanding of doctrine and practice. 
There are approximately 150 clergy in the diocese, including those serving congregations, non-parochial and retired priests, and deacons. A preponderance of the diocese's communicants reside in the metropolitan areas of Knoxville and Chattanooga; however, the church is well represented in the small towns of the diocese, probably to a greater extent than the territories of the other two dioceses in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="9737470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737470" title="Audrey Chapman">
Audrey Chapman

Audrey Chapman (March 2, 1899 – August 10, 1993) was an actress in motion pictures of the silent film era from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Chapman was educated in Philadelphia and Los Angeles, California. She went from a finishing school directly into movies. In "The Money Changers" (1920) she played the character of Mary Holmes in a photoplay written by Upton Sinclair. The setting is the "Oriental underworld" of New York City. Chapman dons twenty-two gowns in all, ranging from filmy negligee to elaborate fur-trimmed costumes.
She was among the cast of "Wildfire" (1921), based on a Zane Grey novel. Two complete producing crews shot the movie, which was an outdoor narrative. The setting was the mythical Spanish state of "Chinora". An American mining engineer is drilling for oil there. In her final movie, "Garrison's Finish" (1923), Chapman was paired with Jack Pickford. The story was about the race track and racing.
Between 1918 and 1923 Chapman has ten screen credits in a brief Hollywood film career. Other movies in which she acted include "Her Country First" (1918), "Daddy-Long-Legs" with Mary Pickford, "Black Sheep" (1921), and "Golden Dreams" (1922).
Audrey Chapman died in Riverside, California in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9737471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737471" title="Elena Nikolaidi">
Elena Nikolaidi

Elena Nikolaidi (; June 15, 1909 – November 14, 2002) was a noted Greek-American opera singer and teacher. Nikolaidi sang leading mezzo-soprano roles with major opera companies worldwide and made numerous recordings.
Her birth year is given as 1906 in some sources.
Early life and musical study.
Elena Nikolaidi was born in Smyrna, Ottoman Empire (which is now İzmir, Turkey). In 1922, after the invasion of Turkey in Smyrna, she moved with her family to Greece. She studied voice on scholarship at the Athens Conservatoire under Thanos Mellos. She made her debut with orchestra in Athens in a performance conducted by Dimitris Mitropoulos. Her first stage appearance was in the premiere of "The Ghost Bridge" by Theophrastos Sakellaridis.
Nikolaidi married Mellos, her voice instructor, in 1936. However, she would retain "Elena Nikolaidi" as her professional name.
Career.
In 1936, Nikolaidi traveled to Vienna to compete in the Belvedere vocal competition. She placed fourth but earned a second hearing with the great conductor Bruno Walter, which resulted in her being cast as Princess Eboli, a leading role, in Verdi's opera "Don Carlos" with the Vienna State Opera on December 16, 1936. Nikolaidi was "an instant, memorable success." She became a star in Vienna; after one performance as Carmen she received an ovation reported as being between 15 and 30 minutes in length—the longest ever recorded there.
In 1948, Nikolaidi came to the United States with her husband and their son, Michael. She made her Town Hall debut recital in New York City in January 1949. The following morning, Jerome D. Bohm of the "New York Herald Tribune" wrote: "In 20 years of music reviewing and in twice that number spent in listening to most of the world's best singers, I have encountered no greater voice or vocalist"; the "New York Times" critic wrote of her "rare brilliance." She made her American operatic debut as Amneris in Verdi's "Aïda" with the San Francisco Opera and reprised the role for her Metropolitan Opera debut in 1951 alongside the debut of George London. In the early 1960s she retired from opera but continued concertizing extensively for a number of years.
Teaching career.
In 1960, Nikolaidi accepted a position on the voice faculty of Florida State University in Tallahassee. In 1977, she came to Houston, Texas, as the primary voice instructor for the newly established Houston Opera Studio, a young-artist training program that was at that time a joint venture of Houston Grand Opera and the University of Houston; she also instructed a select few university students who were not in the HOS program. Nikolaidi's students have since sung major roles in many of the leading opera houses of the world. Among her most successful protégés are Bruce Fowler, Richard Paul Fink, Bruce Ford, Denyce Graves, Janice Grissom, Fernando del Valle, Jason Alexander (tenor), Eric Halfvarson, Diane Kesling, Edrie Means, Susanne Mentzer, Erie Mills, Robynne Redmon, Chris Pedro Trakas, Samuel Welch, Stella Zambalis, and Linda Zoghby.
Death.
Madame Nikolaidi retired from teaching in 1994 and moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico where she died at 92 years of age in 2002.
Recordings.
Elena Nikolaidi made numerous recordings. A small selection is listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="9737483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737483" title="CBS Children's Film Festival">
CBS Children's Film Festival

"CBS Children's Film Festival" is a television series of live action films from several countries that were made for children (several of them dubbed into English). Originally a sporadic series airing on Saturday mornings, Sunday afternoons, or weekday afternoons during the summer from 1967, it became a regularly scheduled program in 1971 on the CBS Saturday morning lineup, running one hour with some films apparently edited down to fit the time slot. The program was hosted by 1950s television act Kukla, Fran and Ollie, aka puppeteer Burr Tillstrom and actress Fran Allison.
Kukla, Fran and Ollie were dropped from the series in 1977 and the program was renamed "CBS Saturday Film Festival". In 1978 CBS canceled the show in favor of the youth targeted magazine "30 Minutes" which was modeled after its adult sister show "60 Minutes". CBS canceled "30 Minutes" in 1982 and brought back "Saturday Film Festival" which ran for two seasons until CBS cancelled it for good in 1984.
Perhaps the most famous "episode" of the series was the 1960 British film "Hand in Hand", the story of a deep friendship between two elementary school students, one a Roman Catholic boy and the other a Jewish girl. 
In addition to many American and British films, the series also featured motion pictures from Russia, France, Bulgaria, Japan, Sweden, Italy, China, Australia, South Africa, and Czechoslovakia as well as several other countries. 
Other films that aired during the series run include the Oscar-winning French film "The Red Balloon", "Skinny and Fatty" from Japan, "Digby, the Biggest Dog in the World" from Great Britain, "Tillie, the Unhappy Hippopotamus" from Czechoslovakia, and "Mi-Mi, the Lazy Kitten" from China.
Screen movie and TV legend Ray Bolger of the MGM classic film "The Wizard of Oz" even served as narrator for some of the episodes during the show's 1980s run.

</doc>
<doc id="9737503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737503" title="Iron Butterfly (disambiguation)">
Iron Butterfly (disambiguation)

Iron Butterfly is an American psychedelic rock band best known for the 1968 hit "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida". 
Iron Butterfly may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9737505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737505" title="Tactical Vehicle Crime Unit">
Tactical Vehicle Crime Unit

Tactical Vehicle Crime Unit is a unit set up as part of Greater Manchester Police's Road Policing Unit (RPU) to combat vehicle crime in the metropolitan county of Greater Manchester in North West England. The unit uses high powered, unmarked vehicles, including Subaru Impreza rally cars with hi- tech equipment including the ProVida camera system and audio/ visual warning systems.
The TVCU featured on the BBC One documentary "X Cars" in the 1990s and later "Car Wars" in 2006 and early 2007. The producer of X Cars later made a similar set of shows following Thames Valley Police's "Pro- Active Team", and, recently, an elite unit within Devon and Cornwall Constabulary in the Sky series "Road Wars".

</doc>
<doc id="9737542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737542" title="Association of Young Irish Archaeologists">
Association of Young Irish Archaeologists

The Association of Young Irish Archaeologists, or AYIA was founded in Belfast in 1968 by a group of students from Queens University Belfast.
Membership is automatic for individuals who are members of the AYIA's affiliated societies in the various Universities, Institutes and Colleges around the country, however, recent graduate students and those relatively new to the profession are also eagerly encouraged to participate. 
The AYIA governing council is elected annually from representatives from the University, Institute or College where the next conference is planned to take place. 
The purpose of the association is to further communication and co-operation between interested parties, to provide a forum for new ideas and to foster interest and enthusiasm for archaeology at a 'junior' level in Ireland. As is clear from this, the use of the word 'young' is somewhat misleading as the AYIA's members may include individuals of any age who are undergraduates, postgraduates or relatively new to the profession and related disciplines.
The most important event that the AYIA runs is its annual conference which is held by one of the participating Universities within the Republic of Ireland or Northern Ireland. The conference usually consists of an opening lecture and wine reception on the Friday evening, followed by a day of twenty-minute lectures on the Saturday and a local fieldtrip on the Sunday, the conference is often held in February or March. 
The level of activity of the AYIA has fluctuated somewhat since its inception, demonstrated by the lack of an annual conference some years. The conference, however, is the association's main event and is hosted in rotation by the various student societies.
Participants.
Representatives from the different archaeological companies in Ireland may also participate as can archaeologists who are not affiliated with any particular institution. 

</doc>
<doc id="9737574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737574" title="Adonis Juvenile Novices' Hurdle">
Adonis Juvenile Novices' Hurdle

The Adonis Juvenile Novices' Hurdle is a Grade 2 National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which is open to horses aged four years. It is run at Kempton Park over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are eight hurdles to be jumped. The race is for novice hurdlers, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late February.
The event serves as a principal trial for the Triumph Hurdle in March. Since 1988 six horses have won both races – Mysilv, Katarino, Snow Drop, Penzance, Soldatino and Zarkandar. Prior to 1994 the race was known as the Tote Placepot Hurdle.

</doc>
<doc id="9737584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737584" title="Bath Chronicle">
Bath Chronicle

The Bath Chronicle is a weekly newspaper, first published under various titles before 1760 in Bath, England. Prior to September 2007, it was published daily.
History.
Name changes.
The "Bath Journal" was published in 1743, and was renamed "Boddely's Bath Journal". It was renamed "Keene's Bath Journal" in January 1822, and was eventually taken over by the "Bath Herald" in March 1916. The newspaper also originated from the "Bath Chronicle and Universal Register" taking over from the "Bath Advertiser" which was published from 1755.
By 1919 it had changed its name to the "Bath and Wilts Chronicle" as a result of a merger with another paper. The "Bath Herald" was merged with the "Bath Chronicle" in 1925 to become the "Bath Chronicle and Herald", amended in 1936 to "Bath Weekly Chronicle and Herald". 
The early 1960s was a time for another minor name change to "Bath and Wilts Evening Chronicle".
In October 2007, the "Bath Chronicle" switched from daily to weekly publication, every Thursday.
The paper celebrated its 250th anniversary in October 2010, publishing a special supplement to mark the occasion.
Ownership.
In 2012, Local World acquired owner Northcliffe Media from Daily Mail and General Trust. It is published as part of the Bath Newspapers Group. Its circulation reaches the population of Bath and the surrounding areas including parts of Wiltshire and Somerset.
Associated publications.
A series of weekly supplements included the Property Chronicle, the Bath Observer and the Norton Radstock & Frome Observer. The Observer supplements ceased publication in 2008.
A Georgian Newspaper Project has developed a database which contains information from the Bath Chronicle for the years 1770–1800.

</doc>
<doc id="9737616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737616" title="List of larger indigenous peoples of Russia">
List of larger indigenous peoples of Russia

The list of larger indigenous peoples of Russia includes extant indigenous peoples in the territory of Russia which are not listed in the official List of small-numbered indigenous peoples of Russia.
Titular nations.
This sublist includes indigenous peoples of Russia which are titular nations, i.e., peoples who gave rise to the names of national entities: independent states or autonomous areas.
Indigenous peoples of Dagestan.
This small republic has a relatively large number of ethnic groups and languages. According to a 2000 decree of the government of Russian Federation, Dagestan was supposed to compile their own list of small-numbered indigenous peoples, to be included in the overall List of small-numbered indigenous peoples of Russia The peoples below do not fall under the criteria of the decree.

</doc>
<doc id="9737622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737622" title="Curt Schmidt">
Curt Schmidt

Curtis Allen Schmidt (born March 16, 1970, in Miles City, Montana) played one year of Major League Baseball in for the Montreal Expos. During his eleven games, he pitched ten and one third innings, allowing 15 hits and eight runs.

</doc>
<doc id="9737624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737624" title="1998 in spaceflight">
1998 in spaceflight

References.
Footnotes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9737625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737625" title="Museo Nacional de Historia">
Museo Nacional de Historia

The Museo Nacional de Historia (MNH or "National Museum of History") is a national museum of Mexico, located inside Chapultepec Castle in Mexico City. The Castle itself is found within the first section of the well known Chapultepec Park.
The Museum hosts twelve showrooms that house objects from various stages in Mexican history, including the foundation of the Spanish Empire (known in Mexico as “The Conquest”), the New Spain and the Viceregal era (known in Mexico as “The Colonial epoch”), the Mexican War of Independence, the Reform movement and the Revolution of 1910. 
On the top floor, in addition to a library, there are two sections with dioramas recreating rooms of the castle during the time when Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico (von Habsburg) lived there with his wife Princess Charlotte of Belgium, also known as Empress Charlotte (Carlota) of Mexico.
The museum also hosts a garden area and an old observatory. It is open Tuesday through Sunday from 9:00 am to 5:00pm.

</doc>
<doc id="9737635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737635" title="Tim Ryan (American football)">
Tim Ryan (American football)

Timothy Edward Ryan (born September 8, 1967 in Memphis, Tennessee) is a former National Football League defensive tackle. He is currently a radio color analyst for the San Francisco 49ers, and previously an NFL analyst for Fox television and co-host of "Movin' the Chains" on Sirius XM NFL Radio.
High school career.
Tim played for the Oak Grove Eagles high school varsity football team from 1984 to 1987 where he started on both the offensive and defensive line and was a Mercury-News All-CCS selection.
College career.
A two-time All-American (1988, 1989) at the University of Southern California, Ryan is the all-time leading tackler in school history. The former team captain led the Trojans to three Rose Bowls and holds the team season-record for sacks with 20.
Ryan started the season opener against Illinois in 1986 as the first true freshman since Riki Ellison in 1978.
Professional career.
Ryan was a third-round draft choice (61st pick overall) in the 1990 NFL draft and played for the Chicago Bears between 1990 and 1993.
Sportscasting career.
Ryan has been commenting NFL games since 2002. For 11 years, he served as a color analyst for "NFL on Fox" telecasts, teaming with various play-by-play announcers including Chris Myers, Sam Rosen, Curt Menefee, and Ron Pitts. Ryan also teamed with Rosen for the 2010 Orange Bowl and with Matt Vasgersian for the 2009 Orange Bowl, replacing Terry Donahue and Pat Haden. He also worked for Sirius NFL Radio (Channel 88), hosting "Movin' the Chains" from 3-7pm with Pat Kirwan and doing analysis for San Francisco 49ers preseason games. He is a regular contributor to KGMZ radio ("95.7 The Game") in the Bay Area.
It was announced by Pat Kirwan during the September 2, 2013 broadcast of "Movin' the Chains" on SiriusXM radio that Ryan had accepted an enhanced opportunity with FOX Sports and would not be returning to "Movin' the Chains". His hosting duties in that show were partially assumed by co-host Jimmy Miller, former NFL quarterback and current regular contributor to several Sirius NFL Talk radio broadcasts.
In January 2014 it was announced that Ryan was leaving FOX Sports to replace Eric Davis as color analyst for the San Francisco 49ers radio network. Ryan will team with play-by-play announcer Ted Robinson on the broadcasts.

</doc>
<doc id="9737671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737671" title="Hand in Hand (film)">
Hand in Hand (film)

Hand in Hand is a 1960 British dramatic film about the friendship between two young children, one a Catholic boy about nine, the other a 7-year-old Jewish girl.
"Hand in Hand" was released theatrically in the United States in 1961 by Columbia Pictures but it is perhaps best known by its several airings on the CBS Children's Film Festival between 1968 and 1972.
Plot.
Michael O'Malley (Needs), rushes to his priest to tearfully inform him that he has accidentally killed his closest friend, Rachel Mathias (Parry). The story is told in flashback as Michael recounts their friendship, when he first befriended Rachel after she was bullied at school. They quickly become the best of friends. The young children decide to become "blood brothers" by pricking their fingers and rubbing the blood together. They set off for an adventure, hoping to go to London to visit the queen, but instead are picked up by a kindly elderly lady (Sybil Thorndike) who takes them to her home for tea, pretending that she is a princess and that her mansion is one of the queen's homes, but that the queen is currently away. Her amiable deception goes over perfectly, and the children have a great time visiting with her.
Michael and Rachel are aware that they go to church on different days and their religions are somewhat different, but they do not ponder the specifics. However, when a somewhat overbearing and destructively-outspoken classmate informs Michael that Rachel is Jewish and that "the Jews killed Christ", an outraged Michael rushes to Rachel at their clubhouse and angrily confronts her, "You killed Jesus!" Rachel is shocked and insistently denies it: "I don't even know Jesus." Michael and Rachel conclude that God is angry at them for becoming friends, but they are not sure if He will forgive them. They decide to attend church with each other to see if God is mad at them, believing they will die if He does not want them to go to each other's church. Michael sneaks into the synagogue with Rachel the next Saturday and is somewhat puzzled and intimidated by the ceremony, but he stays and seems to like it as time goes on, especially after a kindly rabbi shows him a passage in the Torah that speaks of God's love shielding him from all fear. The next day, Rachel goes with Michael to his church, and while Rachel is initially somewhat unnerved by the services and statues, she too feels more comfortable after a while.
Having concluded it is acceptable to God that they remain friends, Michael and Rachel decide to take an inflatable raft on the Thames River for their next adventure, a trip to Africa. All goes well at first as Michael paddles and the raft drifts leisurely and makes smooth ripples on the calm water, but then when the raft enters a dangerous area of the river with a swifter flow and strong rapids, Michael loses control of the raft, and Rachel is knocked overboard. Due to the stronger current and the riverbank's dense underbrush in which Rachel has become entangled, Michael has great difficulty reaching Rachel, but at last pulls her out of the river; however, she is limp and unresponsive. Fearing the worst, Michael frantically rushes to get help, and adults in the area call for an ambulance. The film then returns to the present moment with Michael in his grief-stricken state, and telling the priest that he's killed Rachel. The priest comforts him and tells him that Rachel may be all right, and then accompanies him to Rachel's home to see how she is. They are met at the front door by Rachel's rabbi who is leaving, and he informs them that Rachel has pulled through and is recovering well, but that perhaps it would be better to wait till tomorrow to visit her. Michael, immensely relieved, rushes home happy that his little friend is alive, and the priest and the rabbi --- acknowledging that their respective religions hold more in common than they may have realised before --- speak warmly to each other before walking away in different directions.
Awards and nominations.
The film won 14 international film awards including a special Golden Globe award for "Best Film Promoting International Understanding." Director Philip Leacock was also a top 20 finalist among 1961 theatrical motion pictures for "Best Achievement in Directing" by the Directors Guild of America.
Directors Guild of America
Golden Globe Award
DVD.
The film was released on DVD for the first time on 5 October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9737681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737681" title="Bachdenkel">
Bachdenkel

Bachdenkel were an English rock group which came to life in and around the King's Heath area of Birmingham in the late 1960s, evolving out of a combo called "U No Who".
Their name was produced by computer - an innovative use of new technology in those days - and they were one of the seminal bands on the Birmingham scene during the late 1960s, which saw the development of psychedelic culture and electric rock music. They had close links with the Birmingham Arts Lab, a venue for experimental artists of all types, and often performed with a full psychedelic light show.
Following a publicity campaign which included subverting a large department store's marketing logo and a photoshoot with a piano in a local fountain, they left the country. They subsequently found themselves in Paris, long the refuge of revolutionary artists and artistic revolutionaries. After the events of May 1968, France was ready for new ideas and new music and English rock bands were much in vogue at the time.
Bachdenkel settled in France and over the next decade went on to produce two albums: the first of these, "Lemmings", is generally regarded as their best. At times in their career, they shared the billing with Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath amongst others and provided the music for a modern ballet.
"Rolling Stone" magazine once called Bachdenkel "...Britain's greatest unknown group".

</doc>
<doc id="9737684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737684" title="Clip and scotch">
Clip and scotch

To clip and scotch a set of railway points (Amer. a "switch") uses two pieces of equipment to temporarily lock a set of points into a particular position. The "point clip" clamps the end of a moving rail (the switch rail) of a set of points to its associated stock rail, and the "scotch" is a timber wedge used to ensure that the other moving rail is kept away from its associated stock rail. In this way the points are fixed in either the 'normal' or 'reverse' positions and cannot be moved by the usual setting mechanisms. For infrequently used points, this guards against mechanical failure of the points leaving them in a condition to derail trains. The 'clip and scotch' method can also be used to positively deny access to the turnout or mainline.
A 'scotch block' is not used, as this is a different piece of equipment clamped to a rail used to ensure that stationary railway vehicles do not move, with much the same function as used to keep aircraft stationary.
In North America the term Spike and Wedge is used as instead of a clip, a rail spike is driven through a hole set in the metal base plate that is located flush up against the switch rail, holding it in place against the stock rail. The block of wood set in the open gap is known as the wedge and is functionally equivalent to a scotch.

</doc>
<doc id="9737686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737686" title="Blackwater River State Forest">
Blackwater River State Forest

The Blackwater River State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The 189,848 acre (768 km²) forest is located in the panhandle, northeast of Pensacola. Blackwater River State Forest is one of the largest state forests in Florida, and is named for the Blackwater River, which begins to the north in Alabama and meanders approximately southwestward through the forest into Blackwater Bay, near Milton, Florida. The Blackwater River is one of the few shifting sand bottom streams which remains in its natural state for nearly its entire length. The topography of the forest is gently rolling and contains various natural communities. Blackwater River State Forest is known for its longleaf pine/wiregrass ecosystem, which, in combination with the Conecuh National Forest to the north and Eglin Air Force Base to the south, is the largest contiguous ecological community of this type in the world. 
This system once covered over in the southeastern United States coastal plain area. Less than 3 million of the original acreage now remains. Longleaf pine communities are rich in plant and animal life, including many classified as endangered, threatened, or species of special concern. The forest lies on the southern tip of sandy, red clay soil deposited over west Florida. Erosion shaped the land's surface into low rolling hills separated by meandering water courses and broad flood plains. Elevations within the forest range from to above sea level. The changes in soil composition and the varying degree of moisture present in the forest support at least five principal types of plant communities: longleaf pine-scrub oak, slash pine, swamp hardwood, loblolly pine-hardwood, and Atlantic white cedar.
One of the many outstanding features on Blackwater River State Forest is the many beautiful streams that meander throughout the forest. The most notable of these waterways are Blackwater River, Juniper Creek, Coldwater Creek and Sweetwater Creek. Canoeing on these waterways is a popular activity.Throughout the northern ranges of the forest where soil types retain more moisture, you will find vegetative species such as: longleaf pine, southern red oak, water oak and dogwood. In the southern ranges of the forest where soil types are coarse with little capacity to hold water you will find vegetative species such as: longleaf pine, turkey oak, post oak, bluejack oak and persimmon. Wiregrass, gallberry, yaupon, wax myrtle and blueberry are common understory species. Bottomlands support such species as water oak, sweetbay, redbay, titi, American holly, Atlantic white cedar and southern magnolia.
Within the forest, pitcher plant bogs are unique areas containing a diversity of carnivorous plants which lure, trap and then digest insects. The carnivorous plants of the forest include glistening sundews, butterworts, bladderworts, and four species of pitcher plants. Pitcher plants trap insects in their erect trumpet- shaped leaves with an array of downward pointing hairs and a slippery wall, which lead down to a deadly bath of rainwater and digestive enzymes.Through sound multiple-use management practices, the Florida Division of Forestry maintains a proper balance between resource utilization and resource protection. These practices include management of timber production and harvesting, watershed protection, management and enhancement of wildlife habitat, a management program for plants and animals that are endangered, threatened, or species of special concern, and recreation resource management.
Longleaf /pine wiregrass management is dependent upon an active prescribed fire program. The use of fire during the growing season is an effective tool in controlling hardwoods and promoting wiregrass flowering. Fire also helps to control brown spot needle blight on young longleaf pine seedlings, to improve wildlife habitat and control hardwood encroachment in sensitive areas such as pitcher plant bogs or red-cockaded woodpecker clusters. It also contributes to the restoration and maintenance of biological communities, and reduces the hazard of wildfire.
The prescribed burn program on Blackwater River State Forest enhances the habitat of native fauna and flora by controlling the hardwoods and underbrush that can replace the variety of fragile species living on the forest. Control burning allows for the maintenance of the largest remaining fragment of longleaf pine/wiregrass ecosystem in the world.
Timber management practices on Blackwater River State Forest are important in the restoration and maintenance of forest ecosystems and provide a variety of socioeconomic benefits to Floridians. Thousands of acres of slash pine plantations are being converted back to longleaf pine which historically dominated Blackwater River State Forest's sandy soils. Harvesting activities follow Silviculture Best Management Practices (BMPs).

</doc>
<doc id="9737725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737725" title="UCI race classifications">
UCI race classifications

The Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), the world's governing body in the sport of bicycle racing, classifies races according to a rating scale.
The rating is represented by a code made of two or three parts and indicates both the type or style of race (the first part), and its importance or difficulty (the second and third parts). The first part can be an integer or an abbreviation, and the second part, when present, are usually integers. Both parts are separated by a period or decimal point (.).
A higher rated race will result in the successful riders receiving more world ranking points.
Road racing.
The first part of the codes to rate a road race is '1' for a one-day race, and '2' for a multi-day (stage) race. They are separated from the second part of the classification, the ranking, by a decimal point. 'HC' ("beyond categorization") is the highest ranking category, followed by '1' and then '2'. For example, a race rated 1.1 equates to a one-day, category 1 race. 
Mountain biking.
There are two possible codes to indicate a mountain bike race rating: 'E' for a single-day race, and 'D' for a multi-day race. There is no decimal point in a written mountain bike classification.
Cyclo-cross.
All cyclo-cross races are identified by the code 'C'. Again, no decimal point is used in the written form of the classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="9737731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737731" title="Executive Schedule">
Executive Schedule

Executive Schedule () refers to the system of salaries given to the highest-ranked appointed positions in the executive branch of the U.S. government. The President of the United States, an elected official, appoints incumbents to these positions, most of them with the advice and consent of the Senate. They include members of the President's Cabinet as well as other subcabinet policy makers. There are five pay rates within the Executive Schedule, usually denoted with a Roman numeral with I being the highest level and V the lowest.
Congress lists the positions eligible for the Executive Schedule and the corresponding level. Congress also gives the president the ability to grant Executive Schedule IV and V status to no more than 34 employees not listed in the law.
The Executive Schedule is linked to the rates of pay for the General Schedule, Senior Executive Service, Senior Level, Senior Foreign Service, and other Federal civilian pay systems, as well as the pay of uniformed military personnel, because various federal laws establishing those pay systems normally tie the maximum amount payable to various levels of the Executive Schedule. Excluding the maximum of 34 employees not listed in the law, there are 683 positions paid under the Executive Schedule. Together, these positions cost the United States $108.1 million.
Calculation of pay rate.
According to , at the beginning of the first pay period for any position under the Executive Schedule, the amount of pay will be adjusted and rounded to the nearest multiple of US$100. If this amount is found to midway between multiples of $100, then it will be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100.
Presidential authority to place positions at levels IV and V.
Per , the President can at any time appoint no more than 34 individuals to pay rates Level IV and V, provided that they are viewed as a necessary change to organization, management responsibility, or workload within a specific agency. This figure is in addition to Level IV and V positions specifically authorized in the bill. However, Senate consent is required and the pay rate takes effect only upon a new appointment to that position. All actions taken during this process are to be published in the "Federal Register", except when it is deemed that such publication would stand in conflict to national security. The President may not take action under this section with respect to a position, the pay for which is fixed at a specific rate by this subchapter, or by statute enacted after 14 August 1964.
The following positions are granted Level IV pay status of the Executive Schedule:
The following positions are granted Level V pay status:

</doc>
<doc id="9737756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737756" title="Triops longicaudatus">
Triops longicaudatus

Triops longicaudatus (commonly called longtail tadpole shrimp, American tadpole shrimp, or rice tadpole shrimp) is a freshwater crustacean of the order Notostraca, resembling a miniature horseshoe crab. It is characterized by an elongated, segmented body, a flattened shield-like brownish carapace covering two thirds of the thorax, and two long filaments on the abdomen. "Triops" refers to its three eyes, and "longicaudatus" refers to the elongated tail structures. "Triops longicaudatus" is found in freshwater ponds and pools, often in places where few higher forms of life can exist. Like its relative "Triops cancriformis", the longtail tadpole shrimp is considered a living fossil because its basic prehistoric morphology has changed little in the last 70 million years, exactly matching their ancient fossils. "Triops longicaudatus" is one of the oldest animal species still in existence.
Classification.
"Triops longicaudatus" is a member of the crustacean class Branchiopoda, which primarily contains freshwater animals with gills on their legs. The class Branchiopoda is divided into the subclasses Sarsostraca, containing fairy shrimp, and Phyllopoda, containing all other members (cladocerans, clam shrimps, and the tadpole shrimp). The subclass name, literally meaning "leaf-footed", is derived from their flat, leaflike appendages. Notostracans are placed in the infraclass Calamanostraca, which also contains the extinct Kazacharthra.
Structure.
"Triops longicaudatus" is usually greyish-yellow or brown in color, and differs from many other species by the absence of the second maxilla. Apart from "Triops cancriformis", it is the only tadpole shrimp species whose individuals display as many as three reproductive strategies: bisexual, unisexual (parthenogenetic), and hermaphroditic; see below. "Triops cancriformis" is easily recognizable by its yellow carapace with dark spots, whilst "T. longicaudatus" individuals have a uniform carapace. The species also appeared about 50 million years later, and, as its name suggests, its elongated tail structures (cercopods) are often nearly as long as the rest of the body; including the cercopods, the body may reach in length.
The head of "Triops longicaudatus" is typical of crustaceans and consists of five segments, but there is a tendency toward reduction of cephalic appendages. The "trunk" is not distinctly divided into thorax and abdomen. Most trunk segments bear appendages. Zoologists find it difficult to decide where the thorax stops and the abdomen begins; the debate is seemingly endless. The first eleven trunk segments each bear a single pair of limbs. They are followed by segments that are fused similarly to those of millipedes, and as a result, each segment bears up to six pairs of limbs. The trunk ends with a region of limbless segments. Some zoologists consider the thorax to consist of the two regions with appendages, and the abdomen the region without appendages. Others believe the region of fused segments to be part of the abdomen. For clarity, this article uses "thorax" to mean the two body regions with limbs.
Carapace.
There is a carapace present, but no cephalothorax, since no thoracic segment is fused with the head. The terms "carapace" and "cephalothorax" often are confused, but should not be. The carapace of crustaceans is a fold of the body wall of the fifth head segment.
Head.
The head bears a pair of dorsal compound eyes that lie close to each other and are nearly fused together. The compound eyes are generally sessile (not stalked). In addition, there is a naupliar ocellus (the "third eye") between them. The compound eyes are on the surface of the head, but the ocellus is deep within the head. All the eyes, however, are easily visible through the shell covering of the head. A distinct horizontal groove, known as the mandibular groove, marks the division between the anterior three head segments and the posterior two. Posterior to it is the cervical groove, marking the division between the head and the thorax.
On the ventral side of the head is a lenslike window, admitting light to the naupliar eye, which is aimed both dorsally and ventrally. The first antennae (antennules) are small, slender filaments on the ventral surface of the head, at about the same level as the eyes. The second antennae are similar and lie laterally to the first. They are nonfunctioning. The large, well-developed mandibles oppose each other across the ventral midline. The opposing surfaces bear strong brownish teeth. As the crustacean periodically opens and closes the mandibles the teeth move apart and close together. Of the usual crustacean head appendages, only the mandibles are well developed. In "Triops longicaudatus", the larger second maxillae are absent, only maxillules being present.
Thorax.
Most of the thoracic appendages resemble each other, but the first eleven pairs are best developed. There is a slight tendency to regional specialization and the first pair of legs is unlike the rest. It is an elongated, cheliped-like structure with a sensory function, while all the other appendages aid in feeding, respiration, and locomotion. In females, the eleventh pair of legs is modified into brood pouches. The many legs posterior to the eleventh pair move the spent feeding and respiratory currents away.
Abdomen.
The posterior 5–14 rings at the end of the body do not bear appendages. At the end of the body is a pleotelson (fusion of the last abdominal segment and the telson) connected to long, multisegmented uropods.
Feeding behavior.
The feeding method of tadpole shrimps is similar to that proposed for the ancestral crustacean. The anterior appendages (second pair to tenth pair) stir sediments and swirl muddy water into the wide, midventral food groove. The "gnathobases" (inward-facing lobes at the base of the leg) guide food anteriorly to the mouth. The large flat exopods (outward-facing lobes at the end of the leg) stir and lift the sediments. Fine silt particles and water escape easily, but large, coarse food particles are torn into smaller pieces by the blade-like, inward-facing lobes called "endopods" at the end of the leg.
Internal anatomy.
The heart of tadpole shrimps is a long dorsal tube in the anterior eleven trunk segments. It has a pair of ostia in each of these segments. Sometimes hemoglobin is present in its blood and the crustacean may be pink as a result. The excretory organs are the paired maxillary glands, located on the segment of the second maxilla. The long looped ducts of these glands can be seen in the carapace. The role of the maxillary glands is primarily osmoregulatory. Nitrogen, in the form of ammonia, is lost by diffusion across the gill surfaces.
Reproduction and development.
Reproduction.
"Triops" "longicaudatus" displays several reproductive strategies. Individuals may reproduce sexually, but this is rare, as most populations are highly male- or female-biased. Parthenogenesis (development from unfertilized eggs) is the most common reproductive strategy. Some populations, however, consist of hermaphrodites who fertilize each other. Different populations display different strategies or combinations of strategies, and may therefore, be considered separate species or subspecies in the future. 
In females, the eleventh pair of legs is modified into egg sacs, where the eggs are carried for several hours. The eggs are released in batches, have a thick shell, and can stand freezing temperatures as well as drought, enabling the population to survive from one season to the next. The eggs have to dry out completely before being submerged in water again in order to hatch successfully; they may remain in a state of diapause for up to 20 years. These eggs may have helped "Triops longicaudatus", as well as other notostracans, to survive the various natural disasters and mass extinctions to date.
Life cycle.
To complete their lives, tadpole shrimps depend on the changing nature of the temporary waters they inhabit. During the dry season (summer and fall), their offspring stay inside the eggs. As the pool fills with rainwater during the winter and spring, they hatch and feed on fairy shrimps and other invertebrates. The first larval stage (the metanauplius) is orange in color. It has a single eye, six legs, and develops through instars (growth stages). Each instar ends with shedding the exoskeleton. The number of segments and appendages increases as "Triops " grow, and they slowly change to greyish-brown. In approximately eight days, they reach maturity and lay eggs. Adult "Triops" die as the pools dry up. "Triops" generally live for about 20–90 days if the pool does not dry up.
Ecology.
"T. longicaudatus" is the most widespread notostracan species, and may be found in western North America, South America, Japan, and several Pacific Islands. It is most active at a temperature of approximately , and is usually found scratching the mud at the bottom of pools, searching for benthic food. Triops collect food particles by straining the water with hairs on their limbs. Loose food particles are collected in a groove running down the underside of the body lengthwise, and held together by a sticky secretion until they are swallowed by their very small (2 mm wide) mouth. The tiny mouth is deep in its underbelly, and while the animal is capable of breaking up plant roots or dead fish, it is incapable of chasing down and eating prey larger than it is.
Diet.
Tadpole shrimps are omnivorous and may eat algae, insects, and other organic debris; they are known to chase very small fry, tadpoles, and oligochaete worms. In general, they eat anything organic that is smaller than they are, which even may include their siblings (they are cannibalistic). In turn, "Triops longicaudatus" are eaten by frogs and birds.
Interaction with humans.
The species is considered a human ally against the West Nile virus, as the individuals consume "Culex" mosquito larvae. They also are used as a biological agent in Japan, eating weeds in rice paddies. In Wyoming, the presence of "Triops longicaudatus" usually indicates a good chance of the hatching of spadefoot frogs. Dried eggs of "Triops" "longicaudatus" are sold in kits to be raised as aquarium pets, sold under the name of "aquasaurs", "trigons" or "triops".
Distribution.
"Triops longicaudatus" is widespread in North America. In Canada, it is found only in the provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba. It is widespread throughout the contiguous United States, Mexico, and Hawaii, but not Alaska. Tadpole shrimps may be found in parts of South America, in (Argentina and Galápagos Islands), the West Indies, and the Pacific Islands, including Japan and New Caledonia. The related European species "Triops cancriformis" is an endangered species in the United Kingdom, and is legally protected under Schedule 5 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 (as amended).

</doc>
<doc id="9737761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737761" title="Protectorate General to Pacify the West">
Protectorate General to Pacify the West

The Protectorate General to Pacify the West, Grand Protectorate General to Pacify the West, or Anxi Protectorate (640–790) was a Chinese outpost established by Tang Dynasty in 640 to control the regions of Tian Shan, the Pamir Mountains and the Tarim Basin. The head office was first established at the Chinese prefecture Xizhou, but was later shifted to Kucha and situated there for most of the period. The Four Garrisons of Anxi were later installed to consort the military government.
List of protector generals.
List of Chinese grand and assistant protectors of Pacify the West:

</doc>
<doc id="9737776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737776" title="CDC25">
CDC25

CDC25 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9737779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737779" title="History of Lycoming County, Pennsylvania">
History of Lycoming County, Pennsylvania

Early inhabitants.
The first recorded inhabitants of Lycoming County were the Iroquoian speaking Susquehannocks. Their name meant 'people of the muddy river' in Lenape. Decimated by diseases and warfare, they had died out, moved away, or been assimilated into other tribes by the early 18th century. The lands of the West Branch Susquehanna River Valley were then chiefly occupied by the Munsee phratry of the Lenni Lenape (or Delaware), and were under the nominal control of the Five (later Six) Nations of the Iroquois.
Otstonwakin.
Madame Montour's village of Otstonwakin or Ostuagy was an important location during the settlement of what is now Lycoming County. Her village at the mouth of Loyalsock Creek on the West Branch Susquehanna River was a stopping point for the Moravian missionaries who were spreading the gospel throughout the wilderness of Pennsylvania during the 1740s. Count Zinzendorf, a missionary being guided by Conrad Weiser with the permission of Shikellamy, came to Ostuagy in 1742.
Madame Montour was known to be a friend of the British. She welcomed the white men who were beginning to migrate into the West Branch Susquehanna River Valley. She also had a great amount of influence with the various Indian tribes as they were feeling the pressure of colonial expansion. Madame Montour remained loyal to the British despite several attempts by the French to bring her over to their side. Historians note that this was remarkable considering the British colonial government sometimes went as long as a year without paying her for her services.
Madame Montour was the mother of three children. A son, Louis, served as a translator during the French and Indian War. He was killed during the war. Her daughter, Margaret, later to be known as "French Margaret" went on to become the leader of "French Margaret's Town" an Indian settlement at the mouth of Lycoming Creek just a few miles up the West Branch Susquehanna River from Madame Montour's village. Her son, Andrew, took over leadership of Otstonwakin upon her death in the late 1740s. Andrew inherited his mother’s gift for languages. He spoke French, English, Lenape, Shawnee, and the Iroquoian languages. Comfortable with both Native Americans and Europeans, he made a good living as a translator for both settlers and local tribes. In 1742 when Count Zinzendorf met Montour, he wrote that Montour looked "decidedly European, and had his face not been encircled with a broad band of paint we would have thought he was one." He also served as a translator with Conrad Weiser and Chief Shikellamy. He was granted of land by the Province of Pennsylvania in the Montoursville area. He was later appointed as a captain in George Washington's army at Fort Necessity during the French and Indian War. Andrew Montour left Montoursville at some point and moved to Juniata County before finally settling on Muntour's Island in the Allegheny River near Pittsburgh.
The Big Runaway.
In the American Revolutionary War, settlements throughout the Susquehanna valley were attacked by Loyalists and Native Americans allied with the British. After the Wyoming Valley battle and massacre in the summer of 1778 (near what is now Wilkes-Barre) and smaller local attacks, the "Big Runaway" occurred throughout the West Branch Susquehanna valley. Settlers fled feared and actual attacks by the British and their allies. Homes and fields were abandoned, with livestock driven along and a few possessions floated on rafts on the river east to Muncy, then further south to Sunbury. The abandoned property was burnt by the attackers. Some settlers soon returned, only to flee again in the summer of 1779 in the "Little Runaway". Sullivan's Expedition helped stabilize the area and encouraged resettlement, which continued after the war.
Fair Play Men.
The Fair Play Men were illegal settlers (squatters) who established their own system of self-rule from 1773 to 1785 in the West Branch Susquehanna River valley of Pennsylvania in what is now the United States. Because they settled in territory claimed by Native Americans, they had no recourse to the Pennsylvania colonial government. Accordingly, they established what was known as the "Fair Play System," with three elected commissioners who ruled on land claims and other issues for the group. In a remarkable coincidence, the Fair Play Men made their own declaration of independence from Britain on July 4, 1776, beneath the Tiadaghton Elm on the banks of Pine Creek.
Fort Antes.
Fort Antes was a stockade surrounding the home of Colonel John Henry Antes, built circa 1778 in Revolutionary Pennsylvania in the United States. The fort was built under the direction of Colonel Antes, who was a member of the Pennsylvania militia. It was on the east side of Antes Creek, overlooking and on the left bank of the West Branch Susquehanna River, on a plateau in Nippenose Township south of modern day Jersey Shore in western Lycoming County. The local militia held the fort for a short period of time, until Colonel Samuel Hunter ordered them to abandon Fort Antes during the Big Runaway. Despite being abandoned and attempts by the attacking British forces to burn it down, Fort Antes was one of only two structures in the valley to survive the Big Runaway.
Lycoming Creek and the Sheshequin Path.
Lycoming Creek and the Sheshequin Path played an important role in the early history of Lycoming County. The path was a major Native American trail in that ran between two Native American villages: French Margaret's Town on the West Branch Susquehanna River (part of modern day Williamsport in Lycoming County) and Sheshequin on the North Branch of the Susquehanna River (modern day Ulster Township, in Bradford County). The path ran north and east along Lycoming Creek in Lycoming County and followed much of Towanda Creek in Bradford County. It was a shortcut between the two main branches of the Susquehanna River and was used by early settlers as well as Native Americans.
Lycoming Creek, which begins in McNett Township also served as a highway of sorts during the colonial era of Pennsylvania's history. The stream was used by early explorers and the Native Americans in the area as a means of travel. They were able to float their canoes down the creek and into the West Branch Susquehanna River. This mode of transportation was considerably faster than walking the path. Conrad Weiser guided Moravian missionaries along the creek and path to reach Onondaga, the capital of the Iroquois Confederacy in 1737. Raiding parties of Indian warriors used the creek and path in 1770 when conducting attacks on the West Branch Susquehanna Valley strongholds of Fort Muncy and Fort Freeland. Colonel Thomas Hartley led the 6th Pennsylvania Regiment up the Sheshequin Path during the American Revolution. Hartley's expedition in 1778 preceded the Sullivan Expedition of 1779. Both Hartley and Sullivan were instrumental in claiming the frontier of Pennsylvania and New York for the forces of the Continental Army. As Hartley and his men passed through Lewis Township, the Sheshequin path was widened. The widening of the path helped to open this area to settlement in the years following the Revolution.
Formation of the county.
Lycoming County was formed from Northumberland County on April 13, 1795. At the time it was formed, the county was much larger than it is today. It took up most of the land that is now north central Pennsylvania. The following counties have been formed from land that was once part of Lycoming County: Armstrong, Bradford, Centre, Clearfield, Clinton, Indiana, Jefferson, McKean, Potter, Sullivan, Tioga, Venango, Warren, Forest, Elk, and Cameron. Lycoming County was originally named Jefferson County in honor of Thomas Jefferson. This name proved to be unsatisfactory. The name change went through several steps. First a change to Lycoming County was rejected, next the name Susquehanna County was struck down as was Muncy County, before the legislature revisited and settled on Lycoming County for Lycoming Creek the stream that was the center of the pre-Revolutionary border dispute.
County firsts.
1615 - The first European in Lycoming County was Étienne Brulé. He was a voyageur for New France. Brulé descended the West Branch Susquehanna River and was held captive by a local Indian tribe near what is now Muncy before escaping and returning to Canada.
1761 - The first permanent homes were built in Muncy. Three log cabins were built by Bowyer Brooks, Robert Roberts, and James Alexander.
1772 - The first gristmill was built on Muncy Creek by John Alward.
1775 - The first public road was built along the West Branch Susquehanna River. The road followed Indian trails from Fort Augusta in what is now Sunbury to Bald Eagle Creek near modern day Lock Haven.
1786 - The first church built in the county was Lycoming Presbyterian church, in what was known as Jaysburg and is now the Newberry section of Williamsport.
1792 - The first sawmill was built on Lycoming Creek by Roland Hall.
1795 - The first elections for Lycoming County government are held soon after the county was formed from Northumberland County. The elected officers were Samuel Stewart; the first sheriff and county commissioners were John Hanna, Thomas Forster, and James Crawford. Andrew Gregg was elected to represent Lycoming County in the United States Congress, William Hepburn was voted to the Pennsylvania State Senate, and Flavel Roan, Hugh White, and Robert Martin served as representatives in the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
1823 - The county government funded the construction of the first bridges over Loyalsock and Lycoming Creeks.
1839 - The first railroad was built. It connected Williamsport with Ralston in northern Lycoming County. The railroad followed Lycoming Creek.
Founders.
The founders of Williamsport—and to an extent, Lycoming County—were Michael Ross and William Hepburn. Both men played a great role in the formation of Lycoming County and the establishment of Williamsport as the county seat.
Michael Ross was born in Scotland on July 12, 1759. He and his mother migrated across the Atlantic Ocean in 1772 and landed in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They became indentured servants to Samuel Wallis, known as the "Land King" of the West Branch Susquehanna River Valley. Wallis had extensive holdings in Muncy Township. Wallis brought Michael Ross and his mother to Muncy Township, where Ross was trained as a surveyor's assistant. Michael Ross must have made a good impression upon Wallis, since Wallis gave Ross of land and a favorable letter of recommendation. Ross quickly became a successful surveyor and farmer. He was able to use his profits to purchase of land along the West Branch Susquehanna River, between Loyalsock and Lycoming Creeks. This land, originally called "Virginia," was to in time become Williamsport, the county seat of Lycoming County.
William Hepburn was in County Donegal, Ireland in 1753. He migrated to the Thirteen Colonies in 1773 or 1774. Hepburn lived in the Sunbury area for a short time before moving up the West Branch Susquehanna River to what is now Duboistown, where he worked for Andrew Culbertson in digging the race for Culberton's Mill. Hepburn also joined the local militia. During the American Revolution, the West Branch Valley came under attack from Loyalist and Indian forces. These attacks were known as the Big Runaway in 1778 and the later Little Runaway in 1779. Hepburn rose to the position of colonel and was the commanding officer at Fort Muncy, Samuel Wallis's fortified home in Muncy Township. Hepburn, reportedly, gave the orders to Robert Covenhoven and Rachel Silverthorn to spread the word of the impending attacks. Following the Big Runaway, Hepburn kept a permanent connection with the Covenhoven family by marrying Crecy Covenhoven, the sister of Robert. Hepburn also bought of land, to the west of Ross's holdings. His land, known as "Deer Park," when combined with Ross's "Virginia," would eventually become Williamsport.
Selection of the county seat.
The selection of Williamsport as county seat was a major controversy in the early history of Lycoming County. It involved a bitter rivalry between an old frontier town and an upstart town that was built on a swamp. The first commissioners and officers of Lycoming County had their first offices and held their first court in Jaysburg (now part of the Newberry section of Williamsport). Jaysburg was on the western side of Lycoming Creek on a high piece of land. The land to the east of Lycoming Creek was known as Deer Park and was quite swampy. Jaysburg was at the time the only sizable village west of Muncy. Although Muncy was and still is in Lycoming County, it was not considered as an option for county seathood, possibly due to its proximity to the southern and eastern borders of the county. Jaysburg's buildings were sufficient to serve as the first courthouse and jail in the history of Lycoming County. It seemed to be the most logical place for establishing a county seat, and many of its residents were sure that their town would indeed be the county seat. This was not to be. The county seat was awarded to a new community across the creek and Jaysburg soon disappeared from the map; its land was absorbed by the new city of Williamsport.
One of the first county judges, William Hepburn, owned the land on the opposite shore of Jaysburg that was known as Deer Park. Another land speculator, Michael Ross, owned of land in what is now the central part of Williamsport. Ross had laid out a town on his property, and a few homes were being built. Ross and Hepburn would team together to create Williamsport from land that was swampy and thought to be uninhabitable by the Susquehannocks who had originally inhabited the West Branch Susquehanna River Valley. Ross wanted to sell his properties and rightly believed that they would quickly sell if his town was made county seat. Hepburn, desiring political power, had little money by which to gain that power, but had a lot of land that could also be sold if Williamsport were to become the county seat.
The citizens of Jaysburg saw the attempts by Hepburn and Ross as a threat and they fought back. They believed that Jaysburg was much better suited to be the seat of government. It was already well established and held the higher and drier land. They argued that Williamsport would be frequently flooded and that the swamps would carry deadly diseases. The Jaysburgers sought to prove their point by sending an affidavit to the state capital stating that the land was prone to flooding and thereby unsuitable to be the county seat. A resident of Northumberland wrote an affidavit that he had once "tied up" his boat on a point of land on what is now East Third and State Streets in downtown Williamsport. He accessed it by way of a "gut" or an arm of the river that backflowed into the land. The affidavit was the proof that the Jaysburg interests needed to discredit Williamsport as a possible location for the county seat. Hepburn and Ross heard of this potentially financially devastating document and sought to have it destroyed before it reached the state government. It is supposed that men working for Hepburn and Ross met up with the messenger bearing the affidavit at the Russell Inn on the corner of East Third and Mulberry Streets in Williamsport and got him intoxicated. Then they are said to have cut open his saddle bags and made off with the documents. [http://www.usgennet.org/usa/pa/county/lycoming/history/Chapter-13.html]
The state commissioners by this time had begun to grow very weary of the rivalry between Jaysburg and Williamsport. They began to consider a third possibility for the county seat: a new village that was farther up the West Branch Susquehanna River, west of the mouth of Pine Creek in what is now Clinton County. The town of Dunnsburg even went so far as to offer, free of charge, lots on which to build the buildings that would be required by the county government. It appeared as if the state commissioners would choose neither Williamsport nor Jaysburg, instead choosing the outpost of Dunnsburg. This is when Judge Hepburn and Michael Ross set out their plan that ultimately led toward Williamsport being named the county seat.
Hepburn convinced Ross to offer lots of his property to the state commissioners for the building of a county courthouse and jail. This he believed would induce the state commissioners to give the seathood to Williamsport. Ross is stated to have had little interest in politics, but being a good businessman was interested in selling his land. Ross agreed to Hepburn's suggestion and the lots were offered to the state commission. The state commission accepted the lots, and Williamsport was finally named the county seat of Lycoming County.
When Williamsport was established as the county seat it was little more than a few cabins spread here and there in the aforementioned swampy areas. Jaysburg served as the de facto county seat for several years after Williamsport was "officially" named the seat of government for Lycoming County. This delay became a cause for concern to the residents of county and the state government in Philadelphia. The county commissioners delayed in constructing a courthouse and jail in Williamsport until 1799. The jail was finally opened in 1801. Next the commissioners approved the construction of the county courthouse in Williamsport. Construction also began in 1800 and work was completed in late 1804, nearly ten years after Williamsport was named the county seat.
Susquehanna Boom.
The Susquehanna Boom was a system of cribs in the West Branch Susquehanna River designed to hold timber in the river until it could be processed at one of the nearly sixty sawmills along the West Branch Susquehanna River between Lycoming and Loyalsock Creeks in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The boom was constructed in 1846 under the supervision of James H. Perkins.
A boom is a chain or line of connected floating timbers extended across a river, lake, or harbor (as to obstruct passage or catch floating objects). The Susquehanna Boom extended seven miles (11 km) upstream from Duboistown to the village of Linden in Woodward Township. The boom was constructed by creating a series of man-made islands known as "cribs." These cribs, built of local mountain stone and sunken timber, were stretched diagonally across the river, beginning on the south side near Duboistown and ending on the north side near Linden. The boom was made of 352 separate cribs that were high. The boom was opened and closed at the upper end by a device known as a "sheer boom." It was long and was controlled with a hand-powered windlass. The sheer boom gathered the logs into the main boom that was capable of holding up to 300 million board feet (700,000 m³) of logs. The lower end of the boom was where the logs were sorted. The mills in Williamsport, South Williamsport, and Duboistown each had their own distinctive brand burnt into the logs. The men working at the end of the boom would sort the logs according to their corresponding brand and float them into the correct holding pond along the bank of the river. During the height of the lumber industry in Lycoming County, 1861–1891, the various mills produced 5.5 billion board feet (13 million m³) of lumber. Williamsport became one of the most prosperous cities in Pennsylvania and in the United States. Men like James H. Perkins, Peter Herdic, and Mahlon Fisher became millionaires, while many of the men who actually worked in the river struggled to survive on the wages paid to them by the lumber barons.
Abolition riot of 1842.
The Muncy Abolition Riot of 1842 occurred in April 1842 in Muncy. The riot led to the conviction and ultimate pardoning of 13 men who rioted at a schoolhouse where a now-unknown abolitionist speaker, who had been invited by some local Quakers, spoke against slavery.
One of the common misconceptions about United States history prior to the Civil War is that all the citizens of the northern states were against slavery. In fact, many Northerners were all for slavery, especially in states closer to the Confederacy like Pennsylvania, Ohio and Delaware. There were more than a few abolitionists in Pennsylvania: Enos Hawley, a Quaker citizen of Muncy, was one of the most prominent abolitionists in Lycoming County. Hawley, a tanner by trade, was like most Quakers a strong supporter of the abolition of slavery. Hawley invited the now-unknown speaker to come to Muncy to speak against slavery. This speaker arrived in April 1842. His arrival and coinciding speech set off a tremendous riot that led to the near destruction of a local schoolhouse and the controversial pardoning of the rioters by Pennsylvania Governor David R. Porter.
During the course of the speech, eighteen men gathered outside the schoolhouse. They began throwing rocks and other debris at the school, breaking all of the windows. Enos Hawley and the guest speaker were both injured in the assault. Upon fleeing the school, the abolitionists were pelted with eggs. The rioters followed Hawley and his guest to Hawley's home at the corner of High and Main Streets. They continued the assault on Hawley's home until after midnight, when the local law enforcement officers were able to quell the riot and arrest the rioters. The rioters were indicted in September and went to trial in October; thirteen of the eighteen rioters were found guilty as charged. The jury's deliberation was quite a long process.
Abraham Updegraff was a member of the jury who was the driving force that led to the conviction of the rioters. Updegraff, an ardent abolitionist who was a vital member of the Underground Railroad in Lycoming County, was able to convince his peers that the rioters deserved to be punished. The first jury vote was 11 to 1 in favor of acquittal, with Upedgraff being the lone dissenter. Updegraff argued that "we have been sworn to try this case according to the law and the evidence presented and that if no contradictory evidence offered by the defendants than we could do nothing more than to convict them." He was able to make his argument in German, which was the native tongue of three other jurors. The second vote was 9 to 3 in favor of acquittal. A third vote brought about the conviction of thirteen of the eighteen men charged in the Muncy Abolition Riot of 1842. This conviction was essentially overturned by Governor David R. Porter when he pardoned the rioters several days later. Governor Porter's statement of pardon said, "It is represented to me by highly respected citizens of Lycoming County, that this prosecution was instituted more with a view to the accomplishment of political ends than to serve the cause of law and order."
Porter's pardon message placed the blame for the riot on the abolitionist speaker. Porter stated that the speech was "notoriously offensive to the minds of those to whom they were addressed and were calculated to bring about a breach of the peace." This pardon led to Governor Porter being given the less than flattering nickname of the "Previous Pardonin Porter." Historians believe that Porter pardoned the rioters under political pressure that was rampant, in the years prior to the Civil War, regarding the issue of slavery.
The Underground Railroad.
Daniel Hughes was a conductor in the Underground Railroad based in Loyalsock Township and Williamsport. He was the owner of a barge on the Pennsylvania Canal and transported lumber from Williamsport on the West Branch Susquehanna River to Havre de Grace, Maryland. Hughes hid runaway slaves in the hold of his barge on his return trip up the Susquehanna River to Lycoming County, where he provided shelter on his property near the Loyalsock Township border with Williamsport before moving further north to eventual freedom in Canada. Hughes's home was located in a hollow or small valley in the mountains just north of Williamsport. This hollow is now known as Freedom Road, having previously been called Nigger Hollow. In response to the actions of concerned African-American citizens of Williamsport, the pejorative name was formally changed by the Williamsport City Council in 1936.
The American Civil War.
Soon after the beginning of the American Civil War, United States President Abraham Lincoln called for the northern states to muster 75,000 soldiers. Patriotic fever swept through Lycoming County as the people of the north anticipated what they believed would be a rapid defeat of the rebellious Confederate States of America. Twelve days after Fort Sumter was fired upon, Lycoming County was able to produce three companies of soldiers that totaled 244 men.
The three companies departed from the railroad station near the corner of what is now Pine Street and Little League Boulevard. On that day all businesses in Williamsport closed until the trains pulled away. Two civic bands played at the send-off. The train left the station at 8:30 amid loud cheers and celebration.
The citizens of Lycoming County continued to support the war in various ways as numerous trains passed through Williamsport from points north and west carrying new troops to the battles in the south. Ladies' groups set up tables at the Northern Central Railway depot. Here they were able to feed and encourage the passing soldiers. The tables were heaped with various foods and drinks including cold meat, bread, fresh vegetables, buttermilk, lager beer, and a variety of distilled spirits. Ladies Aid Societies banded together to roll bandages and knit socks, trousers, and shirts for the soldiers.
The exact numbers of soldiers from Lycoming County to serve during the Civil War is unknown. What is known is that 2,481 men from Lycoming County served in the war from May 12, 1863 until April 14, 1865. This count was conducted by the local Congressional District. The landlords and employers of Lycoming County routinely froze rent payments and held the jobs of the departed soldiers. The Lycoming Gazette reported, "Whenever a man quits an employment to go into his country's service his employer will religiously hold the same place open for him until he comes home again."
City History.
Williamsport.
Williamsport is the only city in Lycoming County. It was incorporated as a borough on March 1, 1806, and as a city on January 15, 1866. The city is the original home of Little League Baseball, founded in 1939 as a three-team league.
In the late 19th century, when Williamsport was known as "The Lumber Capital of the World" because of its thriving lumber industry, it also was the birthplace of the national newspaper "Grit" in 1882. Williamsport once had more millionaires per capita than anywhere in the world. The area's local high school, the Williamsport Area High School, uses the Millionaires as its mascot.
Borough Histories.
Duboistown.
Duboistown (pronounced 'doo-BOYS town') is named for its founders John and Mathias DuBois, who bought of land between 1852 and 1857. The DuBois brothers divided their land into parcels and established the village that bears their name. John DuBois left the West Branch Susquehanna Valley before Duboistown was established as a borough. He sold his business interests and moved west to Clearfield County. He became quite wealthy and the city of DuBois was named in his honor.
The town built by the DuBois brothers is by no means the beginning of the history of Duboistown. It is situated at the mouth of Mosquito Run on the banks of the West Branch Susquehanna River. A tribe of Susquehannock Indians had what appears to have been a fairly major settlement at the mouth of the creek. The early European settlers found the remains of an Indian village there. Arhaeologic evidence of earthenware, soapstone ware, pestles, hatchets, ornaments, and charms were found on the land that is across the river from Lycoming Creek and nearby where the Sheshequin Path crossed the river.
The land on which Duboistown is located was first surveyed in 1769. At the time it was known as "Walnut Bottom" for the vast stands of black walnut that covered the alluvial plain on which the borough now stands. Samuel Boone, cousin of Daniel Boone held the first warrant for land at Walnut Bottom.
Andrew Culbertson was one of the first settlers to have success in the Duboistown area. He purchased several tracts of land beginning in 1773, including the parcel owned by Samuel Boone, near the mouth of Mosquito Run. Culbertson is thought to have moved into the by crossing an Indian Trail over White Deer Mountain that is now known as Culbertson's Path. He built a sawmill on the mouth of the creek so after moving to the area and there he lived for several years. Culbertson was forced to flee the area during the American Revolutionary War, when settlements throughout the Susquehanna valley were attacked by Loyalists and Native Americans allied with the British. After the Wyoming Valley battle and massacre in the summer of 1778 (near what is now Wilkes-Barre) and smaller local attacks, the "Big Runaway" occurred throughout the West Branch Susquehanna valley. Settlers fled feared and actual attacks by the British and their allies. Settlers abandoned their homes and fields, drove their livestock south, and towed their possessions on rafts on the river to Sunbury. Their abandoned property was burnt by the attackers. Some settlers soon returned, only to flee again in the summer of 1779 in the "Little Runaway". Culbertson returned to the area and rebuilt his sawmill. He also built a gristmill, distillery, and a press that extracted nut and linseed oils. His gristmill was especially important to the development of the West Branch Susquehanna River Valley. It was easily accessible by canoe. Farmers could float their grain in their canoes or other watercraft right up to the mill. Other farmers from the surrounding valleys reached his mill via Culbertonson's Path. Culbertson saw another business opportunity with the farmers who were coming to his mill. He quickly built a tavern in which the weary farmers could enjoy a drink and get some food while they waited for their grain to be ground into flour. This tavern became a popular destination for the young people of the West Branch Valley. Today Culbertson's Mill and tavern are long gone, and the area is a largely overgrown riverbank with an abandoned softball field surrounded by a railroad, bridge, and woods.
Hughesville.
Hughesville is named for Jeptha Hughes, who purchased land from John Heap in 1816 and laid out the town of Hughesburg. Hughes sold the entire plot in 1820 to Daniel Harrold. The town grew slowly around a gristmill that was constructed by Jacob Clayton. A tavern was built in 1820 and a general store was opened ten years later in 1830. The first doctor in Hughesville, John W. Peale, arrived in 1828. Hughesville was incorporated as a borough on April 23, 1852. The first dentist opened an office in 1853 and the first lawyer settled in Hughesville in 1875.
Early industries in Hughesville were built to serve the farmers and citizens of eastern Lycoming County. They included a chair factory opened in 1829, a wagon shop in 1830, several distilleries, a sawmill and planing mill, and a furniture factory. Electricity was introduced to Hughesville in 1891 along with running water.
Jersey Shore.
Jersey Shore was incorporated as a borough on March 15, 1826. The history of Jersey Shore begins about fifty years before it was incorporated and on the opposite bank of the West Branch Susquehanna River in what is now Nippenose Township. Colonel John Henry Antes arrived in 1772 and established a homestead along the banks of Antes Creek. Antes also built a gristmill and his fortified home, Fort Antes, provided a safe haven for the early settlers against raids conducted by Loyalist and Indian forces during the American Revolution. Settlers who had sought refuge at Fort Antes and had returned to the right bank of the West Branch to milk their cows were among the first killed when Fort Antes was attacked just prior to the Big Runaway. These pioneers on the north side of the river were counted among the Fair Play Men a group of squatters who lived outside the jurisdiction of the colonial and revolutionary governments of Pennsylvania. Many of the settlers did not return to the area until after Sullivan's Expedition had forced the Lenni Lenape and other Indians allied with the British further west.
Jersey Shore was originally named Waynesburg by the two brothers, Reuben and Jeremiah Manning, who laid out the town circa 1785. Around the time that this was happening, a settlement arose on the eastern side of the West Branch Susquehanna River (Nippenose Township), opposite Waynesburg. A rivalry developed between the two settlements, and those on the eastern shore began referring to the settlement on the western shore as the "Jersey Shore," because the Manning family had relocated from New Jersey. The nickname became so fixed that in 1826 the original name of Waynesburg was officially abandoned and changed to Jersey Shore.
Jersey Shore's location on the West Branch Susquehanna River, just downstream from the mouth of Pine Creek, made it an ideal location for traders and other businessmen who outfitted the pioneers who settled the western most portions of the West Branch Susquehanna River Valley and the Pine Creek valley. Thomas Martin was a farmer who sold his produce to the people of Jersey Shore and to the men and women passing through. Mr. Martin was noted for his strong beliefs regarding the prices that he set. For example, if he believed that his potatoes were worth 35 cents a bushel, he would sell them for 35 cents a bushel; no more, no less. If the competitors would sell potatoes for 50 cents a bushel, Martin would not raise his price, and if others lowered the price to 25 cents per bushel, he would not lower his price. This firmness and fairness allowed Thomas Martin to rise to a position of prominence in Jersey Shore and Lycoming County. His reputation for fairness and honesty was passed onto his son Lewis Martin, who went on to serve as a Lycoming County prothonotary and as a deputy U.S. Marshal.
The Reverend John Hays Grier arrived in Jersey Shore in 1814. He was a Presbyterian missionary who originally set out from his home of Doylestown Pennsylvania with the intention of serving the pioneers of the west. He stopped one Sunday in Jersey Shore and for the most part never left. He built a strong at Jersey Shore and another upstream on the West Branch in Lock Haven. Grier served the churches in Lock Haven and Jersey Shore for fourteen years before serving alone at the church in Jersey Shore for an additional twenty-three years. Rev. Grier was also elected sheriff of Lycoming County in 1822.
Jersey Shore was once a major player in the railroad industry. The New York Central Railroad built a large rail car building operation within the boundaries of Jersey Shore in the late 19th century. What had formerly been a minor stop on the Pennsylvania Canal and stagecoach lines was transformed overnight into an industrial boomtown. Over 1,000 skilled mechanics were employed at the car shops. They were able to earn wages that far exceeded the normal income of the average worker in Lycoming County at the time. Other early industrial ventures in Jersey Shore included the American Balance Valve and Machine Works manufacturers of railroad valves, Jersey Shore Steel, the Susquehanna Silk Mill, and the Jersey Shore Creamery Company.
Montgomery.
Montgomery was incorporated as a borough by the Pennsylvania General Assembly on March 27, 1887 from part of Clinton Township. The history of the settlement of Montgomery begins in 1783, when John Lawson established a homestead there. Nicholas Shaffer built a gristmill in Montgomery in 1795. A sawmill and a wool carding mill were other early industries found on Black Hole Creek which flows through Montgomery.
P. M. Barber was the first person to come to Montgomery and establish an industry that achieved any sustainable success. He opened a distillery in 1859 and later a planing mill in 1869 on the site of the distillery. Barber, along with his partners, A.B. Henderson, Jesse Rank, and Nathan Fowler, had so much success that they laid out a town around their mill in 1870. The town was further expanded by the success of Montgomery Machine Shops, which, starting in 1873 under the supervision of Levi Houston, built woodworking machinery that was sold to clients throughout the United States and Canada and as far away as Australia.
Montgomery was previously known as Black Hole for the creek that flows through it; the post office was established in 1836 bearing that name. It was also known as Clinton Mills, again named for the post office. The name Montgomery stems from another name for the same post office, Montgomery Station.
Montoursville.
The earliest history of Montoursville can be read at the "Ostuagy" section of this article or at Madame Montour.
Montoursville was incorporated as a borough on February 19, 1850. The history of the borough begins about forty years prior to its formal incorporation. John Else migrated to the Montoursville area from Bucks County, Pennsylvania in 1807 with his family when he was just ten years old. His father had a farm along Mill Creek in what is now Mill Creek Township. John Else worked to build the first permanent bridge over Loyalsock Creek in 1815. This was the first of many improvements that he helped build to establish Montoursville as a viable community in the West Branch Susquehanna River Valley. Else also built many of the structures in Montoursville, including its first permanent home.
John Burrows is recognized as the founder of Montoursville. He was born near Rahway, New Jersey. In his youth Burrows delivered mail on horseback, riding between New York and Philadelphia. He also served as a courier for General George Washington during the American Revolution for fourteen months. Following the war, Burrows migrated to Muncy and worked in the distilling business for several years. His work at the distilleries enabled him to build up the needed capital to make an investment in some land near the mouth of Loyalsock Creek, what is now Montoursville. Burrows also gained a measure of political clout in Lycoming County, serving first as a justice of the peace before being elected to the county commissioner's post in 1802, and later to the Pennsylvania State Senate in 1808. He bought in 1812. Burrows divided his land into lots in 1820 and sold them for $50.00 each. The first buyers of lots in Montoursville divided themselves into two distinct ethnic groups. The Germans settled in the eastern end in a neighborhood that became known as Coffeetown, while the English settled in the western neighborhood, known as Teatown. In addition to selling the lots in Montoursville, Burrows operated a highly successful farm. His produce was sent by raft down the Susquehanna River and on to Baltimore, where he was able to turn a profit. Burrows used these profits to further his enterprise by building the first gristmill in the town. He continued to sell lots until the time of his death in 1837.
Nathaniel Burrows, son of John Burrows, was another successful businessman in Montoursville's early days. He opened the first general store in the town. He also received the contract for construction of the Pennsylvania Canal in this section of Lycoming County. Nathaniel Burrows was able to influence the construction of the canal so that it ran farther away from the river than usual, and thereby closer to the town and the businesses of Nathaniel Burrows.
Indian Park is located on the northern side of Montoursville and is parallel to Interstate 180/U.S. Route 220. It serves as a large recreational park with several miles of hiking and biking trails, numerous softball fields, picnic areas, and pavilions and fishing ponds. Indian Park was a trolley park during the late 19th century and early 20th century. Visitors from Williamsport would board the trolley in downtown Williamsport and ride to Indian Park to spend a day of recreation along the banks of Loyalsock Creek. The park was home to one of the largest and longest roller coasters on the East Coast of the United States. The park also featured over of ponds, a theatre, and a merry-go-round. The amusement park was ultimately closed in 1924, due in large part to the rising and continued cost of reconstructing the park following the almost-yearly floods on Loyalsock Creek.
Montoursville became famous worldwide when, on July 17, 1996, TWA Flight 800 exploded off East Moriches, New York, with the loss of 230 lives. On board were sixteen students from Montoursville High School and their five adult chaperones who were on a class trip to France as part of a student exchange program.
Condolences came from as far away as Japan, Australia, and Belgium. Tom Ridge, United States Secretary of Homeland Security (2003–2005), was governor of Pennsylvania at the time of the crash, and attended a vigil at the school with his wife. Ridge and New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani would also attend a memorial service honoring the victims. Among those who sent condolences were President Bill Clinton, the U.S. softball team at the Atlanta Olympics, and Francois Bujon de l'Estaing, French ambassador to the United States (1995–2002).
A memorial is located on the grounds of Montoursville High School. It is a statue of an angel (sculpted by James Barnhill of Asheville, North Carolina) on a base engraved with the names of the 21 local victims and a brief history. The memorial is in a circular grove of 21 trees (one for each victim). The angel was chosen because a cloud seen above the high school on July 21, 1996, was thought by many onlookers to resemble an angel, with 21 small clouds at its feet.
Muncy.
About 1787, four brothers Silas, William, Benjamin, and Isaac McCarty, arrived in the Muncy area from Bucks County. They were of Quaker extraction. William and Benjamin bought known as the "John Brady farm" and divided it, William taking the portion between what is now West Water Street and Muncy Creek, and Benjamin the portion between West Water Street and the southern boundary. Main Street now represents what was then the boundary between the Brady farm and Isaac Walton's.
In 1797, ten years after coming to Muncy, Benjamin McCarty conceived the idea of starting a town, and began laying out lots on what is now Main Street, and sold them to different parties. His example was followed by his brother William, north of Water street, and by Isaac Walton. The town was named Pennsborough in honor of the William Penn.
The town grew slowly and was nothing but a village for many years. More than a quarter of a century passed before an act of incorporation was applied for. Finally, by act approved March 15, 1826, it was incorporated as a borough.
On January 19, 1827, with a population of less than 600, the name was changed from Pennsborough to Muncy. This was done because many persons thought it was "too flat and long", and the new name would be more in accordance with the historical associations of the place, and serve to perpetuate the name of the tribe that first dwelt there, a tribe of Lenni Lenape named Monseys.
Picture Rocks.
Picture Rocks was incorporated as a borough om September 27, 1875. But the history of Picture Rocks began long before European settlers first arrived in 1773. The name of the borough is derived from the pictographs that were left by some of the Native Americans who previously inhabited the Muncy Creek valley. The paintings on the cliffs above Muncy Creek have long since disappeared. The town is built upon land that was once a Munsee Indian village. Evidence of this is found in the arrowheads and other relics that have been found in the vicinity of the creek.
The first warrant for property in the Picture Rocks area was issued by the Province of Pennsylvania to Henry Rody on June 3, 1773. The land was used very little and passed through several hands until 1848 when it was sold to A. R. Sprout and Amos Burrows, who went on to become the founding fathers of Picture Rocks. Sprout and Burrows worked to cleared the land that was thought to be worthless of the rocks, logs and brush that covered it. They also rebuilt an abandoned sawmill and established a factory that manufactured sashes, doors, and window blinds. This factory, the first of its kind in the area, caused a stir among the local carpenters who believed that the readymade building materials would curtail their profit-making ability.
The town grew up around the factory, and soon other manufacturers arrived to harness the water power provided by Muncy Creek. People interested in a lot in Picture Rocks were required to sign an agreement stating that they would not open a saloon or engage in the trafficking of liquor. This law was made by the residents and founders of the town, a majority of them being Baptists.
The Baptists of Picture Rocks organized as a in 1840 and met for a while in a school house. A traveling preacher arrived in Picture Rocks one Saturday evening and found the school to be unfit for Sunday gatherings. After delivering his Sunday morning sermon, he rallied the members of the congregation around the cause of building a proper house of worship. Under the guidance of their new pastor, the members of the Baptist Church built a log building that served as their church for 25 years that was replaced by a larger facility.
Salladasburg.
Salladasburg was laid out by Jacob P. Sallade in 1837. He started the town with lots for homes and built a church for use by Lutherans and Presbyterians only. The population of Salladasburg was 374 as of the 1890 census. The borough had a number of stores and shops, one hotel, a gristmill, and tannery. There were two schools and three churches. Salladasburg was incorporated as a borough in May 1883 by the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
South Williamsport.
On November 29, 1886, the Lycoming County court incorporated the villages of Rocktown, Billman, and vicinities as the borough of South Williamsport. The land had previously been part of Armstrong Township.
The first recorded inhabitants of the Susquehanna River valley were the Iroquoian speaking Susquehannocks. Their name meant 'people of the muddy river' in Lenape. Decimated by diseases and warfare, they had died out, moved away, or been assimilated into other tribes by the early 18th century. The lands of the West Branch Susquehanna River valley were then chiefly occupied by the Munsee clan or phratry of the Lenni Lenape, and were under the nominal control of the Five (later Six) Nations of the Iroquois.
The British purchased land from the Iroquois in the Treaty of Fort Stanwix of 1768, opening what is now Lycoming County to settlement. After the American Revolutionary War, Lycoming County was formed from Northumberland County, on April 13, 1795. The county's area was originally over , and several other counties were subsequently formed from it.
Williamsport, across the river from South Williamsport, was also founded in 1795 and chosen as the county seat. The first settler in what is now South Williamsport is believed to have been Aaron Hagerman, a transplanted Hollander, who is thought to have arrived shortly after the end of the American Revolutionary War. Hagermans Run, which flows through the borough, bears his name.
One of the predecessor communities was called Rocktown. And another was Bootstown. One of the first businesses was a tavern established near the mouth of Hagermans Run by Michael McDonough. Another early entrepreneur, Jacob Weiss, gave the village a push toward borough status by purchasing a tract of and laying out town lots. Weiss also established a brickyard near McDonough's tavern and for many years operated an oil mill and a gristmill.
From those early times to the present, South Williamsport's fortunes have been linked to those of Williamsport. Sawmills and furniture factories were among the most prosperous industries in both communities. Planing mills and woodworking factories of all types reached a peak of activity during the logging boom of the post-Civil War years of the last century. The industry gradually declined in the 1890s when the surrounding hills were finally stripped of saleable lumber and the logging crews moved west.

</doc>
<doc id="9737787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737787" title="Frankenstein's Aunt (novel)">
Frankenstein's Aunt (novel)

"Frankenstein's Aunt" is a novel by Allan Rune Pettersson that was first published in Sweden in 1978.
The story is about Hannah Frankenstein, the Baron's aunt who comes to Frankenstein's Castle to put it back in order, following the chaos caused by her nephew's experiments. There she meets the unusual inhabitants of the castle, which apart from Frankenstein's monster, also include Count Dracula and Larry Talbot the werewolf. The book is a homage to the Universal Horror Frankenstein films of the 1930s and 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="9737797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737797" title="Northpark">
Northpark

Northpark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9737802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737802" title="Will Clark (disambiguation)">
Will Clark (disambiguation)

Will Clark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9737803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737803" title="Variable Geo (anime)">
Variable Geo (anime)

On November 29, 1996, KSS released the first chapter of a three-part original video animation. The second chapter was released on March 14, 1997. The third and last chapter was released on June 27, 1997. In 1998 ADV Films released the animation subtitled and dubbed on VHS, and later re-released in 2003 on DVD, as part of the celebration of the "10th Variable Geo Anniversary".
Also, a new OVA series was released in Japan during 2004 called Variable Geo Neo (or "VG NEO"), based in the new Giga game for the "10th Variable Geo Anniversary", with new characters but with the same storyline and in the same VG universe. Also there is a secret character from the first series in this anime.
Plot.
The special of the day is Variable Geo, a brutal battle between waitresses who serve up generous portions of energy blasts and vicious side orders of murderous martial artistry. For buffed beauties who make below-minimum wages, VG is the perfect way to make some fast cash. The victorious walk away with millions, and the defeated lose everything (namely, all their clothes). But this high-stakes sport has dark forces and dubious practices behind the fun and games. Lethal injections make steroids seem like vitamins. Instead of team prayer, there's demonic possession. Athletic sponsors are malevolent corporations with a more frightening agenda than increased market share. It's all just part of the game.
As the story unfolds, it is gradually revealed that Miranda Jahana, once the true power of the Jahana Group now deceased, had secretly created a splinter group within the Jahana Group shortly before her death without her daughter's (Reimi Jahana, now the current president of the Jahana Group) knowledge. The goal of this splinter group was twofold: to find and enhance the most powerful female warrior on Earth and to resurrect Miranda Jahana through this warrior. Members of the splinter group, all of whom worked at various levels and departments of the Jahana Group company hierarchy, were absolutely loyal to Miranda and highly secretive in their efforts to resurrect their leader. By the end of the Variable Geo OVA, the devices containing Miranda's consciousness were destroyed by the V.G. heroines, the files for the Miranda project were also destroyed, and all members of the splinter group were either arrested or killed.
"V.G. NEO" continues after a legendary fight several decades ago to find the strongest waitress, Yu Asuka arranges with her brother-in-law for her to live with him and work in his cafe, suddenly the enormous debt she made with her brother-in-law starts to get too costly. In order to repay her brother-in-law the money, she joins the "Variable Geo League" which is a fight by waitresses among one of the most enormous luxury liners in the world. An unknown sponsor promises enormous prizes for winning, but the loser will have to bear the ultimate humiliations. The maidens who wish to change their fate cannot lose these one-on-one matches or the worst will happen.

</doc>
<doc id="9737810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737810" title="Johnny Balentina">
Johnny Balentina

Randolph Benito ("Johnny") Balentina (born August 8, 1971 in Willemstad, Curaçao) is a Dutch baseball player, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for the Netherlands, starting in 1996 (Atlanta, Georgia). Twice he finished in sixth place (1996 and 2004), once in fifth place (2000).

</doc>
<doc id="9737842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737842" title="BAFTA Award for Best Direction">
BAFTA Award for Best Direction

Winners of the BAFTA Award for Best Direction presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts. John Schlesinger, Roman Polanski, Woody Allen, Alan Parker, Louis Malle, Joel Coen, Peter Weir and Ang Lee tie for the most wins in this category, with two each. Martin Scorsese holds the record for most nominations, with nine.

</doc>
<doc id="9737883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737883" title="Cary State Forest">
Cary State Forest

The Cary State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The 3,413-acre (1,381 ha) forest is located in the northeast, near Jacksonville.

</doc>
<doc id="9737901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737901" title="Frankenstein's Aunt Returns">
Frankenstein's Aunt Returns

"Frankenstein's Aunt Returns" is a novel by Allan Rune Pettersson that was first published in Sweden in 1989. The book is a sequel to the first book "Frankenstein's Aunt". The story is about Franklin (named after Benjamin Franklin) a child created by Doctor Frankenstein with the help of Doctor Pretorius for the monster and his bride. The child is inventive similar like his namesake and has a talent for practical jokes. This leads to conflicts with the villagers again who are far from happy to have another monster in their midst.

</doc>
<doc id="9737902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737902" title="Rob Cordemans">
Rob Cordemans

Rob "Robbie" Cordemans (born October 31, 1974 in Schiedam, South Holland) is a Dutch baseball player. He bats and throws righthanded. Cordemans is best known for representing the Dutch national team at the Olympics and other international competitions.
Olympics.
Cordemans has been a fixture on Dutch baseball teams in international competitions over the last decade. Most notably, he has competed in four consecutive Olympic Games for the Netherlands.
He began his Olympic career as a 21-year old pitcher for the Netherlands at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. Despite his lofty 6.94 ERA, Cordemans was the winning pitcher in both of the club's games during the preliminary round of the tournament.
At the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, Australia, Cordemans was 1-1 with a 2.51 ERA.
Cordemans participated in his third Olympic competition during the 2004 Summer Games in Athens, Greece. His fourth appearance at the Olympic games would come during the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing, China.
Hoofdklasse.
During his debut season in the Honkbal Hoofdklasse in , Cordemans won his first "Pitcher of the Year" award while playing for Kinheim. His 14-2 win-loss record and 2.20 ERA lead the league.
Although Cordemans moved to perrenial powerhouse Neptunus for the season, he was not able to replicate his success from 1999 and his record would decline to 8-4. However, his 94 strikeouts placed him fourth in the league, and an 11-strikeout complete game win over the Italians helped Neptunus to a European Cup title.
In the season, Cordemans went 10-2 with a 0.47 ERA and earned his second "Pitcher of the Year" award.
2007: Taiwan.
Cordemans' had a trial for the Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League in Taiwan for 2007. Cordemans was released On 28 May 2007 and went 3–4 with 4.5 ERA.
2009: World Baseball Classic.
Cordemans was selected once again to represent the Dutch national team at the 2009 World Baseball Classic. During the first round of the tournament held at Hiram Bithorn Stadium in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Cordemans entered two separate games against the Dominican Republic in middle relief.
Cordemans pitched in three games, 6.2 innings pitched, 2 hits allowed, 4 walks, 3 strikeouts, 0.00 ERA.
2.2 IP, 2 H, 1BB, 1 SO in middle relief of 1st game vs. DR
2.0 IP, 0 H, 3BB, 0 SO in middle relief (6th, 6th) of 2nd game vs. DR
2.0 IP, 0 H, 0BB, 2 SO in middle relief (6th, 7th) of 1st game vs. Venezuela

</doc>
<doc id="9737906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737906" title="Ban Phaeng District">
Ban Phaeng District

Ban Phaeng () is a district ("Amphoe") in the province Nakhon Phanom in the northeast of Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise) Tha Uthen, Si Songkhram and Na Thom of Nakhon Phanom Province, and Bueng Khong Long of Bueng Kan Province. To the east across the Mekong river is the Laotian province Khammouan.
History.
Originally the area belonged to the "Mueang" Chaiburi, now part of the Tha Uthen district.
The minor district ("King amphoe") was established in 1948 by splitting it from Tha Uthen district. In 1956 it was elevated to full district status.
1956 the sanitary district ("sukhaphiban") Ban Phaeng was established, which was upgraded to a subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") in 1999.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 6 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 75 villages ("muban"). Ban Phaeng itself has subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") status and covers part of the "tambon" Ban Phaeng. There are further 5 "tambon" Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Missing number are "tambon" which now form Na Thom district.

</doc>
<doc id="9737961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737961" title="Nothofagus betuloides">
Nothofagus betuloides

Nothofagus betuloides, the Magellan's beech and is sometimes known by the common name guindo, is native to southern Patagonia.
In 1769 Sir Joseph Banks collected a specimen of the tree in Tierra del Fuego during Captain Cook's first voyage.
Distribution.
"Nothofagus betuloides" grows from southern Chile and southern Argentina (40°S) to Tierra del Fuego (56°S), specimens from the southern forests resist temperatures down to −20°C (−4°F). It is found from sea level to 500 meters (1600 ft). It is an evergreen tree, up to 25 meters (82 feet), columnar appearance, in its natural environment it tolerates cold winters and absence of heat in summer.
Cultivation.
It succeeds in Scotland. Trees planted in Faroe Islands, which were imported directly from its southernmost distribution in Tierra del Fuego, have turned out to be very hardy.
The wood has beautiful marks, is pinkish, hard, semi-heavy and is used in furniture and building.

</doc>
<doc id="9737985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9737985" title="Thyella-class destroyer">
Thyella-class destroyer

The Thyella class of destroyers were ordered by the Royal Hellenic Navy before World War I when the Greek government embarked on a naval buildup after losing the Greco-Turkish War of 1897. These four ships were ordered from Britain in 1905 and were among the last vessels built at the Yarrow shipyard at Cubitt Town, London, before its move to the Clyde.
The class consisted of four destroyers: "Lonchi", "Nafkratousa", "Sfendoni I" and "Thyella".

</doc>
<doc id="9738011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738011" title="Etoniah Creek State Forest">
Etoniah Creek State Forest

Etoniah Creek State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in North Central Florida, west of Palatka near Florahome. This area is the only known site for "Conradina etonia", an endangered plant.

</doc>
<doc id="9738056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738056" title="Excited delirium">
Excited delirium

Excited delirium is a condition that manifests as a combination of delirium, psychomotor agitation, anxiety, hallucinations, speech disturbances, disorientation, violent and bizarre behavior, insensitivity to pain, elevated body temperature, and superhuman strength. Excited delirium is sometimes called excited delirium syndrome if it results in sudden death (usually via cardiac or respiratory arrest), an outcome that is sometimes associated with the use of physical control measures, including police restraint. 
The diagnosis of Excited Delirium is controversial (see below). 
Signs and Symptoms.
The signs and symptoms for excited delirium may include:
Mechanisms.
The pathophysiology of excited delirium has been unclear, but likely involves multiple factors. These may include positional asphyxia, hyperthermia, drug toxicity, and/or catecholamine-induced fatal cardiac arrhythmias.
Diagnosis.
Other medical conditions that can resemble excited delirium are panic attack, hyperthermia, diabetes, head injury, delirium tremens, and hyperthyroidism.
Epidemiology.
Excited delirium arises most commonly in male subjects with a history of serious mental illness and/or acute or chronic drug abuse, particularly stimulant drugs such as cocaine. Alcohol withdrawal or head trauma may also contribute to the condition.
A substantial majority of fatal case reports involved men, most commonly African American. Excited delirium patients commonly have acute drug intoxication, generally psychostimulants such as cocaine, PCP and methamphetamine.
History.
"Excited delirium" was first explicitly described in 1985 as a condition relating to acute cocaine intoxication.
Prior to this it was referred to as "Bell's Mania"; first described by Luther Bell in 1849.
Controversy.
Lack of classification in DSM.
Excited delirium is not found in the current version of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders". Eric Balaban of the American Civil Liberties Union argued in 2007 that excited delirium was not recognized by the American Medical Association or the American Psychological Association and that the diagnosis served "as a means of white-washing what may be excessive use of force and inappropriate use of control techniques by officers during an arrest." Melissa Smith of the American Medical Association stated in 2007 that the organization had "no official policy" on the condition.
However the term "excited delirium" has been accepted by the National Association of Medical Examiners and the American College of Emergency Physicians, who argued in a 2009 white paper that "excited delirium" may be described by several codes within the ICD-9.
Use to exonerate police restraint and TASER use.
Some civil-rights groups argue that excited delirium diagnoses are being used to absolve law enforcement of guilt in cases where alleged excessive force may have contributed to patient deaths. In 2003, the NAACP argued that excited delirium is used to explain the deaths of minorities more often than whites.
In Canada, the 2007 case of Robert Dziekanski received national attention and placed a spotlight on the use of tasers in police actions and the diagnosis of excited delirium. Police psychologist Mike Webster testified at a British Columbia inquiry into taser deaths that police have been "brainwashed" by Taser International to justify "ridiculously inappropriate" use of the electronic weapon. He called "excited delirium" a "dubious disorder" used by Taser International in its training of police. In a 2008 report entitled "An Independent Review of the Adoption and Use of Conducted Energy Weapons by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police", the authors argued that excited delirium should not be included in the operational manual for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police without formal approval after consultation with a mental-health-policy advisory body.
A 2010 systematic review published in the "Journal of Forensic and Legal Medicine" argued that the symptoms associated with excited delirium likely posed a far greater medical risk than the use of tasers, and that it seems unlikely that taser use significantly exacerbates the symptoms of excited delirium.

</doc>
<doc id="9738058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738058" title="Gilbert Affleck">
Gilbert Affleck

Gilbert Affleck (c. 1684 – 12 November 1764) was a British politician.
He was the son of John Affleck and his wife Neeltice, daughter of Gilbert Schape. Affleck entered the British House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Cambridge in 1722, representing the constituency until 1727 and again from 1737 to 1741.
On 3 November 1705, he married Anna Dolben, daughter of John Dolben, at Westminster Abbey in London. They had twelve sons and six daughters. His second and oldest surviving son John sat also in the Parliament of Great Britain, while his tenth son Edmund was a rear-admiral in the Royal Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="9738060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738060" title="Noel Purcell (water polo)">
Noel Purcell (water polo)

Noel Mary Purcell (25 December 1899 or 14 November 1891 – 31 January 1962) was an Irish rugby union and water polo player. He represented both Great Britain and Ireland as a water polo player at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics respectively. He also played rugby union for Belvedere College, Clongowes Wood College and Ireland.
He is possibly the first athlete to have represented two different nations at the Olympics 
Water polo player.
At the 1920 Summer Olympics Purcell, together with Charles Sydney Smith, Paul Radmilovic, Charles Bugbee, Christopher Jones, William Peacock and William Henry Dean, was a member of the Great Britain water polo team that won the gold medal. Then in 1924 he captained Ireland.
Rugby international.
In the 1921 Five Nations Championship, Purcell played in all four games for Ireland. He made his debut against England on 12 February. He then played against Scotland on 26 February and Wales on 12 March. He made his final appearance for Ireland against France on 9 April.

</doc>
<doc id="9738064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738064" title="Main Operating Base">
Main Operating Base

Main Operating Base (MOB) is a term used by the United States military defined as "an overseas, permanently manned, well protected base, used to support permanently deployed forces, and with robust sea and/or air access." This term was used to differentiate major strategic overseas military facilities versus smaller, less secure or temporarily manned contingency tactical locations such as Forward Operating Bases, Forward Operating Sites or Cooperative Security Locations. The differentiation was established as the Pentagon began to address regional threats primarily in Africa, Asia and Latin America following its 2004 global posture review.

</doc>
<doc id="9738069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738069" title="Only You (Josh Kelley song)">
Only You (Josh Kelley song)

"Only You" is the title of a song written and recorded by American pop singer Josh Kelley. It was released in June 2005 as the first single from his 2005 studio album, "Almost Honest".
Music video.
The female love interest in the video is played by actress Katherine Heigl. The two later became a couple, having met on this video shoot, and were married on December 23, 2007. The music video was directed by Marcus Raboy.

</doc>
<doc id="9738078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738078" title="West Valley, New York">
West Valley, New York

West Valley is a hamlet in the Town of Ashford in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 518 at the 2010 census, which lists the community as a census-designated place.
Located at the intersection of Cattaraugus County Route 53 and State Route 240, the hamlet is home to West Valley Central School and the West Valley Demonstration Project, a nuclear cleanup facility. Because of the presence of a school district, a telephone exchange (716-942), and a post office located in (and named after) the hamlet, many people mistake West Valley to be the name of an actual town or village. However, it does it have any autonomous government separate from the town of Ashford.
Geography.
West Valley is located at (42.4028410, -78.6100253) and its elevation is .
According to the 2010 United States Census, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and is water.
External links.
This webliography covers web sites that will inform individuals about the history of the town and businesses and community organizations within. In addition, because of the interrelatedness and the geographical closeness of the communities in this area the webliography contains information about places around the area that would be of interest to people who want to find out more.

</doc>
<doc id="9738093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738093" title="Fred Grossinger">
Fred Grossinger

Fred Grossinger (January 1, 1936, in Pittsburgh – November 21, 1995, in Los Angeles), best known by his Hollywood name, Fred Holliday, was a stage, film and television actor renowned for his all-American face who starred in over 1,000 TV commercials from the late 1950s through the 1980s.
Holliday made guest appearances on more than 150 television shows. He was one of the "Mighty Carson Art Players" on NBC's "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" for 12 years, performed in the daytime dramas as Ron Wyche in "Days of our Lives", as the manager at the Capwell Hotel in "Santa Barbara", in nighttime dramas such as John Atherton in "Dallas" and was host of a short-lived daytime show, "The Girl in My Life", on ABC in the early 1970s. His movie appearances included "Airport", "A Patch of Blue", "Edge of the Axe" and "A Guide for the Married Man". He played in more than 50 Broadway and regional theater productions.
Professionally, Holliday served on the local board of directors of the Los Angeles chapter of AFTRA for 10 years, as well as serving on the national board of AFTRA. He was also active in the Screen Actors Guild.
Holliday was married to Judy Kapler. He had one daughter, Debra Jeanne (Grossinger) Rouse, from his first marriage to Nancy King. He died of a heart attack when he was 59.

</doc>
<doc id="9738097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738097" title="List of places in Shahnameh">
List of places in Shahnameh

Here are the list of places represented/mentioned in the Persian epic poem "Shāhnāma" by Ferdowsi:

</doc>
<doc id="9738098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738098" title="Churchill Road Hurdle">
Churchill Road Hurdle

The Churchill Road Hurdle was a Grade 2 National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which was open to horses aged four years or older. It was run at Lingfield Park over a distance of about 2 miles and 3½ furlongs (3,923 metres), and during its running there were ten hurdles to be jumped. It was a limited handicap race, and it took place in January 2006.
The equivalent event in the present National Hunt calendar is the Holloway's Hurdle at Ascot.

</doc>
<doc id="9738101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738101" title="Live in Seattle (Shawn McDonald album)">
Live in Seattle (Shawn McDonald album)

Live In Seattle is the first live album by singer/songwriter Shawn McDonald on Sparrow Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9738116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738116" title="Coins of the Lithuanian litas">
Coins of the Lithuanian litas

The modern coinage of Lithuania was introduced in 1993. It is composed of coins denominated in "centas" (plurals "centai" and "centų") and "litas" (plurals "litai" and "litų")
1, 2, and 5 centai.
These coins are made from aluminium and therefore are white. The coins' edge is plain. They were designed by sculptor Petras Garška. These coins are the first permanent coins released after the restoration of independence in 1990. Unlike other coins they bear the same date - 1991 - no matter the year of actual production. The design has not changed even though they bear an old version of the Coat of Arms (the horse's tail looks down instead of up, the knight is leaning forward, and other details).
People usually refer to these coins as "balti centai" (white cents) which has a slightly negative connotation.
10, 20, and 50 centų.
These coins are made from a gold-yellow alloy of copper, zinc, and nickel. The edges are rimmed. The coins were designed by Antanas Žukauskas with the help of Arvydas Každailis in adapting the Coat of Arms. They were released in 1997 and replaced the 10, 20, and 50 centų coins released in 1991. They bear the year in which they were produced in.
1, 2, and 5 litai.
These coins are made from a white alloy of copper and nickel; and from a gold-yellow alloy of copper, aluminium, and nickel. The coins were designed by Antanas Žukauskas with the help of Arvydas Každailis in adapting the Coat of Arms. They were released in 1998 and replaced the 1, 2, and 5 litai banknotes. The primary reason for the change was that these banknotes are short-lived because they are used in everyday trade. They are subject to wear and tear and needed to be constantly re-printed in foreign countries, while the new coins could be minted domestically at the Lithuanian Mint. They bear the year in which they were produced in. People sometimes complain that the coins are too heavy.
Commemorative circulation coins.
"Lithuanian Mint" releases 3-6 commemorative coins yearly. In addition, there are 4 circulation commemorative coins released, all in 1 litas domination. They all are from a 75% copper and 25% nickel alloy.

</doc>
<doc id="9738134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738134" title="Terra salica">
Terra salica

Terra salica was a legal term used in the Salian code. It referred to land that could be passed on to male heirs alone, and could not be sold or otherwise disposed. In other words, it was not alienable. This tradition was practiced by other peoples, and was done to give prolonged stability to the family.

</doc>
<doc id="9738145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738145" title="At-Large Advisory Committee">
At-Large Advisory Committee

The At-Large Advisory Committee (ALAC) is an advisory committee to ICANN, the organization that administers the Internet's Domain Name System and addressing system. According to ICANN Bylaw XI.4.a, "ALAC is the primary organizational home within ICANN for individual Internet users", with a mandate to "consider and provide advice on the activities of ICANN, insofar as they relate to the interests of individual Internet users".
Structure and mission.
The ALAC is composed by fifteen members, three from each of the five geographic regions used by ICANN for geographical diversity requirements.
As a part of its mission, the ALAC reaches out for groups of individual Internet users all around the world - identified as "At-Large Structures" (ALSes) - and encourages them to apply for accreditation by ICANN. Once accredited, these groups can participate in the five "Regional At-Large Organizations" (RALOs), regional groupings that host discussions at a regional level. In turn, each RALO appoints two members of the ALAC (for a total of ten members out of fifteen). This builds an open, bottom-up mechanism to select the ALAC members. The remaining five members of the ALAC are appointed by ICANN's Nominating Committee.
The ALAC appoints one non-voting representative to the councils of the Generic Names Supporting Organization and to the Country Code Names Supporting Organization, and liaisons to ICANN working groups and task forces. It also appoints five members (one per geographic region) of ICANN's Nominating Committee. It has some statutory authority, though limited, to influence ICANN's policy making activities. However, it usually shares its opinions through non-binding advisory statements sent to the ICANN Board.
Originally the ALAC appointed a liaison to the ICANN Board; however, that position was abolished in 2010 when an additional, fully voting position on the ICANN Board was designated to be selected by the At-Large community. The first person selected by this process, joining the ICANN Board in October 2012, was former ALAC member Sébastien Bachollet
History.
The ALAC was created in 2002, as one of the changes introduced in the so-called "ICANN 2.0" reform, with the purpose of providing a viable mechanism for participation by a significant number of active individual users of the Internet from around the world. Its structure was studied through the "At-Large Advisory Committee Assistance Group", which made a proposal that was then approved by the ICANN Board.
The first ALAC was appointed in January 2003. Since the Regional At-Large Organizations did not exist yet, the committee was marked as "interim" and the ten regional members were appointed by the ICANN Board instead. The initial membership included the former ICANN Chairman Esther Dyson. The initial Chairman was Vittorio Bertola, and the first appointed liaison to the ICANN Board was Roberto Gaetano, and Thomas Roessler to the GNSO, who in December 2004 left his position to Bret Fausett. In March 2006, Bertola left the Chairmanship to Annette Muehlberg; in December 2006, Bertola was appointed as the new Board liaison, Alan Greenberg as GNSO liaison, and Siavash Shahshahani as CCNSO liaison.
Initially, there was widespread concern that the ALAC would fail as a result of a perception of disenfranchisement common to many Internet rights groups - especially the North American ones - that followed the demise by ICANN of the original At Large election plan. However, the number of accredited At Large Structures grew slowly but steadily, reaching 100 in the first months of 2007. In December 2006, the first Regional At-Large Organization - the Latin American RALO was formally accredited by ICANN. Further RALOs for Europe, Africa and Asia-Pacific were expected to be accredited in the first half of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9738157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738157" title="Pearl Williams">
Pearl Williams

Pearl Williams (September 10, 1914 - September 18, 1991) was an American entertainer.
Williams started out as a secretary, but quickly turned to playing the piano by ear and became an accomplished player. In 1938 she went to an audition for a singer as accompaniment. She was hired on the spot and that same night went on stage at the Famous Door on 52nd Street with Louis Prima's band. But it took 14 year and a heckler to make her find her calling. One night, in 1952, a heckler was consistently telling her to get off and that her jokes were horrible, and she said to him, "Oh Fuck off." The audience howled, and she quickly became a hit. 
In 1961, she recorded her first album, "A trip around the world is not a cruise". Known for her bawdy humor and aggressive manner, she released nine best-selling "party" records during her career, including:
Williams is one of several female Jewish comedians (along with Belle Barth, Patsy Abbott, Rusty Warren and Totie Fields) who traced their "bawdy" performance style back to Sophie Tucker. The back cover of "A Trip around The World is Not a Cruise" repeats the anecdote that when they met, Tucker told Williams that "You're me at your age, only better." An echo of Tucker can be discerned when Williams says in her act, "I get broads come in here, they sit in front of me and they stare at me. Everything I do, they stare at me. Then they walk out saying, 'She's so dirrr-ty!' If they're so refined how come they understand what I'm saying?" 
Williams performed for 18 years at the Place Pigalle in Miami, Florida, before retiring in 1984, commenting ""I'm tired, I need a rest. After 46 years in show business, night after night, day after day, non-stop, I'm tired"". She hung up her microphone for good in April of that year. She lived out her final years in North Miami Beach and Long Island. 
On September 18, 1991, aged 77, she died in her sleep from heart disease.
Posthumous.
In 2007, she was proposed to be featured in the Off-Broadway production "The J.A.P. Show: Jewish American Princesses of Comedy", which includes live standup routines by four female Jewish comics juxtaposed with the stories of legendary performers from the 1950s and 1960s, Betty Walker, Belle Barth, Totie Fields, Jean Carroll and Williams. 

</doc>
<doc id="9738158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738158" title="Goethe State Forest">
Goethe State Forest

The Goethe State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located near the gulf coast, north of Dunnellon. Four trailheads are located on County Road 337. The main trail usage is equestrian, both riders and carts. Goethe is known for its population of red cockaded woodpeckers, a rare bird endemic to the longleaf pine forests of the southeastern coastal plain.

</doc>
<doc id="9738160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738160" title="Ripen (album)">
Ripen (album)

Ripen is the second studio album from American-Christian singer-songwriter Shawn McDonald. The album was released on March 7, 2006 on Sparrow Records. This album was produced by Will Hunt and Christopher Stevens. The album attained commercial charting successes and critical acclamation.
Background.
The second studio album from American-Christian musician Shawn McDonald is entitled "Ripen". This album was released by Sparrow Records of March 7, 2006. It was produced by Will Hunt and Christopher Stevens.
Critical reception.
"Ripen" garnered critical acclaim from eight music critics ratings and reviews. At "CCM Magazine", John J. Thompson graded the album an A, stating that ""Ripen" proves that McDonald is a creative force to be reckoned with." Jared Johnson of AllMusic rated the album four-and-a-half stars, writing that "Ripen showed enough growth to widen McDonald's group of core listeners well beyond the coffeehouse crowd", and that the release is "extremely likeable". At "Christianity Today", Christa Banister rated the album four stars, saying that while having the flu his best track on the album is the last cut, which "best demonstrate his creative vision and potential". Founder Tony Cummings of Cross Rhythms rated the album nine squares, stating that with the multitudes of singer-songwriter albums to review that he doubts he'll "hear a better album than this." At Melodic, Pär Winberg rated the album four stars, writing that "This is a really good record." Spencer Priest of Jesus Freak Hideout rated the album four stars, saying that ""Ripen" is a solid achievement from a remarkably talented musician." At Christian Broadcasting Network, Jennifer E. Jones rated the album four-and-a-half spins, writing that the album shows growth as an artist for McDonald, and says that it is "Very much an experience album, "Ripen" flows and takes you on a journey from track to track." Founder Kevin McNeese of New Release Tuesday rated the album three-and-a-half stars, saying that "In an effort to simplify his music, Shawn's lyrics take on almost a repetitive nature with chorus consisting of few words, however, the worshipful style continues to impress and expectations are high for his third album."
Commercial performance.
For the "Billboard" charting week of March 25, 2006, "Roots" was the No. 116 most sold album in the entirety of the United States by the "Billboard" 200, and it was the No. 3 most sold Top Christian Album. On the breaking and entry chart Top Heatseekers Albums, it was the No. 2 most sold.

</doc>
<doc id="9738165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738165" title="Reinhold Angerstein">
Reinhold Angerstein

Reinhold Rücker Angerstein, born October 25, 1718 at Vikmanshyttan, dead January 5, 1760 in Stockholm, was a Swedish metallurgist, civil servant and entrepreneur.
Angerstein was a member of an old family of Swedish Iron Masters, of German descent. He passed his matriculation in Uppsala 1727 and then worked as an auditor at the Swedish Board of Mines (Bergskollegium) between 18 and 24 years of age.
At the age of 31 he started a series of long journeys abroad, financed by the Swedish Association of Iron Masters (Jernkontoret). From these trips he wrote extensive and illustrated travel accounts back to Sweden. He primarily described technical and economic observations from mining and from Iron and Steel Works. Between 1749 and 1777 he was constantly travelling, with only few short spells in Sweden: in Germany, Austria, Italy, France, Portugal, Belgium, the Netherlands and Britain.
After returning to Sweden he got a position at Bergskollegium as Director of Steelworks (Direktör för rikets gröfre svartsmide). There exist illustrations also from his inspection tours of Swedish Iron Works. Towards the end of his life he purchased the Vira Iron Works in Uppland in 1757, northeast of Stockholm, renowned for forging of weapons for the army. He had far-reaching plans to extend this plant, but had no time to implement them before his death in 1760.
Between 1753 and 1755 he visited England and Wales, where he was considered an industrial spy. His visit to Sheffield was brief, less than a day, and it has been suggested that he was driven out of the town for showing too much interest in the crucible process newly invented by Benjamin Huntsman.

</doc>
<doc id="9738171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738171" title="Cicada (mythology)">
Cicada (mythology)

Cicada lore and mythology is rich and varied as there are c 2500 species of cicada throughout the world, many of which are undescribed and remain a mystery to science. Cicada has been prized as a delicacy, and are famed throughout the world for their song. 
The cicada is an ancient polyvalent symbol: resounding themes are resurrection, immortality, spiritual realization and spiritual ecstasy. For the ancient Greeks and Romans they sang in intoxicated ecstasy and were sacred to Apollo and cognate with the dionysiac bacchae and maenad.
Eunomos and his cithara.
Egan (1994) affirms that there are several independent Greek sources that tell the story of Eunomos and the cicada. Eunomos, an accomplished cithara player and singer, was performing in a competition when one of the cithara strings snaps. A cicada as offering, alights on his cithara, sustaining the note of the broken string. Eunomos, thereby attributed accolade, wins the competition.
Aristotle.
Aristotle, fond of eating cicada, described them with decisive brevity in his investigatory Historia Animalium. From this, we know that he was aware of their periodic lifecycle, their emergent resurrection from the earth, their progression to their winged form and song. Aristotle is attributed with seeding Grecian culture with cicada symbolism of resurrection and immortality; though it may be asserted that their liminal quality and propensity to incite awe pre-date Aristotle.
Phaedrus, Plato and Socrates.
In "Phaedrus", a dialogue authored by Plato, a sagely Socrates and his student of rhetoric Phaedrus engage in thoughtful repartee in an earthy setting by a lush riverbank in the shade of a tree occupied by a chorus of cicadas.
These cicada are not supernumerary; they provide metaphorical richness, a salient musical motif and liminal hierophany to the dialogue of Socrates and Phaedrus.
It is in "Phaedrus" that Socrates states that some of life's greatest blessings flow from mania specifically in the four kinds of mania: (1) prophetic; (2) poetic; (3) cathartic; and (4) erotic. It is in this context that Socrates' Myth of the Cicadas is presented. The Cicadas chirp and watch to see whether their music lulls humans to laziness or whether the humans can resist their sweet song. Cicadas were originally humans who, in ancient times, allowed the first Muses to enchant them into singing and dancing so long that they stopped eating and sleeping and actually died without noticing it. The Muses rewarded them with the gift of never needing food or sleep, but to sing from birth to death. The task of the Cicadas is to watch humans to report who honors the Muses and who does not.
In the dialogue, Socrates affirms that nymphs and local divinities or spirits of place inhabit the countryside; talks of the Muses and nature gods such as Pan; in addition he indulges in an extended exegesis of his own dæmon; waxes lyrical, connecting divine inspiration to religion, poetry, art and love; all of which are informed and rendered in poignant relief by cicada chorus.

</doc>
<doc id="9738183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738183" title="Banknotes of the Lithuanian litas">
Banknotes of the Lithuanian litas

The modern banknotes of Lithuania are denominated in litas. All banknotes are of the same size (135 mm × 65 mm) except for the 500 litų banknote. They bear signatures of Minister of Finance and of Chairperson of the Bank of Lithuania Board. 10, 20, and 50 litų banknotes have 4 releases. This is mainly due to security reasons: number of security features was gradually increased from virtually 0, to 9, 14 and eventually to 17. Only the first release is now completely withdrawn from the market and cannot be used either for trade or for banking transactions. The first release bears the date "1991" but were actually released to the public in 1993 for a very brief time (June–October). Since they were replaced in the same year, the first release is dated to 1991 and the second to 1993.
The banknotes are not printed in Lithuania. At first they were printed by the "United States Banknote Corporation", later by the UK-based "Thomas De La Rue and Co., Ltd." and the Germany-based "Giesecke & Devrient GmbH".
10 litų.
The reverse of the 10 litų banknote features Lithuanian heroes, Steponas Darius and Stasys Girėnas. In 1933 they flew from New York over the Atlantic Ocean with a small plane called "Lituanica". However, the plane mysteriously crashed in Germany (now Poland). The duo did not survive. The obverse depicts "Lituanica" flying over the Atlantic Ocean with visible shores of the North America and Europe. 
This banknote was noticed by the international press covering the introduction of the litas. Journalists made a metaphor that the litas should do better than the pilots, i.e. the litas, hopefully, would not crash. 
The most recent release clearly shows Darius wearing the cap with an insignia from the Palwaukee Municipal Airport located in Wheeling, Illinois [http://www.michigancoinclub.org/palwaukee.html]. It attracted some attention from topic collectors.
The banknote was designed and redesigned by Giedrius Jonaitis. The very first draft of new Lithuanian currency had Darius and Girėnas on the 5 litai banknote. It was released in different designs four times (in 1993 (twice), 1997, and 2001). The first banknote design started an international scandal. In 1992, these banknotes were printed and ready to be released to the public. However, it was discovered that they were virtually unprotected. It delayed the introduction of the litas as the banknotes had to be reprinted. The banknotes bearing the date "1991" were released for a very short time and were quickly replaced by the 1993 issue. The major design ideas have not changed throughout the issues. 
In 1993, on the 60th anniversary of Lituanica's flight, the 10 litų silver commemorative coin was issued featuring the pilots. It was the second commemorative coin issued by "Lithuanian Mint" (the first was for Pope John Paul II's visit to Lithuania).
20 litų.
The banknote features a portrait of the Lithuanian romantic poet Maironis (real name Jonas Mačiulis, 1862–1932) who was a great patriot and made efforts to "wake up" the nation, to inspire resistance to Russification policies and fight for the independence of Lithuania from Imperial Russia. 
The obverse features the Vytautas the Great War Museum in Kaunas, with its carillon tower (the most famous exhibit in the museum is a wreckage of "Lituanica" airplane). The reverse also depicts the Statue of Liberty by Juozas Zikaras, commemorating the declaration of Lithuania's independence in 1918. The 20 litų banknote released in 1930 also featured the same Statue of Liberty on the back, just it is on the left hand side. The obverse of the 1930 banknote featured Vytautas the Great himself.
The banknotes printed in 1991, together with the 10 litų banknotes, started an international scandal. The 1991 release was replaced very quickly. The 1993 release was designed by Justas Tolvaišis. The last issue was designed by Giedrius Jonaitis. The major change in 2001 issue was moving the Statue of Liberty from the left hand side to the right on the back.
50 litų.
The obverse bears a portrait of the national patriarch, scholar, statesman and signatory of Lithuania's Declaration of Independence of February 16, 1918, Dr. Jonas Basanavičius (1851–1927). Sometimes he is nicknamed as "father of independence" as he was the chairman of Council of Lithuania when the declaration was signed.
The back of the banknote depicts Vilnius Cathedral and its belfry, Monument to Grand Duke Gediminas, Gediminas Castle and the Hill of Three Crosses. All these objects are considered as the heart of Vilnius and are strong national symbols. 
The 50 litų banknote released in 1928 also features Basanavičius and Vilnius Cathedral. It makes this banknote the only one that closely represents a banknote released in the interwar Lithuania. 
The 1991 release faced the same destiny as 10 and 20 litų banknotes. They were released for a very short time. The 1993 release was designed by Ray Bartkus. At first the reverse depicted only Vilnius Cathedral and indistinctive houses of Vilnius Old Town. In 1998 release, however, the view of the cathedral shifted to include the other monuments. The 2003 issue is the newest banknote added to the banknote family. Quite possibly it would have been the last one, as the Euro was expected to have replaced the litas in 2008 or later. Despite that, the view featured on the banknote appears outdated as it fails to display the Royal Palace, still under construction.
100 litų.
It features Simonas Daukantas (1793–1864), the initiator of the national rebirth movement (when Lithuanians started to realize that they are one nation), historian, who wrote the first history of Lithuania in the Lithuanian language. The reverse shows the Vilnius Old Town, which is included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites. The focus is the architectural ensemble of Vilnius University with St. John's Church and its belfry. This makes Vilnius featured twice.
The first 1991 release of the 100 litų banknotes did not meet the same destiny as 10, 20, or 50 litų banknotes. It was decided that it had sufficient security measures to be released and used. However, it did not spread widely and today together with other 1991 banknotes is withdrawn from the market. It could be exchanged for a new 100 litų banknote only at Bank of Lithuania central office. The new banknote with 19 security features was introduced only in 2000. The appearance changed quite a bit. The back of the new banknote zooms in more on the Vilnius University campus and leaves less space for other houses in Vilnius Old Town. Also, the colors are brighter and sharper. In format it now resembles more 200 and 500 litų banknotes than 10, 20, or 50.
200 litų.
The banknote features a portrait of Vydūnas (real name Vilhelmas Storosta, 1868–1953), a prominent Lithuanian philosopher, writer, poet, playwright, musician, pedagogue and culture educator. He was spreading idealistic philosophy and ideas of humanism through his works.
The back depicts the Klaipėda (Memel) lighthouse erected in 1796 and reconstructed in 1819. The lighthouse was 29.2 m high and its beams stretched up to 35 kilometers. The lighthouse was a symbol of the city and was popular among tourists. However, it has not survived and is not well known today. However, it is very likely that Klaipėda was chosen because Vilnius was featured twice, Kaunas once, and Klaipėda is the 3rd largest city in Lithuania.
The designer is Rytis Valantinas and it is the only release.
500 litų.
The banknote depicts a portrait of Vincas Kudirka (1858–1899), a Lithuanian writer, participant of the national rebirth movement and author of Tautiška giesmė, the national anthem. 
The back of the note shows "Bell of the Freedom" in the background of Nemunas loops, a well-known scenery. The bell is inscribed in Lithuanian: "O skambink per amžius vaikams Lietuvos, kad laisvės nevertas, kas negina jos" (in English: "Thou shall ring through the centuries to the children of Lithuania: he who does not defend freedom is not worthy of it"). This four-line poem was created by Bronius Kazys Balutis (1879–1967) and became the motto of "Bell of Freedom", a newspaper published by one of the partisan groups. Also, Kudirka was one of the publishers of "Varpas" ("bell") newspaper to educate and inspire Lithuanians to for a nation and fight for independence during the Lithuanian national revival. 
This banknote is slightly bigger than the rest (147 mm x 70 mm) and has 22 security features (other banknotes have 16-19). At first it was doubted if Lithuania needs 500 litai banknote as it was more than a minimum monthly salary. The designer of the banknote is Giedrius Jonaitis and it is the only release.

</doc>
<doc id="9738186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738186" title="Cellular apoptosis susceptibility protein">
Cellular apoptosis susceptibility protein

The cellular apoptosis susceptibility protein (CAS) is an exportin which in the nucleus is bound to RanGTP.

</doc>
<doc id="9738187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738187" title="Japanese general election, 1890">
Japanese general election, 1890

History and background.
Japan’s first general election for the lower house of the national assembly was
held on July 1, 1890, in accordance with provisions of the new Meiji Constitution, which had been promulgated in 1889.
The election was based on limited suffrage, with only male citizens 25 years of age and over, who had paid 15 Japanese Yen or more in national taxes, and who had been resident in their prefecture for at least a year, qualified to vote. The number of eligible voters who met this requirement was 450,872 people out of a total Japanese population of 39,933,478 (1.13%). The high tax requirement meant that voter roles were heavily weighed towards rural landlords and urban entrepreneurs. In terms of social class, 91% were commoners, and 9% were ex-samurai. Residents of the prefectures in Honshū, Kyūshū and Shikoku participated; residents Hokkaidō and Okinawa (as “territories”) were excluded from this election. About 95% of those eligible to vote actually cast ballots, although there was no penalty for not doing so.
Only male citizens 30 years of age and over, who were not members of the "kazoku" peerage or of the imperial family or its branches were allowed to become candidates for office in the lower house. The number of seats in the lower house was 300, divided into 214 single-seat districts and 43 two-seat districts, which were contested by 1,243 candidates. The election went smoothly and without violence reported.
On November 25, 1890, after the election, first Diet session was summoned; the two opposing forces confronted each other for the first time in the arena of practical Japanese politics. The so-called "mintō" (liberal parties: the "Jiyutō", the "Rikken Kaishintō" and their affiliates) held a combined strength of 171 seats, forming the majority.

</doc>
<doc id="9738225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738225" title="Malouf Abraham, Jr.">
Malouf Abraham, Jr.

Malouf Abraham, Jr. (born March 29, 1939), is a retired physician and active art collector from Canadian, a community in the Texas Panhandle and the seat of Hemphill County. His combination $7 million residence/art museum in Canadian, called "Citadel Garden," has been featured on Home and Garden Television.
Biography.
Abraham was born to businessman Malouf Abraham, Sr., and the former Iris Lewis (1918–2001), a descendant of a pioneer Hemphill County family, which included his uncle, Tom Abraham, the owner of a department store.
In 1961, he obtained his undergraduate degree from Trinity University in San Antonio. He then procured his medical degree in 1964 from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School in Dallas.
After graduation from medical school, Abraham interned in Savannah, Georgia. Thereafter, on receipt of a draft notice for the Vietnam War, he enlisted as a captain and military doctor in the United States Air Force, Strategic Air Command. He remained stateside, mostly in Bossier City, across the Red River from Shreveport in northwestern Louisiana, and for his work treating military personnel returning from Vietnam with allergies received the Air Force Commendation Medal.
Until 2001, Abraham had operated an allergy clinic in Canadian for thirty-five years.
Patron of the arts.
In 1972, the Abrahams obtained a Norman Rockwell painting, "The First Day of School", and started a collection which now includes works by J. C. Leyendecker, William Bouguereau, and Craig Bone.
In the middle 1990s, Abraham donated the "Malouf Abraham Family Art Center" to Wayland Baptist University.
In 1995, then Governor George W. Bush, appointed Abraham to the Texas Commission on the Arts.
Abraham is married to the former Therese Browne (born 1936) of Mount Airy in eastern North Carolina. The couple married in the Mt. Airy Catholic Church, which the Brownes helped to build with granite from their own quarry. Like her father-in-law, Therese Abraham is a former mayor of Canadian, having served from 1982-1992. The Abrahams have three sons, all residing in Hemphill County, Eddie, a cattle rancher; Salem, a futures trader, and Jason, a horse rancher.

</doc>
<doc id="9738229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738229" title="Jennings State Forest">
Jennings State Forest

The Jennings State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in northeastern Florida, near Jacksonville.

</doc>
<doc id="9738244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738244" title="Maloja">
Maloja

Maloja () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9738263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738263" title="Hicks Street Line">
Hicks Street Line

The Hicks Street Line was a public transit line in Brooklyn, New York City, United States, running from the Ninth Avenue Depot at Greenwood Cemetery to the Brooklyn Bridge.
History.
When the New York State Legislature chartered the Greenwood and Coney Island Railroad in 1874, its lines included Hicks Street from Hamilton Avenue to Fulton Street near Fulton Ferry. The Atlantic Avenue Railroad acquired the right to build this line through a January 1, 1886 lease of the Prospect Park and Coney Island Railroad's (Culver Line's) horse railroad properties. Construction began on the line in Hicks Street, only built between the 15th Street Line in Hamilton Avenue and the company's trackage in Atlantic Avenue, in November 1888. The line began operations in late May or early June 1889, and ran along the existing 15th Street Line from the Ninth Avenue Depot of the Culver Line, through Ninth Avenue, 15th Street, and Hamilton Avenue, then onto the new trackage on Hicks Street, and along Atlantic Avenue and the Adams Street and Boerum Place Line to the Brooklyn end of the Brooklyn Bridge. Hoyt and Sackett Streets Line cars, which had passed through Hoyt Street between Sackett Street and Atlantic Avenue, were rerouted to use Hicks Street.
Eventually the line stopped operating, and the only cars to use Hicks Street were those on an alternate routing of the Crosstown Line, using Hicks Street instead of Columbia Street. This alternate route ended in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="9738272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738272" title="Rod Perry">
Rod Perry

Rodney Cornell Perry (born September 11, 1953) is an American football coach and former left handed defensive back. He is currently the defensive backs coach for the Oregon State Beavers.

</doc>
<doc id="9738281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738281" title="Arctic Magic Flute">
Arctic Magic Flute

Arctic Magic Flute is an adaptation, sung in English, of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's opera "Die Zauberflöte" by Ryan Conarro, Joyce Parry Moore and William Todd Hunt, setting the action in northern Alaska at an unspecified post-apocalyptic future date.
Performance History.
"Arctic Magic Flute" premiered on February 8, 2007, in Juneau, Alaska, with Conarro as the stage director, Hunt as the music director, and Joyce Parry Moore, who first conceived the idea for the show and approached Conarro about writing it, as Pamina. Set Design by Sheila Wyne, Light Design by Calvin Anderson, and Costume Design by Marilyn Wright.
The show subsequently toured to Kotzebue and Nome, Alaska, where it received a warm reception, and to the Alaska Native Heritage Center in Anchorage, Alaska.
Differences from Schikaneder's Libretto.
In addition to being translated into English, the story has been re-cast in (post)modern Alaska instead of the mythical world of the original. Tamino survives a plane crash, rather than fighting a dragon. The Queen of the Night becomes 'the Electric Queen,' a personification of the modern urban world and its reliance on technology. Sarastro becomes an Alaska Native elder. 
The Masonic allegory of the original opera is replaced by the traditional values of Inupiaq culture; the characters must learn to work with each other, and respect the land and the wild animals, in order to survive a world where modern technology has been taken away from them.
The character of Monostatos has been eliminated, shortening the opera and avoiding controversy about his portrayal. His pursuit of Pamina and Papageno near the end of Act I is replaced by having a pack of wolves—the same animals tamed by the flute in the pantomime scene—surround the escaping pair. The two helmeted men have also been eliminated from Act II.
Papageno's character remains almost unchanged - a bird hunter being a plausible rural Alaskan occupation - but the majority of the jokes in his spoken scenes have been replaced by ones topical to the region, the lock on his mouth becomes a bird-beak, and his glockenspiel becomes a rattle made of driftwood and seashells.
Differences from Mozart's music.
"Arctic Magic Flute" is performed without an orchestral overture. In its place, the show is opened by an Inupiaq dancer and drummer singing a song of welcome, and a short spoken scene introducing the cast of villagers and describing their world. The rest of the opera is framed as a story being told to a young boy by his family.
Several numbers have been omitted to shorten the opera - most of the scenes in Act II with the priests, the trio for Sarastro, Pamina, and Tamino, Papageno's suicide attempt, and the numbers involving the deleted characters. Some of the remaining numbers have been resequenced for dramatic reasons: "In diesen heil'gen Hallen," for example, has become the reuniting of Tamino and Pamina in preparation for the Trial of Fire, with completely new words rather than a translation of the German.
The orchestration was reduced to enable it to be performed by a small travelling company. The string parts were essentially unchanged but played by one person each. The woodwind and brass material has been re-distributed to be covered by one flute, one oboe, two clarinets (one alternating on bass clarinet), and euphonium. This was influenced in part by lack of availability of a bassoonist, and does not necessarily reflect Hunt's concept of an optimal reduction of Mozart's orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="9738286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738286" title="Cube with Magic Ribbons">
Cube with Magic Ribbons

Cube with Magic Ribbons is a lithograph print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher first printed in 1957. It depicts two interlocking bands wrapped around the frame of a cube. The cube framework by itself is perfectly possible but the interlocking of the "magical" bands within it is impossible. This print is significant for being the first Escher drawing to use a true impossible object.

</doc>
<doc id="9738308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738308" title="Society for College and University Planning">
Society for College and University Planning

The Society for College and University Planning (SCUP) is a professional association dedicated to the integration of planning in higher education institutions. It is headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and has 5,200 members in 33 countries worldwide.
The mission of SCUP is to be "a community dedicated to providing its members with the knowledge and resources to establish and achieve institutional planning goals within the context of best practices in institutional planning."

</doc>
<doc id="9738316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738316" title="Georgia State Route 185">
Georgia State Route 185

State Route 185 (SR 185) is a state highway located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It lies entirely within Charlton County.
Route description.
The highway begins at an intersection with SR 23/SR 121 at a point just north of the Florida state line (and near the southernmost point in the state). It heads northwest, skirting the nearby Florida state line to its west. County Road 120 is accessible via Reynolds Bridge Road. SR 185 continue to the northwest, through Rural areas, until it meets its northern terminus, and intersection with SR 94. Geographically, it is the second-southernmost state highway in the state, after SR 23/SR 121, which have their southern terminus just a little further than SR 185.

</doc>
<doc id="9738320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738320" title="St. Paul Christian Academy">
St. Paul Christian Academy

St. Paul Christian Academy is an independent school located in Nashville, Tennessee serving grades junior kindergarten through sixth grade. The school was started in 1971 by St. Paul Southern Methodist Church (now St. Paul Community Church).
Mission Statement.
St. Paul Christian Academy integrates academic excellence with a passion for Christ to develop a strong foundation for young leaders who uniquely shape the world in which they live.

</doc>
<doc id="9738354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738354" title="Lake George State Forest">
Lake George State Forest

The Lake George State Forest is a designated protected area and state forest in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in northwestern Volusia County, Florida, near Lake George and the communities of Pierson, Barberville, and Volusia. It is overseen by the Florida Forest Service within the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services.
Lake George State Forest is divided into three tracts of land. The northernmost Astor Tract stretches roughly from a point between Pierson and Lake George south to State Road 40 east of the Volusia settlement. South of SR 40 are the Mary Farms and Dexter Tracts, which encompasses land between the St. Johns River to the west, and Barberville, US 17, and De Leon Springs State Park to the east, and south to the banks of Lake Dexter, Spring Garden Creek, and the Lake Woodruff National Wildlife Refuge.
Lake George State Forest should not be confused with the Lake George Forest, a separate property to the immediate north which is jointly owned by Volusia County and the St. Johns River Water Management District ("SJRWMD"), or the Lake George Conservation Area, a site owned by the SJRWMD.
History.
Prior to European settlement, the area had for thousands of years been the home to native American tribes like the extinct Timucua. They left behind a rich archaeological history in the form of large middens of freshwater shellfish, which they deposited along the banks of the St. Johns River and Lake George. The Bluffton Mound and Midden at the Bluffton Recreation Area in Lake George State Forest is one such example.
Lake George State Forest is formed from lands previously resourced for timber, production of naval stores, cattle grazing, and hunting. Cypress logging, by way of canals dug into the swampland, occurred up until 1910. The 1930s saw much of the land forested with longleaf and slash pine, or left in service of the Florida Cracker cattle industry. After decades of aggressive harvesting, the 1960s saw reforestation efforts again plant slash pine.
Dry conditions brought on by severe drought led to massive wildfires in 1998, which left close to half of the forest charred and damaged. After efforts to salvage the area's timber, restoration again involved planting of pine seedlings.
Natural features.
Lake George State Forest is named for Lake George, the largest lake in Florida after Lake Okeechobee, and the largest lake of the St. Johns River system. The river itself bounds a section of the forest, offering both a vibrant ecology and a wealth of recreation opportunities. The forest and associated wetlands are located within the Lake George watershed, and as such, serve as an important aquifer recharge area. 
The arboreal composition of the Lake George State Forest is primarily longleaf and slash pines, with bald cypress and other bottomland hardwood hammocks found in lowland deposits and along the floodplain.
Lake George State Forest is part of two Wildlife Management Areas ("WMA") managed through the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission. The forest's two southern tracts form the Dexter/Mary Farms Unit WMA, while the Astor Tract is grouped with adjacent land (like SJRWMD's and Volusia County's Lake George Forest and Conservation Area) to form the Lake George WMA. The WMAs of Lake George State Forest are part of a network of protected lands forming a wildlife corridor and roaming habitat which is critical to the survival of the Florida black bear. Other species of wildlife that call the area home include the bald eagle, sandhill crane, white-tail deer, wild turkey, gopher tortoise, and bobcat.
Recreation.
Numerous recreation opportunities are found at Lake George State Forest, including fishing (on the river, lake, and at Jenkins Pond), picnicking, and an interpretive nature trail three-quarter mile (1.21 km) in length. The fall and spring months bring great opportunities for migratory bird-watching, as the forest is part of the Great Florida Birding Trail.
No boat ramps are available within the State Forest boundaries, but community boat ramps are found nearby. Small watercraft such as canoes can launch from the river bank.
Visitors may access the forest during daylight hours. Roads, designated trails, and permanent fire lines are available for hiking, bicycling, and horseback riding. Primitive camping, hunting, and vehicle access is also possible by obtaining a permit from the State Forest Service.

</doc>
<doc id="9738358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738358" title="List of compositions by Ennio Morricone">
List of compositions by Ennio Morricone

This is a list of compositions by film score composer, orchestrator and conductor Ennio Morricone. He composed and arranged scores for more than 500 film and television productions. Morricone is considered as one of the most influential and best-selling film composers since the late 1950s.
He has sold well over 70 million records worldwide, including 6.5 million albums and singles in France, over three million in the United States and more than two million albums in Korea.
In 1971, the composer received his first golden record (disco d'oro) for the sale of 1,000,000 records in Italy and a "Targa d'Oro" for the worldwide sales of 22 million.
His score for Sergio Leone's "Once Upon a Time in the West" is one of the top 5 best-selling original instrumental scores in the world today, with about 10 million copies sold.
His score for "The Mission" (1986) was also at one point the world's best selling score. Morricone's music for "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" (1966) and "Le Professionnel" (1981) each sold over 3 million copies worldwide.
Discography.
1976–1979.
1977
1978
1979
1980s.
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990s.
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000s.
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010s.
2010
2011
2012
2013
2015
Classic (absolute) music.
Ennio Morricone's classical compositions include over 15 piano concertos, 30 symphonic pieces, choral music and one opera. His first classical pieces date back to the late-forties.
Selected songs.
All music composed by Ennio Morricone, lyrics written by various artists.
Other song compositions.
All songs composed by Ennio Morricone, lyrics written by various artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9738362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738362" title="Clandon Barrow">
Clandon Barrow

Clandon Barrow is a very large bowl barrow dating from the Bronze Age, which overlooks the village of Martinstown, near Dorchester in Dorset, and which lies on the same ridge as Maiden Castle. It was excavated by Edward Cunnington in 1882. Gold objects were found including a cup and the Clandon Lozenge. The lozenge has recently been studied along with a similar artifact from Bush Barrow (near Stonehenge). It has now been clearly demonstrated that both the form and decorative elements of these lozenges were based on geometric designs. The Clandon example was created with decagon based geometry, the Bush Barrow example was based on a hexagon. However some people prefer to believe the lozenge provides geometric information about the movement of the stars and seasons for this latitude.

</doc>
<doc id="9738368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738368" title="Lecropt">
Lecropt

Lecropt ("Leac Croit" in Gaelic) is a rural parish lying to the west of Bridge of Allan, Scotland.
The population of the parish of Lecropt is estimated to be around 75, consisting entirely of isolated farms and houses, as well as the Keir Estate owned by the landed Stirling family. Lecropt today contains no town or village, though it lies on the outskirts of the village of Bridge of Allan. 
Historically, Lecropt's population was higher and was as high as 500 around the year 1800. The decline in population over the decades can be explained partly, but not wholly, by rural depopulation. However in 1800 Bridge of Allan, then a tiny hamlet of no more than 100 people, was included in Lecropt. As Bridge of Allan grew during the 19th century, the whole village was eventually brought under the adjacent parish of Logie, reducing Lecropt's population.
There had also been another village called Lecropt, the site of which was further north-west, on the other side of the line of the M9 motorway from the current parish church. This village hosted the parish church until this was moved to its present site in the early 19th century, on the A9 road. The village of Lecropt itself had been abandoned.
Geography.
Historically about two thirds of this parish were situated within the county of Perth, and one-third in the county of Stirling. Today, Lecropt falls wholly within Stirling Council area. The River Teith bounds it on the south-west, where it meets the Forth and the Allan Water on the east. The southern point is where the Allan falls into the united streams of the other two. From east to west it extends about , and nearly about as much from north to south. 
It contains about , one-half of which - the southern part - is known as the Carse of Lecropt. The fertile soil of the carse is a rich clay. The other, northern half is upland, or what is generally called dry-field. Much of this consists of the policy lands of Keir House.
The clay soil on the south is divided from the upland by a bank, which crosses the parish almost parallel to the north side, and nearly at one-third of the distance between it and the southern extremity.
The political party Scottish Voice is based here, headquartered at the Keir Estate offices at Craigarnhall on the Lecropt Kirk-Doune road. The party contested its first election to the Scottish Parliament on 3 May 2007.
Lecropt Kirk (see below) and nearby Lecropt Nursery, which used to be the parish school, stand on the A9 road leading out of Bridge of Allan, north towards Dunblane.
Lecropt Kirk.
Lecropt Kirk is a handsome essay in Gothic revival style, built in 1825-7 to the designs of David Hamilton and William Stirling, a local architect. It is a parish church of the Church of Scotland.
Occupying an elevated position overlooking the carse lands, Stirling Castle and the Wallace Monument can be clearly seen from the church grounds and is located about a mile from Bridge of Allan and from Dunblane.
The interior contains in its loft, vaults and monuments the influence of an old landed family, the Stirlings of Keir, built in the age of patronage. This late Georgian church is an early example of its style in Scotland, in company with the other carse Kirks of Kippen and Kincardine in Menteith.
There has been a church at Lecropt prior to 1827, the old kirk was built in 1400 in what is now the Keir estate although nothing remains of the Kirk. It is known that there was a church at Lecropt prior to 1260.
Transport.
The parish church, as mentioned above, is on the A9 road just outside Bridge of Allan in the direction of Dunblane.
The M9 motorway passes through the parish. Imposing views of the church towering above the carse lands are to be had when travelling north on this motorway. However, no junction connects the motorway directly to Lecropt, access normally being via Keir roundabout (junction 11 on the M9) or through Bridge of Allan.
Lecropt is in a very central position in Scotland's road network. The A9 leads north to Perth, Inverness and, via the A90, Dundee and Aberdeen. Southwards on the M9 is Edinburgh and, via the M80, Glasgow.
Lecropt is served by Bridge of Allan railway station, which is ¼ mile south east of the church, connecting the parish with Dunblane, Stirling, Edinburgh and Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="9738388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738388" title="Brian Wells">
Brian Wells

Brian Wells may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9738397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738397" title="West Valley Central School">
West Valley Central School

West Valley Central School, known locally as WVCS, is a K-12 school located in West Valley, New York. Due to small population of West Valley, the school serves only a few hundred students. There are separate wings for the elementary, middle, and high school, although some rooms in the school are shared, such as the cafeteria, gymnasium, and auditorium. 
There are many extracurricular activities, though recently some have been canceled due to either lack of interest or lack of needed supervision, such as the football program. For sports that cannot be accommodated in West Valley, the school has an agreement with Ellicottville Central School to allow student-athletes to play for their teams.
Because of the school's small size and enrollment, the school has discussed the possibility of merging with neighboring districts, but a straw poll to gauge support for a merger with Ellicottville Central School returned a negative response in the late 2000s. Other neighboring districts have been suggested as possible merger partners for West Valley, but none have shown significant interest.
Board of Education.
Stephen Kowalski, President
Dennis McCauley, Vice-President
Frances Engels
George Kazmierczak
Teaseleman Jackson-McCarty
C. Mark Pfeffer
William Welling
History.
Selected former principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
Basketball Program.
In 2008, West Valley's basketball team went on a 17-game winning streak, which was the longest in West Valley history. The only loss was to Pine Valley. Michael Hogenmiller was co-MVP of the league. Kyle Sutton, James Wangelin and Nick Casselman were first-team all-stars.

</doc>
<doc id="9738412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738412" title="Journey to Alpha Centauri (In Real Time)">
Journey to Alpha Centauri (In Real Time)

Journey to Alpha Centauri (In Real Time) is an interactive fiction game by Julian Fleetwood released in 1998. It holds the distinction of being the video game with the longest minimum play time to complete – slightly more than three thousand years. It has never been (and in all likelihood will never be) completed without cheating. It was inspired by a description of a similar game in Terry Pratchett's novel "Only You Can Save Mankind".

</doc>
<doc id="9738415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738415" title="Fort Vancouver Regional Library District">
Fort Vancouver Regional Library District

Fort Vancouver Regional Library District is located in Southwest and South Central Washington state. The district was established in 1950 as the first inter-county rural library district in Washington. The district has grown since 1950 to serve all of Clark, Skamania and Klickitat Counties, and the city of Woodland and the independent Yale Valley Library District in Cowlitz County.
With sixteen library service locations, three bookmobiles, district Headquarters located in Vancouver, and a wealth of online services, Fort Vancouver Regional Library District provides information resources and services, and community and cultural events for a population of more than 454,000 residents. The service area is more than and includes farm, open range and national forest lands, communities along the Columbia River, small towns and expanding urban and industrial areas.
The collection for the district includes more than 720,000 books, magazines, videotapes, DVDs, and audio book CDs and tapes.
History.
Early libraries.
The earliest recorded circulating library in Southwest Washington was the Hudson's Bay Company Library, which began as early as 1833. Records indicate that the library was located in Fort Vancouver, and provided service to officers of the Hudson's Bay Company. The service ended in 1843.1 
The Vancouver Catholic Library Association was established between the years of 1865 and 1870, and in 1872 was reported to maintain a collection of 1,000 volumes. The library was closed in 1886, and the collection was dispersed.2
The Vancouver Library Association was formed on January 11, 1877. An initial collection of 27 books was gathered and housed in the same building as the Vancouver Independent, the local newspaper of the period. In 1878, the Good Templar Lodge disbanded and donated its collection of books and furniture to the Odd Fellows Lodge, for the purpose of setting up a free reading room. In December 1878, the Vancouver Library Association moved its small collection of books from the offices of the Independent to the newly established Free Reading Room.3
By 1891, the library had changed locations several times and was in danger of being closed due to lack of funds. A petition was put before the city council to establish a tax-supported public library, and on April 4 of that year the request was granted. This tax supported library came to be called the Vancouver Public Library.4 
The first librarian for the Vancouver Library was C. W. Shane. In 1895, Mr. Shane noticed that many young people enjoyed reading, so he opened a circulating library of his own, called the Shane Library, specifically for the area youth.5
In 1908, Edward Swan, an attorney, solicited the Home Trust Company for Carnegie Library Funds to build a new library. The request was approved, and by the middle of 1909 the new library building was completed.6
Over the next 30 years, the Vancouver Public Library, headed by Mrs. Marion Pirkey, grew to nearly 20,000 volumes.7
Meanwhile, another library was taking shape in Clark County, in the town of Camas, Washington. In 1923, a collection of books was gathered together and housed at a local drug store. After two years the collection was moved to an alcove at Camas City Hall, and later it was moved again to the Telephone Building. The popularity of the library grew over the next decade as Camas experienced rapid industrial growth. It was decided that a professional librarian was needed, and in January 1932 Eva Santee was hired. The library was well supported, and in 1939 a bond was passed supporting the building of a new library.8
In 1940, Eva Santee took over as librarian of the Vancouver Public Library, and worked to set up rural library service for the outlying areas of Clark County and Skamania County. Bookmobile service was established and proved successful.9
When the United States entered into World War II in 1942, Vancouver was heavily impacted due to the heavy population growth as workers flocked to the area to work at the Kaiser Shipyards. To support this new population, a petition was passed to establish a county library district. The measure was passed, and the first rural library district in Washington was established.10
Near the end of 1942, another library system came into existence, through the Vancouver Housing Authority. Library quarters were set up in each housing project in the area. Funding difficulties for both the Vancouver Public Library and the Housing Authority Libraries caused some staff to leave the system, until only Eva Santee and a children's librarian remained.11
In March 1943, all three library systems met and agreed to work together to provide library service to the area. Each system took on a variety of responsibilities, with the Vancouver Public Library providing the headquarters, the County Library maintaining the rural bookmobile services, and the Housing Authority Libraries maintaining a portion of the collection and providing some clerical personnel. (55)
In 1944 the Clark County Library took over administration of the Vancouver Housing Authority Libraries. These libraries were located in the following neighborhoods:
In February, 1944 the Washougal Public Library in Washougal, Washington was made a branch of the Clark County Library System. The Washougal Public Library had its start in 1924 through the Washougal Women's Club. The library was housed in a variety of buildings. When the Library was integrated into the County Library System, the collection was moved to Washougal City Hall. (58)
On April 1, 1944 the Battle Ground Library was opened in the Odd Fellows Hall of Battle Ground, Washington as part of the County Library System. (57)
Over the next 5 years, the idea of unifying the County and the City Library systems was continuously discussed, without agreement being reached. It was not until July 1, 1950 that the two systems were successfully merged to form the Fort Vancouver Regional Library System, under the direction of Eva Santee. (76) At that time, the system consisted of one main library, six branch libraries, and two bookmobiles.(80) Though the new Regional Library District provided some service to schools in Skamania County, Skamania was not officially a part of the new District. Also, Camas City Library, though located in Clark County, was not a part of the Fort Vancouver Regional Library District. (83)
Current library service locations.
Fort Vancouver Regional Library District encompasses: 

</doc>
<doc id="9738417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738417" title="Japanese general election, 1892">
Japanese general election, 1892

The was the Empire of Japan’s second general election for members of the House of Representatives of the Diet of Japan, held on February 15, 1892.
History and background.
After the 1890 general election for the lower house of the Diet of Japan, the elected members proved much less amenable to government persuasion than had been anticipated by Itō Hirobumi and other members of the Meiji oligarchy. Rather than docilely rubber stamp legislation issued from the House of Peers and the genrō, the leaders of the lower house used the only leverage granted to them under the Meiji Constitution: withholding budgetary approval to show resistance. This stalemate led to earlier than anticipated dissolution of the government and new elections. Emperor Meiji expressed concern that if the same people were elected again, the same problem would recur, and suggested that regional offices encourage “good people” to run for office.
Home Minister Shinagawa Yajirō interpreted this as a condemnation of political party activity, and sent memorandums to all regional government offices encouraging the dismissal of men deeply involved in political party activity. He also instructed the police to deal severely with any acts of bribery and intimidation. Ironically, the 1892 election was the most violent in Japanese history, with numerous riots, in which 25 people were killed and 388 wounded. Violence was particularly severe in areas of the country in which support for the opposition Liberal Party ("Jiyutō") was strong Encouraged by Prime Minister Matsukata Masayoshi, Shinagawa arrested candidates he deemed “disloyal”, and had gangs of toughs molest voters and burn opposition politicians' property. Prefectural governors and police chiefs were secretly ordered to disrupt campaigns of "disloyal" opposition politicians and to aid pro-government supporters. Ballot boxes were stolen in Kōchi Prefecture, and voting was made impossible in parts of Saga Prefecture; violations were most conspicuous in these two prefectures, Ishikawa and Fukuoka.
As with the 1890 election, the electorate was based on limited suffrage, with only male citizens 25 years of age and over, who had paid 15 Japanese Yen or more in national taxes, and who had been resident in their prefecture for at least a year, qualified to vote. The number of eligible voters who met this requirement was 434,594. The number of candidates for office was 900. Voter turnout was 91.54%.
Despite the violence, the so-called "mintō" (liberal parties)- the "Jiyutō", the "Rikken Kaishintō" and their affiliates) maintained their majority in the House of Representatives, winning 132 seats as opposed to 124 for pro-government candidates, with 44 independents.
The government faced an angry lower house when the next Diet term convened on May 6; even members of the House of Peers were outraged, issuing a resolution condemning the manner in which the election was held on May 11. Shinagawa was forced to resign the following month.

</doc>
<doc id="9738427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738427" title="Little Big Econ State Forest">
Little Big Econ State Forest

The Little Big Econ State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida. The forest is located in Central Florida, near Oviedo. It also includes a 12 mile singletrack bike trail.

</doc>
<doc id="9738449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738449" title="1990 480 km of Silverstone">
1990 480 km of Silverstone

The 1990 480 km of Silverstone was the third round of the 1990 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Silverstone Circuit, United Kingdom. It took place on May 20, 1990.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
† - #24 Nissan Motorsports Intl. and #20 Team Davey were listed as not classified due to taking too long to complete the final race lap.
‡ - #2 Team Sauber Mercedes had its qualifying times disallowed for receiving outside assistance while on the track during the qualifying session.

</doc>
<doc id="9738465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738465" title="Architectural photographers">
Architectural photographers

Early architectural photographers include Roger Fenton, Francis Frith (Middle East and Britain), Samuel Bourne (India) and Albert Levy (United States and Europe). They paved the way for the modern speciality of architectural photography. Later architectural photography had practitioners such as Ezra Stoller and Julius Shulman. Stoller worked mainly on the east coast of America, having graduated with a degree in architecture in the 1930s. Shulman, who was based on the West Coast, became an architectural photographer after some images that he had taken of one of Richard Neutra's houses in California made their way onto the architect's desk.

</doc>
<doc id="9738484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738484" title="Coober Pedy Airport">
Coober Pedy Airport

Coober Pedy Airport is an airport in Coober Pedy, South Australia. It has 1 boarding gate.

</doc>
<doc id="9738490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738490" title="Drink It Up">
Drink It Up

"Drink It Up" is the first single by Negativland released from the 1997 album "Dispepsi". The song is about a man who is gleeful thinking about Pepsi, but gets exaggeratedly depressed with other soft drinks. Its music video was released on the "Our Favorite Things" DVD.
Structure.
The lyrics of Drink It Up incorporate verbal puns from the point of view of the singer. For example, Sweet Success would fail him and Samuel Adams lager would make him "ale", but he gets happy when he starts drinking Pepsi.
However, when the singer praises Pepsi, he sings "my mind just turns to Pepsi," implying that his brain has literally turned into Pepsi. The phrase is a subtle reference to the notion of one's brain becoming waste.
On the album "Dispepsi", the song transitions into "Why Is This Commercial?", the remainder of "Drink It Up". It competes with "Christianity Is Stupid" for the song that has the fewest samples in it; the only sample features a child talking about a Pepsi advertisement about a vending machine that refuses to accept a man's dollar bill.

</doc>
<doc id="9738499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738499" title="Doueir">
Doueir

Doueir (Arabic: دوير, "al-Dwayr"), or Dweir, is a village of 7,500 inhabitants in Southern Lebanon near Nabatiyeh and north of the Litani River. Although Doueir is considered a small village, it is the home of many well-known Lebanese such as former Labour minister Ali Qanso, Mehdi Kanso,and the Late Nuclear Physics Scientist Rammal Rammal.
During the 2006 Lebanon War, Doueir was among the first targets of the IDF, with a family of 12 killed on July 13. The village has since benefited from investment by the Italian government to build a new olive oil mill.

</doc>
<doc id="9738511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738511" title="Old Chelmsford Garrison House">
Old Chelmsford Garrison House

The "Old Chelmsford" Garrison House (also known as the Old Chelmsford Garrison House Complex) is a historic house at 105 Garrison Road in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. It is the oldest house in Chelmsford, and has been preserved by the Garrison House Society as a museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The exact date the building was erected is not known; it is claimed by the Society to have been built before 1691, when it is claimed to be one of the houses listed as a garrison house in Chelmsford, but a 1702 deed transferring land on which it stands does not mention it. Thomas Adams deeded the land to his son, Peletiah Adams, in 1683, and Peletiah deeded the land to his two sons in 1702, who probably built the house. Stylistic analysis of its construction also supports a post-1700 construction date. The same stylistic analysis casts doubt on the belief that the house actually served as a fortified garrison.
Before the title passed to the Garrison House Society in 1952, only three families had previously owned it. Very few modifications had been made to it in all that time, making it a relatively accurate historic showpiece. The house now shares its lot with a barn, summer kitchen, a working blacksmith shop, an herb garden, a craft house and the "Hill Jock House," which was saved from destruction and moved in 2004 to the lot shared by the Old Chelmsford Garrison House.

</doc>
<doc id="9738519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738519" title="Robert Folz">
Robert Folz

Robert Folz (1910–1996) was a French medievalist and specialist on the Carolingian era.
Born in Metz, Folz spent his academic career at the University of Burgundy in Dijon. Professor of history from 1947, he headed the History department as Dean and Professor Emeritus from 1968, and the faculty of Arts from 1978. From 1956 he was a member of the Academy of Science, Arts, and Belles-lettres of Dijon.
His papers are held, as the "Fonds Robert Folz", by the University of Burgundy.

</doc>
<doc id="9738524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738524" title="Caudron Aiglon">
Caudron Aiglon

The Caudron C.600 Aiglon was a 1930s French two-seat monoplane sport/touring aircraft built by Caudron–Renault.
Development.
The Aiglon (en: "Eaglet") was designed by Marcel Riffard after he took over the design department when Caudron merged with Renault. The Aiglon was a two-seat low-wing cantilever monoplane with tandem open cockpits. The first of two prototypes first flew in March 1935 from Issy-les-Moulineaux, France. Two special long-distance versions (the C.610 Aiglon) were built with an increased fuel capacity. In December 1935 a C.610 was flown from Paris to Saigon at an average speed of 80 mph (129 km/h).
The type was popular with French private owners and flying clubs, and a number were sold abroad. With the outbreak of the Second World War many of the aircraft were requistioned by the French Government for use as liaison aircraft by the Armée de l'Air. Total production of the Aiglon was 203 aircraft, including 178 of the basic Renault 4Pgi Bengali Junior powered model.
Operators.
The aircraft was operated by flying clubs, private individuals and a few air forces:

</doc>
<doc id="9738528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738528" title="Tim Miles">
Tim Miles

Tim Miles (born August 20, 1966) is an American college basketball coach and the current head men's basketball coach at University of Nebraska. Miles previously served as the head coach at Colorado State University. He is a graduate of the University of Mary.
Coaching career.
A successful coach in NAIA (Mayville State) and NCAA Division II (Southwest Minnesota State), Miles took over at North Dakota State in 2001. Shortly thereafter, the school declared its intent to reclassify from Division II and transition to Division I. The school would be ineligible for postseason play in its first five years of the transition, and was initially without a conference. On January 21, 2006, in just the school's second year in Division 1, NDSU pulled off a shocking 62–55 upset of #12 Wisconsin at the Kohl Center. The Bison, starting three redshirt freshman, ended Wisconsin's 27-game home winning streak against non-conference opponents. Miles would be named the Division I Independent Coach of the Year by CBS Sportsline.
The following season the Bison pulled yet another stunning upset. NDSU won at #8 Marquette in the championship game of the school's Blue and Gold Classic 64–60. The Bison would go on to finish 20–8, their best season under Miles. Of note, one year after Miles departed, at which time the school had since gained entry to the Summit League, the Bison made the NCAA Tournament under Miles' top assistant and successor, Saul Phillips, in their first year of eligibility primarily with the same players (as seniors) Miles had recruited and coached during their upsets of Wisconsin and Marquette.
On March 22, 2007, Miles was named head coach at Colorado State, replacing Dale Layer. Miles inherited just two players from the 2007 roster, and struggled to succeed early, going so far as to hold walkon tryouts to fill his first roster. After going winless in conference during his first season, Miles' teams improved gradually in the following years.
In May 2011, after winning 19 games and guiding CSU to its seventh appearance in the NIT during the 2010-11 season, he signed a 5-year contract with Colorado State.
The 2011-12 season saw Miles once again pulling upsets over ranked opponents. On January 28, CSU upset #12 San Diego State 77-60 at Moby Arena, marking the program's first win over a ranked opponent since 2004. Just over a month later the Rams stunned #18 New Mexico 71-63. Then, on February 29, Colorado State rallied from down 15 at half to defeat #17 UNLV 66-59. All three wins came at Moby Arena where CSU went 14-1, including 7-0 against Mountain West teams, the program's first perfect home season in conference play since 1960. Finishing with a 20-11 overall record, 8-6 in the Mountain West, Colorado State was awarded an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament. It was CSU's first trip to the NCAA Tournament since 2003 and their first at-large bid to the field since 1990. The Rams were the 11th seed in the West Regional and fell to 6th seed Murray State.
On March 24, 2012 Miles was named the next head men's basketball coach at the University of Nebraska, replacing Doc Sadler.

</doc>
<doc id="9738540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738540" title="Phylogenetic comparative methods">
Phylogenetic comparative methods

Phylogenetic comparative methods (PCMs) use information on the evolutionary relationships of organisms (phylogenetic trees) to compare species (Harvey and Pagel, 1991). The most common applications are to test for correlated evolutionary changes in two or more traits, or to determine whether a trait contains a phylogenetic signal (the tendency for related species to resemble each other et al. 2003). However, several methods are available to relate particular phenotypic traits to variation in rates of speciation and/or extinction, including attempts to identify evolutionary key innovations. Although most studies that employ PCMs focus on extant organisms, the methods can also be applied to extinct taxa and can incorporate information from the fossil record.
Owing to their computational requirements, they are usually implemented by computer programs (see list below). PCMs can be viewed as part of evolutionary biology, systematics, phylogenetics, bioinformatics or even statistics, as most methods involve statistical procedures and principles for estimation of various parameters and drawing inferences about evolutionary processes.
What distinguishes PCMs from most traditional approaches in systematics and phylogenetics is that they typically do not attempt to infer the phylogenetic relationships of the species under study. Rather, they use an independent estimate of the phylogenetic tree (topology plus branch lengths) that is derived from a separate phylogenetic analysis, such as comparative DNA sequences that have been analyzed by maximum parsimony, maximum likelihood or Bayesian methods. PCMs are consumers of phylogenetic trees, not primary producers of them. Accordingly, the list of phylogenetics software shows little overlap with the programs for PCMs (see below).
Comparison of species to elucidate aspects of biology has a long history. Charles Darwin relied on such comparisons as a major source of evidence when writing The Origin of Species. Many other fields of biology use interspecific comparison as well, including behavioral ecology, ethology, ecophysiology, comparative physiology, evolutionary physiology, functional morphology, comparative biomechanics, and the study of sexual selection.
The comparative method is also used heavily in linguistics.
Applications.
PCMs can be used to analyze the origin and maintenance of biodiversity. Biodiversity is most commonly discussed in terms of the number of species, but it can also be phrased in terms of the amount of phenotypic (e.g., physiological, morphological) space that a given set of species occupies (see also Cambrian explosion).
Phylogenetic comparative methods are commonly applied to such questions as:
→ "Example: how does brain mass vary in relation to body mass?"
→ "Example: do canids have larger hearts than felids?"
→ "Example: do carnivores have larger home ranges than herbivores?"
→ "Example: where did endothermy evolve in the lineage that led to mammals?"
→ "Example: where, when, and why did placentas and viviparity evolve?"
→ "Example: are behavioral traits more labile during evolution?
→ "Example: why do small-bodied species have shorter life spans than their larger relatives?
Phylogenetically independent contrasts.
Felsenstein (1985) proposed the first general statistical method for incorporating phylogenetic information, i.e., the first that could use any arbitrary topology (branching order) and a specified set of branch lengths. The method is now recognized as an algorithm that implements a special case of what are termed phylogenetic generalized least-squares models (Grafen, 1989). The logic of the method is to use phylogenetic information (and an assumed Brownian motion like model of trait evolution) to transform the original tip data (mean values for a set of species) into values that are statistically independent and identically distributed.
The algorithm involves computing values at internal nodes as an intermediate step, but they are generally not used for inferences by themselves. An exception occurs for the basal (root) node, which can be interpreted as an estimate of the ancestral value for the entire tree (assuming that no directional evolutionary trends Cope's rule have occurred) or as a phylogenetically weighted estimate of the mean for the entire set of tip species (terminal taxa). The value at the root is equivalent to that obtained from the "squared-change parsimony" algorithm and is also the maximum likelihood estimate under Brownian motion. The independent contrasts algebra can also be used to compute a standard error or confidence interval.
Phylogenetically informed Monte Carlo computer simulations.
Martins and Garland (1991) proposed that one way to account for phylogenetic relations when conducting statistical analyses was to use computer simulations to create many data sets that are consistent with the null hypothesis under test (e.g., no correlation between two traits, no difference between two ecologically defined groups of species) but that mimic evolution along the relevant phylogenetic tree. If such data sets (typically 1,000 or more) are analyzed with the same statistical procedure that is used to analyze a real data set, then results for the simulated data sets can be used to create phylogenetically correct (or "PC" ]) null distributions of the test statistic (e.g., a correlation coefficient, t, F). Such simulation approaches can also be combined with methods like phylogenetically independent contrasts (see above).
Related quotations.
In addition to having a long and extremely productive history in biology, comparative methods are often controversial. Rather than attempt to recount the various controversies, many of which are ongoing, quotes (in chronological order) are illustrative.
"Ought we, for instance, to begin by discussing each separate species - man, lion, ox, and the like - taking each kind in hand independently of the rest, or ought we rather to deal first with the attributes which they have in common in virtue of some common element of their nature, and proceed from this as a basis for the consideration of the separately?" (Aristotle, De partibus animalium; quoted in Harvey and Pagel, 1991, p. 35)
"In parallel with laboratory experimental methods, the comparative method increases in value with its sample size, i.e., the number of species being compared. When species are few and their phylogenetic relationships are clouded in the distant past of unfossilized ancestors, the comparative method reaps fewer conclusions of trust." (Hailman, 1976, p. 20)
"... there is no easy way, except by comparison, to test most questions about the long-term history of life, or to generate predictions from evolutionary considerations." (Alexander, 1979, p. 13)
"... we must learn to treat comparative data with the same respect as we would treat experimental results ..." (Maynard Smith and Holliday, 1979, p. vii)
"In the past, however, cooperation between systematists and other comparative biologists has been sporadic at best. Most experimental biologists have ignored taxonomy and systematics, some even to the extent of not bothering to provide their animals with proper identifications or scientific names." (Atz et al., 1980, p. 7)
"If we assume that the ... cladogram .. is correct, we can then hypothesize what the particular common ancestor must have been like." (Atz et al., 1980, p. 14)
"... biology will never secure fossils of all species in the past because fossilization is such a rare process, requiring just the right physical and chemical conditions. Therefore, in order to trace probable phylogenetic lineages one must reason from the evidence at hand: the characteristics of contemporary animals themselves which are the end-points of phylogeny (evolutionary history)." (Hailman, 1981, p. 93)
"... the comparative method of 1950 was indistinguishable from the comparative method of 350 BC ..." (Ridley, 1983, p. 6)
"Focusing only on highly adapted species may, of course, bring valuable information on extreme situations but might also obscure the basic mechanisms." (Bankir and Rouffignac, 1985, p. R663)
"Most of what we know is based upon comparison. When asked to describe a food not previously tasted or a new kind of music, one often responds that the taste is "like" some other food, or that the sensation "differs" in a particular way from something that is familiar. Indeed, comparison and the similarities and differences it discloses is ingrained in our approach to description of objects, events and processes. Hence the questions "what can we compare?" and its ancillary "how shall we compare?" prove to be the key to any study of natural phenomena." (Gans, 1985, p. 291)
"Some reviewers of this paper felt that the message was "rather nihilistic," and suggested that it would be much improved if I could present a simple and robust method that obviated the need to have an accurate knowledge of phylogeny. I entirely sympathize, but do not have a method that solves the problem. The best we can do is perhaps to use pairs of close relatives as suggested above, although this discards at least half of the data. Comparative biologists may understandably feel frustrated upon being told that they need to know the phylogenies of their groups in great detail, when this is not something they had much interest in knowing. Nevertheless, efforts to cope with the effects of the phylogeny will have to be made. Phylogenies are fundamental to comparative biology; there is no doing it without taking them into account." (Felsenstein, 1985, p. 14)
"Comparative biologists tend to suspect comparisons of distantly related species; they hope to base their comparisons on recent evolutionary events that have not been overlaid by much subsequent change." (Felsenstein, 1988, p. 465)
"Yet, one of the most embarrassing things that could be done to a group of respected biologists would be to ask them to spend a few minutes to write down what is meant by the comparative method, and what are the basic goals and principles of biological comparison." (Bock, 1989, p. 18 in Starck, 1998, p. 110)
"As welcome as it is to see the lung successfully employed as a systematic index, it is, on the other hand, unfortunate. Thereby, lungs lose their innocence in the sense that phylogenetic trees and cladograms can no longer be used to help resolve the sequence in the development of lung structure without the danger of circular argumentation." (Perry, 1989, p. 200)
"To be maximally informative, such studies should be undertaken on closely related groups of organisms, so that factors extraneous to the comparison can be minimized ..." (Bennett and Huey, 1990, p. 272)
"The comparative approach is not new. Indeed, it was Darwin's favoured technique. ... In short, comparative studies have taught us most of what we know about adaptation." (Harvey and Pagel, 1991, p. v)
"In short, all useful comparative methods are based on explicit models of evolutionary change." (Harvey and Pagel, 1991, p. v)
"Adaptation is an inherently comparative idea ..." (Harvey and Pagel, 1991, p. 13)
"The usual symptom of non-independence is that closely related species tend to be more alike than more distantly related species." (Harvey and Pagel, 1991, p. 81)
"... to use species as independent data points in a comparative analysis requires that one ignores phylogenetic relationships." (Harvey and Pagel, 1991, p. 122)
"Because life-history traits are likely to be correlated with a species' phylogenetic history, unequivocal evidence for adaptation to local environmental conditions may be recognized only after the variation in a trait attributable to phylogeny is removed." (Miles and Dunham, 1992, p. 848)
"Broad-scale comparative evidence from across a large number of taxa may often help set limits to the applicability of hypotheses that have been generated from a particular phenomenon in a particular species." (Moller and Birkhead, 1992, p. 650)
"Any comparative study lacking a phylogenetic perspective now would be incomplete." (Miles and Dunham, 1993, p. 590)
"However, in general, the evolutionary process involves descent with modification, and in the absence of modification, one must conclude that similarities among closely related taxa reflect shared ancestry. Phylogeny, then, is an important explanatory principle for understanding shared characteristics and should be the null hypothesis in all tests of similarity or differentiation among taxa." (Di Fiore and Rendall, 1994, p. 9945)
"Moreover, comparative studies supply only correlational data. Correlation does not demonstrate causation ..." (Garland and Adolph, 1994, p. 823)
"In addition to his theory of natural selection, the comparative method is what made Darwin great. If you don't believe this claim, look at any of his major works. They are packed full with interspecific comparisons based on detailed studies and anecdotal observations." (Hauser, 1996, p. 10)
"Population comparisons can provide particularly powerful means of evaluating adaptive hypotheses for two reasons. The first is that there tend to be fewer differences between populations than between species. Consequently, there are fewer covarying traits to confound analyses ... Second, divergent populations are often relatively young and may be more likely to reside in the habitats in which their derived character states evolved than is the case for divergent species with potentially longer intervening histories ..." (Foster and Cameron, 1996, p. 140).
"Naive, prephylogenetic comparative tests should be kept at the other end of a barge pole." (Ridley and Grafen, 1996, p. 87)
"It is the study of the bizarre, the outliers, the freaks, that gives us some of our clearest insights into the hows and whys of evolution." (Torr, 1998, p. 52)

</doc>
<doc id="9738542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738542" title="Paddy (pigeon)">
Paddy (pigeon)

Paddy (Pigeon number NPS.43.9451) was an Irish carrier pigeon awarded the Dickin Medal after being the fastest pigeon to arrive back in England with news of the success of the D-Day invasion, out of hundreds dispatched. He flew 230 miles across the English Channel in four hours and fifty minutes, the fastest recorded crossing, and was awarded the medal on 1 September 1944, just under three months after the crossing. Paddy was trained by Andrew Hughes of Carnlough and is the only animal in Ireland to be awarded this medal.
The medal citation reads,
His medal was sold at auction for almost £7,000 in September 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="9738567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738567" title="Caledonia's Ultimate Beach Event">
Caledonia's Ultimate Beach Event

CUBE (Caledonia's Ultimate Beach Event) is a beach ultimate competition held on the sands of Balmedie, just north of Aberdeen, United Kingdom. The competition was started in 2000 by the University of Aberdeen Ultimate Club ('Positive Mojo'), and has since grown into an international event. The tournament is open to any team although the majority of participating teams are from local (Scottish) universities. 
Formally the Beach Ultimate Lovers Association (BULA) official British Ultimate Beach Championships, the tournament has been held every year since its inception with the exception of 2006. CUBE is the most northerly BULA affiliated tournament. The tournament is usually held in late April when the local weather conditions are beginning to improve following winter; however the tournament has gone ahead with the sand hidden by snow!

</doc>
<doc id="9738571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738571" title="Mayfield Fellows Program">
Mayfield Fellows Program

The Mayfield Fellows Program is a university program that offers students in-depth training and experience in high-tech entrepreneurship.
The program, originally called the "Technology Ventures Co-op," was founded in 1996 at Stanford University and expanded in 2001 to include the University of California, Berkeley. The two programs each have a slightly different focus. At Stanford, the students are generally seniors, mostly in engineering and science, often pursuing coterminal Masters degrees. At Berkeley, the students are generally graduate students in business or engineering.
The students benefit from doing case studies in the classroom, interning at high-tech startup companies, and meeting with senior-level mentors from those companies and the venture capital industry.

</doc>
<doc id="9738574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738574" title="Southern Methodist University Press">
Southern Methodist University Press

Southern Methodist University Press (or SMU Press) is a university press that is part of Southern Methodist University. It was established in 1937 and is the oldest academic publisher in Texas. The press releases eight to ten titles each year and is known for its literary fiction. It was scheduled to suspend operations on June 1, 2010. The provost of SMU announced in 2011 plans to reorganize the press with a smaller budget and different goals.
History of SMU Press.
The first book published by the press was Samuel Wood Greiser's "Naturalists of the Frontier" (1937). However, the unofficial start of the SMU Press was in 1924, when the "Southwest Review" was moved from Austin to Dallas. John H. McGinnis served as the unpaid, unofficial editor-in-chief of the "Southwest Review" from 1927 to 1943 and played an essential role in founding the press. McGinnis acted as the unofficial director of the press during its first five years, in which only three titles were published. In 1939 Maxwell Allen was the first to become a paid employee of the press. From 1942 to 1945, Allen served in the Navy and then returned on January 1, 1946 as the director of the SMU Press. He continued as director until his retirement in 1981. The press reached its 100th title published in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9738587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738587" title="Ponte della Libertà">
Ponte della Libertà

Ponte della Libertà (English: "Freedom Bridge") is a road bridge connecting the historical center of the city of Venice, that is a group of islands, to the mainland.
Designed in 1932 by engineer Eugenio Miozzi, and opened by Benito Mussolini in 1933 as Ponte Littorio, the bridge is the only access for road vehicles to the historical center of the capital city of Veneto. At the end of World War II it was renamed Ponte della Libertà to honour the end of the Fascist dictatorship and of the Nazi occupation. The bridge is the final end of the old public road 11 (Padana Superiore), it is long and has two lanes each way, with no emergency lane. It is built alongside the Venice Railroad Bridge, which was constructed in 1846, with two tracks each way, and is still in use.

</doc>
<doc id="9738600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738600" title="List of West Virginia Attorneys General">
List of West Virginia Attorneys General

Below is a list of West Virginia Attorneys General since 1863:

</doc>
<doc id="9738639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738639" title="Alexandra Maksimova">
Alexandra Maksimova

Alexandra Maksimova (born June 19, 1989 in Minsk, Belarus) is a Belarusian ice dancer. She competed with Egor Maistrov. They teamed up in 2005 and were the 2006 Belarusian national silver medalists. Their partnership ended following the 2006/2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9738659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738659" title="Yahor Maistrov">
Yahor Maistrov

Yahor Maistrov (also: Egor Maistrov, born 14 February 1988) is a Belarusian former competitive ice dancer. He married Ksenia Shmirina in 2007 and began skating with her that year. He previously competed with Alexandra Maksimova, with whom he teamed up in 2005 and was the 2006 Belarusian national silver medalists.

</doc>
<doc id="9738673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9738673" title="Groupe Caisse d'Épargne">
Groupe Caisse d'Épargne

Groupe Caisse d'épargne is a French semi-cooperative banking group, founded in 1818, with around 4700 branches in the country. The group is active in retail and private banking, as well as holding a significant stake in the publicly traded investment bank Natixis.
Operations.
The group's most notable brand is the "Caisse d'épargne" network of mutual savings banks. Along with La Banque Postale and Crédit Mutuel, the bank shared the rights to offer the popular Livret A savings accounts, backed by the French government until January 1, 2009.
In addition, the group is also the owner of the mortgage bank Crédit Foncier, the corporate and private bank Banque Palatine and Financière Océor, a commercial, private asset management and specialist finance bank serving France's overseas departments. 
In 2006 Groupe Caisse d'épargne merged its investment bank IXIS Corporate and Investment Bank with Groupe Banque Populaire's Natexis, creating Natixis, a publicly traded investment bank in which Caisse d'épargne and Groupe Banque Populaire currently hold an equal stake of 35.25%. Groupe Caisse d'épargne has also since merged its private wealth management bank La Compagnie 1818 into the Natixis group.
The group is listed in the 2007 ICA Global 300 list of mutuals and co-operatives, ranked 11th by 2005 turnover, making it the 2nd largest co-operative banking group in the world, after Crédit Agricole. It was the fourth French bank and the twenty-fifth bank in the world by total assets in 2008.
Trading loss.
The company suffered a €751 million derivatives trading loss in October 2008, which it blamed partly on the high market volatility at the time. The group of employees responsible for making the unauthorised trades were dismissed.
Proposed merger.
In October 2008 Groupe Caisse d'épargne announced plans to merge with fellow mutual Groupe Banque Populaire, in response to recent consolidation in the banking industry. Press agency AFP linked the announcement directly to the ongoing global liquidity crisis. The companies intend however to retain their separate retail banking brands and branch networks. If the merger is completed, the enlarged company, would hold €480 billion in deposits and have over six million customers.
Groupe Caisse d'épargne merges with the BFBP (Banque fédérale des banques populaires) in July 2009, and became BPCE, the France's second largest bank.
Sponsorship.
The group was the title sponsor of a Spanish professional cycling team from 2006 to 2010, after which Movistar took over sponsorship.

</doc>
