<doc id="9775102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775102" title="State Fair (musical)">
State Fair (musical)

State Fair is a musical with a book by Tom Briggs and Louis Mattioli, lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II, and music by Richard Rodgers.
Rodgers and Hammerstein originally adapted the Phil Stong novel of the same name for a 1945 movie musical, which was remade in 1962. The stage production closely follows the plot of its predecessors, providing a glimpse into the life of the farming Frake family and their three-day adventure at the Iowa State Fair in Des Moines in 1946. While parents Abel and Melissa are hoping to win a few blue ribbons, siblings Margy and Wayne are more interested in finding romance on the midway.
Production history.
In 1969, The Muny in St. Louis presented the world stage premiere of "State Fair" starring Ozzie and Harriet Nelson with Ron Husmann, Jerry Lanning, Bonnie Schon, Carol Richards, Tom Pedi, Tommy Tune and Lawrence Leritz (stage debut) in the children's chorus. The production was directed by James Hammerstein, supervised by Richard Rodgers and also choreographed by Tommy Tune. Additional songs included in this production were three from "Me & Juliet"; "It's Me!", "Keep It Gay" and "Marriage Type Love" and a new one, "Away From Home."
In 1992 a new stage adaptation, by Tom Briggs and Louis Mattioli, was produced as part of the Broadway Preview Series at the North Carolina School of the Arts, and was directed and choreographed by Randy Skinner. The show played at the Stevens Center in Winston-Salem from July 17-August 16, 1992. From North Carolina, the show moved to Long Beach Civic Light Opera in October 1992. A re-staging of the 1992 version received a lengthy national tour, opening at the 1995 Iowa State Fair at the Civic Center of Greater Des Moines on August 12.
The Broadway production, co-directed by James Hammerstein (Oscar's son) and Randy Skinner and choreographed by Skinner opened on March 27, 1996 at the Music Box Theatre, where it ran for 110 performances and eight previews. It was the final show produced by the legendary David Merrick. The cast included, as the Frake family John Davidson as Abel, Kathryn Crosby as Melissa, Andrea McArdle as Margy, and Ben Wright as Wayne, with Donna McKechnie (Emily) and Scott Wise (Pat) as the love interests. Susan Egan took over the role of Margy part way through the run when McArdle broke her ankle in June 1996. The set design was by James Leonard Joy, the costume design by Michael Bottari and Ronald Case, and the lighting design was by Natasha Katz. The production received 1996 Tony Award nominations for Best Score and Best Featured Actor in a Musical for Scott Wise. It also received three Drama Desk nominations for Best Featured Actor in a Musical for Scott Wise and Ben Wright and Best Featured Actress in a Musical for Donna McKechnie.
On August 3, 2010, the Finborough Theatre production opened at London's Trafalgar Studios 2, starring Philip Rham, Karl Clarkson, Laura Main and Susan Travers. The show opened to generally positive reviews with "The Guardian" quoting "It's a great night out, and as exhilarating as a hoedown". Due to demand the run was extended two weeks to September 11, 2010.
Plot.
The Frake family of Iowa make plans to attend the State Fair in late summer 1946. Father Abel Frake has hopes that his boar will win a prize; his wife Melissa is entering her mincemeat. Daughter Margy is upset with her beau's (Harry) plans for their life together ("It Might as Well Be Spring"). The family heads for the fair ("Driving at Night/Our State Fair"), where son Wayne meets Emily Arden, a singer, and falls instantly in love ("That's for Me"). Meanwhile, Melissa's mincemeat has won a Blue Ribbon. Margy meets Pat, a reporter, and a mutual romantic attraction develops.
On the last day of the fair, Abel's boar wins the Blue Ribbon, Emily breaks off the growing relationship with Wayne, and Pat must leave for a new job. Back home, Wayne returns to his old girlfriend Eleanor. Pat arrives unexpectedly and asks Margy to marry him. Margy accepts.
Musical numbers.
The five songs from the original 1945 film score were supplemented by others that were either featured in, or cut from, other Rodgers and Hammerstein shows. One, "More Than Just a Friend," was written by Rodgers for the 1962 film remake after Hammerstein's death. "Driving at Night" was created by co-director James Hammerstein and the production's orchestrator, Bruce Pomahac, with music from a song that had been cut from "Allegro" entitled "Two Short Years".
The starred songs (above) were in the original 1945 or 1962 films.
Recording.
The 1996 Original Broadway Cast recording is on DRG Records 94765 (CD/CS).

</doc>
<doc id="9775123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775123" title="Carlow">
Carlow

Carlow () is the county town of County Carlow in Ireland. It is situated in the south-east of Ireland, 84 km from Dublin. County Carlow is the second smallest county in Ireland by area, however Carlow Town is the 14th largest urban area in Ireland by population according to the 2011 census with a population of 23,030. The River Barrow flows through the town, and forms the historic boundary between counties Laois and Carlow: the Local Government (Ireland) Act 1898 included the town entirely in County Carlow. The settlement of Carlow is thousands of years old and pre-dates written Irish history. The town has played a major role in Irish history, serving as the capital of the country in the 14th century. It was voted the cleanest town in Ireland by Irish Business Against Litter (IBAL) in 2010.
Etymology.
The name "Carlow" is an anglicisation of the Irish language name "Ceatharlach". Historically, it was anglicised as "Caherlagh", "Caterlagh" and "Catherlagh", which are closer to the Irish spelling. According to logainm.ie, the first part of the name derives from the Old Irish word "cethrae" ("animals, cattle, herds, flocks"), which is related to "ceathar" ("four") and therefore signified "four-legged". The second part of the name is the ending "-lach".
Some, such as Deirdre Flanagan, believe that the name should be "Ceatharloch" (meaning "quadruple lake"), since "ceathar" means "four" and "loch" means "lake".
History.
The Carlow county area has been settled for thousands of years, evidence of human occupation extends back thousands of years, the most notable and dramatic prehistoric site being the Browneshill Dolmen – a megalithic portal tomb just outside of Carlow town.
Now part of the diocese of Kildare and Leighlin, several Early Christian settlements are still in evidence today around the county. St Mullin's monastery is believed to have been established around the 7th century, the ruins of which are still in evidence today. Old Leighlin was the site of one of the largest monastic settlements in Ireland and the location for a church synod in 630 AD which determined the date of Easter. St Comhgall built a monastery in the Carlow area in the 6th century, an old church building and burial ground survive today at Castle Hill known as Mary's Abbey. Carlow was an Irish stronghold for agriculture in the early 1800s which earned the county the nickname of the scallion eaters. Famine wiped out a lot of the population, cutting it in half.
Carlow Castle was constructed by William Marshal, Earl of Striguil and Lord of Leinster, c1207-13, to guard the vital river crossing. It was also to serve as the capital of the Lordship of Ireland from 1361 until 1374. This imposing structure survived largely intact until 1814 when it was mostly destroyed in an attempt to turn the building into a lunatic asylum. The present remains now are the West Wall with two of its cylindrical towers. The bridge over the river Barrow – Graiguecullen Bridge, is agreed to date to 1569. The original structure was largely replaced and widened in 1815 when it was named Wellington Bridge in celebration of the defeat of Napoleon's army by the Duke of Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo in June of that year. The bridge was built across a small island in the river and a 19th-century house was constructed on the bridge – this was for a time occupied by the Poor Clares, an enclosed religious order who still have a convent in Graiguecullen. Another convent belonging to the Presentation Order of nuns now houses the County Library and beautifully restored, newly opened Carlow County Museum. The Cathedral, designed by Thomas Cobden, was the first Catholic cathedral to be built in Ireland after Catholic Emancipation in 1829. Its construction cost £9,000 and was completed in 1833. Beside the cathedral, Saint Patrick's College dates from 1793. The College, was established in 1782 to teach the humanities to both lay students and those studying for the priesthood. The Carlow Courthouse was constructed in the 19th century. There are still many old estates and houses in the surrounding areas, among them Ducketts Grove and Dunlecky Manor. St Mullin's today houses a heritage centre.
In 1703 the Irish House of Commons appointed a committee to bring in a bill to make the Barrow navigable, by 1800 the Barrow Track was completed between St. Mullin's and Athy, establishing a link to the Grand Canal which runs between Dublin and the Shannon. By 1845 88,000 tons of goods were being transported on the Barrow Navigation. Carlow was also one of the earliest towns to be connected by train, the Great Southern and Western Railway had opened its mainline as far as Carlow in 1846, this was extended further to reach Cork in 1849. The chief engineer, William Dargan, originally hailed from Killeshin, just outside of Carlow. At the peak of railway transport Ireland, Carlow county was also served by a railway line to Tullow. Public supply of electricity in Carlow was first provided from Milford Mill, approximately 8 km south of Carlow, in 1891. Milford Mill still generates electricity feeding into the national grid. Following independence in the early 1920s the new government of the Irish Free State decided to establish a sugar-processing plant in Leinster, Carlow was settled on as the location due to its transport links and large agricultural hinterland, favourable for growing sugar beet.
The town is recalled in the famous Irish folk song, Follow Me Up to Carlow, written in the 19th century about the Battle of Glenmalure, part of the Desmond Rebellions of the late 16th century. In 1650, during the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland, Carlow was besieged and taken by English Parliamentarian forces, hastening the end of the Siege of Waterford and the capitulation of that city. During the 1798 rebellion Carlow was the scene of a massacre of 600 rebels and civilians following an unsuccessful attack on the town by the United Irishmen, known as the Battle of Carlow. The Liberty Tree sculpture in Carlow, designed by John Behan, commemorates the events of 1798. The rebels slain in Carlow town are buried in the 'Croppies Grave', in '98 Street, Graiguecullen.
Places of interest.
One of Carlow's most notable landmarks is the Brownshill Dolmen, situated on the Hacketstown Road (R726). The capstone of this impressive Dolmen is reputed to be the largest in Europe.
Carlow Castle was probably built between 1207 and 1213 by William Marshall on the site of a motte erected by Hugh de Lacy in the 1180s. Only the western wall and two towers now survive. It is located on the banks of the River Barrow near Carlow town centre. The castle is now the imposing centrepiece of a major urban renewal programme.
Ducketts Grove is the ruin's of the Georgian home of the Duckett Family, built circa 1800s. It was taken over by Carlow County Council in 2005, who restored the walled gardens for use by the public as a park. It is situated just off the R418.
Carlow Courthouse is situated at the end of Dublin Street. It was designed by William Vitruvius Morrison in 1830 and completed in 1834. It is built of Carlow granite and gives the impression of being a temple set on a high plinth. The basement contains cells and dungeons. A cannon from the Crimean War stands on the steps.
Carlow Town Hall is situated on the north side of the Haymarket, and was the trading centre for Carlow. A number of other markets were located around the town, including the Potato Market and Butter Market. The Town Hall was designed by the church architect William Hague in 1884.
Milford is a green area on the River Barrow approx 5 miles outside of Carlow town. It is notable as its home to Milford Mill, which was the first inland hydro-electrical plant in Ireland. It began supplying Carlow town with power in 1891.
Economy.
Carlow industry has come a long way since the early 20th century, when the town became the centre of Ireland's slow process of industrialisation with the creation of the Irish Sugar Company – then the cutting edge of industry in Ireland, the sugar factory opened in 1926 as a private enterprise and was eventually nationalised before reverting to private ownership. The sugar factory was closed on 11 March 2005 as the management of the parent company Greencore decided that it was no longer economical to run the factory nor was it viable to upgrade the facility. The country's last remaining plant at Mallow, County Cork closed in 2006.
One of the traditional, principal employers in Carlow was OralB Braun, which had a large factory producing mostly hair dryers and electric toothbrushes, however this closed in 2010. Burnside is also a principal employer in the area which produces hydraulic cylinders. The Institute of Technology is also a significant employer in the town. Since opening its doors in October 2003 Fairgreen Shopping Centre has also played a large part in employment in the area, with Tesco, Heatons, Next, New Look and River Island being the main tenants of the shopping centre. Nonetheless, the town shares problems associated with other provincial towns in Ireland – the inability to attract significant new industry. Pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co. intends to build a new vaccine manufacturing plant in Carlow.
Transport.
The N9 road from Dublin to Waterford passed directly through the town until May 2008 when a bypass, part of the M9 motorway, was opened, greatly reducing traffic through the town. The N80 National secondary road skirts the edge of the town. The town is also connected to the national rail network. These transport links have helped Carlow to become a successful satellite town of Dublin in recent years. The establishment of the Institute of Technology, Carlow, has also helped drive growth in the area and encouraged many school leavers to remain in the town. Carlow railway station opened on 4 August 1846 and was closed for goods traffic on 9 June 1976, it remains open for public travel.
Sport.
Motor racing.
On Thursday, 2 July 1903 the Gordon Bennett Cup ran through Carlow. It was the first international motor race to be held in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, an honorific to Selwyn Edge who had won the 1902 event in Paris driving a Napier. The Automobile Club of Great Britain and Ireland wanted the race to be hosted in the British Isles, and their secretary, Claude Johnson, suggested Ireland as the venue because racing was illegal on British public roads. The editor of the "Dublin Motor News", Richard Mecredy, suggested an area in County Kildare, and letters were sent to 102 Irish MPs, 90 Irish peers, 300 newspapers, 34 chairmen of county and local councils, 34 County secretaries, 26 mayors, 41 railway companies, 460 hoteliers, 13 PPs, plus the Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin, Patrick Foley, who pronounced himself in favour. Local laws had to be adjusted, ergo the 'Light Locomotives (Ireland) Bill' was passed on 27 March 1903. Kildare and other local councils drew attention to their areas, whilst Queen's County declared "That every facility will be given and the roads placed at the disposal of motorists during the proposed race." Eventually Kildare was chosen, partly on the grounds that the straightness of the roads would be a safety benefit. As a compliment to Ireland the British team chose to race in Shamrock green which thus became known as British racing green, although the winning Napier of 1902 had been painted Olive green.
The route consisted of two loops that comprised a figure of eight, the first was a 52-mile loop that included Kilcullen, The Curragh, Kildare, Monasterevin, Stradbally, Athy, followed by a 40-mile loop through Castledermot, Carlow, and Athy again. The race started at the Ballyshannon cross-roads () near Calverstown on the contemporary N78 heading north, then followed the N9 north; the N7 west; the N80 south; the N78 north again; the N9 south; the N80 north; the N78 north again. Competitors were started at seven-minute intervals and had to follow bicycles through the 'control zones' in each town. The race was won by the famous Belgian Camille Jenatzy, driving a Mercedes in German colours.
Racquetball.
The Carlow Racquetball club was set up in 1978. The club is one of only 7 in the south eastern region and is the largest of these.
Twin towns.
Carlow is twinned with the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="9775125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775125" title="Lucian Dunăreanu">
Lucian Dunăreanu

Lucian Dunăreanu (born 22 November 1977) is a Romanian gay rights activist and the executive director of Be An Angel Romania, an LGBT rights organisation based in Cluj-Napoca.
LGBT activities.
Since 2004 he has organized the Gay Film Nights Festival, which includes, alongside a film festival, the Miss Travesty contest and the Gay Prize Gala for contributions to Romania's LGBT community. Dunăreanu is the editor of Romania's first LGBT magazine, "Angelicuss"; he was also editor of the short-lived "Switch" magazine.
Dunareanu is the owner of the Veverițele Vesele - ex-Toxice musical group, which is the first professional drag queen band in Romania, and was the first Romanian group of its kind to enter the Eurovision national preselection and Romanian TV shows Mondenii and Românii au talent. The slogan of Veverițele Vesele is that "Drag queen is an art and has nothing to do with sexual orientation".
Alongside these activities, Dunăreanu also participates in AIDS awareness and prevention campaigns.

</doc>
<doc id="9775143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775143" title="Constel·lació Esportiva">
Constel·lació Esportiva

Constel·lació Esportiva was an Andorran football club from Andorra La Vella. The team began play in the Andorran First Division (Campionat de Lliga) in 1998 and dominated the league in 2000, beating FC Encamp 6-0 in the championship. 
That summer, the Andorran Football Federation accused the team of trying to buy players from other teams, there were financial irregularities, and the team did not want to divide its winnings from the UEFA cup with the league. The team was kicked out of the First Division for seven years.

</doc>
<doc id="9775169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775169" title="Duo-Art">
Duo-Art

Duo-Art was one of the leading reproducing piano technologies of the early 20th century, the others being American Piano Company (Ampico), introduced in 1913 too, and Welte-Mignon in 1905. These technologies flourished at that time because of the poor quality of the early Phonograph (Gramophone in Britain). Between 1913 and 1925 a number of distinguished classical and popular pianists, such as Ignace Paderewski, Josef Hofmann, Percy Grainger, Teresa Carreño, Aurelio Giorni, Robert Armbruster and Vladimir Horowitz, recorded for Duo-Art, and their rolls are a legacy of 19th century and early 20th century aesthetic and musical practice. Some scholars question the authenticity of these recordings as well as other reproducing piano recordings because it is likely they were heavily edited and/or arranged by professional roll arrangers in their respective studios. Nevertheless, these recordings do represent the style of these great artists and are a good representation of their live performances.
The Duo-Art mechanism was introduced by the Aeolian Company in 1913. It was most commonly installed in piano brands manufactured by Aeolian such as Weber, Steck, Wheelock and Stroud. Most notably, it was also available in Steinway pianos under an exclusive agreement. Aeolian had been under pressure to make the mechanism available in Steinway pianos, but Steinway had no interest in pursuing a relationship with a company they saw as a competitor. In order to satisfy Steinway, Aeolian agreed to stop promoting its Weber brand as a premium brand and stop sponsoring concerts by Paderewski as well as other great pianists. The agreement also stipulated that Aeolian purchase a certain number of Steinway units each year regardless of whether or not they were able to sell them. This contract eventually became a huge financial burden after the Wall Street Crash of 1929. In 1925, its peak year, Aeolian produced more than 190,000 instruments but the crash, the electric phonograph and the "talkies" all combined to drive the business into a terminal decline.

</doc>
<doc id="9775173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775173" title="Algernon Coote, 6th Earl of Mountrath">
Algernon Coote, 6th Earl of Mountrath

Algernon Coote, 6th Earl of Mountrath PC (Ire) (6 June 1689 – 27 August 1744), styled The Honourable Algernon Coote until 1720, was an Irish peer who sat as a Member of Parliament in the Parliament of Ireland as well as in the Parliament of Great Britain.
Coote was the third son of the 3rd Earl of Mountrath (1655–1709). He was educated at St Paul's School and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he matriculated in 1706. Coote was elected to the Irish House of Commons for Jamestown in 1715. His elder brothers Charles and Henry both succeeded to the earldom before him but died unmarried. Coote succeeded in his turn on 27 March 1720 and ascended to the Irish House of Lords.
Mountrath was appointed to the Privy Council of Ireland in 1723. As his earldom was also Irish, it did not disqualify him from sitting in the British House of Commons, and he entered Parliament in the same year as member for Castle Rising in Norfolk, which he represented for ten years. He also became Governor of Queen's County.
In 1741 he stood for Parliament again at Hedon in Yorkshire, and was initially declared defeated. However, on petition to the House of Commons (in those days the normal procedure in a disputed election), the result was overturned and on 4 March 1742 Mountrath was declared elected after all. He sat as member for the borough for the remaining two years of his life.
In 1721 he married Lady Diana Newport (d. 1766), daughter of the 2nd Earl of Bradford. Horace Walpole described her as being ""as rich and as tipsy as Cacofogo in the comedy. What a jumble of avarice, lewdness, dignity - and claret!"". They had only one child, Charles (c. 1725-1802), who succeeded to the earldom on Mountrath's death in 1744, but who also died unmarried, the title thereby becoming extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="9775177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775177" title="GAFC">
GAFC

GAFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9775196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775196" title="Polyresin">
Polyresin

Polyresin is a resin compound generally used for statues, figurines, and decorative furniture. It is a sturdy material that can be intricately molded, allowing a great level of detail with consistent texture.
Additives can be incorporated into the compound to enhance the material's strength, reduce its weight, add heat stability, decorative effects, and so on. Polyresin is also compatible with a large range of different finishes, including paint and metallic finishes, which is why many decorative pieces are made from this material.
One form of polyresin often used is Alabastrite. It is a stone-based material, easy to sculpt, takes paint well, and has a similar appearance to porcelain and pottery.

</doc>
<doc id="9775198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775198" title="Edward Barrett (Irish sportsman)">
Edward Barrett (Irish sportsman)

Edward Edmond Barrett (born 3 November 1877, date of death unknown) was a track and field athlete, wrestler and hurler.
He was born in Rahela, Ballyduff, County Kerry, Ireland.
Barrett played hurling with the local Ballyduff team. He emigrated to London, joined a local hurling club and was selected for the London GAA team. He was a corner-forward on the London team which won the 1901 All-Ireland Championship, beating Cork GAA 1-5 to 0-4 in the final. It remains London's only senior All-Ireland hurling Championship title. Barrett also appeared for London in the final of the following year, but this time Cork gained revenge, thrashing London 3-13 to 0-0.
He won a gold medal as part of the City of London Police tug-of-war team in the 1908 Olympic Games in London. He also won a bronze medal in the heavyweight division of the freestyle wrestling competition.
Barrett also competed in the shot, javelin and discus competitions in the 1908 athletics programme, but wrestling was his premier sport. He was British heavyweight freestyle champion in 1909 and 1911. Barrett also competed in Greco-Roman wrestling in both 1908 and the Stockholm Olympics of 1912. He was defeated in the first round on both occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="9775212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775212" title="Derek Spence">
Derek Spence

Derek William Spence (born 18 January 1952 in Belfast) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer. He played as a forward in a career spanning seventeen years from 1969 to 1986. 
He played for clubs in Northern Ireland, England, Greece, the Netherlands and Hong Kong. He also played for Northern Ireland.
Club career.
Spence started his career with Irish League club Crusaders in 1969, before making the short trip to England in 1971 to join Fourth Division side Oldham Athletic. He spent one year at Boundary Park, making just six league appearances for "the Latics", before joining Bury in 1972. It was at Gigg Lane that he spent the majority of his thirteen-year career and scored the most league goals – 44 in 140 league games.
In 1976, Spence joined Second Division side Blackpool, and made his debut for the Seasiders against Brian Clough's Nottingham Forest on 16 October. He complemented the twin striking powers of Mickey Walsh and fellow new signing Bob Hatton. However, at the end of the season he found his place under threat from Stan McEwan.
A serious injury kept Spence out of the entire 1977–78 campaign, which ended with Blackpool's relegation to the Third Division for the first time in their history. 
Spence then joined Greek Alpha Ethniki club Olympiacos, where he made 21 league appearances, scoring six goals. He then returned to Blackpool, who were then playing in the Third Division, for a fee of £27,000 and joined forces with Tony Kellow, who had signed from Exeter City. Between them, they scored 27 goals in the 1978–79 season, nearly half of the team's total, with Spence top scorer on sixteen goals. Speaking about his return to Lancashire, he said "I made quite a lot of money from my time in Greece, but being there put me in the international wilderness. From being a regular in the squad, I became an outcast. So, despite the crowd being fantastic and the players who loved me, I moved back to England." He nearly did not rejoin, however. "I had basically agreed terms with Arthur Cox at Chesterfield when Bob Stokoe rang me. He invited me back to Blackpool and, to be honest, I jumped at the chance. Needless to say, Arthur wasn't too happy."
On 26 December 1979, in a game against Hull City at Bloomfield Road, Spence suffered an injury serious enough that it eventually forced his premature retirement from the game. In 1980, he moved to Fourth Division side Southend United, helping them to win promotion in the 1980–81 season as champions. He scored 32 goals in 104 games over a two-year period.
Between 1982 and 1986, Spence spent spells with Dutch club Sparta Rotterdam and Hong Kong clubs Sea Bee and Hong Kong Rangers before finishing his professional career with a second spell at Bury in 1986. He retired in 1986 at the age of 34 and eventually retired in Non-League football with Oldham Town in the North West Counties Football League.
International career.
Spence won his first Northern Ireland cap on 16 March 1975, in a single-goal victory over Yugoslavia in Belfast. He went on to win 29 caps in total, scoring three goals. His most notable appearance occurred on 13 October 1976, when he came on as a late substitute and scored a late equaliser against the Netherlands in a World Cup qualifying game in Rotterdam.
He ended his international career after discovering, via Teletext, that Billy Bingham had left him out of the 1982 World Cup squad.
Post-football career.
Spence ran his own off-licences in Walmersley, Bury, Greater Manchester, firstly, and then in Hambleton, Lancashire. He eventually returned to his first love of football by setting up his own coaching school, Sportslink. Then in 1990 he returned to Blackpool F.C. as the club's Football in the Community Officer, succeeding fellow ex-"Tangerine" and "Shaker" Craig Madden, a role he continues to fulfill.
Personal life.
Spence is married to Lyn, with whom he has two children. He also has two children from his first marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="9775222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775222" title="Rameses Revenge">
Rameses Revenge

Rameses Revenge is a Top Spin ride at Chessington World of Adventures Resort theme park in London, England, introduced in 1995. Themed with Persian architecture and elements of Ancient Egypt, it has a water element that splashes riders.
History.
"Rameses Revenge" was manufactured by Huss Rides, a German company who had previously made Chessington's "Black Buccaneer" ride. Introduced in 1995, "Rameses Revenge" was the main focus of advertising for Chessington World of Adventures Resort in that year, and was also widely featured in the British media, even being featured in its own segment by the ITV Evening News.
It is situated in the Forbidden Kingdom area of the park. "Rameses Revenge" was refurbished in 2007, with new settings placed onto the ride's PLC to improve ride-ability.
Description.
The Forbidden Kingdom area, where the ride is located, is Persian and Egyptian themed. The ride is surrounded by buildings that have facades resembling traditional Persian architecture, alongside themed elements such as a mock obelisk and rope bridges that evoke Ancient Egypt. Rameses Revenge is placed in a pit, like the Black Buccaneer in Pirates Cove. This is so that the ride may conform to Green Belt regulations whilst still being able to be built to its full height. The nearby dark ride "Tomb Blaster" is themed in a similar way. While riding a heart-beat is heard, with the intention of making the ride more intense. The ride used to have an on-ride camera but that was removed in the early 2000s.
Incidents.
Rameses Revenge has a tendency to sometimes break down, often as a failsafe measure to protect the guests. Occasionally, this has resulted in minor incidents.

</doc>
<doc id="9775237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775237" title="ATFC">
ATFC

ATFC can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9775249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775249" title="Checkpoint (pinball)">
Checkpoint (pinball)

Checkpoint is a 1991 pinball machine released by Data East. It featured the first dot matrix display (DMD) ever incorporated into a pinball game. For Checkpoint, Data East used a "half-height" DMD. By way of comparison, Williams later produced machines with standard DMDs that were twice the height. Checkpoint also features video mode minigames on its display.
In 2008, the "Popular Mechanics" website included the machine on a list of the top eight most innovative pinball machines of all time.
Gameplay.
The machine's gameplay centers on a ramp with a so-called "Lasermatic" speed detection feature that "clock" a pinball's speed by measuring the time between the ball hitting one switch and then a second, translating that time into a speed analogous to that of a racing car. The minimum is 80 MPH; a skilled player can achieve a speed upwards of 250 MPH. In addition to the customary high score list, Checkpoint also let players record their initials if they set the machine's speed record. A similar speed measuring feature already appeared in the pinball machine "Vector" from Bally in 1981.
Various scoring objectives can be met by achieving certain shot speeds. The game has four single-ball modes "Fast", "Blue Light Special", "1 million ramp/10 million ramp" and "Hot Nitro Round". The game also features multiball modes putting two or even three balls in play simultaneously. Checkpoint was also the first game to provide players with a choice of music before setting the first ball in motion. A player can select from among several musical styles, including Country, Rock, Jazz, Rap, Classical and Soul. One of few other example of a multiple choice music feature is Sega’s Frankenstein. The novelty quickly wore off for many players, who just wanted to play the game without having to repeatedly go through the choice of the style before the start of each game.
The game features an ignition key to start the game, an auto plunger, a shaker motor that let the table rumble like a racing car and a Porsche Carrera theme with a spinning wheel in the backbox and an image of Neuschwanstein Castle in the background of the backglass. "Checkpoint" is one of the few pinball machines designed by DataEast that was not exclusively linked to a film or television show in this period.
Impact of DMDs on pinball.
Before the DMDs, pinball machines displayed their scores on spinning reels and, later on simple digital displays. Dot matrix displays enabled designers to provide players with more gameplay information. Graphics and animations in the back-box showed players such data as their progress during the game, the mode in which they were currently playing, and available bonuses. Home Leisure Direct's Andy Beresford, an UK’s game room specialist, wrote that the introduction of DMDs propelled pinball into its golden age, asserting that the games released in the 1990s were among the best ever made. He supported this claim with rating statistics from Pinside Pinball and the International Pinball database. 
According to Beresford, after the video game boom and crash the interest in pinball games revived. Pinball table designers, he said, were now able to tell an actual story that gave pinball machines a more lively feel and personality. In his view, the combination of physical ball movement on a well designed playfield with the new effects took pinball to a whole new level.
DMDs on pinball machines are plasma displays, not LEDs that would be much dimmer. They consists of an individually addressable dot grid rectangular array, capable of displaying text and graphics by energizing selected dots. These displays usually use Neon gas, which glows orange when ionized by a high voltage electric current pass through the segment.
A DMD on a pinball machine is usually 128 pixels wide and 32 pixels high (Checkpoint used only 16 pixels high). Designers archieved, according to Beresford, amazing effects over the years despite such limitations. Later display innovations on pinball machines include CGA color monitors in Pinball 2000 and the first LCDs in the back box of a pinball table in "The Wizard of Oz".

</doc>
<doc id="9775268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775268" title="Bachelor of Dance">
Bachelor of Dance

A Bachelor of Dance, often abbreviated as B.Dance, BFA (Dance), BCA (Dance), BDanceEd, BDancePerf, BA (Dance), is an undergraduate academic degree awarded by a college, university, or conservatory upon completion of program of study in dance. 
In Australia, the Bachelor of Dance is offered at the following universities under different names:

</doc>
<doc id="9775270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775270" title="Jacques Klein">
Jacques Klein

Jacques Klein (10 July 1930 - 24 October 1982) was a Brazilian composer and pianist.
Born to a Jewish family in Aracati, he grew up in the nearby city of Fortaleza, where he began to study piano at the Conservatório Alberto Nepomuceno, which had been founded by his father. At the beginning of the 1940s he moved to Rio de Janeiro, where he studied with Liddy Mignone at the Conservatório Brasileiro de Música, where he himself began to teach in the 1950s. At the age of thirteen he temporarily left classical music and set up a jazz trio with his friends Dinarte Rodrigues (on guitar) and Breno Porto (on drums). The trio began to perform once a week on Rádio Jornal do Brasil, starting in 1946. In 1948 Klein returned to classical music, and studied with William Kapell in New York and with Bruno Seidlhofer in Vienna. In 1953 he won first prize at the Geneva International Music Competition, which launched his international career. In 1954 Klein appeared with the London Philharmonic. In 1955 he was chosen as the best pianist of the year in London, and received the Harriet Cohen Medal. He formed a duo with the violinist Salvatore Accardo, and also gave memorable performances with the pianist Friedrich Gulda. He taught at the school of music of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro and at the University of Miami in the United States. He made a number of recordings of the Brazilian samba. His many students include Egberto Gismonti, Clelia Iruzun, and Arnaldo Cohen.
The Latin American Music Center of Indiana University awards a Jacques Klein Prize for the best performance of a solo piano work by a Brazilian composer in his memory; the prize is worth $500.

</doc>
<doc id="9775310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775310" title="City Baby Attacked by Rats">
City Baby Attacked by Rats

City Baby Attacked By Rats is the debut album by the band Charged GBH. It is considered a landmark in the development of hardcore punk, especially the UK 82 scene.

</doc>
<doc id="9775312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775312" title="Wool insulation">
Wool insulation

Wool insulation is made solely from sheep wool fibres that are either mechanically held together or bonded using between 5% and 15% recycled polyester adhesive to form insulating batts, rolls and ropes. Batts are commonly used in timber-frame buildings, rolls for lofts and ropes are primarily used between the logs in log homes. Wool insulation is used for both thermal and acoustic insulating applications. Sheep wool is a natural, sustainable, renewable, theoretically recyclable material and totally biodegradable that does not endanger the health of people or the environment. Wool is a highly effective insulating material that has been used for years insulating people in the form of clothing. Mongolian nomads also used felted and woven sheep wool pads as an insulating layer on the walls and floors of their dwellings called, ger or yurts. Presently the use of wool for insulation is starting to rise in popularity. It is used more in Europe, Australia and Canada however it is now sold in the United States.
Building considerations.
Wool insulation commonly comes in rolls of batts or ropes with varied widths and thicknesses depending on the manufacturer. Generally, wool batts have thicknesses of 50 mm (2 in) to 100mm (4 in), with widths of 400 mm (16 in) and 600 mm (24 in), and lengths of 4000 mm (13 ft 4 in), 5000 mm (16 ft 8 in), 6000 mm (20 ft) and 7200 mm (24 ft). The widths of 16 in and 24 in are the standard measurements between studs in a stud frame wall. Most manufacturers provide custom sizes as well and batts and ropes are easy to cut once on site. Wool insulation costs significantly more than conventional fiberglass insulation, but does not require the use of protective gloves, and may have significantly lower health risks to both the building occupants and the installation crew.can be used in the roof, walls and floors of any building type as long as there are spaces to put the insulation in. Installing wool insulation is very similar to installing conventional insulation batts, it can be held into place with staples or it can be friction-fit which involves cutting the insulation slightly bigger than the space it occupies, using friction to hold it in place.
Environmental factors.
Sheep are no longer farmed primarily for their wool, however they need to be clipped annually to protect the health of the animal. The wool used to manufacture insulation is the wool discarded as waste by other industries due to its colour or grade. As a controlled waste product it cannot be disposed of until it is cleaned. Hence the energy foot print of washing the wool is attributed to the livestock industry under PAS2050. There are some primary environmental factors that need to be considered when looking for a source of wool, such as the way the flock is treated for pesticides, the chemicals used in the treatment of the wool after shearing, and the distance from the source to its final destination. Sheep are often treated with insecticide and fungicide in a process called dipping. This leaves a residue on the fleece and can result in groundwater contamination if used improperly. These residues are often washed off once the fleece is sheared, but this results in three byproducts, grease, liquor, and sludge. The first two can be safely disposed of, but the latter contains remnants of the pesticides which cause a concern for disposal. Sheepswool insulation is often treated with borax to enhance its fire retardant and pest repellent qualities. The level of Borax is relatively low only 4% dry weight although the scouring baths have a higher load of 8–9%. Borax mining employs one of the cleanest mining techniques available but borax is increasingly coming into focus as a suspected reproductive toxin having been considered relatively safe for many years; animal ingestion studies in several species, at high doses, indicate that borates cause reproductive and developmental effects. The most significant exposure route for humans is inhalation which raises questions over whether dust from wool insulation could lead to a significant exposure to humans; probably unlikely for anyone except professional installers.
There are some company's that use DE (Diatomaceous Earth) as pesticide. DE is believed to be harmless and is used in feed and animals to stave of peristalses. DE has the drawback of having to be applied in two steps to be effective and the wool having to be installed loose.

</doc>
<doc id="9775327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775327" title="Earthen plaster">
Earthen plaster

Earthen plaster (adobe plaster, dagga) is a blend of clay, fine aggregate, and fiber. Other common additives include pigments, lime, casein, prickly pear cactus juice ("Opuntia"), manure, and linseed oil. Earthen plaster is usually applied to masonry, cob, or straw bale interiors or exteriors as a wall finish. It provides protection to the structural and insulating building components as well as texture and color.
Physical composition.
All plasters and stuccos have several common features: they all contain a structural component, a binding element, and some form of fiber. Usually the term plaster refers to a wall covering made from earth, lime or gypsum, while stucco uses a cement or synthetic binding element.
Clay: the binding agent.
Clay is a soil component consisting of extremely fine particles. Most clays consist of hydrous aluminum silicates, though there is a considerable amount of chemical variation among the clays. Clay is cohesive and binds to the sand and the straw, holding the mixture together, as well as securing the mixture to the wall. Clay is also plastic when wet, which makes the plaster mixture workable.
Sand: structural strength.
Sand provides structure, strength, and bulk to earthen plasters. Sand consists of tiny mineral granules of rock, its parent material. Predominately composed of silicon dioxide (quartz), sand is a non-reactive substance. Because sand occurs naturally in many subsoils, all of the sand necessary may be already found in the clay.
Fiber: tensile strength and reinforcement.
Dry straw, hemp fiber, cattails, coconut fiber, and animal hair are all suitable fiber choices for earthen plasters. Fiber forms a reinforcing meshwork in plasters, which helps to hold the plaster together. Fiber also provides some flexibility to a dried plaster. When clay dries it shrinks and tends to crack, but this cracking can be countered by the fiber. The fiber used in plasters must be clean, dry, and mold-free.
Additives.
Additives are usually blended with the clay, sand, and natural fiber to improve the workability and strength of a plaster. Sometimes additives are added to the finish coat and other times additives may be added to all coats. Some of the most common additives are wheat flour paste, manure, cactus juice, casein (milk protein) and various natural oils such as linseed oil. Other additives include, salt, stearate, tallow, tannin, leaves and bark of certain trees, xanthum gum, alum, natural glues, gum arabic, kelp, lime, powdered milk, or the blood of livestock.
Flour paste.
Cooked flour paste is a cheap natural glue that is easy to make from common ingredients. The water and flour slurry is cooked until the gluten binds the elements of the mixture, creating a durable glue. In plaster, the flour paste serves as a binding agent and a hardener.
Manure.
Manure serves as a binding agent and gives plaster more body. Manure also contains small natural fibers that provide additional tensile strength as well as reduce cracking and water erosion. Different types of manure have different effects. Horse manure has a high microfiber content, but cow manure has more hardening enzymes. People have reported success with llama and alpaca dung. Manure should be fresh or fermented when mixed with plaster, as composted manure loses its enzymes and adhesive qualities. Manure should be sifted before use.
Prickly pear cactus juice.
The liquid from prickly pear cactus is one of the most common additives.
The juice from the prickly pear cactus leaf pads will serve many functions. According to some sources, it helps the plaster set and increases its stickiness or adhesion. Cactus juice also serves as a stabilizer in that it helps make earthen plasters more water resistant and more durable. It also prevents dusting.
Cactus juice can increase plaster's workability and its ability to be formed into the desired shape. Workability depends on the water content, the shape and size distribution of its aggregate (aggregate can be rock, sand, natural fiber, etc.), the age of the plaster, and the amount of other natural binder(s) (natural binders are clay, lime, wheatpaste, cactus juice, etc.) Altering the water content, changing the aggregate mix, the age of the plaster, or changing the binders will increase or decrease the plaster's workability. Excessive water will lead to increased bleeding (surface water) and/or segregation of aggregates (when the natural binder and aggregates start to separate), with the resulting plaster having reduced quality. The use of an aggregate with an undesirable gradation can result in a very harsh mix design with a very low workability, which cannot be readily made more workable by addition of reasonable amounts of water or binder.
Cactus juice works well because it contains pectin, a water soluble long-chain carbohydrate that acts as the binding agent to increase the adhesion of an earthen plaster. Pectin is also responsible for increasing the water resistance of an earthen plaster and has been used to augment lime plasters in both Mexico and the southwestern United States for hundreds of years.
Cactus juice is extracted by immersing cut leaves in water for as long as two weeks.
Interior earthen plaster.
Pure earthen plaster (plaster without lime, cement, or emulsified asphalt) is applied to interior surfaces more frequently than exteriors. Before the plaster can be applied, it must have a surface to bind to. Many types of wire mesh may be used, such as expanded-metal lath, woven wire lath, or welded wire lath. Reed mats are another option. If the plaster is being applied to a smooth surface such as drywall or plywood, a mixture of sand and wheat paste may be painted on to the surface to create the texture needed for plaster to bond. 
The plaster is usually applied in three coats. The first layer of plaster is called a "scratch coat". A "comb" is used to scratch the surface horizontally or in a crisscross pattern to provide a key for the second layer. In the United States, the "comb" is commonly referred to as the "scratcher". The next layer is called the "brown coat" or leveling coat. It is leveled with tools called "Darbys" and "Rods", scraped smooth, and floated to provide a nice even surface onto which to apply the color coat. It is then allowed to dry (cure) for 7–10 days minimum to allow "checking" (shrinkage) to take place. The final layer is referred to as the "color coat" or "finishing coat", and is typically 3 mm (1/8") thick. It usually consists of clay with no fiber and little added sand. Coloring pigments are often added.
Advantages and disadvantages of earthen plaster.
Earthen plasters are less toxic and energy intensive than many other wall coverings, which makes them appealing to the environmentally-conscious. Earthen Plasters are also easily repaired and inexpensive. Earth plasters resist water penetration but are permeable to water vapor. However, earthen plasters are often more labor-intensive than other forms of wall covering. If the mix is not correct in component proportions, then many other problems may occur, such as dusting and cracking. Earthen plasters are not approved by all local building codes, as some require the use of cement stabilizers or asphalt emulsion. Earthen plaster is a rare wall covering in the developed world and there is a dearth of local experts for construction and repair.

</doc>
<doc id="9775335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775335" title="The Red House (Trinidad and Tobago)">
The Red House (Trinidad and Tobago)

The Red House is the seat of Parliament in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. The architectural design of the Red House is of Greek revival style. The original building was destroyed in the 1903 water riots and was rebuilt in the year 1907. The Red House is located centrally within the capital city Port of Spain. It is currently used as a meeting place for parliament and elections and for political uses.
The Fire.
In 1897, as Trinidad was preparing to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria, the buildings were given a coat of red paint, and the public promptly referred to them thereafter as the Red House. This direct ancestor of the present Red House was burnt to the ground on the 23rd March, 1903, by a fire. On the day of the fire, while the new Ordinance regarding the distribution of and payment for water in the town was being debated in the Legislative Council, a protest meeting was held in Brunswick Square by the Ratepayer's Association, as there was much public dissatisfaction over certain clauses contained in the Ordinance which increased the water rates. At the end of the meeting, the crowds became noisy and stones were thrown, and all the windows of the original Red House were smashed including a stained glass window in the chamber which was erected to commemorate the arrival of Christopher Columbus in Trinidad. When a woman was arrested by a policeman, the mob became riotous. Stones were thrown into the Council Chamber and the Members were forced to protect themselves under tables and desks and behind the pillars. Still, the Governor, Sir A.C. Maloney, refused to withdraw the Ordinance. When it became known that the lower storey of the building was on fire, the riot act was read, following which the police opened fire on the crowd. Sixteen people were killed and forty-two injured, and the Red House was completely gutted. After the fire only the shell of the original Red House remained.
Rebuilding.
The work of rebuilding it began the following year, and the Red House, as it is known today, was erected on the same site. It was opened to the public on the 4th February, 1907, by Governor Sir H.M. Jackson.
The building was designed and built by D. M. Hahn, Chief Draughtsman of the Public Works, at an estimated cost of £7,485. This sum included the "gesso" (plaster-of-paris mixture prepared with glue) work in the Legislative Council Chamber and the Justice Hall, which was estimated at £7,200. 
The work was completed in 1906. The ceiling is the most striking feature in the Chamber. It is Wedgewood blue with white gesso work and was the work of Messrs. Jackson & Sons, an English firm. 
The decorations were made in England in panels, and shipped to Trinidad in crates. An Italian craftsman was sent to install the ceiling. 
The entablature and dais at the eastern end were also designed by D. M. Hahn. The columns and entablature are made of purple heart wood, while the panelling is fustic (yellow tinted wood commonly found in South America). The passageway between the two buildings which replaced the double archway, is no longer open to vehicular traffic. The fountain in the centre of the rotunda was designed by D. M. Hahn as a means of cooling and ventilation for the offices, in the days before air-conditioning. The offices of the early Red House, with the exception of the Governor's office and that of the Colonial Secretary, comprised offices for the Attorney-General, Registrar-General Lands & Surveys Department, Judges' Chambers, the Courts of Justice and the Parliament and Law Libraries, as well as the Legislative Council Chamber, which is now the Parliament Chamber. At present, the building is being restored for the exclusive use of the Parliament. 
The Red House today is the second Government building to be known by this name since the newly constructed government offices were built on the same site and given the same name. The name Brunswick Square was changed to Woodford Square during World War I in 1914-1918. The rubble which was removed after the fire was used as landfill for Victoria and Harris Squares; so when you stroll through these public squares you may literally be walking on the history of the Red House.
"The First Red".
On the 15th February 1844, then Governor of Trinidad, Sir Henry McLeod, laid the foundation stone for a new government administration building on the western edge of the Woodford Square, then known as Brunswick Square. This building was to be constructed on eight privately owned parcels of land. The then Superintendent of Public Works, Mr. Richard Bridgens designed the building and it was constructed by contractors, Messrs G. de la Sauvagere and A. A. Pierre. 
The building was to consist of a north and south blocks and connected by a double archway, much as the Red House of today. The double archway was a necessary architectural feature required by the City Council to keep patent Prince Street, as the buildings were constructed over this street. The Council stipulated that Prince Street should never be closed to the public and, pedestrian and wheeled traffic showed pass freely. The southern block completed in 1848 contained the courts of law and the northern to colonial administration offices. 
The buildings were slow to complete and, by 1892, they still were unfinished, as indicated by a quote within the newspaper, the "Port-of-Spain Gazette":
"Nothing further had been done to complete the buildings since their errection some fifty years ago. The only attempt to relieve the monotony of the whole is to be seen in the arching of the carriageway through the courtyard which is a perfect skeleton and, like the ruins of Pompeii, is more suggestive of what the buildings must have been than of what they were intended to be."
After many aterations and additions the buildings were completed at a cost of £ 15,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9775341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775341" title="Thomas Bellenden, Lord Newtyle">
Thomas Bellenden, Lord Newtyle

See also Thomas Bellenden of Auchnoule
Thomas Bellenden of Kilconquhar, Lord Newtyle (drowned November 1591) was a Senator of the College of Justice at Edinburgh.
The half-brother of Sir Lewis Bellenden of Auchnole & Broughton, Lord Justice Clerk, Thomas had from his father the barony of Carlowrie and Kilconquhar in Fife, as well as lands in the vicinity of Brechin.
He was admitted an Ordinary Lord of Session on 14 August 1591 in place of Thomas Bellenden of Newtyle, deceased, in the terms of the King's letter, dated at Falkland Palace the preceding day.
However, his place was taken by Andrew Wemyss of Myrecairnie on 17 November, Thomas having drowned in the Loch of Kilconquhar.

</doc>
<doc id="9775362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775362" title="Sedgemoor Coast FM">
Sedgemoor Coast FM

Sedgemoor Coast FM was a trial radio station which broadcast to Bridgwater, Somerset, England in 1998 and 1999.
The station had rivals also running trials, BCR FM and Riverside Radio.
Sedgemoor Coast was regarded by many as a very professional station using the very latest technology to broadcast its programmes. 
Sedgemoor Coast FM was a joint partnership between Garry Finch, Sales Manager (who went on to present Star 107.7 breakfast) and Scott Temple, Programme Controller (who currently resides at Ivel FM)
The station broadcast on 107.4 FM in both August 1998 and April 1999 and used ENCO DAD to broadcast all programmes including a high tech Taylor transmitter and processor. All commercials were produced with the help of Orchard FM.
The group teamed up with Westcom Media, who at the time had just won the full-time radio licence to broadcast to North Somerset.
An application was submitted to the radio authority in late 1999, but the station was unable to be granted permission on a full-time basis, as in May 2000, The Radio Authority awarded BCR FM an 8 year broadcasting licence to transmit to the Bridgwater and Sedgemoor area.

</doc>
<doc id="9775364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775364" title="Elizaveta Levshina">
Elizaveta Levshina

Elizaveta Mikhailovna Levshina (, born 13 December 1991) is a Russian former pair skater. With partner Konstantin Gavrin, she placed ninth at the 2007 World Junior Championships. They won two medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit and qualified for the 2005 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final.

</doc>
<doc id="9775377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775377" title="Acie">
Acie

Acie is a given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9775379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775379" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 302">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 302

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 302 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775380" title="Konstantin Gavrin">
Konstantin Gavrin

Konstantin Igorevich Gavrin (, born 29 July 1987) is a Russian former pair skater. With partner Elizaveta Levshina, he placed ninth at the 2007 World Junior Championships. They won two medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit and qualified for the 2005 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final.

</doc>
<doc id="9775383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775383" title="New town blues">
New town blues

New town blues was a term coined by the British press to describe a sociological syndrome experienced by some of the residents of New Towns built in Britain after World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="9775384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775384" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 303">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 303

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 303 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775386" title="Campuzan">
Campuzan

Campuzan is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
The area is known for its mountainous agricultural landscape of villages, farms, fields, upland pastures and winding mountain roads.
Before the French Revolution, this town was one of many within the former province of Gascony before the region was renamed and re-bordered as the Midi-Pyrénées region of France.

</doc>
<doc id="9775387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775387" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 304">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 304

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 304 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775388" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 305">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 305

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 305 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775394" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 306">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 306

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 306 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775398" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 307">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 307

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 307 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775404" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 308">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 308

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 308 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775408" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 309">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 309

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 309 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775409" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 310">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 310

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 310 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775410" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 311">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 311

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 311 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775414" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 312">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 312

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 312 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775415" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 313">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 313

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 313 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775430" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 315">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 315

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 315 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775434" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 316">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 316

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 316 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775438" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 317">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 317

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 317 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775440" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 318">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 318

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 318 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775444" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 319">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 319

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 319 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775449" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 320">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 320

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 320 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775451" title="Internationalist League of Norway">
Internationalist League of Norway

The Internationalist League of Norway ( (FIN) is a group of revolutionary socialists, set up in 1999, working in sympathy with the Fourth International. Until 2002 FIN worked as a current within the Red Electoral Alliance advocating that the Red Electoral Alliance should be a broad party for revolutionaries on Norway, based on internationalism, anti-stalinism and internal democracy. Since 2002 FIN operates both within the Red Electoral Alliance and the Socialist Left Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9775452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775452" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 321">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 321

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 321 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775456" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 322">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 322

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 322 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775458" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 323">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 323

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 323 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775463" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 325">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 325

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 325 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775464" title="Thesaurus Linguae Sericae">
Thesaurus Linguae Sericae

The Thesaurus Linguae Sericae (TLS; ) is an international collaborative project designed to explore the conceptual schemes of the Chinese language. The project was conceived by Christoph Harbsmeier, its chief editor, and receives input by a large number of academic contributors worldwide. The content of TLS is preserved and presented in the form of a relational database hosted by the Institute of Chinese Studies, University of Heidelberg.
According to the editors, TLS is designed throughout to make the classical Chinese evidence strictly comparable to that of other cultures, and to make possible meaningful analytic primary-evidence-based disagreement among non-sinologists on classical Chinese concepts and words. The editors hope that careful philosophical reflection on Chinese texts might serve to broaden the empirical basis for philosophical theories and generalisations on conceptual schemes. They intend to improve the clarity and bite of declarations of difference between conceptual schemes by enlarging the basis of literally translated and analysed texts from widely (though never radically) different intellectual cultures, and to make precise criteria of translation for classical Chinese, mainly through a detailed description in English of systematic recurrent semantic relations between Chinese words, especially distinctive semantic features.
Key features of TLS are:

</doc>
<doc id="9775468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775468" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 324">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 324

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 324 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775471" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 314">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 314

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 314 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775476" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 326">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 326

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 326 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775479" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 327">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 327

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 327 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775487" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 328">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 328

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 328 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775492" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 329">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 329

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 329 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775494" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 330">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 330

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 330 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775497" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 331">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 331

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 331 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775501" title="Granin">
Granin

Granin (chromogranin and secretogranin) is a protein family of regulated secretory proteins ubiquitously found in the cores of amine and peptide hormone and neurotransmitter dense-core secretory vesicles. 
Function.
Granins (chromogranins or secretogranins) are acidic proteins and are present in the secretory granules of a wide variety of endocrine and neuro-endocrine cells. The exact function(s) of these proteins is not yet settled but there is evidence that granins function as pro-hormones, giving rise to an array of peptide fragments for which autocrine, paracrine, and endocrine activities have been demonstrated in vitro and in vivo. The intracellular biochemistry of granins includes binding of Ca2+, ATP and catecholamines (epinephrine, norepinephrine) within the hormone storage vesicle core. There is also evidence that CgA, and perhaps other granins, regulate the biogenesis of dense-core secretory vesicles and hormone sequestration in neuroendocrine cells.
Structure.
Apart from their subcellular location and the abundance of acidic residues (Asp and Glu), these proteins do not share many structural similarities. Only one short region, located in the C-terminal section, is conserved in all these proteins. Chromogranins and secretogranins together share a C-terminal motif, whereas chromogranins A and B share a region of high similarity in their N-terminal section; this region includes two cysteine residues involved in a disulfide bond.
Members.
Secretogranins.
Two other proteins (secretogranin IV and VI) are also proposed to belong to the granins on the basis of their physico-chemical properties.

</doc>
<doc id="9775505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775505" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 333">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 333

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 333 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775508" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 334">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 334

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 334 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775511" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 332">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 332

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 332 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775516" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 335">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 335

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 335 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775518" title="Hendi">
Hendi

Hendi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9775521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775521" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 336">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 336

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 336 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775522" title="Seventh Avenue Line (Manhattan surface)">
Seventh Avenue Line (Manhattan surface)

The Seventh Avenue Line is a surface public transit line in Manhattan, New York City, United States, connecting Lower Manhattan with Central Park along Seventh Avenue. Once a streetcar line, it is now part of the southbound direction of the M10 and M20 bus routes.
History.
The Broadway and Seventh Avenue Railroad was chartered by the New York State Legislature in April 1860; the authorized system consisted of two main lines - the Seventh Avenue Line and Broadway Line - connecting Broadway near City Hall with Central Park. The Seventh Avenue Line began at Seventh Avenue and 59th Street and proceeded in a general southerly direction through Seventh Avenue, Greenwich Avenue, Eighth Street, MacDougal Street, Fourth Street, Thompson Street, Canal Street, and West Broadway, with a one-way pair of single tracks in West Broadway and Barclay Street in one direction and Chambers Street and Church Street in the other, and ending in a double track on the block of Barclay Street between Church Street and Broadway. Branches along three other streets - Broome Street, Duane Street, and Park Place - to Broadway were also authorized, and the Broadway Line shared the route north of Times Square and south of Barclay Street (in one direction on Church Street) and Canal Street (in the other direction on West Broadway).
The company was incorporated on May 26, 1864, and opened the Seventh Avenue Line by the end of 1865. The initial route ran northbound on Church Street and southbound on West Broadway from Barclay Street to Chambers Street, using West Broadway in both directions to Canal Street. Except in Barclay Street, the line used existing tracks already shared between the Sixth Avenue Railroad's Sixth Avenue Line and Eighth Avenue Railroad's Eighth Avenue Line south of the intersection of Canal Street and Thompson Street.
An 1866 law required the company to replace its double track in Fourth and Thompson Streets with a one-way pair, the other direction using Third and Sullivan Streets between MacDougal and Canal Streets. Since the block of MacDougal Street between Third and Fourth Streets was already used northbound by the Bleecker Street and Fulton Ferry Railroad's Bleecker Street Line, and the Seventh Avenue cars used that track via trackage rights, a law was passed in 1867 requiring the Seventh Avenue cars to travel in the same direction, with northbound cars in Sullivan Street, a block west of southbound cars in Thompson Street.
The line in Park Place from the one-way pair of West Broadway and Church Street east to Broadway was built later for Seventh Avenue cars, while the Broadway Line continued to use Barclay Street, one block to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="9775525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775525" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 337">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 337

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 337 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775540" title="Tommy Reis">
Tommy Reis

Thomas Edward (Tommy) Reis (August 6, 1914 – November 6, 2009) was a relief pitcher who played in Major League Baseball in the season. He batted and threw right-handed.
Born in Newport, Kentucky, Reis was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies from the Wilkes-Barre team (Eastern) in the 1937 rule V draft. He debuted with Philadelphia in 1938, then was purchased by the Boston Bees during the midseason. In eight appearances, he posted a 0-1 record with six strikeouts and a 12.27 ERA in 11.0 innings.
At the time of his death, Reis was recognized as one of the oldest living MLB players. Reis was the last living former baseball player who played at Baker Bowl, the home ballpark for the Phillies between May 2, 1895 and June 30, 1938, as a member of the Phillies.

</doc>
<doc id="9775545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775545" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 301">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 301

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 301 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9775568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775568" title="Wilber Sánchez">
Wilber Sánchez

Wilber Alejandro Sánchez Ramírez (born October 24, 1979) is a Nicaraguan footballer who currently plays for Real Estelí.
Club career.
He started his career at second division Inter Barrio Cuba and played for Walter Ferretti, Parmalat, Masatepe and Real Estelí.
El Salvador.
After a stunning performance in the 2007 UNCAF Nations Cup, played in San Salvador, Sánchez joined San Salvador F.C.. In his debut game, the speedy striker came on as a substitute in the 65th minutes, but managed to score 2 headed goals, giving his side the victory, 3–2, against Vista Hermosa.
In June 2007 he was snapped up by América Managua but left them for Walter Ferretti a year later. He has played for Real Estelí since 2010.
International career.
Sánchez made his debut for Nicaragua in an April 2001 friendly match against Belize and has earned a total of 19 caps, scoring no goals. He has represented his country in 2 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2001, 2007, 2009, and 2011 UNCAF Nations Cups as well as at the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
His final international was a January 2011 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Belize.
Personal life.
He is married to Jessica Matamoros and they have a daughter, Briana.

</doc>
<doc id="9775573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775573" title="Edmund Parker, 2nd Earl of Morley">
Edmund Parker, 2nd Earl of Morley

Edmund Henry Parker, 2nd Earl of Morley (10 June 1810 – 28 August 1864), styled Viscount Boringdon from 1815 to 1840, was a British peer and Whig politician.
Morley was the son of John Parker, 1st Earl of Morley, and his second wife Frances Talbot, and was educated at Christ Church, Oxford. In 1840 he succeeded his father as second Earl of Morley and took his seat on the Whig benches in the House of Lords. From 1846 to 1852 he served as a Lord-in-Waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) in the Whig administration of Lord John Russell. Morley was also a Deputy Lieutenant of Devon and a Lord of the Bedchamber to Prince Albert.
Lord Morley married his second cousin Harriet Sophia, daughter of Montagu Edmund Parker, in 1842. He died in August 1864, aged 54, and was succeeded in his titles by his son Albert, who became a prominent Liberal politician. Lady Morley died in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="9775613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775613" title="Superadobe">
Superadobe

Superadobe is a form of earthbag construction that was developed by Iranian architect Nader Khalili. The technique uses layered long fabric tubes or bags filled with adobe to form a compression structure. The resulting beehive shaped structures employs corbelled arches, corbelled domes, and vaults to create single and double-curved shells that are strong and aesthetically pleasing. It has received growing interest for the past two decades in the natural building and sustainability movements.
History.
Although it is not known exactly how long, Earth bag shelters have been used for decades, primarily as implements of refuge in times of war. Military infantrymen have used sand filled sacks to create bunkers and barriers for protection prior to World War I. In the last century other earthbag buildings have undergone extensive research and are slowly beginning to gain worldwide recognition as a plausible solution to the global epidemic of housing shortages. 
German architect Frei Otto is said to have experimented with earth bags, as is more recently Gernot Minke. The technique’s current pioneer is Nader Khalili who originally developed the superadobe system in 1984 in response to a NASA call for housing designs for future human settlements on the Moon and on Mars. His proposal was to use moon dust to fill the plastic Superadobe tubes and velcro together the layers (instead of barbed wire).
Some projects have been done using bags as low-tech foundations for straw-bale construction. They can be covered in a waterproof membrane to keep the straw dry.
In 1995 15 refugee shelters were built in Iran, by Nader Khalili and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) in response to refugees from the Persian Gulf War. According to Khalili the cluster of 15 domes that was built could have been repeated by the thousands. The government dismantled the camp a few years later.
Since then, the Super Adobe Method has been put to use in Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Belize, Costa Rica, Chile, Iran, India, Siberia, Mali, and Thailand, as well as in the U.S.
Methodology.
Materials.
Many different materials can be used to construct Superadobe. Ideally you would have earth or sand, cement or lime, and Superadobe polypropylene tubing (available from Cal-Earth or other suppliers); bags can be polypropylene, or burlap. What is important is that they are UV resistant or else quickly covered in plaster. Virtually any fill material will actually work including un-stabilized sand, earth, gravel, crushed volcanic rock, rice hulls, etc. If the fill material is weak the bags have to be really strong and UV resistant, or else plastered right away. The material can be either wet or dry, but the structure is more stable when the tube's contents have been moistened. Other materials needed include water, shovels, tampers, scissors, large plugs or pipes (for windows), and small buckets or coffee cans for filling the sacks. If you decide to go the quicker way, then electric or pneumatic tampers can make the tamping easier, electric or gas powered bucket chain that can reach or higher would eliminate the need of manual filling of sacks or tubing using coffee cans or small pails.
Process.
The foundation for the structure is formed by digging a 12” (approx. 30 cm) deep circular trench with an 8’-14’ (approx. 2 to 4m) diameter. Two or three layers of the filled polypropylene sand tubes (superadobe tubing) are set below the ground level in the foundation trench. A chain is anchored to the ground in the center of the circle and used like a compass to trace the shape of the base. Another chain is fastened just outside the dome wall: this is the fixed or height compass and gives you the interior measurement for every single layer of superadobe bags as they corbel ever higher. The height compass is exactly the diameter of the dome. The center chain/compass is used to ensure the accuracy of each new superadobe layer as it is laid and tamped. (The compasses must be made of non-stretchy material to ensure an accurate geometry.)
On top of each layer of tamped, filled tubes, a tensile loop of barbed wire is placed to help stabilize the location of each consecutive layer: it plays a crucial role in the tensile strength of the dome - it is the 'mortar'. Window voids can be placed in several ways: either by rolling the filled tube back on itself around a circular plug (forming an arched header) or by waiting for the earth mixture to set and sawing out a Gothic or pointed arch void. A round skylight can even be the top of the dome.
It is not recommended to exceed the 14’ (4m) diameter design in size, but many larger structures have been created by grouping several "beehives" together to form a sort of connected village of domes. Naturally this lends itself to residential applications, some rooms being for sleeping and some for living. There is a 32' (10m) dome being constructed in the St. Ignacio area of Belize, which when finished will be the centre dome of an eco-resort complex.
Finishing.
Once the corbelled dome is complete, it can be covered in several different kinds of exterior treatments, usually plaster. Khalili developed a system that used 85% earth and 15% cement plaster and which is then covered by “reptile”, a veneer of grapefruit sized balls of cement and earth. Reptile is easy to install and because the balls create easy paths for stress, it doesn't crack with time. There are many different possibilities. Some Superadobe buildings have even been covered by living grass, a kind of green roof but covering the entire structure. Any exterior treatment and building details would need to be adapted to a region’s specific climatic needs.
Emergency shelters.
According to Khalili's website, in an emergency, impermanent shelters can be built using only dirt with no cement or lime, and for the sake of speed of construction windows can be punched out later due to the strength of the compressive nature of the dome/beehive. Ordinary sand bags can also be used to form the dome if no Superadobe tubes can be procured; this in fact was how the original design was developed. There is a great potential for long-term emergency shelters with Superadobe because of the simplicity of construction. Labor can be unskilled and high physical strength or formal training is unnecessary for the workers, so women and children are able to substantially contribute to the construction process. Local resources can be used with ease. Superadobe is not an exact art and similar materials may be substituted if the most ideal ones are not readily available.
In an interview with an AIA (American Institute of Architects) representative, Nader Khalili, super adobe’s founder and figurehead, said this about the emergency shelter aspects of Superadobe: 

</doc>
<doc id="9775614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775614" title="Infidel Inc.">
Infidel Inc.

Infidel Inc. is an American rock band.
Biography.
Infidel Inc. is an American industrial rock band formed in Silicon Valley, California circa 2003 by Christopher Aidan. The band is best known for the song "Fix," which was featured in a television commercial for Izod during Super Bowl XLI. The group suggests it is the first use of music from an unsigned artist during a Super Bowl ad, but this isn't easily verifiable. As its main producer, singer, songwriter, and instrumentalist, Aidan is the only official member of Infidel Inc. and remains solely responsible for the musical direction of the band.
Discography.
Produced and recorded by Christopher Aidan, Infidel Inc.'s debut release is noted for its lavish production style, complex arrangements, and aggressive guitar playing. Metal Hammer described the style as "there's nothing quite like the feeling of having your head ripped off as you shake your ass!" Songs from the album have been featured in various television shows including "Professional" and "Snapdragon" for Gravity Games, and "Fix" in an advertisement for clothing brand IZOD which debuted in North American movie theaters with and on television during Super Bowl XLI.
Related artists and influences.
Infidel Inc. cite AC/DC, NIN, Queen, T-Ride and Van Halen as major musical influences. They are frequently likened to these bands by fans and critics, along with others such as Static-X, White Zombie, and Marilyn Manson.

</doc>
<doc id="9775638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775638" title="Zizi Adel">
Zizi Adel

ZeeZe Adel (also transliterated as Zizi and Zeze,  ; born 1987, Kuwait) is an Egyptian singer.
Adel first came to attention when she entered the second series of Star Academy in 2005, coming third to Hisham Abdulrahman and Amani Swissi after reaching the semi-final.
After Star Academy.
After "Star Academy", Zizi Adel signed a contract with Rotana in 2007. Her debut album "Wahda Tayiba" ("One Good") was the number 1 Rotana album, with eight songs including "Hob Mosh Mahsoub Alayah" ("Unaccounted Love") and "Wahda Tanya" ("Another Chick").
Zizi Adel won ART's Best New Artist and Zahrat Al Kaleej's Best Album of 2007. She studied at the Institute of Arabic Music.
Adel's second album, released in 2009, is Waed Alia ("Promised High"), featuring 10 songs.

</doc>
<doc id="9775640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775640" title="John Mahony">
John Mahony

John Mahony (1863–1943) was a famous Irish sportsperson. He played hurling at with his local club Ballyduff and with the Kerry senior inter-county team in the 1890s. Mahony captained Kerry to their only All-Ireland hurling title in 1891.
Biography.
John Mahony was born in Kilmore, Ballyduff, County Kerry in 1863. The son of John and Bridget (née Doran), he grew up in an area that was and still is famous for hurling. Like many of his contemporaries Mahony earned his living from fishing and from thatching roofs. He later gained a reputation as a fine sportsman and as an outspoken individual.
John Mahony died at Christmas time in 1943.
Playing career.
Club.
Mahony played his club hurling with his local club in Ballyduff and enjoyed some success. He won his first senior county title in 1891 following a 1-0 to 0-2 defeat of Kilmoyley in the county final. It was Ballyduff’s first victory in the county championship and their last until 1955.
Inter-county.
Ballyduff’s county championship victory allowed the club to represent Kerry in the Munster and All-Ireland championships. Mahony, one of the stalwarts of the team, was also appointed captain for the year. 
The semi-final of the Munster Championship saw Kerry take on Cork, the reigning All-Ireland champions. In spite of facing an uphill battle Mahony’s side easily defeated ‘the Rebels’ by 2-7 to 0-3. This victory allowed Kerry to advance to the Munster final where Limerick provided the opposition. The death of Charles Stewart Parnell and the political tensions of the era meant that the playing of game was in doubt; however, it eventually went ahead. Kerry, however, were defeated on that occasion by 1-2 to 1-1. Kerry, however, launched an objection and were successful, thus forcing a replay. Kerry were far superior in the second game, displaying their overhead and ground skills, and defeated Limerick by 2-4 to 0-1. This victory allowed Kerry to advance to the All-Ireland where Wexford provided the opposition. The game itself was the second game of a triple-header played at Clonturk Park on 28 February 1892. The first game that day was the All-Ireland football semi-final between Dublin and Cavan. This was followed by the All-Ireland furling final and the programme of games finished with the All-Ireland football final between Cork and the winners of the first game. The hurling decider was an exciting affair with the Kerry team playing in their bare feet in grey jumpers with a gold band. Paddy 'Carr' Carroll scored Kerry’s first point after five minutes with the team’s second score coming after another twenty minutes. At half-time Kerry led by 0-2 to 0-1. The game, however, was not without controversy. At full-time the referee said that the score was 1-1 apiece and that extra-time was necessary. The Kerry team were reluctant to play the extra thirty minutes with captain Mahony one of the most vocal opponents. It was only after being persuaded by the chairman of the Kerry County Board that the team decided to line out for a third half hour of hurling. Both sides upped their games considerably for the only occasion that extra time was played in an All-Ireland final. Kerry went on to win the game by 2-3 to 1-5 to capture their first and only All-Ireland title.

</doc>
<doc id="9775643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775643" title="Joseph O'Neill (1886–1953)">
Joseph O'Neill (1886–1953)

Joseph O'Neill was an Irish novelist.
O'Neill claimed later in his life that he was born in the Aran Islands, County Galway, Ireland, in 1886, but he was in fact born in the inland Galway town of Tuam, preferring, as a writer, the perceived romance of being born in the speaking islands. He became a school inspector and subsequently Secretary of the Department of Education in the newly formed Irish Free State. He wrote five novels, of which the best-known was "Land Under England", a science-fiction account of a totalitarian society ruled by telepathic mind control. The novel combines elements of a "lost race" narrative ( the descendants of a Roman legion live underground under the north of England) with fears of totalitarian control. "Land Under England" has an anti-fascist
subtext. The novel was cited by Karl Edward Wagner as one of the thirteen best science-fiction horror novels. 
His other SF novel, published in 1936, is the future-war story "Day of Wrath".
His other novels include the time-travel ( or timeslip novel
"Wind From the North", in which the author is transported in a dreamlike fashion to Dublin or Dyflin in the period leading up to the Battle of Clontarf in 1014, and "Philip", a biblical epic. "Wind from the North" was later a standard Irish primary school text in the 1950's, in an edition published by Browne & Nolan.
He died on 6 May 1952.
He was the husband of Mary Devenport O'Neill, poet and friend of W.B. Yeats, who consulted her when writing 'A Vision'. Devenport O'Neill was an noted writer in her own right.

</doc>
<doc id="9775656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775656" title="Social Problems (journal)">
Social Problems (journal)

Social Problems is the official publication of the The Society for the Study of Social Problems. It is a quarterly peer-reviewed journal published by University of California Press. It was established in 1953. Some of the areas covered by the journal include: conflict, social action, and change; crime and juvenile delinquency; drinking and drugs; health, health policy, and health services; mental health; poverty, class, and inequality; racial and ethnic minorities; sexual behavior, politics, and communities; and youth, aging, and the life course. Among Sociology journals ranked by the "Journal Citation Reports", "Social Problems" was ranked 5th, with an impact factor of 1.796.

</doc>
<doc id="9775667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775667" title="Tom Ferrick">
Tom Ferrick

Tom Ferrick, Jr. (1949) is an editor, reporter and columnist long active in print and web journalism in Philadelphia. Until 2013, Ferrick served as senior editor of Metropolis, a local news and information site based in Philadelphia that he founded in 2009. Prior to that, Ferrick worked as a reporter, editor and columnist with the Philadelphia Inquirer. He had been a columnist at the Inquirer since 1998 but left the newspaper in 2008. The Philadelphia native has spent nearly 40 years as a journalist, focusing mostly on government 
Tom Ferrick is married to Sharon Sexton. He and Sexton have two children. Born in South Philadelphia, Ferrick attended Temple University in the late 1960s, but never graduated, having spent too much time at the school newspaper, The Temple News, he has claimed.
Nonetheless, Ferrick got a job with a since-disbanded news service, the United Press International, in Philadelphia and later in Harrisburg. In 1976, he was hired as a Statehouse reporter in Harrisburg for the Inquirer and climbed through a series of reporting and editing positions. For the Inquirer, Ferrick has been, among other roles, the City Hall bureau chief, a poverty reporter, a political writer, a deputy editor and a special projects writer. Ferrick was a Richard Burke Memorial Fellow at the University of Pennsylvania in 1996 . Recently, Ferrick has been active in the Great Expectations Project, a partnership between UPenn and the Inquirer, which has held public forums throughout Philadelphia to accumulate the feelings of voters in order to influence the 2007 Philadelphia mayoral race.
Ferrick has won numerous local, state and national awards for his work, including the George Polk Award, an Associated Press Managing Editors Award, a World Hunger Award and, in 2008, the Hal Hovey Award, given by Governing Magazine to honor excellence in coverage of government and politics. In 1978, Ferrick was a member of a team of Inquirer reporters who covered the nuclear accident at the Three Mile Island plant, coverage that was awarded a Pulitzer Prize. In 2005, he was named one of "Pennsylvania's Most Influential Reporters" by the Pennsylvania political news website PoliticsPA. 
His father, for whom Ferrick is named, was a major league pitcher for five teams from 1941 through 1952. His career reached a pinnacle when, in 1950, while playing for the New York Yankees, he led American League relief pitchers in wins and beat his hometown Phillies in the third game of a four-game sweep.
Ferrick also serves as a lecturer in journalism at Bryn Mawr College.

</doc>
<doc id="9775669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775669" title="Transient acantholytic dermatosis">
Transient acantholytic dermatosis

Grover's disease (GD), also known as benign papular acantholytic dermatosis, transient acantholytic dermatosis, and persistent acantholytic dermatosis is a polymorphic, pruritic, papulovesicular dermatosis characterized histologically by acantholysis with or without dyskeratosis. Once confirmed, most cases of Grover's disease last six to twelve months, which is why it was originally called "transient". Unfortunately it may last much longer. Nevertheless, it is not to be confused with relapsing linear acantholytic dermatosis.
Symptoms.
's disease often starts quite suddenly. There are intensely itchy spots on the central back, mid chest and occasionally elsewhere. Frequently, it follows sweating or some unexpected heat stress.
The itchy eruption lasts an average of 10–12 months. It is characterized by papules and papulovesicles with excoriations occurring on the chest, back, lower sternum, arms, and thighs. The papules are most commonly found on the mid chest.
Sometimes the features of Grover's are found in people who do not itch or have a conspicuous rash. Most of the people with Grover's who visit a dermatologist, however, itch a lot.
Epidemiology.
The prevalence and incidence of Grover's disease have not been firmly established. In a study from Switzerland, Grover's disease was diagnosed in just 24 of more than 30,000 skin biopsies Grover's disease is mainly seen in males over the age of forty.
Grover's disease affects chiefly white adults in the fifth decade or later, and appears to be around 1.6 to 2.1 times more common in men than in women. Grover's disease appears less commonly in darker-skinned individuals.
Etiology.
The etiology of Grover's disease is unknown. Suspected triggers of disease activity include heat and sweating, sunlight, and adverse reaction to medications as well as ionizing irradiation, end-stage renal disease/hemodialysis, and mechanical irritation or prolonged bed rest.
Some cases of Grover's disease have been associated with medications such as sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine, ribavirin, cetuximab, and interleukin-4 [1,8-15]. One series of 300 patients with Grover's disease reported an association with other coexisting dermatoses including atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, and xerosis cutis. Finally, smaller series have detailed an association with pyoderma gangrenosum, bacterial and viral infections, and occasionally, malignancies.
Diagnosis.
Grover's may be suspected by its appearance, but since it has such a characteristic appearance under the microscope a shave skin or punch biopsy is often performed.
Treatment.
The most important thing about Grover's disease treatment is to remain cool, as further sweating will induce more itchy spots. However, lesions aggravated by sweat usually return to "normal" fairly quicklyavoiding sweat is not a reason to avoid exercise. Minor outbreaks can be controlled with prescription strength topical cortisone creams. More troubling eruptions usually clear up after treatment for one to three months with Accutane or tetracycline. If these fail or the outbreak is severe, PUVA phototherapy treatments, antifungal pills and cortisone injections are alternatives.
A further treatment option is a cream of zinc oxide, talc, and glycerol. This cream helps with the itching and promotes faster healing. In France, where it is available over the counter (OTC), the zinc oxide, talc, and glycerol cream is branded as Aloplastine.
Although the cause of Grover's is unknown, it may arise in quite dry skin. Many affected individuals are sun damaged.
Some research has suggested a correlation of Grover's disease with mercury toxicity in which Chemet may help.

</doc>
<doc id="9775670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775670" title="Paguridae">
Paguridae

The Paguridae are a family of hermit crabs of the order Decapoda. It contains 542 species in over 70 genera:

</doc>
<doc id="9775752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775752" title="Wissahickon Formation">
Wissahickon Formation

The Wissahickon Formation is a mapped bedrock unit in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware. In Maryland, the term "Wissahickon" is no longer used and has since been divided into several units. It is named for the Wissahickon gorge in Fairmount Park, Philadelphia.
Description.
The Wissahickon is described as a pelitic schist and gneiss with interlayers of quartzite. Color is highly variable as is the mineralogy. A general description for the unit is described as a silver to brown garnet mica-schist.
Metamorphic grade.
The highly variable nature of this rock type is also why the metamorphic grade is also complex. The existence of the minerals biotite, garnet, staurolite, and kyanite all imply a low-intermediate to high metamorphic grade. The metamorphic facies, which is described as lower to upper amphibolite facies, implies a moderate to high metamorphic temperature and a moderate pressure.
Age.
Depositional age.
The age indicated on the most recent geologic map of southeast Pennsylvania shows the Wissahickon being Ediacaran to Cambrian in age. This age is a relative date since the sediments that created the Wissahickon are highly deformed and went through several deformation events.
Deformation age.
The sediments of the Wissahickon were altered during the Taconic orogeny and most dates do not place the deformation older than the Silurian. Although there is some evidence of Devonian-aged deformation.
Divisions.
The current map sought to divide the Wissahickon into three informal units. The type described here has been the restricted Wissahickon, or its eastern most section that exists in the City of Philadelphia and eastern Delaware County. The Glenarm Wissahickon and Mt. Cuba Wissahickon are two units described in western Delaware and Chester Counties, Pennsylvania. The metamorphic and depositional histories of these two series are different from the Wissahickon type described here.
Economic uses.
Wissahickon schist is quarried as a building stone and is used primarily as a decorative stone rather than a weight bearing stone. There are numerous old buildings in the Philadelphia area that are constructed almost entirely of this rock.

</doc>
<doc id="9775771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775771" title="Changhe Z-11">
Changhe Z-11

Z-11 is a light utility helicopter developed by Changhe Aircraft Industries Corporation (CAIC). According the Changhe Aircraft Industries Corporation website, it is claimed to be the first indigenously-designed helicopter in China. It is based off the Eurocopter Ecureuil however. The Z-11 project started in 1989 and the first flight was made in Dec 1994. In Oct 2000, test flights of Z-11 were completed. The general designer of Z-11 is Mr. Wu Ximing (吴希明), who is also the general designer of three other Chinese helicopters, including WZ-10. Under Mr. Wu, Z-11 became the first Chinese helicopter to be completely designed by CAD/CAM.
Variants.
In 2008, a Z-11 was evaluated by the Argentine Army and has decided to license produce.
Operators.
Military
Non-Military

</doc>
<doc id="9775774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775774" title="Twelve Women">
Twelve Women

Twelve Women () is a Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Roberto Escalada.

</doc>
<doc id="9775777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775777" title="The Love Potion">
The Love Potion

The Love Potion is a 1903 painting by Evelyn De Morgan depicting a witch with a black cat familiar at her feet.
According to Elise Lawton Smith, the painting "exhibits a Pre-Raphaelite fascination with medieval subjects and decorative detailing."

</doc>
<doc id="9775795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775795" title="Michael McMorrow">
Michael McMorrow

Michael Sean McMorrow (born July 2, 1973 in Bremerton, Washington USA) is an American musician, composer, and producer, and founding member of jam band Stolen Ogre.In addition to writing songs for the group, McMorrow plays keyboards and acoustic guitar. Michael is a voting member of the Recording Academy of Arts and Sciences.
History.
Michael McMorrow is a composer, a recording artist and the producer of some of Washington State’s most prestigious and beneficial music events. If you are involved in the Northwest music community, you may know him; if not, you probably have a friend who does because McMorrow's musical thread is woven wildly throughout it.
McMorrow's first training in music came from his Texas-born mother, and from his Irish-born grandfather Frank McMorrow, a fiddler. At 11 years old, Michael was writing, arranging and performing his own compositions on the family piano, and at 12 he won California’s statewide Young Composers Competition. 
As executive producer and musical director, Michael produces Synergia Northwest Presents, to raise funds and awareness for youth music in the Pacific Northwest. Michael is a voting member of the Recording Academy of Arts and Sciences.
He was most recently appointed to the Board of Directors for Seattle Music Partners which follow the same philosophy as Synergia Northwest. Because music-learning opportunities are often limited or inaccessible, Seattle Music Partners provides a free after school music program for under-served elementary school students in Seattle's Central District.
Michael McMorrow is currently underway with the planning of Synergia Northwest 2014 concerts and continues to write, record and perform on various projects and as always with McMorrow, new musical threads are woven and the good outcome continues.
Stolen Ogre.
Michael was a part of the Horizons of Rock Developing Everywhere (H.O.R.D.E.) Festival tour, where his musical encounters with Brendan Hill (of Blues Traveler) brought the two to form a band.
In 1997, he, along with Brendan Hill of the Grammy-award winning rock band Blues Traveler, founded the nationally recognized rock band Stolen Ogre. The two met while both performing on the H.O.R.D.E. Festival that featured artist such as Dave Matthews Band, Lenny Kravitz, Natalie Merchant and Blues Traveler. Along with performing, Michael also produced and wrote for the band. In 2005, Stolen Ogre was named National Relix Magazine Jamoff Winner with the McMorrow composed "Icing". The band successfully toured the Northeast, garnered national college radio airplay and in 2006 was highlighted as "Top Band To Watch," among some of the best unsigned bands in the country.
Producing and benefit work.
McMorrow's contributions to Seattle's music scene and community runs deep from up-and-coming artists to world renown superstars; from community events to benefits for national and international organizations. His first ventures in developing a long list on impactful events began not long after his graduation from Central Washington University. And who knew back then, that one of them would result in a behind-the-scene reference in a book currently on the New York Times Best-Sellers List. This would start in 1991, when he produced the internationally documented Support The Troops Concert for Peace Benefit at Paramount Theatre. The event aided the International and American Red Cross during the first Gulf War Crisis. Among the many artists performing were Chris Cornell, Alice in Chains, McMorrow's own band The Yarddogs, Jim Page, and Heart's Ann and Nancy Wilson debuted their newly formed band The Lovemongers that night. Their process of forming the band for the event, developing the music for the event and experiencing a new take on their music from performing that night is covered in Heart's new book 'Kicking and Dreaming' . McMorrow was unaware at the time that getting them involved in the concert would go on to have such a profound impact on the way that Heart would approach its music from then on.
With concern for the rich legacy of youth orchestras and music in the schools in the Northwest, Michael conceived and developed Synergia Northwest. Now as executive producer and musical director, Michael produces Synergia Northwest Presents, an annual concert event to raise funds and awareness for youth music in the Pacific Northwest. 
Synergia Northwest is a music production company based out of Seattle Washington founded by Seattle musician Michael McMorrow. Synergia Northwest brings together top recording artists, orchestra with budding youth musicians — blending cultures, ages and musical genres into one fantastic night of music. This is all for the cause of preserving youth music education and to raise funds to pay for extended learning, enrichment and performance opportunities for students without the necessary financial resources.
Since its inception just 4 years ago and with limited resources, this northwest upstart has generated over $70,000.00 going directly to non profit 501(c)(3) youth music education agencies in the Pacific Northwest.
Synergia Northwest helped Music Aid Northwest in bringing its "Music Matters" license plate campaign to fruition by raising capital and increasing the agency’s media profile needed to create a music-themed license plate that helps support school music programs through its sales. Music Matters specialty license plates can now be purchased through any Washington State Department of Licensing (DOL) office. As of February 2014 almost $80,000.00 has been generated for accredited northwest music programs.
Synergia Northwest has been covered by national and international music media including concert video and editorial in Rolling Stone, Relix and MOJO UK.
Legendary Northwest artists have performed with the 50-piece Synergia Northwest Orchestra including members of Pearl Jam, Alice In Chains, YES, Blues Traveler, Guns ‘n’ Roses, Heart, Tracy Bonham and many others. The experience of performing with the orchestra which is made up of top professional, collegiate and All State high school classical musicians has received heartfelt reviews by the artists who have performed and many offers of returning again.
2013- The breakthrough year
Synergia Northwest’s 2013 event “Music Lessons Matter” was held at Seattle’s Moore Theatre. The production teamed up with Seattle Music Partners, an organization that provides free after-school music lessons to underserved elementary students in Seattle’s Central District. The 2013 campaign, culminating with the 2013 concert, generated over $56,000 in charitable donations for the cause.
Concert videos of the 2013 event with The Synergia Northwest Orchestra with Mike McCready (Pearl Jam) Duff McKagan (Guns and Roses) and Walking Papers were featured on Rollingstone.com (http://rol.st/18zjWjK); MOJO.com and RELIX.com.
2013 also brought us the Walking Papers' debut international release - recorded in Seattle and mixed by veteran producer Jack Endino- that included Synergia Northwest 2013 concert performances as live bonus tracks and featured Pearl Jam's Mike McCready with the Synergia Northwest Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="9775817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775817" title="SEAT 132">
SEAT 132

The SEAT 132 is a four-door rear-wheel drive notchback saloon presented for the first time at the Barcelona Motor Show, assembled in Barcelona's Zona Franca, (Catalonia, Spain) and sold by SEAT between 1973 and 1982. 
For the important taxi market, the 132 filled the niche vacated with the withdrawal in 1970 of the diesel-engined SEAT 1500, the 132 being usefully larger than the SEAT 124 which was SEAT's largest model during the early 1970s.
SEAT's new car shared its body with the Fiat 132, but when launched in May 1973 it featured its own engine options:
In 1976 an automatic transmission option was offered, which may have been a response to the success in Spain of the locally assembled and similarly enhanced Chrysler 2-litre.
From 1979 a "SEAT 132 2000" became available, with a four-cylinder 1920 cc engine of : in due course a larger 2.2-litre four-cylinder Mercedes diesel version was also offered.
In the early 1980s extensive discussions concerning funding and control took place between the major share holder, the Spanish government, and Fiat: SEAT needed major capital investment which Fiat was not prepared to inject. The outcome, by 1982, was an end after nearly 30 years, to the relationship with Fiat. Already in 1981, Fiat having by now switched to their new Argenta model, production of the SEAT 132 ceased, after approximately 100 000 examples had been produced. No direct replacement in this class was, till recently, offered by the company. The SEAT Exeo can be seen as a belated replacement, however.
Technical data SEAT 132 

</doc>
<doc id="9775818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775818" title="Entre el barro">
Entre el barro

Entre el barro is a Argentine musical film directed by Luis Bayon Herrera. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires and stars Tito Lusiardo.

</doc>
<doc id="9775833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775833" title="ISO 26000">
ISO 26000

ISO, the International Organization for Standardization, launched an International Standard providing guidelines for social responsibility (SR) named ISO 26000 or simply "ISO SR". It was released on 1 November 2010. Its goal is to contribute to global sustainable development, by encouraging business and other organizations to practice social responsibility to improve their impacts on their workers, their natural environments and their communities.
Voluntary Guidance Standard for All Organizations.
ISO 26000 offers guidance on socially responsible behavior and possible actions. There are three ways it is different from the more widespread standards designed for companies to use to meet particular requirements for activities such as manufacturing, managing, accounting and reporting. 
1) ISO 26000 is a voluntary guidance standard- that is, it does not contain requirements such as those used when a standard is offered for "certification". There is a certain learning curve associated with using ISO 26000, because there is no specific external reward - certification - explicitly tied to ISO 26000. ISO recommends that users say, for example, that they have "used ISO 26000 as a guide to integrate social responsibility into our values and practices."
2) ISO 26000 is designed for use by all organizations, not only businesses and corporations. Organizations, such as hospitals and schools, charities (not-for-profits), etc. are also included. ISO 26000 makes particular efforts to show that its flexibility means that it can be applied by small businesses and other groups as well So far, many of the earliest users of ISO 26000 have been multi-national corporations, especially those based in Europe, and East Asia, particularly Japan.
3)ISO 26000 was developed through a multi-stakeholder process, meeting in eight Working Group Plenary Sessions between 2005 and 2010, with additional committee meetings and consultations on e-mail throughout the five year process. Approximately five hundred delegates participated in this process, drawn from six stakeholder groups: Industry, Government, NGO (non-governmental organization), Labour, Consumer, and SSRO (Service, Support, Research and Others - primarily academics and consultants). Leadership of various task groups and committees was "twinned" between "developing" and "developed" countries, to ensure viewpoints from different economic and cultural contexts. Since ISO operates on a parliamentary procedure form based on consensus, the final agreed-on standard was the result of deliberation and negotiations; no one group was able to block it, but also no one group was able to achieve its objectives when others strongly disagreed. The goal was to make ISO 26000 accessible and usable by all organizations, in different countries, precisely because it reflects the goals and concerns of each and all of the stakeholder groups in its final compromise form.
Key Principles and Core Subjects of ISO 26000.
The Seven Key Principles, advocated as the roots of socially responsible behavior, are:
The Seven Core Subjects, which every user of ISO 26000 should consider, are: 
Many of the 84 pages of the standard are devoted to definitions, examples, and suggestions on how to identify and communicate with stakeholders, and how to identify and address specific issues in each Core Subject area.
To Obtain a Copy of ISO 26000.
ISO 26000 is available for sale by National Standards Bodies in many countries. Prices are set by the different National Standards Bodies, and vary widely. ISO 26000 is available in many national and international languages, including Arabic, Bulgarian, Czech, Dutch., English, Farsi., Finnish, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Kazakh, Korean, Mongolian, Montenegrin, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Vietnamese. ISO 26000 is copyrighted by ISO.
See the ISO webpage at http://www.iso.org for more information.
User Guides to ISO 26000.
There is a growing number of user guides, many of which are significantly less expensive than the standard itself. Quality and applicability of these guides will vary widely. This is a dynamic field, with many opportunities for those wishing to encourage the spread of Social Responsibility.
Additional information and critiques.
The ISO 26000 Scope states "This International Standard is not a management system standard. It is not intended or appropriate for certification purposes or regulatory or contractual use. Any offer to certify, or claims to be certified, to ISO 26000 would be a misrepresentation of the intent and purpose and a misuse of this International Standard. As this International Standard does not contain requirements, any such certification would not be a demonstration of conformity with this International Standard." This statement includes that ISO 26000 cannot be used as basis for audits, conformity tests and certificates, or for any other kind of compliance statements.
However, the practical value of ISO 26000 might be limited if it merely provided a common understanding of social responsibility instead of also facilitating management routines and practices leading to social responsibility. Despite the non-certifiability some scholars see distinct elements of a management system standard also in ISO 26000. Against this background, the potential benefits of the new standard, the managerial relevance, and specific limitations of ISO 26000 are currently being discussed.
As a guidance document the ISO 26000 is an offer, voluntary in use, and encourages organizations to discuss their social responsibility issues and possible actions with relevant stakeholders. As service providers, certification bodies do not belong to an organization’s stakeholders.
ISO 26000 encourages its users to reconsider an organization's social responsibility or "socially responsible behaviour" and to identify/select from its recommendations those where the organization could/should engage in contributions to society. ISO 26000 encourages its users to report to their stakeholders, and get feedback, on actions taken to improve their social responsibility.
Project aim.
There is a range of many different opinions as to the right approach to ethical and socially responsible behavior by businesses, ranging from strict legislation at one end to complete freedom at the other. ISO 26000 is looking for a golden middle way that promotes respect and responsibility based on known reference documents without stifling creativity and development. ISO (established 1947 to promote international trade by developing manufacturing standards) is now composed of 162 members, each of which is a National Standards Board of a particular country. ISO's expansion into the field of Social Responsibility (Corporate Social Responsibility) was driven by many factors, including a recognition that the pace of global development calls for increasing actions by organizations, including businesses, to reduce their harmful impacts on people and communities, and increase their positive impacts.
Development leadership.
ISO chose Swedish Standards Institute (SIS) and ABNT, Brazilian Association of Technical Standards to provide the joint leadership of the ISO Working Group on Social Responsibility (WG SR). The WG SR was given the task of drafting an International Standard for social responsibility that was published in 2010 as ISO 26000.
Target: wide range.
The need for organizations in both public and private sectors to behave in a socially responsible way is becoming a generalized requirement of society. It is shared by the stakeholder groups that participated in the WG SR to develop ISO 26000: industry, government, labour, consumers, nongovernmental organizations, and others, in addition to geographical and gender-based balance.
A Memorandum of Understanding was developed between the ISO Group and the United Nations Global Compact in order to both develop and promote the ISO 26000 as the go to Standard for CSR.

</doc>
<doc id="9775849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775849" title="Henry Coote, 5th Earl of Mountrath">
Henry Coote, 5th Earl of Mountrath

Henry Coote, 5th Earl of Mountrath (4 January 1684 – 27 March 1720), styled The Honourable Henry Coote until 1715, was an Irish peer who sat as a Member of Parliament in the British House of Commons.
Henry was the second son of the 3rd Earl of Mountrath, who died in 1709. His elder brother Charles succeeded to the earldom before him but died unmarried, and Henry inherited in his turn on 14 September 1715.
Mountrath had entered Parliament in February 1715, as Whig MP for Knaresborough in Yorkshire. As the earldom was Irish, it did not disqualify him from keeping his seat when he succeeded his brother, and he remained Member for Knaresborough until his death five years later. He was appointed to the Privy Council of Ireland in 1718.
He died unmarried, and the title passed to his younger brother, Algernon (1689–1744).

</doc>
<doc id="9775880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775880" title="Fraňková–Helly selection theorem">
Fraňková–Helly selection theorem

In mathematics, the Fraňková–Helly selection theorem is a generalisation of Helly's selection theorem for functions of bounded variation to the case of regulated functions. It was proved in 1991 by the Czech mathematician Dana Fraňková.
Background.
Let "X" be a separable Hilbert space, and let BV("T"; "X") denote the normed vector space of all functions "f" : "T" → "X" with finite total variation over the interval "T", equipped with the total variation norm. It is well known that BV("T"; "X") satisfies the compactness theorem known as Helly's selection theorem: given any sequence of functions ("f""n")"n"∈N in BV("T"; "X") that is uniformly bounded in the total variation norm, there exists a subsequence
and a limit function "f" ∈ BV("T"; "X") such that "f""n"("k")("t") converges weakly in "X" to "f"("t") for every "t" ∈ "T". That is, for every continuous linear functional "λ" ∈ "X"*,
Consider now the Banach space Reg("T"; "X") of all regulated functions "f" : "T" → "X", equipped with the supremum norm. Helly's theorem does not hold for the space Reg("T"; "X"): a counterexample is given by the sequence
One may ask, however, if a weaker selection theorem is true, and the Fraňková–Helly selection theorem is such a result.
Statement of the Fraňková–Helly selection theorem.
As before, let "X" be a separable Hilbert space and let Reg("T"; "X") denote the space of regulated functions "f" : "T" → "X", equipped with the supremum norm. Let ("f""n")"n"∈N be a sequence in Reg("T"; "X") satisfying the following condition: for every "ε" > 0, there exists some "L"ε > 0 so that each "f""n" may be approximated by a "u""n" ∈ BV("T"; "X") satisfying
and
where |-| denotes the norm in "X" and Var("u") denotes the variation of "u", which is defined to be the supremum
over all partitions
of "T". Then there exists a subsequence
and a limit function "f" ∈ Reg("T"; "X") such that "f""n"("k")("t") converges weakly in "X" to "f"("t") for every "t" ∈ "T". That is, for every continuous linear functional "λ" ∈ "X"*,

</doc>
<doc id="9775891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775891" title="La Hija del viejito guardafaro">
La Hija del viejito guardafaro

La Hija del viejito guardafaro is a Argentine film directed by Julio Irigoyen. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Enrique del Cerro.

</doc>
<doc id="9775906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775906" title="Solar cell fabric">
Solar cell fabric

Solar cell fabric is a fabric with embedded photovoltaic (PV) cells which generate electricity when exposed to light.
Traditional silicon based solar cells are expensive to manufacture, rigid and fragile. Although less efficient, thin-film cells and organic polymer based cells can be produced quickly and cheaply. They are also flexible and can be stitched onto fabric.
According to an article from New Scientist researchers have built a PV cell in the layers around a fiber, creating a tiny cylindrical cell. No longer limited to rooftops and poles, solar collection could work silently and unobtrusively from everyday objects.
Examples of recent research.
Flexible solar cells can be used in humanitarian aid. A makeshift shelter developed by PowerFilm, Inc. called the PowerShade can generate one kilowatt of energy. This could help a power emergency equipment at short notice in remote places.
Konarka Technologies produce a thin film polymer based PV cell, as a flexible film stitched onto a fabric. The ability to make these cells even smaller is dependent on further research into nanocrystal PV cells. In theory nanotechnology could provide a way to expand the range of photons a cell could collect, increasing its efficiency while becoming smaller. Konarka, in partner with other institutions, is working on this.
ShadePlex is currently developing a product that integrates thin film photovoltaic modules with architectural fabrics. They will feature a high power output (200 W, 500 W, and 1000 W), and can feed either a battery system or be tied to the grid. Integrating thin film photovoltaics with fabric structures will enable a whole class of buildings to easily integrate renewable energy solutions.

</doc>
<doc id="9775913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775913" title="Emilio Palacios">
Emilio Palacios

Emilio José Palacios Luna (born 8 October 1982) is a Nicaraguan footballer who currently plays for Diriangén in the Primera División de Nicaragua.
Palacios is Nicaragua's all-time national team record goalscorer with 11 goals.
Club career.
Palacios started his professional career at Diriangén and had a short spell with Parmalat. He moved abroad to join Salvadoran outfit Independiente in 2007, only to return to Nicaragua to play for Walter Ferretti, then Xilotepelt whom he helped promote to the top tier in June 2012. He returned to Diriangén in summer 2012.
He was the top scorer of the Nicaraguan League in the championships Apertura 2002 (scoring 15 goals for Parmalat), Apertura 2003 (17 goals for Diriangén) and Apertura 2004 (14 goals for Diriangén).
International career.
Palacios made his debut for Nicaragua in an April 2001 friendly match against Belize and has earned a total of 26 caps, scoring 11 goals. He has represented his country in 3 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2001,2003, 2007, and 2009 UNCAF Nations Cups.
He was the first Nicaraguan to score a hat-trick in an international competition, in February 2007, when Nicaragua won 4-2 against Belize, during the IX UNCAF Copa de Naciones. After a good performance in this event, he was contacted by Salvadoran side Independiente, and left Diriangen FC for the Salvadoran side.
His final international was a January 2009 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="9775916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775916" title="Plank house">
Plank house

The indigenous people of the Pacific Northwest constructed their homes, a plank house from the cedar tree.
The "American Heritage Dictionary" defines longhouse as "a long communal dwelling, especially of certain Native American, Polynesian, and Indonesian peoples." The homes commonly called longhouses, with regard to the Pacific Northwest, are plank houses, not longhouses. A plank house may be long, and may be commonly referred to as a longhouse, but it is not a longhouse. The cladding and roofing are planks of cedar, thus plank house.
Material.
Due to the nature of this building material, the anthropological documentation for these people is not widespread. The manner of wood harvest and continued use of that harvest was purposeful and sustainable. Native people of the Pacific Northwest maintained a distinct respect for cedar and the gifts cedar has given to many generations. 
Cedar logs comprise the primary support system of the plank houses of the Pacific Northwest Indians, and are clad with thick cedar planks harvested from living trees. The cedar trees that had been harvested in a sustainable method, for their timber, are now gone or protected from timber cutting by federal designation of park or are on tribal land. The practice of leaving the tree was not the way of the new population. The timber industry logged for profit and did not leave trees for future harvest. The original inhabitants of the Olympic Peninsula had a respectful eye on the future and selectively harvested boards from a living tree.
The properties of cedar trees include straight grain, very few knots, and weather resistance. The straight grain enabled separation of planks of wood from the tree. The skilled people inserted a wedge to separate a section of wood and followed the height of the tree and adzed it out at both ends. This harvest method was sustainable and enabled the people to use the wood and to have a supply of planks to rebuild in another location. The patience of the people is evident in the practice of leaving the wedge in place to continue the pressure that would enable another wedge placement further up, this created longer planks.
The old found plank house village is located in Kitselas Canyon at the Paul Mason Site in western British Columbia, CA. This village is estimated to be 3000 years old. There has been a fire pit associated with a single house situated on the Maurer Site (on the Fraser River) that has been dated to approximately 4000 ac.
Construction.
Canadian anthropologist Wilson Duff quotes Simon Fraser who (upon observation of the Coast Salish homes on the banks of the now named Fraser River) wrote in his 1800 journal; “as an excellent house 46 x 32 and constructed like American frame houses; the planks are three to 4 inches thick, each plank overlapping the adjoining one a couple of inches; the post, which are very strong and crudely carved, received across beams; the walls are 11 feet high and covered with a slanting roof. On the opposite side of the river there is a considerable village with houses similar to the one on the side.” Kenneth Ames, contributor to “Life in the Big House; Household Labor and Dwelling Size on the Northwest Coast,” calculates the volume of wood in this house to exceed half a million board feet (1,200 m³). One house, a multi family dwelling, found in Nanaimo, the eastern coast of Vancouver Island, Canada, is documented as being made of split cedar planks that were “held in place by withes (cedar rope) that come from the long lower branches of Cedar trees that grow in open spaces.” (Fraser)
The cedar ropes that secured the planks to the uprights and beams allowed the people to deconstruct their homes and bring their planks with them to the next location. These planks were not small nor were they easily obtained, but they were valuable assets and as such, they were transported with the household goods during the seasonal migrations. The house frames were left intact until the next season when the people returned and reattached their traveling planks and reconstructed their home.
There were two distinct roof types found in this region. Both types are on a rectangular house that has a hearth or fire pit. One type is gabled, paired ridgepoles, vertical wall, and roof, planks with an interior pit that was reached via steps. On Vancouver Island in around Puget Sound, Captain James Cook described the shed roof structures. His description is that of a cruder type building that may have been in the adaptive stages of the house type that may have been brought to the coast by the Salish people who modified as needed with the changed location. These shed roof houses are the largest constructed anywhere in this region.
The articles that have been written by anthropologists describe the shed roofs as being shed type that are not consistent in description as to the roof pitch. One informant will state that the roof was slanted to the back of the house, and another will say it was pitched to the front, or the side of the house. The question may be answered by thinking about the direction of the rain; the pitch is away from the rain. The roof pitch was adjusted according to the direction from which the rain comes down. Regionally, the rain comes from the south.
During his third mapping voyage, 1778, Captain James Cook described the homes he saw at Nootka Sound as not having a door. He described irregular openings through which the Indians passed in and out. The “Old Man House” had a maze “consisting of a series of parallel walls partly uncovering each other, around which the visitor had to pass.” The maze ended in a dark area that housed the fire pit. One explanation for this configuration was as a defense against intruders. Military strategy states that this would be a very difficult position to defend, and once the enemy was inside they could set it on fire with great ease. A more logical explanation lies, again, with the weather consideration. The lack of doors and the cedar mats room dividers did little to keep the wind and rain out, and in all probability, the mats served as windbreaks. The indigenous people lived, worked, and understood the weather; it was integral to their lives and their livelihood.
Anthropologist Ronald Leroy Olson, whose subjects were the Quinault, Tlingit and Kwakiutl tribes, defines the coasts of the Pacific Northwest as the place for rectangular plank houses. The coastal region of British Columbia to the mouth of the Copper River in Alaska with one exception; the Athabascan Tseutsaut of the head of Portland Canal who used temporary brush and bark lodges. The Alaskan people are more likely to use spruce wood, which has characteristics similar to cedar, due to the availability of that resource. Cedar was the material of choice for the coastal people of southwestern Canada, and Washington, Oregon, and Northern California.

</doc>
<doc id="9775920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775920" title="Pagurus">
Pagurus

Pagurus is a genus of hermit crabs in the family Paguridae. Like other hermit crabs, their abdomen is not calcified and they use snail shells as portable homes. These marine decapod crustaceans are omnivorous, but mostly prey on small animals and scavenge carrion. "Trigonocheirus" and "Pagurixus" used to be considered subgenera of "Pagurus", but the former is nowadays included in "Orthopagurus", while the latter has been separated as a distinct genus.
Species.
Some 170 species are presently placed in "Pagurus"; many others have been placed here at one time or another but are now assigned to other genera of Paguroidea. Usually, a few new species are discovered each year. The following list is current :
The following are all "nomina nuda". They have never been validly described as new species, but only mentioned under these names:

</doc>
<doc id="9775924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775924" title="Hiram Sherman">
Hiram Sherman

Hiram Sherman (February 11, 1908 – April 11, 1989) was an American actor.
Sherman was born in Boston, Massachusetts.
He made his Broadway debut as a playwright with the short-lived comedy "Too Much Party" in 1934.
The farce, directed by William Friedlander, opened at the Theatre Masque on 5 March 1934 and closed after only eight performances.
It proved to be his sole attempt at writing. Two years later he made his first appearance as an actor in "Horse Eats Hat". Additional theatre credits include "Julius Caesar", "Very Warm for May", "Cyrano de Bergerac", "Boyd's Daughter" (which he directed as well), "Mary, Mary", "Two's Company", and "How Now, Dow Jones", winning the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical for the latter two.
Sherman's many television credits include such early anthology series as "Kraft Television Theatre", "Studio One", "The Alcoa Hour", and "Hallmark Hall of Fame" and a regular role on "The Tammy Grimes Show". His feature films included "The Solid Gold Cadillac", "Mary, Mary", in which he reprised his role in the play, and "Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Mama's Hung You in the Closet and I'm Feeling So Sad".
Sherman died of a stroke in Springfield, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="9775949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775949" title="Hermanos (film)">
Hermanos (film)

Hermanos is a Argentine drama film directed by Enrique de Rosas. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Jose Gola and Amelia Bence.

</doc>
<doc id="9775950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775950" title="Wild Things (EP)">
Wild Things (EP)

Wild Things is the first release by British duo The Creatures (singer Siouxsie and musician Budgie). It was presented as two 7" single records in a "double-album" style card cover, and is usually referred to as an EP. It peaked in the UK singles charts at number 24 and the pair performed "Mad Eyed Screamer" on "Top Of The Pops". The EP was entirely remastered in 1997 and reissued as part of the "A Bestiary Of" compilation.
History.
The initial idea for "Wild Things", and indeed, The Creatures, came about during the recording sessions for the Siouxsie and the Banshees album "Juju." While bassist Steven Severin and guitarist John McGeoch took a break, Siouxsie and drummer Budgie created the song "But Not Them." Deciding it was complete as a drum and voice piece, they left it alone, and quickly recorded four more minimal drum-and-voice tracks to go along with it. The result was the "Wild Things" EP (so named by Severin, who upon hearing it, said it sounded like something the creatures in the book "Where the Wild Things Are" would have danced to on their island). The Banshees incorporated the songs "But Not Them" and "Thumb" into their concerts for many years afterwards.
"So Unreal" drew inspiration from the novel "The Stepford Wives" by Ira Levin and "Mad Eyed Screamer" from local characters met in Hyde Park, London.
The erotic sleeve art featuring Siouxsie and Budgie half-naked under a shower were inspired by the pictures of Man Ray; the artwork caused some controversy. Another shoot, inspired by the John Millais painting "Ophelia", featured the singer naked under many flowers and shallow water.

</doc>
<doc id="9775953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775953" title="G1E Productionz">
G1E Productionz

G1E Productionz is a team of Music Producers and Song writers in both English and Spanish. The official Team members are Kasia "Kash" Gora (also known as Katarzyna Gora), and Christopher Jay Encarnancion they hail from Orlando Florida and are a combination like no other, their variety of cultural backgrounds makes their music into a unique commercial POP, Hip Hop, POP ROCK, R&B, and Urban Latin sound like no other.
Early career 2005-2007.
In 2005 G1E got their first break on a salsaton remix called Mala by Charlie Cruz. In 2006 G1E recorded and produced the comeback of freestyle legend George Lamond.
2008-2009.
They produced and developed 786/Siente/Universal Music Latin POP sensation Baby Boy, the first single Ya no Llores Let me love you reached number one all over Latin Radio in the United States, as well as reached the # 1 position on the BILLBOARD Latin Rhythm chart and climbed up the top 50 Latin albums chart. Ya No Llores Let Me Love You also peaked at the top position on the Pepsi Charts.
2010.
2009 opened the door for this team of talented individuals, with the first hit record under their belt they have gotten the opportunity to work on many new projects.
As well as completing the 2nd album for Baby Boy (Siente/Universal)which will be hitting the stores in the summer of 2010. The new single Kiss Me is already spinning on the Latin airways. Their new single Baby Te Quiero by Maye also hit the airways in spring 2010, the single has already been released and doing well with digital sales. In the summer of 2010 G1E brought back legendary freestyle artist TKA with a new smash hit single called "Set It Off". Set It Off has made it to the 53rd Grammy Elections.
2011.
It's a new year and a new direction for G1E after being Grammy Elected for K7's single "Set It Off" in 2010, the New G1E team has dedicated their time to develop a new artist Ace Perone, and turn him into an international recording star.
Fact.
The meaning of G1E is: GOD is number 1 & God is EVERYTHING.
Throughout the years G1E has worked alongside long-time friend and movie director as well as legendary freestyle producer Carlos Berrios
They have also worked alongside producer/songwriter Tony Battaglia who has worked with artists such as Mandy Moore and Shinedown, Puddle of Mudd, Backstreet Boys, N'Sync etc... Tony has been a great inspiration and mentor to them.

</doc>
<doc id="9775964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775964" title="The Carpenters' Very First TV Special">
The Carpenters' Very First TV Special

"The Carpenters' Very First Television Special" was Richard and Karen Carpenter's very first television special, aired December 8, 1976.
The Carpenters performed many skits with guest stars Victor Borge and John Denver. It ended with a hits medley at the end (which could be found without applause on the CD "As Time Goes By").
The Skits.
After Karen, Richard and the orchestra perform "We've Only Just Begun", they show a clip of Richard conducting the orchestra playing a different version of "We've Only Just Begun", with Karen's voice-over talking about how much Richard loves conducting orchestras. After the orchestra's finished, the Carpenters performed "Top of the World", which can be found on the VHS "Yesterday Once More" (repackaged as "Gold: Greatest Hits" on DVD in 2002).
On top of that, Richard and Karen perform a "Spike Jones and the City Slickers" style parody version of "(They Long to Be) Close to You", beginning with a harp introduction. The duo also performed "These Are the Jokes" on the same set as the one of "Top of the World", only with a black background instead of a blue background. 
John Denver and Karen Carpenter did a nice duet together of a medley consisting of a cleaned up version of Robert Burns' "Comin' Through the Rye" and the Beach Boys' "Good Vibrations". The amazing thing about this medley is that in parts, Denver may be singing "Comin' Through the Rye", while Carpenter sings "Good Vibrations".
They did a skit of Karen's drumming talent as well. It begins with Richard and Karen talking about why Karen played the drums, and Karen says, ""Why not"!!" Then, they reminisce to the high school days, where classmate John Denver played the drums in the high school band, and Karen was stuck with the glockenspiel. They told how Karen obtained the drums, and fell in love with it immediately. After that scene, Karen plays a medley including "Strike Up the Band" and "'S Wonderful".
In the end, the band and the orchestra combined together, and performed a Hits Medley to close the show.

</doc>
<doc id="9775965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775965" title="Jörundur Svavarsson">
Jörundur Svavarsson

Jörundur Svavarsson is a professor in marine biology at the University of Iceland. His fields of research are marine invertebrates, marine biodiversity and ecotoxicology. According to Web of Science Prof. Svavarsson has published 49 papers in peer-reviewed journals, with 13 or them being cited more than 11 times. He is currently the head of the department of Biology at University of Iceland. Professor Svavarsson has spearheaded several cultural and historic projects, one of which was the establishment of an exhibition dedicated to the explorations of Jean-Baptiste Charcot whose ship Pourquoi pas ? was lost on the west coast of Iceland in 1936. In 2012 Professor Svavarsson was awarded the title of "Chevalier des Palmes académiques" for this work, a title which was created by Napoleon in 1808.
The most widely referred to are:

</doc>
<doc id="9775974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775974" title="Star Wars Trilogy (pinball)">
Star Wars Trilogy (pinball)

Star Wars Trilogy is a 1997 pinball machine released by Sega Pinball. It is based in the "Star Wars" original trilogy. Was released in the year of the release of the special editions of the films.
Gameplay.
There are six modes called heroics. The top hole starts a mode and feeds the ball to the left inlane via the cannon. The modes are:
At the start of the game you are given the choice of playing either the normal 3 ball game or a novice game which guarantees a 2 minute game time with the ball saver active. When the ball saver times out, the first drain ends the game. Holding in the left flipper and pressing start gives League mode and holding the right flipper gives Wizard mode.

</doc>
<doc id="9775976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775976" title="University of Washington Libraries">
University of Washington Libraries

The University of Washington Libraries are among the largest academic research libraries in North America and winner of the 2004 ACRL "Excellence in Academic Libraries Award". They are located in the state of Washington, USA.
The University of Washington Libraries has a collection of more than seven million cataloged volumes, six million in microform format, more than 50,000 serial titles, and several million items in other formats. The Libraries' website provides the connection to a wide range of print and electronic resources available in the Libraries and on the World Wide Web. 
Services and resources are provided primarily for University of Washington students, faculty, and staff as part of the Libraries' mission to support teaching, learning, research, and service at the University of Washington. Visitors who come to the Libraries are welcome to use most resources and many of the services. Researchers throughout the world have access to a broad range of materials and various interlibrary loan and document delivery services.
The Libraries system is composed of the Suzzallo and Allen Libraries, the primary location for information and services in the social sciences and humanities; the Odegaard Undergraduate Library (OUGL) which houses the Odegaard Learning Commons and is open 24 hours weekdays during school days; the Health Sciences Library and Information Center (HSLIC); the East Asia Library; fifteen specialized branch libraries; the Bothell/CCC Library; and the Tacoma Library. The Marian G. Gallagher Law Library and Elisabeth C. Miller Library are administered separately from the UW Libraries system.

</doc>
<doc id="9775984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9775984" title="Philip of Novara">
Philip of Novara

Philip of Novara (c. 1200 – c. 1270) was a medieval historian, warrior, musician, diplomat, poet, and lawyer born at Novara, Italy, into a noble house, who spent his entire adult life in the Middle East. He primarily served the Ibelin family, and featured in a number of prominent battles and negotiations involving Jerusalem and Cyprus. He chronicled the War of the Lombards, the dispute between the Ibelin family and Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor.
He wrote a lengthy treatise on the feudal law of Jerusalem, which influenced later jurists like John of Ibelin.

</doc>
<doc id="9776013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776013" title="Sir Percy Harris, 1st Baronet">
Sir Percy Harris, 1st Baronet

Sir Percy Alfred Harris, 1st Baronet PC (6 March 1876 – 28 June 1952) was a British Liberal Party politician.
Born in Kensington, Harris was educated at Harrow and Trinity Hall, Cambridge and was called to the bar. His Krakow-born father, Wolf Harris, (1833 – 1926) had established the successful business of Bing, Harris in New Zealand in 1858.
He was first elected to Parliament for the Harborough constituency at a by-election in 1916 but lost the seat at the 1918 general election. In 1919, he was engaged in correspondence with John Wycliffe Black, Chairman of the Harborough Divisional Liberal Association, about the amount of money Harris was expected to contribute if he wished to remain as Parliamentary candidate. In the end Harris was not able to meet the requirements of the Divisional Liberal Association and sought another constituency. Black was then adopted by Harborough Liberals as their candidate.
In the 1922 general election Harris won the Bethnal Green South West constituency.
During the 1924-29 parliament which was dominated by a Unionist majority, he worked closely with a group of radical Liberal MPs that included William Wedgwood Benn, Frank Briant, Joseph Kenworthy and Horace Crawfurd to provide opposition to the government. 
He held his seat until defeat at the 1945 general election by the Labour candidate Percy Holman. After the loss of his parliamentary seat he remained politically active and served on the London County Council until the year of his death. He played a key role in the formation of Liberal International in 1947 and was President of the British Council of LI.
Harris served as Liberal Chief Whip 1933-45 and Deputy Leader of the Liberal Parliamentary Party.
On 14 January 1932 Harris was made the 1st Baronet of London. In 1940 he was appointed a Privy Counsellor.
In 1901 he married Marguerite Frieda Bloxam (1877 – 1962). In the 1930s Frieda Harris became an associate of the occultist Aleister Crowley and designed the Thoth Tarot with him.
In 1946 he published his autobiography, "Forty Years In and Out of Parliament", Fleet Street Press.
On his death in Kensington aged 76 in 1952, the baronetcy was inherited by his son Sir Jack Harris (23 July 1906 – 26 August 2009).
His great-grandson is the former Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament Matthew Taylor; but Taylor, adopted at birth, only discovered the fact in early 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9776017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776017" title="Rockford High School (Michigan)">
Rockford High School (Michigan)

Rockford High School in Rockford, Michigan services grades 9-12 for the Rockford Public Schools. The main campus is composed of two buildings, including a Freshman Center for all ninth graders and the Senior High School for grades 10-12, complete with an array of athletic, fine arts, and technological facilities. Total enrollment for the 2010-2011 school year is 2,504 students.

</doc>
<doc id="9776026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776026" title="Splean">
Splean

Splean () is a popular Russian rock band. They were formed and released their first album in 1994. Since then, they have remained one of the most popular rock bands in Russia and the former Soviet Union. The band's name is derived from "spleen" (in the sense of "depression"), and the "ea" spelling in English is a pun on the spelling of the Beatles. It was borrowed from a short poem by Sasha Cherny, which the band set to music.
The band was formed when lead singer Alexander Vasilyev, while working in a theatrical institute, was introduced to keyboardist Nikolay Rostovsky. The two formed a band, and risking Vasilyev's job, began recording their first album "Pylnaya Byl" in one of the institute's studios at night. After the release of Splean's second album, the band moved to Moscow. Their growing popularity was proved by Boris Grebenshchikov's support. Splean had a string of hit songs including "Sugar Free Orbit ", "New People", "Backwards Time", and "We Were Just Sitting and Smoking".
Despite rumours that the group is on the verge of breaking up, Splean continues performing throughout Russia and the world. The band frequently experiments and evolves, so that the current version of Splean is quite different from its original version.
In 2004, the band garnered international attention for the inclusion of their song "Be My Shadow" ("") in the movie based on Sergey Lukyanenko's bestselling novel "Night Watch".
Splean was a headliner of the 2005 Krylya Rock festival. In that same year, the group started recording another album, which was released in February 2007 as "Split Personality" (""). The single "Tell Her" topped song and video charts on the radio and MTV, and the video for this song was awarded the MTV Russian Music Award for Best Video.

</doc>
<doc id="9776051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776051" title="John Parker, 1st Baron Boringdon">
John Parker, 1st Baron Boringdon

John Parker, 1st Baron Boringdon (1735 – 27 April 1788) was a British peer and Member of Parliament.
Origins.
Parker was the eldest son of John Parker (1703–1768) of Boringdon Hall, Plympton, and Saltram House, by his wife Catherine Poulett (1706–1758), whom he married in 1725, daughter of John Poulett, 1st Earl Poulett. He had a sister Henrietta Parker (d.1808) and a younger brother, Montagu Edmund Parker (1737–1813) of Whiteway House, near Chudleigh (purchased by his grandfather George Parker (d.1743) who also purchased Saltram), Sheriff of Devon in 1789, who married in 1775 Charity Ourry (1752–1786), daughter of Admiral Paul Ourry, by whom he had issue Montague E. Parker (1778–1831) whose daughter Harriet Parker (1809–1897) married in 1842, as her second husband, her second cousin Edmund Parker, 2nd Earl of Morley (1810–1864).
Career.
He was educated at Christ Church, Oxford. He was elected to the House of Commons for Bodmin in 1761, a seat he held until 1762, and then represented Devon between 1762 and 1784. The latter year Parker was raised to the peerage as Baron Boringdon, of Boringdon in the County of Devon. Apart from his political career he was also a collector of paintings at his seat Saltram House in Devon. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in April 1767. In 1783, Parker's horse Saltram won the fourth running of the Epsom Derby.
Marriage & progeny.
Lord Boringdon married twice:
Death & burial.
Lord Boringdon died in April 1788.

</doc>
<doc id="9776066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776066" title="Tent (album)">
Tent (album)

Tent is an album by The Nits. It was released in 1979 by Columbia Records.
About the album.
"Tutti Ragazzi", released on the 23 February 1980, reached the place 31 in the Dutch top 40.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Henk Hofstede (HH) and Michiel Peters (MP).

</doc>
<doc id="9776073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776073" title="José Gola">
José Gola

José Gola (February 7, 1904 - April 27, 1939 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film actor of the 1930s.
Born in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, Gola began acting for film in the 1934 film Mañana es domingo. He began appearing in popular films such as Puente Alsina (1935) and La muchachada de a bordo in 1936 and "Mateo" in 1937. In 1938 he appeared in the film Los caranchos de la Florida in which he played a significant lead role. He died appear in 1939's Hermanos but his last film was Frente a la vida before he died suddenly of peritonitis.
He was one of the promising Argentine actors of the 1930s and would have arguably gone on to become one of the icons of the Cinema of Argentina.
He died from peritonitis on April 27, 1939 in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9776088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776088" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 207">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 207

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 207 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776089" title="Two Thousand Acres of Sky">
Two Thousand Acres of Sky

Two Thousand Acres of Sky was a TV drama which aired on BBC Television from 2001 to 2003. It is also syndicated in the United States on PBS. It was created and written by Timothy Prager. The Executive Producer was Adrian Bate.
The show takes place on the fictional island of Ronansay off the coast of Skye. The actual filming location was the sea-side village of Port Logan.
In 2008, the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation created a remake of the series called Himmelblå (in English: Skyblue) taking place on the island of Ylvingen, which is the island's actual name, in the county of Nordland in northern Norway. The show has been a formidable success in Norway with 1.2 million viewers at the start of the second season, 57.2% of the total amount of viewers in Norway. The first season of Himmelblå was aired by the Swedish public broadcaster SVT and by the Icelandic public broadcaster RUV during the autumn 2009.
Episodes.
Series 1.
Abby is a single mother living in London with her two children. She sees an advertisement for a family with 2 children to run a B&B on an island off Scotland called Ronansay.
The islanders have posted the advert as their local school is due to close due to only 3 children attending, they need an extra 2 children to keep the school open
Abby persuades her friend Kenny to pretend to be her husband and they are successful in their application to move to the island...
Series 2.
Abby begins a relationship with a local farmer, called Allistair. Kenny finds this relationship difficult as he is secretly in love with Abby. Kenny in turn begins a relationship with a local girl.
Series 3.
After Abby and Alistair end their relationship, Kenny invites Abby's ex-husband Robbie from London to stay. Abby and Robbie decide to give their marriage another chance so Kenny decides to leave the island. On Kennys last night he goes out fishing alone and his boat sinks. Kenny manages to swim to shore but the following morning he is found dead on the beach.

</doc>
<doc id="9776093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776093" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 208">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 208

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 208 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776095" title="Bhagamandala">
Bhagamandala

Bhagamandala () is a pilgrimage place in Kodagu district of Karnataka. It is situated on the river Kaveri in its upstream stretches. At this place, the Kaveri is joined by two tributaries, the Kannike and the mythical Sujyoti river. It is considered sacred as a river confluence ("kudala" or "triveni sangama", in Kannada and Sanskrit respectively).
Similarly the other related place is Udhaka mandala(British name: Ooty) which means land beside water body in Kannada and Sanskrit respectively.
It is a common practice for pilgrims to take a dip in the triveni sangama and perform rituals to their ancestors before proceeding to Talakaveri, the birthplace of Kaveri. During Tula Sankramana which falls on October 17 or 18th, pilgrims assemble here in large numbers.
A short distance from the triveni sangama, there is a famous temple known as Sri Bhagandeshwara temple, where Bhagandeshwara (Ishwara), Subramanya, Mahavishnu and Ganapati idols are installed. This place is also known as Bhagandeshwara Kshetra, from which the name Bhagamandala is derived. The temples in this area are built in Karavali(West Coast) style.
During 1785–1790, the area was occupied by Tipu Sultan. He renamed Bhagamandala to Afesalabad. In 1790 King Dodda Vira Rajendra took Bhagamandala back into an independent Kodagu kingdom.
Bhagamandala is located about 33 km from the district headquarters Madikeri and is connected by paved roads from Madikeri, Virajpet and nearby places in Karnataka and Kerala. Government and private buses are available on all of these routes.
A short distance from Bhagamandala is the temple at Padi, which houses the deity Lord Igguthapp and is considered by many Kodavas to be the most sacred shrine in their homeland.
One more temple at Aiyangeri by name "CHINNATHAPPA",which houses the deity Lord Sri Krishna,considered by the people of the village to be the most sacred shrine in their home land. There is a festival once a year in the month of February or March, where the "Golden Flute" will be brought out from the temple.
Mt.Thavoor is a towering peak overlooking Bhagamandala,and Mt.Koppatti, which may be considered its twin peak is nearby and both these serve as fantastic trekking routes for anyone wishing to savour the mesmerising beauty of the Shola forest range.

</doc>
<doc id="9776099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776099" title="Les McCrabb">
Les McCrabb

Lester William "Buster" McCrabb (November 4, 1914 – October 8, 2008) was a starting pitcher who played in Major League Baseball. He batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Wakefield, Pennsylvania.
McCrabb was obtained by the Philadelphia Athletics from the Wilkes-Barre team (Eastern) as part of a minor league working agreement. He reached the Majors in 1939 with the Athletics, spending four consecutive years for them. In his only full season, he went 9–13 for the last-place 1941 A's. After an eight-year absence, including spending 1942–1947 in the minors, he returned with the club in 1950 for his last Major League appearance, then served the Athletics as a full-time coach from 1951–1954.
In a five-season American League career, McCrabb posted a 10–15 record with 57 strikeouts and a 5.96 ERA in 210.0 innings, including 13 complete games, one shutout, and one save.
At the time of his death, aged 93, McCrabb was recognized as one of the oldest living MLB players. He died October 8, 2008, survived by his wife Gladys Sprout McCrabb.

</doc>
<doc id="9776132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776132" title="ATTO Technology">
ATTO Technology

ATTO Technology is a manufacturer of storage connectivity products for data-intensive computing. ATTO manufactures host bus adapters, RAID adapters, Fibre Channel switches, Desklink devices, protocol conversion bridges, RAID storage controllers, Mac OS X iSCSI initiator software and acceleration software with storage interface connectivity to SCSI, SATA, SAS, Fibre Channel, FCoE, Thunderbolt and iSCSI.
History.
The company was founded in 1988 by Timothy J. Klein and David A. Snell and is headquartered in Amherst, New York. All of ATTO's products are engineered and manufactured in the United States and ATTO has delivered more than an estimated 2 million products to the market in a broad range of storage applications and environments.
Products.
ATTO products are sold directly to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), ODMs, White Box Systems Integrators as well as through ATTO authorized distributors and resellers. 
Products include: acceleration software, RAID Adapters, and Host Bus Adapters (HBAs) (4Gb and 8Gb Fibre Channel, 10GbE FCoE, Ultra320 SCSI, 3Gb and 6Gb SAS, 3Gb SATA and 1GbE and 10GbE iSCSI), sometimes called Storage Adapters or Host Adapters.
Other products include: RAID Storage Controllers—self-contained hardware that add RAID protection for stored data to SAS, SATA or Fibre Channel JBOD Storage Enclosures. RAID storage controllers also provide a single point of management for shared (networked) storage. 
Connectivity for all-in-one, laptop and small form factor computer systems which lack PCIe slots are served with their desklink devices. These current support Thunderbolt to Fibre Channel, SAS/SATA or 10Gb Ethernet.
Protocol conversion products, called Bridges, convert one protocol to another while adding cutting edge monitoring and management features, for example: Fibre Channel to SAS/SATA, iSCSI to SAS/SATA, Fibre Channel to iSCSI or Fibre Channel to SCSI.
Switches are also offered which provide 8, 16 or 24 8Gb Fibre Channel ports to enable an end to end SAN solution when using Fibre Channel HBAs.

</doc>
<doc id="9776136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776136" title="Michael Vitez">
Michael Vitez

Michael Vitez is a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist and published author.
Vitez has written for the "Philadelphia Inquirer" since 1985 and is known for his human-interest stories. In 1997, Vitez, along with Inquirer photographers April Saul and Ron Cortes, was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in Explanatory Journalism for a series of articles he wrote on end-of-life care, telling the stories of terminally ill patients who wished to die with dignity.
Biography.
Vitez was born on April 11, 1957, in Washington, DC and grew up in northern Virginia. After graduating from the University of Virginia in 1979, Vitez found positions at a series of middle-sized newspapers, including the Virginian-Pilot/Ledger Star, the Washington Star, and the Hartford Courant before being offered and accepting a position at the Inquirer in 1985.
In Philadelphia, Vitez has had a long career as a general-assignment features writer. After completing a year as a Journalism Fellow at the University of Michigan in 1994/1995, Vitez began to focus on aging, which persisted after his 1997 Pulitzer Prize win. He has written extensively on the murder-rate in Philadelphia, gun control, along with softer, more community-oriented pieces . As a result of the work he did which lead to his Pulitzer Prize win, Vitez wrote 'Final Choices,' a book focusing on individuals in pursuit of a noble death that was published in January 1998. In November 2006, Vitez published 'Rocky Stories,' which was a collection of stories about people who came to Philadelphia to run the famous steps at the Philadelphia Art Museum. The book, which featured glossy, color photos by Inquirer photographer and fellow Pulitzer Prize-winner Tom Gralish, features an introduction by the star of the "Rocky" movies, Sylvester Stallone. Vitez appeared briefly (uncredited) at the end of the movie Rocky Balboa (film). 
In 1997, Vitez said of his interests that he tries "to celebrate ordinary people around us by showing how ordinary people sometimes do extraordinary things".

</doc>
<doc id="9776146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776146" title="Borinqueña (album)">
Borinqueña (album)

Borinqueña is the name of a debut album released in 2003 by Roselyn Sánchez. The first single from the album entitled "Amor Amor" was nominated for a Latin Grammy for Best Music Video.
There is a hidden song after the Salsa Version of "Amor Amor". It is a special dance remix. It is not its own track on the CD, but rather part of track 12.

</doc>
<doc id="9776160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776160" title="Nick Sidi">
Nick Sidi

Nick Sidi (born 22 February 1966 in Manchester, England) is an English actor. He is the son-in-law of actress Rosalind Knight and brother-in-law of actress Susannah Elliott-Knight. He often plays drama or comedy roles on television and frequently appears in BBC dramas.
Filmography.
THEATRE
FILM

</doc>
<doc id="9776171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776171" title="Telephone recording">
Telephone recording

Telephone recording may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9776189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776189" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 215">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 215

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 215 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776191" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 216">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 216

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 216 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776192" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 217">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 217

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 217 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776193" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 218">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 218

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 218 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776197" title="Michael Otu">
Michael Otu

Air Marshal Michael Akuoko Otu (October 25, 1925 – October 8, 2006) was a senior commander in the Ghana Air Force who served as Chief of Air Staff and then Chief of Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces.

</doc>
<doc id="9776199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776199" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 219">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 219

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 219 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776201" title="Saints &amp; Sinners Festival">
Saints &amp; Sinners Festival

Saints & Sinners Festival is a two-day hardcore and heavy metal music festival held yearly in New Jersey. It started in 2006 at the Asbury Park Convention Hall on October 28 and October 29. The first day had emo/screamo/post hardcore bands and Atreyu headlined. The second day had metal/hardcore bands and Killswitch Engage headlined. The festival came back in 2007 and was held on November 3 and 4. Against Me! headlined on the 3rd and Glassjaw headlined on the 4th. The festival's website has stated that the festival will be back in 2009.
2007.
Saints and Sinners took place on November 3 and 4. The Crusade held competitions for local bands to compete to play at Saints and Sinners. The competition started in July. Prices were $30 for a one-day pass and $57 for a two-day pass. Against Me! headlined the 3rd and Glassjaw headlined the 4th.

</doc>
<doc id="9776203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776203" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 220">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 220

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 220 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776205" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 221">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 221

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 221 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776208" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 222">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 222

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 222 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776212" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 223">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 223

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 223 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776216" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 224">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 224

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 224 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776218" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 225">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 225

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 225 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776220" title="Kenneth F. Warren">
Kenneth F. Warren

Dr. Kenneth F. Warren is an authority on politics, public administration, and administrative law Warren is a professor of political science at Saint Louis University and the president of The Warren Poll. Warren has polled for various media, government, and political clients, including former House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt.
Warren served as a political analyst for local, national, and international media for over 20 years. He has appeared live on CNN, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, BBC, CBC, Swedish television, and Fox News. "The New York Times", "St. Louis Post Dispatch", "The Washington Post", "USA Today", "The Times", The Wall Street Journal, The New Republic, "The National Journal", "The Economist", and Time Magazine have used Warren's work as a political analyst. Frequently, Warren appears as a political analyst on National Public Radio (NPR).
Warren authored "In Defense of Public Opinion Polling", which became globally popular after its release in 2001, and "Administrative Law in the American Political System", published originally in 1982, with a fourth edition published in 2004.
Warren as President of The Warren Poll has been conducting surveys for political candidates, cities, school districts, non-profit organizations, states, the media, and private clients since 1980, and has specialized in community surveys since the late 1980s, conducting citizen surveys, as well as employee and business surveys, for many cities in the St. Louis area.
Dr. Kenneth F. Warren received his Ph.D. from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.

</doc>
<doc id="9776223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776223" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 226">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 226

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 226 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776226" title="Saravah">
Saravah

Saravah is a French record label founded by musician Pierre Barouh in 1965.
Some artists who have released albums on Saravah include:

</doc>
<doc id="9776227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776227" title="New Friend Request">
New Friend Request

"New Friend Request" is the second single taken from the Gym Class Heroes album "As Cruel as School Children". The single was released on 23 October in the UK and was the band's second consecutive single to be a non-chart qualifier as both physical formats contained a sticker, which is against UK chart rules regarding promotional pack-ins.
Music video.
The music video for "New Friend Request" is a MySpace-themed video. It has people that are depicted as "friends" on MySpace, and Travis McCoy has to add friends on his MySpace page. He has trouble finding friends, because most of them have flaws and he is trying to find the perfect ones. At the end, Travis ends up finding friends and something better—a girlfriend.
A remix, produced by Hi-Tek, is featured on the soundtrack album "".
The song contains a sample of "We Love Together" by The Majestic Arrows.

</doc>
<doc id="9776234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776234" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 209">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 209

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 209 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776236" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 210">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 210

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 210 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776240" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 211">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 211

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 211 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776241" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 212">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 212

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 212 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776242" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 213">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 213

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 213 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776244" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 214">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 214

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 214 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776271" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 228">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 228


</doc>
<doc id="9776274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776274" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 229">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 229

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 229 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776275" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 230">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 230

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 230 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776276" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 231">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 231

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 231 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776278" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 232">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 232

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 232 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776281" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 233">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 233

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 233 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776284" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 234">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 234

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 234 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776287" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 235">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 235

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 235 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776290" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 236">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 236

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 236 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776293" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 237">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 237

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 237 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776295" title="Saxifraga paniculata">
Saxifraga paniculata

Saxifraga paniculata (also known by the English common names White Mountain saxifrage, alpine saxifrage, encrusted saxifrage, lifelong saxifrage and livelong saxifrage, lime-encrusted saxifrage and silver saxifrage) is a species of saxifrage native to the United States, Europe and Asia.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Saxifraga paniculata" was first formally described in the eighth edition of "The Gardeners Dictionary" by the Scottish botanist Philip Miller in 1768 and is placed in the genus "Saxifraga" (the saxifrages) and in the Saxifragaceae family. The generic name "Saxifraga" literally means "stone-breaker", from Latin ' ("rock" or "stone") + ' ("to break"). It is usually thought to indicate a medicinal use for treatment of urinary calculi (such as kidney stones), rather than breaking rocks apart.
Description.
"Saxifraga paniculata" is a perennial and stoloniferous herbaceous plant with flowering stems 10–30 cm in height. The most easily identifiable feature of "S. paniculata" is its highly dense basal rosette of leaves, which are leathery, flat and stiff. 1–3 cm long, the oblong to ovate leaves are densely toothed and have fine leaf margins; a lime-encrusted white pore is present at the base of each leaf. The rosettes produce erect flowering stems (though nothing might be produced for a few years), whilst the rosettes themselves grow at the end of runners (horizontal, long stolons).
Flowering stems have reduced and scattered leaves which terminate in a somewhat elongated cluster. The flowers of "Saxifraga paniculata" are white, approximately 1 cm across and have dots which are either purplish or red. "S. paniculata" flowers from mid-to-late June to early August, and produces perfect flowers (as it has both stamens and carpels. The flowers themselves have five petals, two styles, one inferior ovary and a two-beaked seed capsule. Warming (1909) noted that the flowers of "S. paniculata" are protandrous, in the sense that even before the stigmas become receptive the flowers make and disperse pollen. However, as discussed in the 'Ecology' section below, "S. panicuulata" can self-pollinate.
"Saxifraga paniculata" can sometimes be mistaken for another plant in the same genus, "Saxifraga tricuspidata" (prickly saxifrage); whilst "S. tricuspidata" does grow in a similar range, it can be differentiated from "S. paniculata" by its lack of lime-encrusted pores and by its crowded and much narrower leaves, which apart from three terminating stiff spine-tipped teeth have otherwise smooth margins.
Distribution and habitat.
Growing in the Circumboreal Region, "Saxifraga paniculata" can be found throughout Central Europe, Greenland, Iceland and Scandinavia, as well as in the Caucasus and in North America where it can be found in the northern Great Lakes region, New England and New York. Only historical records document it in Maine, whilst "S. paniculata" is present, though considered a rarity, in Vermont, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland Island, New Brunswick, Minnesota and Labrador.
"Saxifraga paniculata" is a calciphile, and hence is found in calcareous habitats: an example of which is in a crevice of a basic rock (including basalt and volcanic rock conglomerates). Of the rock crevices or rock ledges it does grow on, "S. paniculata" prefers the shady ones.
Ecology.
Its ability to close its leaf rosettes when undergoing deleterious environmental conditions such as excessive heat and droughts gives "Saxifraga paniculata" a very high resistance to sustained photoinhibition and irreversible dehydration; a paper published by Hacker and Neuner in 2006 found that "S. paniculata" was more resistant to cold induced photoinhibition in winter than any other evergreen subalpine species that the group had studied. Due to the short growing season and the possible lack of pollinators, "S. paniculata" (like many arctic plants) can self-pollinate - whilst usually avoided in plant species as there is no potential for genetic variation in offspring, it does still ensure in dire conditions that seed is produced and dispersed.
In the wild, "Saxifraga paniculata" has been observed with many associated species, including but not limited to: "Trisetum spicatum", "Polygonum viviparum", "Polypodium virginianum", "Sagina nodosa", "Woodsia alpina", "Campanula rotundifolia", "Rubus pubescens", "Aralia nudicaulis," "Tortella tortuosa", "Aquilegia canadensis", "Carex eburnea" and "Woodsia glabella", as well as lichen cover.

</doc>
<doc id="9776306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776306" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 239">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 239

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 239 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776309" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 238">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 238

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 238 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776311" title="Paul Alan Cox">
Paul Alan Cox

Dr. Paul Alan Cox is an ethnobotanist whose scientific research focuses on the ecology of island plants and the uses of plants by island peoples. After receiving his B.S. in Botany from Brigham Young University, he was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship to read for his M.Sc. in Ecology at the University of Wales at Bangor. He received a Danforth Fellowship and a National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship for his Ph.D. studies at Harvard University in Biology. He subsequently was awarded a Miller Research Fellowship at the Miller Institute for Basic Research in Science at the University of California, Berkeley and later became a University of Melbourne Research Fellow in Australia. Although trained in evolutionary ecology, Cox became increasingly focused on ethnomedicine after his mother died from breast cancer. He served for years as professor and dean at Brigham Young University and later became the first King Carl XVI Gustaf Professor of Environmental Science at the Swedish Agricultural University and the University of Uppsala, a visiting professorship established by the Royal Academy of Sciences, for an academic year. For seven years he was Director of the Congressionally Chartered National Tropical Botanical Garden (NTBG) in Hawaii and Florida, and is currently Executive Director of the Institute for Ethnomedicine, in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. He is the author of over 180 scientific papers and reviews, and was chosen by "TIME" as one of eleven “Heroes of Medicine” for his search for new medicines from plants. In 1997 he received the Goldman Environmental Prize for the conservation efforts described in his book "Nafanua: Saving the Samoan Rainforest" ( New York: W.H. Freeman), which has been translated into German, Japanese and Samoan. He speaks a variety of island languages and is internationally renowned for his advocacy of indigenous peoples. Cox lived with his family for years in the village of Falealupo on Savai'i island in Samoa where he helped create a covenant with chiefs to protect their lowland rainforest from logging. In 1988, he was bestowed a "matai" chief title by Falealupo in honour of his work.
Dr. Cox founded and is chairman of the environmental non-profit organization, Seacology, located in Berkeley, California. He is also the Director of the Institute of Ethnomedicine in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, where he is searching for a cure for ALS.
A prominent Mormon voice for biological conservation, Cox helped defeat the MX missile project proposed for Utah and Nevada, led the successful effort to establish the 50th U.S. National Park, The National Park of American Samoa, and was a delegate to the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) in Lausanne, Switzerland to protect flying fox species in Pacific islands. He served an LDS mission in Samoa and is active in his church.

</doc>
<doc id="9776321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776321" title="El Círculo Fernandino">
El Círculo Fernandino

El Circulo Fernandino is both the name of the oldest social club in Pampanga, Philippines, and the name of its annual reception and ball. Members comprise the elite of San Fernando City, who host the dance which opens the annual the fiesta celebrations that culminate on May 30.
History.
Formed sometime in the 1920s, the club succeeded the earlier group called "La Gente Alegre de San Fernando" (The Merry Folks of San Fernando).
According to John Larkin in his book "The Pampangans", “a new phenomenon, town and provincial social clubs, which sprang up in the early American years, demonstrated how the native upper class flourished under the new regime. These organizations, exclusively for the elite, provided among other things an opportunity for young single adults to socialize with and meet others of the same age and class.”
Larkin later mentions, “the Pampangan elite, a greater number of them emulating late nineteenth century patterns of behavior, turned their attention to peer group organizations, politics, and extra provincial activities. They resolved many if their economic and political problems by banding together into various agricultural organizations and political parties. The trend toward forming upper-class social clubs for amusement also continued. Such groups as the Young Generation in Macabebe, the Kundiman in Angeles, and the Circulo Fernandino in San Fernando were all patterned after organizations formed in the early American years.” 
Later history.
El Circulo Fernandino organised annual parties to achieve this, but these were interrupted by the Second World War. The club resumed its social activities after the War, only to be halted again in 1987.
In 1997, the club decided to revive its annual receptions under the presidency of Engr. Angelo David and Dr. Leticia Cordero-Yap. The El Circulo Fernandino Foundation, Inc. was formed as a result of this revival, transforming the club from a strictly social club to a more socially-involved organisation.
As part of keeping up with Filipino traditions, the classic "Rigodon de Honor" (the country's analogue to a court dance), is performed by the prominent citizens of San Fernando. Men are traditionally garbed in their best piña "barongs" and the women are dressed in colourful "ternos" and bedecked in jewellery.
Related celebrations.
The Thomasian was a social club for residents of nearby Santo Tomas, formed when the town was still part of San Fernando. The organisation hosted the annual Sábado de Gloria (Holy Saturday) Ball, which is the oldest surviving social event in Pampanga.

</doc>
<doc id="9776333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776333" title="William John Campbell">
William John Campbell

William John Campbell was a Creole mayor of Freetown, Sierra Leone of Egba and Ife descent. His family was a prominent one amongst the Creoles in the early 1900s. His mother, Sarah Campbell was an Egba, his father, John Campbell, was an Ife. His brother John William Campbell (herbalist) was a herbalist at Connaught Hospital in Freetown, Sierra Leone. An elder brother also called John William Campbell, was Justice of Peace of the Colony of Sierra Leone. The Campbell family owned a large area in Freetown along Fourah Bay road called 'Fire burn' because it was such a large piece of land.
William John Campbell's burial place is at the Racecourse Cemetery in Freetown. The oldest surviving Campbell (William John's niece), Sarah Rebecca Letitia Campbell died at age 101 recently.
Sources.
See article Mayors of Freetown, Sierra Leone

</doc>
<doc id="9776334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776334" title="Horizont">
Horizont

The Horizont is a mechanical swing-lens, panoramic, camera. Produced in the Soviet Union in the 1960s, it has an all-metal, rectangular body and removable grip and viewfinder.
First introduced at Photokina in 1966, the Horizont creates a picture using 24 x 58 mm frames on 35mm film. It has an OF-28P (28 mm, f/2.8), fixed-focus, lens and offers shutter speeds of 1/30 s, 1/60 s and 1/125 s. Its body is 142 mm wide, 100 mm high and 67 mm deep and weighs 910 g (grip not included).
A new version, produced in post-soviet Russia, carries the Horizon brand.

</doc>
<doc id="9776346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776346" title="InterServ">
InterServ

InterServ International Inc. () is a provider of game development and art outsourcing services in Asia based in Taipei, Taiwan. InterServ caters to large international developers and publishers and provides development and art production services for PC, current consoles, next generation consoles, online games and MMOG game platforms. Since 1989, InterServ has grown to over 300 employees and 3 international locations in Asia and the United States. InterServ is a publicly traded company on the Taiwan Stock Exchange.
History.
InterServ was founded by Sheree Tsao in 1989 after she left Hewlett-Packard Taiwan. InterServ began as a CD-ROM and software developer, specializing in educational software including English, Mathematics, and Chinese language games. In 1995, InterServ releases their first game "Takalamagan - the Legend of Dunhuang", across PC, Saturn, and PlayStation platforms. In 1998, InterServ releases "Yamaraja - The Magic Dungeon," the first domestically produced 3D game in Taiwan.
In 2000, InterServ expanded its operations into to China by opening a full production studio in Shanghai. This expansion led to more growth in size and capability, adding more artists and increasing the capability in game development and art asset production. In 2001, InterServ released "Swordman Online",the first locally developed MMOG which had a registered base of 1.5 million users in Asia.
In 2002, InterServ continued its expansion by opening an office in Irvine, California. InterServ also went public on the Taiwan Stock Exchange, making it one of the largest public game development companies in the world. Since then, InterServ has released 6 game titles for PC, consoles, and MMOG. The most notable releases were "Iron Phoenix", winner of the "Most Innovative Game of E3" in 2004 and "" in 2006. Their first game for Xbox Live Arcade, "Word Puzzle", was released on November 7, 2007.
Comprehensive Services.
InterServ is unique in the game development services segment in Asia as it offers many in-house services. InterServ offers full game development capability, art asset production for current and next-gent, development for online games and MMOG platforms, programming services, and in-house QA services. Their versatility also includes the capability to produce games and assets for any number of platforms including PC, current and next-gen consoles, online, MMOG, and cross-platform systems. They are also experience in producing games and assets for all market segments including Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan, the UK, and the US.

</doc>
<doc id="9776367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776367" title="El Grito de la juventud">
El Grito de la juventud

El Grito de la juventud is a Argentine comedy drama film directed by Brazilian director Raul Roulien. The film premiered in Buenos Aires on 24 September 1939 and starred Vicente Climent.

</doc>
<doc id="9776391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776391" title="List of Oklahoma Sooners starting quarterbacks">
List of Oklahoma Sooners starting quarterbacks

This is a list of the starting quarterbacks for the Oklahoma Sooners football teams since 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="9776400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776400" title="Steven L. Bennett">
Steven L. Bennett

Steven Logan Bennett (April 22, 1946 – June 29, 1972) of Palestine, Texas was a United States Air Force pilot who posthumously received the Medal of Honor for heroism during the Vietnam War on August 8, 1974.
Military service.
Prior to entering the U.S. Air Force, Steven Bennett attended the University of Southwestern Louisiana (now University of Louisiana at Lafayette) in Lafayette, Louisiana; he graduated with a degree in Aerospace Engineering. He was in ROTC and received his private pilot's license in 1965. He entered the Air Force in August 1968, and earned his pilot wings at Webb AFB, Texas in 1969. In 1970, he completed B-52 bomber training course at Castle AFB, CA. He was stationed at Fairchild AFB, Washington. He flew B-52s out of Thailand for almost a year. He then transitioned to become a Forward Air Controller (FAC), and graduated from the FAC and fighter training courses at Cannon AFB, New Mexico, before reporting to Da Nang, Vietnam in April 1972. He had only been in combat for three months before his Medal of Honor mission and had also won the Air Medal with three oak leaf clusters. He was also awarded the Purple Heart and the Cheny Award.
His call-sign at DaNang was Covey 87. Bennett had recently turned 26 when he was killed.
Captain Bennett was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. Vice President Gerald Ford presented the decoration to Captain Bennett’s wife, Linda, and daughter, Angela, at the Blair House on August 8, 1974. Bennett is buried in Lafayette Memorial Cemetery at Lafayette, Louisiana. He was survived by his wife and one child. He had two brothers, David and Miles, and three sisters, Kathe, Lynne and Ardra. His mother, Edith Alice Logan Bennett, preceded him in death and his father, Elwin Bennett, died many years later in 2006. His daughter now lives near Dallas, TX with her husband, Paul, and two children, Jake and Elizabeth. His wife, Linda Leveque Bennett Wells, died on July 11, 2011.
Bennett's observer, Mike Brown, and was reunited with Bennett's wife and daughter in 1988. They have since remained close and together have attended numerous dedications in Bennett's honor throughout the United States.
Angela is a lifetime member of the OV-10 Association located at Meacham Air Field in Fort Worth, Texas. They have acquired an OV-10 and painted the names of both Bennett and Mike Brown on the side in memory of their last flight together. Angela was named by her father, who chose Angela Noelle, as in Christmas Angel; she was born near Christmas.
Honors.
He is the namesake of the ship and his name is engraved on the Vietnam Memorial at Panel 01W - Row 051. There have been numerous other dedications done in his honor. They range from streets being named after him to buildings, including a gymnasium and a cafeteria, a sports arena and VFW posts, and many monuments. He has been mentioned in several military history books.
Medal of Honor citation.
The President of the United States takes pride in presenting the MEDAL OF HONOR
posthumously to
CAPTAIN STEVEN L. BENNETT
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
20th Tactical Air Support Squadron, Pacific Air Forces.
Place and date of action: Quang Tri, Republic of Vietnam, June 29, 1972.
For service as set forth in the following
Citation:
Capt. Bennett was the pilot of a light aircraft flying an artillery adjustment mission along a heavily defended segment of route structure. A large concentration of enemy troops was massing for an attack on a friendly unit. Capt. Bennett requested tactical air support but was advised that none was available. He also requested artillery support but this too was denied due to the close proximity of friendly troops to the target. Capt. Bennett was determined to aid the endangered unit and elected to strafe the hostile positions. After 4 such passes, the enemy force began to retreat. Capt. Bennett continued the attack, but, as he completed his fifth strafing pass, his aircraft was struck by a surface-to-air missile, which severely damaged the left engine and the left main landing gear. As fire spread in the left engine, Capt. Bennett realized that recovery at a friendly airfield was impossible. He instructed his observer to prepare for an ejection, but was informed by the observer that his parachute had been shredded by the force of the impacting missile. Although Capt. Bennett had a good parachute, he knew that if he ejected, the observer would have no chance of survival. With complete disregard for his own life, Capt. Bennett elected to ditch the aircraft into the Gulf of Tonkin, even though he realized that a pilot of this type aircraft had never survived a ditching. The ensuing impact upon the water caused the aircraft to cartwheel and severely damaged the front cockpit, making escape for Capt. Bennett impossible. The observer successfully made his way out of the aircraft and was rescued. Capt. Bennett's unparalleled concern for his companion, extraordinary heroism and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty, at the cost of his life, were in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service and reflect great credit upon himself and the U.S. Air Force.
(signed) GERALD R. FORD

</doc>
<doc id="9776406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776406" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 251">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 251

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 251 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776429" title="Matt McGinley">
Matt McGinley

Matthew Ryan "Matt" McGinley (born February 24, 1983) is the co-founder and drummer of Gym Class Heroes.
Career.
McGinley and Travis McCoy met in school in gym class (though it is supposedly said that it did not give the name to the band) and quickly became friends. The two decided to form a band, the now popular Gym Class Heroes. The lineup was complete when former members Milo Bonacci and Ryan Geise joined, who were later replaced by now permanent members Disashi and Eric. He has recently put out a full-length CD with an Alternative rock/Punk rock band called Kill the Frontman.

</doc>
<doc id="9776437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776437" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 241">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 241

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 241 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776438" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 242">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 242

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 242 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776439" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 243">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 243

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 243 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776441" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 244">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 244

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 244 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776442" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 245">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 245

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 245 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776447" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 246">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 246

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 246 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776451" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 247">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 247

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 247 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776454" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 248">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 248

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 248 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776457" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 249">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 249

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 249 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776459" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 250">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 250

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 250 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776467" title="Editorial URSS">
Editorial URSS

Editorial URSS is a Russian scientific literature publishing house (textbooks, monographs, journals, proceedings of Russian institutes and universities, etc.). Since 1995, Editorial URSS has issued more than 4000 [http://urss.ru/cgi-bin/db.pl?lang=en&blang=en&page=Main&list=14] items in Russian, Spanish, and English.
About 200 books have been issued by Editorial URSS in collaboration with Russian Foundation for Basic Research, Russian Foundation of Humanities and Soros Foundation "Open Society".
The wide variety of books on science and nature (physics, mathematics, chemistry), biology, ecology, medicine, synergetics, social sciences (economics, politics, history, psychology, sociology, philology, languages, etc.) are aimed to the general public.

</doc>
<doc id="9776470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776470" title="Gente bien">
Gente bien

Gente bien is a 1939 Argentine musical film directed by Manuel Romero. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires on June 28, 1939 and the United States on October 8, 1939 and starred Hugo del Carril, Tito Lusiardo and Delia Garcés.
The score was composed by Francisco Canaro and Tito Ribero.

</doc>
<doc id="9776471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776471" title="Alex Pitko">
Alex Pitko

Alexander (Alex) "Spunk" Pitko (November 22, 1914 – August 1, 2011) was a backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Philadelphia Phillies (1938) and Washington Senators (1939). Born in Burlington, New Jersey, he batted and threw right-handed. 
In a two-season career, Pitko was a .259 hitter (7-for-27) with three RBI, two runs, one double, and one stolen base without home runs in 11 games played.

</doc>
<doc id="9776479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776479" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 240">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 240

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 240 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776481" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 252">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 252

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 252 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776493" title="Ardis Krainik">
Ardis Krainik

Ardis Joan Krainik (March 8, 1929 – January 18, 1997) was an American mezzo-soprano opera singer who was the general director of the Lyric Opera of Chicago for 15 years.
Background.
Krainik was born and raised in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, the daughter of businessman Arthur Krainik, of Czech origins, and Clara Bracken Krainik, a native of Chicago and the daughter of an immigrant Norwegian family . She had an older sister, Elizabeth, and never married. Her Norwegian great-grandfather, Martin Brækkan, had been an oboist with a military band in his native Trondheim.
She attended the public schools of Manitowoc and graduated from Northwestern University's School of Speech (B.S., 1951) intending to become a teacher. It was at Northwestern that she was encouraged to pursue a career in voice. Northwestern awarded her the honorary degree of Doctor of Fine Arts in 1984.
Career.
Following her graduation from college, Krainik took a job as a clerk-typist with the Lyric Opera and eventually was selected to sing secondary mezzo soprano roles onstage with numerous opera luminaries. In 1965, under the leadership of general director Carol Fox, she became artistic administrator, a position she held until the Board appointed her general director after Fox's dismissal in 1981. She served as general director from 1982 until her death in 1997. She was appointed a member of the National Endowment for the Arts and also served as chairman of Opera America in the mid-1990s.
Under Krainik’s leadership, the Lyric Opera was able to put its fiscal house in order after many years of running in the red. In 1991 she made headlines when she fired Italian tenor Luciano Pavarotti for yet another cancellation due to his being "indisposed." Krainik endeared herself to Chicago's opera patrons, who had been disappointed by one too many of Pavarotti's last-minute cancellations.
At a 1996 Gala celebrating Krainik's 43-year career at the Lyric, the 3,563-seat Art Deco house was renamed the Ardis Krainik Theatre in honor of her lifetime of contributions to the Lyric Opera, including a $110 million renovation of the second largest opera auditorium in North America (after New York's Metropolitan Opera) in 1993. The Gala, hosted by Plácido Domingo, did not include Mr. Pavarotti, who had not been invited.
In 1996, she received the Chicago History Museum "Making History Award" for Distinction in the Performing Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="9776504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776504" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 253">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 253

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 253 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776506" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 254">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 254

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 254 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776509" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 255">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 255

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 255 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776510" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 256">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 256

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 256 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776534" title="List of Saturday Night Live writers">
List of Saturday Night Live writers

Lorne Michaels and Dick Ebersol's American live sketch comedy and variety show "Saturday Night Live" (abbreviated as "SNL") has employed a large staff of writers during its thirty-nine season run. The staff generally consists of a large crew of writers who develop sketch ideas for the show and one or more head writers who help dictate which sketches will be developed further.

</doc>
<doc id="9776547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776547" title="Appelscha">
Appelscha

Appelscha () is a village in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It has just under 5000 inhabitants.
History and background.
Appelscha is a village of about 490 hectares in size of which 8 hectares consists of water, it was first named in written documents in 1247 as Appels which is the translation of apples. The last part of the name Appelscha has its origin due to the woods around the village. ‘Sche’ or ‘scha’ means woods and was therefore added to the name of the village. It consisted from a few farms surrounding the Boerestreek (what was called high-Appelscha) for centuries,the hamlets Aakinga, Terwisscha and De Bult close by. Appelscha remained a small village, tucked away between sand dunes and wet peat. In 2007, Oude Willem, a small natural area in between Appelscha and Zorgvlied was even chosen as most beautiful place in the Netherlands by readers of HP/De Tijd which is a popular magazine in the Netherlands (Nieuwe Ooststellingwerver, 2007).
Sand and Peat.
Around 1450 dikes were constructed to ensure the acid leakwater from the peat returned to the fields. The old Appelscha suffered much of drifting sand from the dunes. In 1881 people therefore started with the construction of the forest.
After 1827 the village extends with the advent of thousands Frisian workers for peat extraction, and the modern village was created. The Social conditions were however, very poor. By the time peat yielded much less than coal, a huge strike broke out (1888). Because of this large immigration of Frisian workers in the nineteenth century, Appelscha became a Frisian-speaking village,in a municipality where otherwise Stellingwarfs was spoken, a dialect of Dutch.
Sanatorium Beatrixoord.
In 1922, the Friesch Volkssanatorium from Joure transferred to Appelscha. Many thousands of patients spent years in the huge forest to try to cure their tuberculosis. Today only the X-ray department of the Sanatorium is left. This is the only tuberculosis museum in the world.
Surroundings and Tourism.
Appelscha is located at the edge of the 61 square kilometre Nationaal Park Drents-Friese Wold which is one of the biggest natural reserves in the Netherlands located on the border of the provinces Friesland and Drenthe. The landscaped forest and the sand dunes present around the village attract many tourists to Appelscha, and became famous in the Netherlands for its natural beauty. For this reason Appelcha provides tourists Alongside the Boerestreek you'll findwith restaurants and , regular markets during weekends and summer along the Boerestreek, which is used to be the touristic centrum of the village. Many other attractions at Tthe Boerestreek also hosted other tourist activities in the past, ppealed to tourists as well, like an amusement park ‘Duinenzathe’ and a miniature park. The amusement park moved to the edge of the village in 1997 after the municipality planned to reorganise the Boerestreek.. The miniature park closed its doors in oktober 2002 after decreasing amounts of visitors after the reorganisation (RTV Drenthe, 2002).
Due to its history of a peat producing village, Appelscha is located along the Opsterlandse Compagnonsvaart which is the canal that flows through the village and connects surrounding villages with each other. Nowadays this canal is a popular touristic route for those who own a boat and therefore attracts major amounts of tourists to Appelscha every year. In 2012, 11% of short domestic holidays, and 13% of long domestic holidays by the total amount of Dutch people was spend in the area on the Groningse, Friese, en Drentse sandgrounds which Appelscha is part of (CBS, toerisme en recreatie in 2012). Though, tourists in Appelscha not only spend their holidays solely on their boats. Appelscha is a host for a couple of campings of which RCN De Roggeberg is the largest and most popular. Staying on this camping during the summermonths can be combined with free entrance to the open air swimming pool called ‘Bosbad Appelscha’, situated next to the camping. Bosbad Appelscha is, as its name already reveals, a large pool surrounded by the woods. 
Swimming in Appelscha is however not the only sports or leisure tourists can enjoy in the village. Since 2007 interested tourists can fully enjoy playing golf on the green of Golf Resort De Hildenberg which consists of nine holes over a total distance of 1944 meters (Appelscha.nl, Quality Golf Resort De Hildenberg). Tourists demanding more luxury can even rent one of the 129 villas on the property of the golf resort which is again near to Bosbad Appelscha (Hogenboom vakantieparken, Buitenplaats De Hildenberg).
Though for the more adventurous ones, Appelscha recently hosts a new kind of activity called ‘Klimbos Appelscha’. This adventure park is located near the Boerestreek, in the middle of the forest where the company ‘Appelscha Outdoor’ developed climbing trails from tree to tree at heights varying from four till 14 meters. Starting from the central platform adventurers taller than 1.40 meter are able to choose from the several trails available with each trail requiring different skills (Staatsbosbeheer.nl, Klimbos Appelscha).
Future.
Although the present facilities available for tourists seem quite sufficient for such a small village, Appelscha faces a decrease in tourist numbers over de last decade. The touristic centrum, the Boerestreek, after the movement of Duinenzathe and the shutdown of the miniature park, experiences tough times. Though, in the near future the community is planning to improve this harsh situation. This year, a new plan for the reorganisation of the Boerestreek is developed which should encourage tourists to spend their holiday time here again. The new plan’s main idea creates a more natural environment where terraces are more connected to the nature of the forest, making it more attractive for tourists to enjoy a drink or meal at one of the terraces present. 
Furthermore, Klimbos Appelscha is incorporated into the plan by providing them the opportunity to expand their climbing trails. On the Boerestreek will be a climbing tower in order to create a link between several climbing routes. In doing so, tourists on the terraces and the Boerestreek in general, somehow, will be entertained by the people who are defying the trees (Beune, F. 2013).
WWII.
In the last days of World War Two, the area was the site of a sharp battle between German forces and the Free French, combined with the Canadian forces.
Community.
Appelscha’s inhabitants consists about half man half women. The largest group representing 32% of the population is in the age of 45-64. The smallest age group is in the age of 15–24 years which makes its population age quite old on average. 47% of its inhabitants are married while only 7% is divorced. Another 7% is widowed (CBS, 2012. Cijfers en statistieken over de buurt Appelscha in Ooststellingwerf).
Population 
• 1954 - 3.331
• 1959 - 3.367
• 1964 - 3.113
• 1969 - 3.333
• 1974 - 3.547
• 2009 - 5.123 Municipality Ooststellingwerf.
• 2012 – 5535 (CBS, 2012)
References.
→Appelscha.nl. Quality Golf Resort De Hildenberg. Retrieved from: http://www.appelscha.nl/actief/golf/golfbaan-de-hildenberg. Last access: 29.10.2013.
→Beune, F. 2013. Herinrichting Boerestreek Appelscha.
→CBS, 2012. Cijfers en statistieken over de buurt Appelscha in Ooststellingwerf. Retrieved from: http://www.oozo.nl/cijfers/ooststellingwerf/appelscha/appelscha. Last access: 29.10.2013.
→CBS, 2012. Hoeveel inwoners heeft Appelscha? Retrieved from: http://www.stadindex.nl/appelscha. Last access: 29.10.2013.
→CBS, 2012. Tourisme en recreatie in 2012. Retrieved from: http://www.cbs.nl/NR/rdonlyres/80401339-69BD-41B0-9ECF-D5DAFDEE9385/0/2012g82pub.pdf. Last access: 29.10.2013.
→Hogenboom vakantieparken. Buitenplaats De Hildenberg. Retrieved from: http://www.vakantiegevoel.nl/vakantieparken/nederland/drenthe/buitenplaats-de-hildenberg/. Last access: 29.10.2013
→Municipality Ooststellingwerf - Gemeentegids 2009-2010.
→National Park Drents Frisian Forest. Retrieved from: http://www.nationaalpark-drents-friese-wold.nl/ national Park Drents Frisian Forest. Last access: 29.10.2013.
→Nieuwe Ooststellingwerver, 2007. Appelscha nu echt het mooiste stukje van Nederland. Retrieved from: http://www.nieuweooststellingwerver.nl/nieuws/dorpen/245266/appelscha-nu-echt-het-mooiste-stukje-nederland.html. Last access: 19.10.2013.
→RTV Drenthe, 2002. Miniatuurpark Appelscha. Retrieved from: http://radio-tv-nederland.nl/historie/smilde/appelscha/smilde-miniatuur.html. Last access: 19.10.2013.
→Staatsbosbeheer.nl. Klimbos Appelscha. Retrieved from: http://www.staatsbosbeheer.nl/Activiteiten/Drents%20Friese%20Wold/Klimbos%20Appelscha.aspx. Last access: 29.10.2013.
→Website Association for history Appelscha. Retrieved from: http://www.hvappelscha.nl/ Website Association for history Appelscha. Last access: 29.10.2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9776564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776564" title="Luis Robson">
Luis Robson

Luís Robson Pereira da Silva (born 21 September 1974 in Volta Redonda, Brazil) is a Brazilian football forward, widely considered as the first successful import in the Russian Premier League.
Luis Robson started his professional career at Matsubara. Having played for various small clubs in Brazil, he finally moved to Brazilian Série A club Goias in 1996. After spending one year at Goias, Robson moved to Corinthians. The player also had a one-year spell at U.D. Leiria of Portugal, before moving to Russia, where he spent the next five years, the most successful in his career. With Spartak, Robson won five Russian Premier League titles and played in the Champions League.
After leaving Spartak Moscow, Robson never really found his form and had short, not very successful spells in Japan and France, before returning to Brazil, where he signed for Marília. In 2006 his contract with Marília expired and he found himself without a club.
Honours.
Russian Premier League:1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 
Russian Cup: 1998
European club competitions.
With FC Spartak Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="9776567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776567" title="Hunter Engineering Co. v. Syncrude Canada Ltd.">
Hunter Engineering Co. v. Syncrude Canada Ltd.

Hunter Engineering Co. v. Syncrude Canada Ltd., 1 S.C.R. 426 is a leading commercial contract decision of the Supreme Court of Canada. The Court unanimously found that the companies that sold Syncrude faulty gear boxes were not liable for their poor design, however, the Court was divided on the test to determine when a fundamental breach could void a contract.
The Court held that the limitation of liability clause was enforceable even in the case of a fundamental breach so long as it was clear in the language that it was within the intentions of the parties.
Background.
Syncrude contracted with Hunter Engineering and Allis-Chalmers to design gear boxes. Due to design flaws, the boxes were not usable for their intended purpose. Syncrude spent over $1 million to repair the boxes. Hunter sought protection under a limitation of liability clause within the contract.
Judgment of the Court.
There were three separate reasons given.
Chief Justice Dickson, with La Forest J., found that the limitation clause was valid. He argued that the doctrine of fundamental breach is not appropriate. Instead, the issue should only be dealt with as a matter of contractual unconscionability such as where parties have unequal bargaining power.
Justice Wilson, with Justice L'Heureux-Dube, argued that the limitation clause could be invalidated in certain circumstances. Wilson proposed that a contract could be struck out for fundamental breach where the conduct of one party deprives the other party of “substantially the whole benefit” of the contract.
Justice McIntyre, writing briefly for himself alone, agreed with Wilson on a number of findings based on the facts, but refused to deal with the issue of fundamental breach.

</doc>
<doc id="9776568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776568" title="Douglas Allen, Baron Croham">
Douglas Allen, Baron Croham

Douglas Albert Vivian Allen, Baron Croham, GCB, FRSA (15 December 1917 – 11 September 2011) was a British politician and civil servant.
The son of Albert John Allen, Douglas Allen was only one when his father was killed in action during the First World War. Allen was educated at Wallington County Grammar School and at the London School of Economics (LSE), where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in statistics in 1938. During the Second World War, from 1940 to 1945, he served in the Royal Artillery. Having entered the British Civil Service, Allen worked in the Board of Trade between 1939 and 1947, and in Her Majesty's Treasury between 1948–58.
In 1958, he became a Under-Secretary at the Ministry of Health, a post he held until 1960, when he changed to Her Majesty's Treasury again. Made a Third Secretary in 1962 and a Permanent Secretary in 1966, he worked for the Department of Economic Affairs (1964–68). Allen was Permanent Secretary of Her Majesty's Treasury from 1968 to 1974, and Permanent Secretary of the Civil Service Department and Head of the Home Civil Service (1974–77). 
Affiliations.
Allen was chairman of British National Oil Corporation (BNOC) from 1982 to 1986, of Guinness Peat Group (1982–87), and of Trinity Insurance Ltd (1987–92). He was president of the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS; 1978–92), and of the British Institute of Energy Economics (1986–94). He was chairman of the Anglo-German Foundation (1982–98). He was a governor of the London School of Economics (LSE) (1977–2004) and of the Wallington County Grammar School (1993–2003). He was member of the First Division Association (FDA) and vice-president of the Anglo-German Association. He was a member of the Institute of Directors and a companion of the British Institute of Management. 
Honours.
Allen was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and was made an Honorary Doctor of Social Science (DSocSc) by the University of Southampton. In 1963, he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the Bath (CB), in 1967 a Knight Commander of the same Order (KCB), and in 1973, a Knight Grand Cross of the same Order (GCB). On 8 February 1978, he was created a life peer as Baron Croham, of the London Borough of Croydon. 
Personal life.
Allen was married to Sybil Eileen Allegro from 1941–94, when his wife died; the couple had two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9776569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776569" title="Trout Creek, Ontario">
Trout Creek, Ontario

Trout Creek is a community and unincorporated area in the municipality of Powassan, Parry Sound District in Northern Ontario, Canada. It is in geographic South Himsworth Township; is located on Ontario Highway 11, south of the town centre of Powassan; and is part of the Almaguin Highlands.
Etymology.
Situated on a tributary of the South River, in Parry Sound District, south of North Bay, this town (1913) was first known as "Little Bend of the South River" and Powassan as the "Big Bend". It was called Melbourne after the pioneer settlers arrived in 1868, possibly for Melbourne, Australia, itself named in 1835 for Lord Melbourne (1779–1848), the British prime minister in 1834-41. However, its post office was called "Barkerton" in 1887. Three years later it was renamed Trout Creek.
Transportation.
The Canadian National Railway transcontinental main line was the first transportation link that was constructed in the area during the late 19th century. In the early 20th century, the Ferguson Road, later becoming Ontario Highway 11 was constructed on a roughly parallel course to the rail line. Ontario Highway 11 was rerouted around the community in 2002 following its expansion to a four-lane divided highway, with Ontario Highway 522 assuming its former alignment south out of the community reaching its terminus at McFadden Line and Interchange 301, and the former northern alignment became Ontario Highway 522B reaching its terminus at Hemlock Road and Interchange 306.
References.
Other map sources:

</doc>
<doc id="9776617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776617" title="Regulated function">
Regulated function

In mathematics, a regulated function (or ruled function) is a "well-behaved" function of a single real variable. Regulated functions arise as a class of integrable functions, and have several equivalent characterisations. Regulated functions were introduced by Georg Aumann in 1954; the corresponding regulated integral was promoted by the Bourbaki group, including Jean Dieudonné.
Definition.
Let "X" be a Banach space with norm || - ||"X". A function "f" : "T" → "X" is said to be a regulated function if one (and hence both) of the following two equivalent conditions holds true :
It requires a little work to show that these two conditions are equivalent. However, it is relatively easy to see that the second condition may be re-stated in the following equivalent ways:
Properties of regulated functions.
Let Reg(denote the set of all regulated functions "f" : [0, "T" → "X".

</doc>
<doc id="9776623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776623" title="Frigate lieutenant">
Frigate lieutenant

Frigate lieutenant is a rank in some navies, especially those of Spain (Spanish: "Alférez de Navío") and Latin America, roughly equivalent to a sub-lieutenant in the Royal Navy or a lieutenant (junior grade) in the US Navy. The French Navy equivalent is a ship-of-the-line ensign (first class) (French: "enseigne de vaisseau de première classe").
The NATO rank code is OF-1 (senior)
Austria-Hungary.
In the Austro-Hungarian Navy the rank of Fregattenleutnant or "fregatthadnagy" was the lowest rank of professional officers. It was superior to "Korvettenleutnant" (a reserve rank) and inferior to "Linienschiffsleutnant". Until 1908 the rank was called "Linienschiffsfähnrich" (ship-of-the-line ensign).

</doc>
<doc id="9776644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776644" title="The Strangers">
The Strangers

The Strangers is a 2008 American horror film written and directed by Bryan Bertino and starring Liv Tyler, Scott Speedman, Glenn Howerton, Gemma Ward, Laura Margolis and Kip Weeks. The film revolves around a young couple who are terrorized by three masked assailants, who break into the remote summer home in which they are staying and damage all means of escape.
"The Strangers" was made on a budget of $9 million and after two postponements was released theatrically on May 30, 2008, in North America. It grossed $82.3 million at the box office worldwide. Marketed as "inspired by true events", writer and director Bryan Bertino stated that the film was inspired by a series of break-ins that occurred in his neighborhood as a child, as well as some incidents that occurred during the Manson killings(though website iO9 submits there is lack of legitimacy towards claiming the events are inspired as true). Critical reaction to the film was mixed.
Plot.
In a recorded 911 call, a boy screams that he and his friend found two bodies lying in blood in an old vacation house.
Kristen McKay and James Hoyt arrive at a remote summer vacation house owned by James's parents after attending a friend's wedding reception. James had proposed to Kristen there, but she refused. James calls his friend Mike to come pick him up in the morning. Shortly after 4 a.m., a young blonde woman, whose face is obscured by low lighting, knocks on the front door asking for Tamara. When James and Kristen tell her she is at the wrong house, she asks if they're sure, and leaves shortly after.
A short while later, James leaves to get Kristen some cigarettes. Not long after, Kristen hears another knock on the door; the same woman has returned to ask for Tamara again. Kristen refuses to open up. During the following minutes, she hears strange noises, and her cellphone goes missing. As her fear grows, she eventually hears a noise from the back door, grabs a large kitchen knife and opens the curtains, to find a man wearing a sack mask staring back at her. Panicked, she hides in the bedroom until James returns. When she warns him of what just transpired, James investigates. He finds his car's windshield smashed in, its tires slashed, and the blonde woman, now wearing a mask, watching him from afar. He also finds that his phone, which he had left in the car, is now on the table and missing its battery, realizing the house has been breached.
The couple attempt to leave in James' car, but a third stranger in a pin-up girl mask drives a truck into his car, totaling it and forcing them to flee back inside. James arms himself with a shotgun, and the duo take refuge in the hallway closet. Soon after, Mike arrives early, finding the house in disarray, and as he goes through the house, he is shot by James, mistaking him for an intruder. Devastated for killing his friend, James remembers an old radio transmitter in the backyard shed, so he leaves the house, promising Kristen that he will return in a few minutes. He heads to the shed and attempts to shoot Pin-Up Girl, but is ambushed by the masked man.
Kristen hears a shot and waits in turmoil for James, but he does not return, so she decides to make a run for the shed. There, she finds the radio, which she uses to try and contact someone for help, but Pin-Up Girl appears and smashes the radio, so Kristen flees back to the house. There, Kristen first avoids the masked man, but ends up being confronted by Dollface, who is now armed with a knife. As she tells Kristen that she is going to die, James is pushed into the house by the masked man, who now has the gun. James tells Kristen to run, and with Pin-Up Girl blocking the front door, she runs into the bedroom and attempts to escape through the window, but cannot get it open. Heading back into the hallway, the masked man grabs her and throws her into the wall. Barely conscious, she is dragged down the hallway.
James and Kristen wake up the next day and find themselves tied to chairs in the living room while the three strangers stand over them. Kristen asks, "Why are you doing this to us?" and Dollface answers, "Because you were home". Before removing their masks, Dollface enters the room with a knife. Kristen pleads, but the strangers take turns stabbing James and Kristen, seemingly to death. The strangers then leave the house. Not too long after, James lies dead on the floor, and Kristen hears Mike's phone ringing near his body and crawls toward it, but then the man appears behind her and takes the phone before leaving the house.
The trio leaves in an old pick-up truck and spot two young Mormon boys prompting them to stop. The blonde woman takes one of the fliers that they are handing out, and one of the boys asks her if she is a sinner, to which she replies "Sometimes." As they drive away, Pin-Up Girl tells her, "It'll be easier next time." The trio leaves and the boys arrive at the house, finding the totaled car and the door open. The boys head into the house in curiosity, finding James and Kristen lying motionless in the living room. One of the boys goes up to Kristen, and as he is about to touch her, she grabs his arm and screams in terror as the scene blacks out.
Production.
Screenplay and inspiration.
Director Bryan Bertino also wrote the film's script, which was originally titled "The Faces". Bertino took a particular interest in the horror genre, noting how one can connect to an audience by scaring them. He also stated that he was significantly inspired by thriller films of the 1970s while writing the film.
According to production notes, the film was inspired by true events from director Bryan Bertino's childhood: a stranger came to his home asking for someone who was not there, and Bertino later found out that empty houses in the neighborhood had been broken into that night:
In interviews, Bertino stated he was "very impressed" with some of the theories circulating on the Internet about the "true events" the movie is allegedly based on, but said his main inspiration was from the true crime book "Helter Skelter"; some have said that the film was also inspired by the Keddie Cabin Murders of 1981 that occurred in a small vacation community in California's Sierra Nevada.
The 2006 French film entitled THEM is very similar in plot.
Casting.
When casting the two leads in the film, Bertino sought Liv Tyler for the part of Kristen; Tyler, who had not worked for several years due to the birth of her son, read the script out of a stack of others she had been offered; "It spoke to me", she said. "I especially liked Bryan's way of saying a lot, but not saying everything. Often in movies, it's all spelled out for you, and the dialogue is very explanatory. But Bryan doesn't write like that; he writes how normal people communicate—with questions lingering. I knew it would be interesting to act that."
Canadian actor Scott Speedman was cast as James, Kristen's longtime boyfriend. Speedman was also riveted by the script: "The audience actually gets time to breathe with the characters before things get scary as hell. That got me interested from the first pages", he said.
In casting the three masked intruders, Bertino chose Australian fashion model Gemma Ward for the part of Dollface, feeling she had the exact "look" he had imagined. In preparing for the role, which was her first major acting part, Ward read "Helter Skelter" for inspiration. Kip Weeks was then cast as the looming Man in the Mask, and television actress Laura Margolis, who found the script to be a real "page turner", was cast in the part of Pin-Up Girl.
Filming.
On a $9 million budget, filming for "The Strangers" began on October 10, 2006, and finished in early 2007 – the movie was filmed on location roughly ten miles outside of Florence, South Carolina, and the house interior was constructed by a set crew. Though the film takes place in 2005, the house itself was deliberately constructed with an architecture reminiscent of 1970s ranch houses and dressed in furnishings applicable to the era. During production, it was reported that star Liv Tyler came down with tonsillitis due to screaming so much. Despite some weather complications, the film was largely shot in chronological order.
Marketing and promotion.
In late July 2007, director Bertino and stars Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman attended San Diego's annual Comic-Con event to promote the film; all three were present for a questions-and-answers panel session, as well as a screening of the film's official teaser trailer; this trailer was released on the internet several weeks later, and can be found on YouTube. It was not until March 2008 that a full-length trailer for the film was released, which can be found on Apple's QuickTime trailer gallery. The trailer originally began running in theaters attached to Rogue Pictures' sci-fi film "Doomsday" (2008) in March 2008, and television advertisements began airing on networks in early-mid April 2008 to promote the film's May release. Two one-sheet posters for the film were released in August 2007, one showing the three masked Strangers, and the other displaying a wounded Liv Tyler. In April 2008, roughly two months before the film's official theatrical debut, the final, official one-sheet for the film was released, featuring Liv Tyler standing in a darkened kitchen with a masked man looming behind her in the shadows.
Release.
The producers originally planned for a summer release in 2007, which was eventually postponed to November 2007. It was pushed back yet one more time, and officially opened in the United States and Canada on May 30, 2008; in its opening weekend, the film grossed $20,997,985 in 2,467 theaters, ranking #3 at the box office and averaging $8,514 per theater. As of June 23, 2008 the film has grossed $52,597,610 in the U.S. alone exceeding industry estimates, and is considered a large box office success considering the production budget was a mere $9 million. The film opened in the United Kingdom later that summer on August 29, 2008, and as of September 21, 2008, had grossed £4,025,916. The overall box office return was highly successful for a horror film earning an outstanding $82.3 million at the box office worldwide. The movie received a rating of R from the MPAA.
Critical reception.
The film received mixed reviews from critics. It holds a rating of 45% on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 150 reviews. Metacritic reported an average score of 47 out of 100, based on 27 reviews. Among the positive reviews, Jeannette Catsoulis of The New York Times said "The Strangers" is "suspenseful," "highly effective," and "smartly maintain its commitment to tingling creepiness over bludgeoning horror." Michael Rechtshaffen of The Hollywood Reporter called the film a "creepily atmospheric psychological thriller with a death grip on the psychological aspect." James Berardinelli of ReelViews said, "This is one of those rare horror movies that concentrates on suspense and terror rather than on gore and a high body count." Scott Tobias of The Onion's A.V. Club said that "as an exercise in controlled mayhem, horror movies don't get much scarier."
Among the moderate to negative reviews, Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film one-and-a-half stars out of four and said, "The movie deserves more stars for its bottom-line craft, but all the craft in the world can't redeem its story." Elizabeth Weitzman of the New York Daily News said that "Bertino does an excellent job building dread" and that the film is "more frightening than the graphic torture scenes in movies like "Hostel" and "Saw"," but criticized the "undeveloped protagonists" for being "colossally stupid and frustratingly passive." Stephen Hunter of the Washington Post panned the film, calling it "a fraud from start to finish." Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle, said the film "uses cinema to ends that are objectionable and vile," but admitted that "it does it well, with more than usual skill."
Additional positive feedback for the film came from Joblo.com reviewer Berge Garabedian, who praised director Bertino for "building the tension nicely, with lots of silences, creepy voices, jump scares, use of songs and a sharp eye behind the camera, as well as plenty of Steadicam give it all more of a voyeuristic feel." Empire Magazine remarked on the film's retro-style, saying, "Like much recent horror, from the homages of the Grindhouse gang through flat multiplex remakes of drive-in classics, The Strangers looks to the '70s.", and ultimately branded the film as "an effective, scary emotional work-out." Slant Magazine's Nick Schager listed "The Strangers" as the 9th best film of 2008. Also, the film was ranked #13 on "Bravo's 13 Scarier Movie Moments" television piece.
Home media.
"The Strangers" was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States on October 21, 2008. Both the Blu-ray and DVD feature rated and unrated versions of the film, with the unrated edition running approximately two minutes longer. Bonus materials include two deleted scenes and a making-of featurette. The DVD was released in the UK on December 26, 2008. The film was available on Universal VOD (Video on Demand) from November 19, 2008 through March 31, 2009.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of this film was released on the May 27, 2008. The album consists completely of 19 scores composed by score producer tomandandy. The soundtrack was distributed by Lakeshore Records.
The album was received with generally positive reviews by critics. "It's a creepy score for what appears to be a movie that will make you jump as well as make sure that the doors are locked at night," writes reviewer Jeff Swindoll. "This is an impressive score and adds a tremendous chill-factor to the film," says Zach Freeman, grading it with an A.
Sequel.
Rogue Pictures' producers confirmed to "Variety" that a sequel is in the works, tentatively titled "The Strangers: Part II". The film will be written by Bryan Bertino and directed by Laurent Briet. "Shock Till You Drop" reported that "Realitivity Media" put "The Strangers: Part II" on hold because they found that the movie might not be in their interest, even though Universal Pictures is willing to release it. However, Rogue Pictures confirmed in January 2011 that the sequel is now in production, and was supposed to begin filming as early as April 2011. The plot follows a family of four who have been evicted from their home due to the economy, and are paid a visit by the same three strangers from the first film. It is not known whether the sequel will receive a theatrical or a straight-to-DVD release. Liv Tyler will return as Kristen McKay while the original three masked villains are also set to return, however, in an interview Tyler had announced that she would only have a minor role.
According to Liv Tyler, "The Strangers: Part II" will be released in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9776649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776649" title="Haietlik">
Haietlik

A mythical water serpent of the Nootka, the name Haietlik means "Lightning Snake".
According to the legend, the Lightning Snakes were sent off by the Thunderbirds to kill orcas for food. Once he saw a whale, Haietlik attacked it. Haietlik's head was as sharp as a knife and its tongue shot lightning bolts. This would injure the whale enough for Haietlik to carry it as prey.
The Canadian Forces 442 Transport and Rescue Squadron badge features Haietlik.

</doc>
<doc id="9776657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776657" title="List of mayors of Freetown">
List of mayors of Freetown

There have been a number of mayors of Freetown, Sierra Leone. Until the municipality of Freetown was established in 1895, the post of mayor was effectively in the gift of the colonial Governor, so some mayors have been appointees rather than elected representatives of Freetown, Sierra Leone.

</doc>
<doc id="9776671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776671" title="Nuestra tierra de paz">
Nuestra tierra de paz

Nuestra tierra de paz is a 1939 Argentine biographical film directed by Arturo S. Mom. The film premiered in Buenos Aires and starred Warly Ceriani.
Plot.
It is a biography of General José de San Martín (1778-1850), Argentine military man and hero of the Independence of Argentina, Chile and Peru

</doc>
<doc id="9776673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776673" title="Château du Birkenfels">
Château du Birkenfels

The Château du Birkenfels is a ruined castle in the "commune" of Ottrott in the French "département" of Bas-Rhin. It is surrounded by the Obernai Forest.
History.
Architects and historians date the construction of the Château du Birkenfels to around 1260. The earliest recorded mention is from 1289. The entrance tower to the house and the lower courtyard are from the late 15th or early 16th century.
It was built by Burkhard Berger, a vassal of the bishop of Strasbourg. The castle's position allowed surveillance of the old Roman road running from Mont Sainte-Odile to Champ du Feu and the valley of the Bruche.
The castle belonged the Berger family until 1532, then to the Mundolsheim family until the French Revolution. The castle fell into ruins after the Thirty Years' War and was taken over by the town of Obernai, becoming part of the continuous forest between Obernai and Bernardswiller. 
The castle is today in a poor state. Remains include the ditch, wall, keep and lower courtyard. The castle has been classified by the French Ministry of Culture as "monument historique" since 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9776682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776682" title="Barry Axelrod">
Barry Axelrod

Barry Axelrod is a sports agent from the United States.
Axelrod, a graduate of UCLA Law School, is an attorney who specializes in sports, entertainment and business law. Axelrod has continually been active in many sports associations and fund raisers. He has served on the United States Anti-Doping Agency; dealing with several issues surrounding drugs and sports. Axelrod, a sports agent, has a large client list that includes: Jake Peavy, Jeff Bagwell, Craig Biggio, Matt Morris, Matt Clement, Phil Nevin, as well as Arizona Diamondbacks General Manager Kevin Towers, broadcasters Rick Sutcliffe, Mark Grace and Wally Joyner, actors Mark Harmon and Pam Dawber, and lastly professional figure skater Michelle Kwan. (see this page).

</doc>
<doc id="9776692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776692" title="Talk to Me (2007 film)">
Talk to Me (2007 film)

Talk To Me is a 2007 biographical film about Washington, D.C. radio personality Ralph "Petey" Greene, an ex-con who became a popular talk show host and community activist, and Dewey Hughes, his friend and manager. The movie spans the time period May 1966 to January 1984, ending with the late Greene's memorial service.
The film premiered as the opening night film of the 2007 Los Angeles Film Festival, on June 22, 2007. It opened in North America in a limited release on July 13, 2007 and nationwide on August 3, 2007. The film was shot in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada and Washington, DC.
Reception.
The film received favorable reviews from critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 82% based on reviews from 126 critics. 
On Metacritic, the film had an average score of 69%, based on 32 reviews.
Criticism over inaccuracies.
The film has been criticized for allegedly not being true to the details of his life and career and for inventing incidents and rearranging locations, such as Petey's appearance on "The Tonight Show", which never actually took place.
Greene's surviving family members did not cooperate with the making of the film and criticized it for taking liberties with his portrayal and those around him, such as showing Dewey Hughes giving a moving eulogy at Petey's wake, when in reality Hughes did not even attend the funeral.
In response to these criticisms, producer Joe Fries responded that the film was merely "inspired by" Greene and not a factual recounting of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="9776717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776717" title="The Dharma School">
The Dharma School

Dharma Primary School is the only primary school in Britain to offer an education based on Buddhist values and is thought to be the only Buddhist primary school in Europe. It is an independent school based in East Sussex, on the south east coast of England. The school is open to children aged 3–11 from all religious faiths and cultural backgrounds, providing an academic education based on the National Curriculum, combined with Buddhist teachings to support the development of mindfulness, compassion and communal responsibility. The 14th Dalai Lama is a patron of the school
The school now educates about 80 children in a large historic house and grounds in Patcham, Brighton. Fees are £1,900 a term 2011-2012. Children of all abilities and backgrounds are eligible to attend. The school offers a broad curriculum, with small class sizes and a caring, family atmosphere. There are 10-20 children in each class with a teacher and an assistant.
History.
The idea of founding a Dharma Primary School evolved from the family camps at Amaravati Buddhist Monastery in Hertfordshire in the mid-1980s. Early in the 90s this interaction between parents, children and members of the Buddhist monastery inspired a group of parents to meet in Brighton with the aim of opening the first Buddhist School for children in the U.K.
Dharma Primary School was founded by a group of parents in 1994, after two years of fund-raising. On 9 September 1994, the school opened its doors to four children in a house in Queen's Park, Brighton. On this day the school received blessings from founder patron, Luang Por Sumedho, a Buddhist monk and teacher, and blessings were also sent from the Dalai Lama, who later became a patron of the school. This was the first full-time school in Great Britain based on the Buddhist faith. By 2000 the co-educational school was teaching children between the ages of three and eleven. By 2005 the number of pupils stood at seventy, with almost equal numbers of boys and girls.
With the support of patrons including Noy Thomson (M.R.Saisvadi Svasti) and Peter Carey, Buddhists and founder trustees, the school moved to The White House, Patcham, in June 1995 with eleven children. A nursery and reception class and three mixed-age primary classes were later established.
Mindfulness in Education.
The practice of mindfulness is taught in offices, prisons and the military, and in schools. In the UK, the focus of the Mindfulness in Education movement has been on taking mindfulness programmes into secondary schools, where the approach has been shown to help in managing exam stress. Engaging young children with mindfulness requires an experienced approach that takes into account their shorter attention spans and emotional development. Dharma Primary School integrates mindfulness, as a deeper Buddhist ethos, for very young children. The practice may be of benefit to children during their primary school years when the brain’s limbic system (that controls emotion and behaviour) is still developing; scientific research has shown that core life skills, emotional literacy and personality traits formed during this crucial period help determine how we will function as adults.
The school integrates short sessions of silent or guided meditation several times a week for young children and connects mindfulness with regular daily activities such as eating, working and playing as a way to develop patience, compassion and self-awareness. In daily meditation the older children are given a range of opportunities to reflect on and discuss experiences that have affected their inner world. On Fridays parents are invited to the school "puja", during which there is usually quiet time for meditation, after which the children perform or show some work, or a story is told. As well as mindfulness and meditation, yoga is taught to children, alongside mainstream lessons.

</doc>
<doc id="9776728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776728" title="Camp Ashland">
Camp Ashland

Camp Ashland, Nebraska is an Army National Guard facility located near Ashland, Nebraska. It is home to the Headquarters, 209th Regional Training Institute (RTI), 1/209th RTI (NCO Academy), 2/209th RTI (OCS/WOCS) and 3/209th RTI (88M). Year-round training is conducted at Camp Ashland for Active Component, US Army Reserve, and Army National Guard soldiers. 
External links.
Camp Ashland on GlobalSecurity.org [http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/facility/camp-ashland.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="9776778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776778" title="Peter Briggs (scientist)">
Peter Briggs (scientist)

Dr (Michael) Peter Briggs OBE (born 3 December 1944) was Master of the Company of Educators in the City of London in 2011/2012. He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2010 New Year Honours, shortly after his retirement from Roehampton University. At Roehampton he was both Principal of Southlands College and a Pro Vice-Chancellor of the University. Prior to taking up his role at Roehampton, Peter had been Chief Executive of the British Association for the Advancement of Science (the BA), which was subsequently rebranded the British Science Association in 2009. In all he spent 22 years at the BA, initially being responsible for developing its work with young people, then taking responsibility for media links and for enhancing the Association's growing role in the "public understanding of science" before being appointed Executive Secretary (later Chief Executive) in 1990. Peter graduated from the University of Sussex with a BSc in molecular science in 1966 and a DPhil in theoretical chemistry in 1969. After two post-doctoral posts in the universities of Sheffield and Bristol, he changed tack and worked for seven years in the voluntary sector with roles in the Overseas Division of the Methodist Church and Christian Aid. He was awarded an honorary degree of D.Sc. by the University of Leicester in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="9776793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776793" title="Ford Feature Model">
Ford Feature Model

The Ford Feature Model concept was one that Ford of Britain introduced in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
It was a scheme in which Ford highlighted one trim level within each individual range that Ford had judged to offer customers the most popular features in their cars at the best value price.
The concept made a return of sorts in 2007 under a new Ford of Britain promotion, entitled the 'Zetec Zone.' Like the Ford Feature Model, Ford highlighted one model in each range that they judged to offer customers 'the best package' - the difference being that all chosen models in the ranges were the Zetec, Zetec Climate or Zetec Blue specifications.

</doc>
<doc id="9776800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776800" title="Egon Monk">
Egon Monk

Egon Monk (May 18, 1927 – February 28, 2007) was a German actor, director and author.
Biography.
Monk was born in Berlin, Germany and grew up in Berlin-Wedding. He served in the German Air Force in World War II (1943–1945). After the war he became an actor. Later he worked for RIAS Berlin (1954–1959) and for the NDR. He died in Hamburg, Germany.
Awards and honors.
Monk won three Teleplay Awards at the Baden-Baden TV Film Festival (1966, 1973, 1989) and one German Critics Association Award (1988).

</doc>
<doc id="9776805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776805" title="Quirky subject">
Quirky subject

Quirky subjects (also called oblique subjects) are a linguistic phenomenon whereby certain verbs specify that their subjects are to be in a case other than the nominative.
For example a sentence like ""*Me like him"" is ungrammatical in Standard English because the subject is ordinarily in the nominative. In many or most modern nominative–accusative languages this rule is inflexible, the subject is indeed in the nominative case, and almost all treat the subjects of all verbs the same. Icelandic is of interest to linguistics as it has been argued to be a modern Indo-European language with an exceptionally large number of quirky subjects, also analyzed as dative subjects. Example: Mig (me) vantar (needs) penna (a pen-accusative). (I need a pen.) The verb is always in the third person.
The class of quirky subjects in Icelandic is a large one, consisting of hundreds of verbs in a number of distinct classes: experiencer verbs like "vanta" (need/lack), motion verbs like "reka" (drift), change of state verbs like "ysta" (curdle), verbs of success/failure like "takast" (succeed/manage to), verbs of acquisition like "áskotnast" (acquire/get by luck), and many others.
Old Swedish also had quirky subjects. Swedish verbs forced subjects to agree in person until around the 15th century, the advent of modern Swedish. But agreement in number remained in written Swedish as late as the 20th century, even though all subject–verb agreement had disappeared in speech by the 17th century.
Quirky subjects can also be found to a lesser degree across the West Germanic languages (including Old and Middle English as well as Modern German), the Romance languages, and the Slavic languages.
Many linguists, especially from various persuasions of the broad school of cognitive linguistics, do not use the term "quirky subjects" since the term is biased towards languages of nominative–accusative type. Often, "quirky subjects" are semantically motivated by the predicates of their clauses. Dative-subjects, for example, quite often correspond with predicates indicating sensory, cognitive, or experiential states across a large number of languages. In some cases, this can be seen as evidence for the influence of active–stative typology.

</doc>
<doc id="9776818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776818" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 258">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 258

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 258 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776821" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 259">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 259

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 259 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776824" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 260">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 260

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 260 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776828" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 261">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 261

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 261 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776830" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 262">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 262

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 262 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776834" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 263">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 263

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 263 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776837" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 264">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 264

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 264 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776838" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 265">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 265

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 265 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776839" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 266">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 266

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 266 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776845" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 267">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 267

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 267 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776847" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 268">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 268

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 268 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776849" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 269">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 269

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 269 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776851" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 270">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 270

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 270 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776854" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 271">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 271

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 271 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776859" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 227">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 227

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 227 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776862" title="1952 New York Film Critics Circle Awards">
1952 New York Film Critics Circle Awards

18th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 17, 1953<br/>(announced December 29, 1952)
High Noon
The 18th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honored the best filmmaking of 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="9776879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776879" title="George Schuster (driver)">
George Schuster (driver)

George N. Schuster (1873–1972) was the driver of the American built Thomas Flyer and winner of the 1908 New York to Paris Race.
The "Great Race" was an international competition among teams representing Germany (Protos), Italy (Briax-Zust), France (three teams: DeDion-Bouton, Moto Bloc, Sizaire-Naudin) and the United States (Thomas Flyer). Schuster's victory for the American entry still stands nearly a century later. Schuster was also the first person to drive across the United States during the winter in an automobile.
The 22,000 mile course (13,341 miles driven) started February 12, 1908 in Times Square with a crowd of 250,000 watching the start of what would become a 169 day ordeal. The Race began in mid-winter at a time when there were no snowplows, few roads on the around the world route, unreliable maps, and often little food for the competitors. The original plan was to drive the cars the full distance from New York City to Paris using the frozen Bering Straits to "bridge" the Pacific. This proved impossible, requiring the competitors to cross the Pacific by ship. The Flyer arrived in Paris July 30, 1908 to win although the German Protos had been arriving there four days before. Of the six Teams that started the race, only three finished in Paris; the German Protos, the Italian Briax-Zust, and the American Thomas Flyer.
Schuster was chosen to be part of the Thomas Race Team due to his proven mechanical abilities, which were put to daily use during the Race. Schuster was the only American Team member aboard the Flyer from its start in New York City to the finish in Paris.
Schuster's start in the automotive industry had been building tubular radiators in October 1902 for the E.R. Thomas Motor Company at the Buffalo, New York factory. From there he quickly progressed to become the troubleshooter for Thomas, in charge of final vehicle assembly and often delivering Thomas cars to their new owners. In the early 1900s, first time auto owners or their chauffeurs were taught not only how to care for their new machine but often how to drive them by factory or dealer representatives. 
Schuster was inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame on October 12, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9776880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776880" title="Susan Stanton">
Susan Stanton

Susan Ashley Stanton (born Steven B. Stanton in 1959) was the city manager of Largo, Florida, until her job termination. She was city manager of Lake Worth, Florida from 2009 until her termination in December 2011. She is currently serving as City Manager in Greenfield California. 
She grew up in the Catskills of New York. Stanton was married to Donna Becker and they have a teenaged son named Travis. Stanton became the subject of national and international media attention in February 2007 after disclosing that she is transgender pursuing sex reassignment, leading Largo city commissioners to initiate the process of ending her contract as city manager, a decision which Stanton was appealing.
Early life and education.
Susan Ashley (born Steven Bruce) Stanton grew up in the Catskill Mountains of New York. Her public school years were relatively uneventful. She later recalled being rejected as a drummer in the sixth grade band and, in ninth grade, being told by a coach that at 5 feet 9 she was too short to play on the basketball team. In high school she worked cleaning offices at night for 30 hours a week, and she was a typist for the yearbook, her only extracurricular activity. Stanton earned a bachelor's degree in political science and a master's degree in public administration from the University of Florida in Gainesville.
Career.
Early in her career, Stanton held positions at various times as assistant to the city manager of Newburgh, New York; administrative assistant to the borough manager of Ketchikan Gateway Borough, Alaska; and assistant to the city manager of Champaign, Illinois.
Berea, Kentucky.
As city administrator in Berea, Kentucky, a position she held for about four years, Stanton took part in negotiations which brought four manufacturing companies to Berea, representing a total capital investment in the city of $120 million and annual payrolls of $10 million. The industries included Tokico Ltd., which planned to build a $20 million shock absorber and brake assembly plant that would employ 150 people, and Alcan Aluminum, which built a $50 million aluminum recycling plant. The Alcan plant became the largest used aluminum can recycling facility in the world. Stanton received an honorary award from Kentucky governor Wallace Wilkinson, who named Stanton a Kentucky Colonel.
Largo, Florida.
Stanton was hired away from Berea to become assistant city manager in Largo, Florida in August 1990. Stanton worked under city manager Stephen Bonczek until April 20, 1993 when Bonczek resigned under pressure from city commissioners, who were unhappy with Bonczek's poor relationship with city workers and unions. At that point Stanton became interim city manager, and was formally hired as acting city manager in May 1993 (with a consequent rise in salary). City commissioners cited their confidence in Stanton, as well as the time and cost of recruiting a replacement for Bonczek, as their reason for hiring in-house. City Clerk Henry Schubert was reassigned at the same time to the post of assistant city manager. Both assignments were open-ended, with the commission delaying its decision on a permanent city manager until later that year. Stanton's posting was made permanent in September 1993, with an 18-month contract and another increase in salary.
In total, Stanton has a career spanning 17 years with the City of Largo and , has spent 14 years as city manager where she has reportedly received good reviews for her performance. In September 2006, she was given an $11,000 annual pay raise, bringing her annual salary to over $140,000. She managed a $130-million budget and about 1,200 employees.
Stanton was on paid administrative leave while the City of Largo began the legal process of terminating her contract, pursuant to her confirmation on February 21, 2007 to the "St. Petersburg Times" that she is transgender and is in the process of pursuing sex reassignment.
Continuing Her Career.
After her termination from the City of Largo, Stanton had her name legally changed to Susan Ashley Stanton. Stanton decided to continue her long professional career in public policy and politics while undergoing gender transition. Stanton appeared in public for the first time as a woman on May 9, 2007. Stanton lobbied Congress on behalf of laws to protect gay and transgender people from employment discrimination. Stanton testified before Congress, appeared on TV with Larry King and Montel Williams and became the somewhat reluctant face of the transgender-equality movement. Susan applied for more than 100 positions in city management, but had interviewed in less than half a dozen cities. Atlanta's Gay Pride Parade asked Stanton to be grand marshal. A Chicago transgender convention invited her to speak. The City of Sarasota named Stanton a finalist for its city manager job. Stanton was eventually named third for the position as city manager in Sarasota, FL, but didn't get the job.
Lake Worth, Florida.
Two years after losing her job as Largo city manager, Susan Stanton has been picked to lead Lake Worth, Florida. Stanton was selected as City Manager of Lake Worth, Florida, on April 7, 2009 by a 4-1 vote. Lake Worth City Commissioner Suzanne Mulvehill said she liked Stanton's approach to marketing the city and her ability to work for such a long time in Largo. Commissioner Cara Jennings said she favored Stanton because of her team-building approach to managing city staff. Vice Mayor Jo-Ann Golden stated, "I thought she had the right temperament for our city and, truthfully, I learned a lot from her." Mac Craig, City of Largo's current manager, stated, "I think she'll make an excellent city manager. I personally think they're lucky to have her." Stanton was selected for the job from a group of 50 candidates. Lake Worth, a city of about 37,000 people, near the ocean in Palm Beach County is offering Stanton an annual salary of $150,000. Stanton was quoted as saying, "Lake Worth has a very progressive city commission and a staff that wants to improve the quality of life in the community. It's the first place I wanted to work after I left graduate school at the University of Florida."
She was terminated abruptly from her position at Lake Worth on December 6, 2011.
Largo human rights debate.
In 2003, a contentious debate took place in Largo over a proposed human rights ordinance that would prohibit discrimination in the municipality based on race, religion, gender, disability, gender identity, or sexual orientation. More than 100 people packed a five-hour public hearing on the proposed ordinance at Largo's City Hall on August 5, 2003, hearing testimony from over 40 people on both sides of the question. Had the ordinance passed, it would have made Largo the 64th municipality in the United States to extend equal rights protection to transgender people through the inclusion of gender identity. However, the proposed ordinance failed by a 4 to 3 vote of the City Commission, leaving both gender identity and sexual orientation as permissible reasons for Largo residents to be discriminated against in employment, housing, and public accommodations.
City workers did, however, receive protection three months later on October 7, 2003, when the City Commission unanimously approved the Discrimination and Harassment Prohibition policy, an internal antidiscrimination policy, that applied to all city employees. In contrast with the city-wide August debate, not even one individual opposing the internal policy attended the commission meeting.
The city employee policy prohibited discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, religion, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation, and gender identity or expression. The policy applied to city employees and prohibited discriminatory conduct both in the workplace and in any work-related setting, such as during business trips. The policy included definitions of harassment and retaliation, and explained that sexual harassment could involve individuals of the same or different gender. Extensive training for all city employees was set to take place in November and December 2003, under Stanton's direction in her role as city manager. The policy was passed partly in reaction to two incidents in which a fire department lieutenant and a police officer made racial slurs.
Transgender issues.
Struggle with being transgender.
Stanton reports having had thoughts of becoming a woman since she was a child, and recalls wearing her sister's clogs when she was age 6 or 7 to walk to the candy store. In adolescence, she tried on her mother's tennis dress, and while in college she went to the library to read about cross-dressing. After graduation, she threw away all her "girl clothes" after deciding that cross-dressing was incompatible with a career in municipal government. She continued to collect women's items, but purged them with each new job.
In 1990, Stanton married her wife Donna, and thought she had closed the "cross-dressing" chapter of her life. She and her wife had a son, Travis, in 1993, shortly after she became acting city manager of Largo. However, in 1997 she became involved in an Internet chat group for cross-dressers.
Decision to pursue sex reassignment.
Stanton supported the proposed city-wide ordinance, though she did not take a prominent role in the debate that surrounded it. Afterwards, she began to discuss her feelings with a therapist who had testified in support of the ordinance, and ultimately made the decision along with her wife to pursue sex reassignment. Since then, Stanton has been undergoing counseling, with clinical psychologist and gender therapist Kathleen Farrell, and hormone replacement therapy in preparation for sex reassignment surgery at some future date.
Preparing to go public.
Stanton met privately with Largo City Mayor Pat Gerard on January 1, 2007 to inform her that she was transgender and intended to begin the final stages of gender transition in the coming year. Stanton shared her plans only with a very small group of confidential advisers, including her wife, a medical team and a few top officials at City Hall. Stanton and Gerard worked together to write an eight-page plan to help make her decision public in June, a time chosen because Stanton's 13-year-old son could be out of town and be shielded from the attendant publicity.
"Outed".
One of Stanton's confidantes leaked Stanton's intentions to the "St. Petersburg Times", and on February 20, 2007 a reporter went to Stanton's office for a regular weekly meeting and informed her that the paper had received a tip. Stanton had little choice but to sit for an interview even though she had not yet discussed the situation with her son. Stanton was accompanied by Largo Mayor Pat Gerard during the interview. Stanton informed her son that she was transgender that night.
On February 21, 2007, the "St. Petersburg Times" published a news article on the Internet regarding Stanton’s intentions. A press conference was held at City Hall the same day. Stanton and Mayor Pat Gerard explained the plans and events they had developed to make Stanton's transgender identity public in June. Stanton disclosed that she would begin wearing dresses to work on April 2 and would be known from that day forward as Susan Stanton. 
Also on February 21, 2007, Stanton sent an email to city employees explaining the situation. "Like many transgendered people," Stanton wrote, "I have privately struggled with this very personal matter all of my life and have kept it secret from my family, friends and co-workers. I hoped I could outrun it when I got married, became a father and found a job I love. Unfortunately, I was wrong." She stated her intention to continue in her job as Largo city manager throughout her transition. In addition to her email, Stanton provided two pages of “historical information about myself and my plans for the future.” 
Largo Police Chief Lester Aradi sent out another email that same day to employees of the Largo Police Department, expressing support for Stanton and reminding police officers that inappropriate comments, jokes or other communications in the work environment were not appropriate or allowed.
Public reaction.
Following the breaking of Stanton's story, e-mails and faxes to the city from Largo residents were mostly negative, while non-Largo residents sent mostly positive notes. Anonymous blog postings were generally negative or expressed confusion. Initially there was little interest from national media. One concern commonly expressed by both city residents and city employees was whether Stanton's sex reassignment surgery would be paid for by taxpayers; in fact, Stanton's counseling and hormonal treatments were paid for by Stanton herself, as will be her eventual surgery.
Personal impacts on Stanton and family.
Stanton had hoped to remain married, but was uncertain what would happen. She has said that her wife has been dealing with an upsetting situation as best as she can. On Larry King Live on April 13, 2007, Stanton announced that she and her wife were separating. In August, 2008, Stanton announced that her marriage has come to an end. Susan Stanton agreed to pay alimony and child support to her ex-wife. Stanton was assaulted while out running, though Stanton was uncertain if it was related to the controversy. She suffered a few small scratches on her nose.
Job loss.
Largo City Commission vote to end Stanton's employment.
By the end of the week following Stanton's public outing on February 21, 2007, Commissioner Mary Gray Black, apparently the only commissioner Stanton had not personally informed of her plans, called for a special meeting of the city commission to discuss Stanton's contract and future employment. To terminate Stanton's employment according to the Largo city charter, five of the seven city commissioners would have to vote in the affirmative. According to Stanton's contract, upon her dismissal a severance package would include 12 months' salary unless she were convicted of a felony, had violated the state code of ethics, or had committed "gross misconduct."
A special meeting of the city commission was held on February 27, 2007. It lasted four hours and was attended by 444 members of the public. Approximately 60 individuals, mostly Largo residents, testified. In a five to two vote, the commission voted to place Stanton on administrative leave until her termination could be made final. Mayor Pat Gerard and Commissioner Rodney Woods were the two commissioners who voted to retain Stanton. Commissioners then named assistant city manager Norton "Mac" Craig as acting city manager.
Attempt to retain position.
The vote taken by the Largo City Commission on February 27, 2007 began the three-step process necessary to remove Stanton as the city manager. Stanton was placed on paid administrative leave while the city began the legal process required to end her contract, which stipulates that she can be fired at any time without cause with a 5-2 vote. The commission must vote a second time to formally remove Stanton from her position. 
The National Center for Lesbian Rights (NCLR) was assisting Stanton in an attempt to persuade the City Commission to reverse its decision to terminate her employment. NCLR had stated they would represent Stanton in legal proceedings, if necessary, in an effort to help her regain her position. Stanton appealed the City Commission's decision to fire her on March 8, 2007, and planned to seek a public hearing within 30 days at which she intended to make a presentation of up to three hours on transgender individuals and the workplace transition process for transgender people.
National media interest.
On February 28, 2007, the day following the special commission meeting, Stanton, reportedly surprised by the abrupt loss of her job, began fielding calls and taking part in interviews with local television stations. She was also interviewed by Michele Norris of National Public Radio. 
Stanton told the "St. Petersburg Times" that she didn't want to waste the opportunity such media interest provided to help "the next person that comes out with the same disclosure so he doesn't suffer the same consequences." By that afternoon, Stanton had received approximately 45 media calls.
On April 17, 2007, The Daily Show with correspondent Rob Riggle featured a segment of Stanton's firing.
Reaction from national LGBT community.
Transgender activists immediately protested the decision to fire Stanton. One LGBT rights group, the National Sexuality Resource Center, started a 'Stand with Stanton' petition to pressure the City Commission of Largo, Florida to reverse their decision. 
The Human Rights Campaign reported that if the vote to fire Stanton is upheld, the Largo city commissioners will be "in direct violation of the city government’s own internal non-discrimination policy... that explicitly prohibits discrimination in public employment on the basis of gender identity and expression," referring to the city's Discrimination and Harassment Prohibition policy, adopted in October 2003. The National Center for Lesbian Rights similarly denounced the commission's decision to fire Stanton, also citing the city's internal non-discrimination policy.
Support in the local community.
On 3 March 2007, the "St. Petersburg Times" published the results of a survey conducted on its behalf by Communications Center Inc. of Lakeland, Florida. The survey found that a majority of adults in the city of Largo and in Pinellas County, where Largo is located, believed the commission had been wrong to move to fire Stanton as city manager. The survey also found widespread acceptance among city and county residents for transgender persons in the workplace, whether in the public or private sector.
An interfaith coalition of local religious leaders organized a protest at Largo City Hall to urge the City Commission to reconsider its decision to fire Stanton. The religious leaders involved in the protest wished to counteract the religion-based claims of other religious leaders that support Stanton's termination as city manager. A total of 350 people, including clerics and congregation members from more than a dozen local churches and synagogues, attended the 30-minute protest on March 6.
Fired.
On March 23 during a six-hour meeting of Largo city council, the motion was made to terminate Stanton's employment. Commissioner Black tabled a motion to terminate the city manager's contract of employment. After a brief deliberation, this was upheld by five of the commissioners while Mayor Pat Gerard and Commissioner Rodney Woods dissented. Thus, at five minutes past midnight, Stanton's employment officially ended.
The five commissioners who voted to uphold the decision to fire Stanton contended that her employment was terminated due to a loss of confidence in her and had nothing to do with her impending transition; "You have to believe us, you have to trust us, it is not about transgenderism," Commissioner Gay Gentry was reported to have said. It is important to note, however, that the city commissioners did not even consider firing her before her plans to become a woman had been announced.
Announces intent not to sue.
On April 13, 2007, Stanton appeared on the Larry King Live show on CNN accompanied by her attorney, Karen Doering, of the National Center for Lesbian Rights. She announced on the program that she "absolutely" would not sue the city, comparing a potential suit against the city as "like suing my mother."

</doc>
<doc id="9776882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776882" title="List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 257">
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 257

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 257 of the "United States Reports":

</doc>
<doc id="9776885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776885" title="V. Ravichandran">
V. Ravichandran

Veeraswamy Ravichandaran or V. Ravichandaran (; born 30 May 1961) is an Indian actor, director, producer, music director, editor and lyricist who primarily works in the Kannada film industry. He is the son of notable film producer N. Veerasami. As a producer, he continues to run his father's production house, "Sri Eswari Productions", which produces his own films.
Majorly credited for his technical excellence, high degree of quality, precise approach, apt selections of subjects whether it is straight or remakes and always vouching for a pleasant atmosphere in films, Ravichandran has been in the industry for 20 years with many firsts to his credit. He is fondly and popularly known as the "Crazy Star" of Kannada cinema. He is an alumnus of NPS Rajajinagar.
Film career.
As an actor.
Ravichandran started his film career in the early 1980s and acted in many movies produced by his father and grandfather along with well-known actors of the Kannada industry, including Vishnuvardhan, Ambarish, Prabhakar and Rajesh. His first movie was "Khadeema Kallaru"(as one of the villan). Ravichandran's initial movies were box-office hits. His major commercial success as a leading actor prior from "Premaloka", a romantic comedy movie starring Juhi Chawla in the female lead role. Post-"Premaloka", Ravichandran starred in several hits, most notably "Ranadheera" (which was a remake of Subhash Ghai's "Hero"), "Anjada Gandu", "Yuddha Kaanda", "Ramachaari", "Halli Meshtru", "Gadibidi Ganda", "Annayya", Sipayi, "Yaare Neenu Cheluve", "Mangalyam Tantunanena" "Preethsod Tappa" and "Malla". Ravichandran best pairs with South Indian actress Kushboo.
His role as a mentally challenged adult in "Ramachaari" won him critical praise and was featured at the Ontario Film Festival. He has stuck to mostly stereotyped roles: a police officer ("Shanti Kranti" and "Abhimanyu"), lover ("Premaloka", "Anjada Gandu", and "Preethsod Tappa"), pop singer ("Yuga Purusha", and "Gadibidi Ganda"), rustic "Sipayi, Halli Meshtru", and "Malla", and lawyer ("Brahma Vishnu Maheshwara "and "Yudha Kaanda"). He continues to act and has a few projects awaiting release.
He persuaded Chiranjeevi to play a guest role in Sipayi. He introduced Juhi Chawla in his 1987 movie "Premaloka" before she showed up in "Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak" (1988). Poonam Dhillon paired with Ravichandran in "Yuddha Kaanda".
Ravichandran has introduced a number of actresses from other parts of Indian cinema to Kannada cinema, including Juhi Chawla, Kushboo, Mohini and Shilpa Shetty. Ravichandran also got 5 awards.
As director.
Ravichandran shot to instant fame when "Premaloka", which he produced, directed, and starred in, became one of the landmark films in Kannada film history. It was made with a budget of a crore rupees, the most expensive Kannada film in its time. It starred Juhi Chawla as the female lead. Also Vishnuvardhan, Ambarish, Tiger Prabhakar and other superstars of that period played guest role in the movie.
"Premaloka" also established Hamsalekha, who would teamed up with Ravichandran for a long period and gave consistently popular music for the next 10 years.
"Premaloka" broke several records and defined much of Ravichandran's later film making. It set the stage for lavish productions in the Kannada film industry, and inspired a generation of directors. Ravichandran is generally credited with introducing a culture of producing big-budget films in Kannada.
Ravichandran initially acted in and directed movies produced by his own banner, Eswari Productions. After "Premaloka", he accepted acting offers from other producers. He has worked with directors of the Kannada film industry such as S. V. Rajendra Singh Babu and D. Rajendra Babu.
His association with director D. Rajendra Babu has resulted in several hits including "Naanu Nanna Hendthi", "Annayya", "Ramachaari", "Yaare Neenu Cheluve" and "Sriramachandra". However all these films were remakes.
He has also remade a few hit Telugu and Bollywood movies in Kannada.
Ravichandran is close friends with producer Rockline Venkatesh, with whom he worked on "Yaare Neenu Cheluve", "Nanu Nanna Hendthiru", "Preethsod Thappa" and "Ondagona Baa".
Ravichandran is known to be a perfectionist and artists recall him re-shooting a single scene or sequence until it was perfect. He is known to have shot entire sequences again after the first cuts of the movie failed to satisfy him. However, after a lean patch in the late 1990s, Ravichandran is said to have made amends to this and churned out quickies.
As producer.
Ravichandran first movie as a producer is not from his father company, he started his own company(Ravi Cine Creation)and produced ""Prema Matsara"" he announced the date of release with list of theatre on the Muhurth day itself. The movie turned out a break even financially for him.The second movie he produced was ""Kadima Kallaru"" and also appeared in a small role for the first time and this was his first movie as actor. It was financial disaster in the box office. Then he produced ""Chakravuya"starring rebel star ambarish" and the interesting point was the story was rejected by Puttana Kanagal and Dr.Rajkumar etc. This movie turned out one of the biggest hit of the decade and then he remade this movie in Hindi starring Amitabh Bachchan and Sridevi (Inqilaab).
Ravichandran is known to produce very expensive movies in an industry that has a limited market. "Premaloka" was the costliest movie of its time. Although his later films were comparatively less expensive, their budgets exceeded that of other Kannada films by several lakhs of rupees.
In 1991, Ravichandran released "Shanti Kranti", the costliest movie ever made in South India till then. Considered his "magnum opus", the film was shot over four years with a budget of 40 million rupees, and was simultaneously made in Kannada, Telugu, and Tamil. "Shanti Kranti" turned out to be a huge failure at the box office.
Ravichandran also released another film the same year. Made with a modest budget, "Ramachaari", the remake of Tamil blockbuster "Chinna Thambi", became one of the biggest blockbusters of the year.
Music director.
Ravichandran is credited with "discovering" the talented Hamsalekha. Together, they worked in over 50 films and created several popular numbers. However, the duo parted company after "Preethsod Thappa", only to work again in "Ondagona Baa", which was a commercial and musical failure. In Hamsalekha's absence, Ravichandran took up the role of a music director and created a few popular tunes in "Ekangi" and "Aham Premasmi". But critics generally consider him a below average music director. He also got a state award as the best musical director.
Ravichandran started his own audio company, Eswari Audio which later was renamed into Eshwari Entertainments. For his brother's debut movie, "Aham Premaasmi", he bypassed the entire music industry and sold the music cassettes through cable operators to beat piracy and brought " Digital Grading " Technology to Kannada Film Industry and also brought color technicians from abroad.
Acclaim and criticism.
He is known as a non-conformist, and created his own style of filmmaking. Most of his movies show very little influence of other directors except "Premaloka", which contains traces of "Grease 2". Notable aspects of his filmmaking include a curious combination of close-ups, abrupt fast-cuts, and innovative camera angles. He is renowned in the Kannada film industry for his understanding of the technical aspect of cinema. His movies are lavishly mounted and stand out for superior production values distinguished for cinematography, sound, lighting, and special effects. Even directors of industry learn technical aspects from his film. A distinct directorial feature is his innovative shooting of songs. Song-picturization in movies Ravichandran has directed often involve elaborate and richly-mounted settings.He sold the Premaloka audio more than 5 million units and is the highest sold Indian audio also. his flop movies also became popular like "Ekangi","Shanti kranti" and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="9776894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776894" title="Lodge Kerrigan">
Lodge Kerrigan

Lodge Kerrigan (born 1964) is an American motion picture screenwriter and director. His 2010 film "Rebecca H. (Return to the Dogs)" entered into the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9776906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776906" title="Nininger Meteorite Award">
Nininger Meteorite Award

The Nininger Meteorite Award recognizes outstanding student achievement in the “Science of Meteoritics” as embodied by an original research paper.[http://meteorites.asu.edu/nininger/] In 1965, Dr. Harvey H. Nininger and Mrs. Addie D. Nininger endowed the Nininger Science of Meteoritics Fund to the Center for Meteorite Studies at Arizona State University in order to promote interest in meteorite-related topics among young scientists. A number of prominent planetary scientists and meteoriticists have won this award including William K. Hartmann, Hap McSween, and Dante Lauretta.

</doc>
<doc id="9776917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776917" title="Gene Handley">
Gene Handley

Eugene Louis Handley (November 25, 1914 – April 12, 2009) was an American professional baseball player and scout. Born in Kennett, Missouri, he was a versatile player during his pro career (1935–1942; 1944–1954) who spent two seasons in Major League Baseball as a utility infielder for the – Philadelphia Athletics. Handley batted and threw right-handed; he stood tall and weighed . He was the younger brother of Lee Handley and attended Bradley University.
Gene Handley spent ten seasons in minor league baseball before winning a job with the 1946 Athletics. He broke into the professional game as an outfielder, but he soon converted to a third baseman, and also played second base and shortstop in the minors. In 125 MLB games played — 85 at second base, 14 at third base and two at shortstop — Handley was a .252 hitter (86-for-341) with 10 doubles, six triples, 41 runs, 29 RBI, and nine stolen bases. After his playing career, Handley was a minor league manager, then a longtime scout, for the Chicago Cubs, working in the Chicago organization for 54 years and signing players such as Dick Ellsworth, Mike Krukow and Pete LaCock. He died in Tucson, Arizona, at the age of 94.

</doc>
<doc id="9776922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776922" title="Bob Howard">
Bob Howard

Robert Lee "Bobby" Howard (born November 24, 1944 in Tallulah, Louisiana, died April 7, 2008 in San Diego, California) was a collegiate and professional football defensive back. He played in the American Football League for the San Diego Chargers, where he was a second-round selection in the 1967 Common Draft. He also played for the NFL's Chargers, Philadelphia Eagles, and New England Patriots.
College career.
Howard first played college football at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, where he later transferred to San Diego State, where he had been recruited by Don Coryell.
Personal.
Howard married Barbara Howard after graduating from San Bernardino High School. They had three children, two girls and a boy.
Bob Howard died of cancer on April 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9776923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776923" title="Matteo Trefoloni">
Matteo Trefoloni

Matteo Simone Trefoloni is a top Italian football referee, who has refereed many UEFA Cup matches in recent years. He became well known to Scottish football fans when he controversially sent Rangers goalkeeper Allan McGregor off in a UEFA Cup against Hapoel Tel Aviv played on 22 February 2007.
Trefoloni returned to Scotland on 17 September 2008 to take charge of the match between Celtic and Aalborg in the UEFA Champions League. He once again courted controversy, when he sent off Aalborg defender Michael Beauchamp, despite the Australian not being the culprit of the foul that had been awarded.
Trefoloni consequently was demoted from the Elite to the Premier category by UEFA.

</doc>
<doc id="9776960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776960" title="Arturo S. Mom">
Arturo S. Mom

Arturo S. Mom (December 2, 1893 - ? in La Plata Buenos Aires Province) was an Argentine screenwriter and film director of the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.
He wrote and directed films such as "Monte Criollo" (1935), "Loco lindo" (1936), "Palermo (film)" (1937), "Nuestra tierra de paz" (1939) and "Albergue de mujeres" (1946). 

</doc>
<doc id="9776989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776989" title="Marsha Sharp">
Marsha Sharp

Marsha Sharp (born August 31, 1952) is the former head coach of Texas Tech University's women's basketball team, the Lady Raiders. She retired after 23 years at the conclusion of the 2005–06 season.
Sharp went to high school in Tulia, Texas. She graduated in 1974 from Wayland Baptist University in Plainview. She procured her master's degree in 1976 from West Texas State University (now West Texas A&M University) in Canyon. She became the head coach of the Lady Raiders in 1982. For most of the 1980s, Sharp's Lady Raiders were the second-best team in the Southwest Conference, behind the Texas Longhorns under Jody Conradt. However, they dominated the last years of the SWC's existence, winning the last five regular season titles in a row (four outright, one shared) and three conference tournaments. Her best team was the 1992–93 unit, led by Sheryl Swoopes, which won the first NCAA championship by a Texas Tech team in any sport. After Texas Tech became a charter member of the Big 12 Conference in 1996, Sharp added three more regular season titles and two tournament titles. 
Sharp's 23-year career won–lost records included a 258–89 record (.744 winning percentage) in conference play (Southwest Conference and Big 12 Conference combined) and a 572–189 record (.752 winning percentage) overall.
In 2003, Sharp was inducted into the Women's Basketball Hall of Fame. The Marsha Sharp Center for Student-Athletes on the campus of Texas Tech and the Marsha Sharp Freeway in Lubbock are both named after Sharp.
Following Sharp's retirement from coaching, she was named Associate Athletic Director for Special Projects within the Texas Tech Athletic Department.

</doc>
<doc id="9776999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9776999" title="Breakfast on Pluto (film)">
Breakfast on Pluto (film)

Breakfast on Pluto is a 2005 comedy-drama film written and directed by Neil Jordan and based on the novel of the same name by Patrick McCabe, as adapted by Jordan and McCabe. This dark comedy stars Cillian Murphy as a transgender foundling searching for love and her long-lost mother in small town Ireland and London in the 1970s.
Plot.
A glamorously made-up transgender woman named Patrick "Kitten" Braden, pushes a baby in a pram and flirts insouciantly with construction workers, and introduces her life story. The film is divided over more than 30 chapters. The fictional Irish town of Tyrellin, near the border of Northern Ireland in the late 1940s, cartoon robins narrate as baby Patrick's mother abandons her on the doorstep of the local parochial house where her father, Father Liam, lives. She is then placed with an unloving foster mother. Since she is a transgender baby who appears to be physically male, she is gendered male. A young Patrick is later shown donning a dress and lipstick, which angers his foster family. Patrick is accepted by his close friends Charlie, Irwin, and Lawrence, as well as by Lawrence's father, who tells Patrick that his biological mother looked like blonde American movie star Mitzi Gaynor.
The story moves to Patrick's late teen years in the early '70s. Patrick gets into trouble in school by writing explicit fiction imagining how he was conceived by Father Liam and Liam's young housekeeper Eily Bergin and by inquiring about where to get a sex change. Patrick renames herself as "Kitten," also using the name Patricia. She approaches her father in confession, asking about her mother, but is rebuffed. Kitten soon runs away from home, catching a ride with a glam rock band, Billy Hatchet and the Mohawks, and striking up a flirtation with leader Billy. Billy installs the lovestruck, homeless Kitten in a trailer home where she discovers he's hiding guns smuggled for the Irish Republican Army. Meanwhile, Irwin has begun to work with the IRA, much to the dismay of his now-girlfriend Charlie. Kitten dismisses Irwin's politics as "serious, serious, serious," but after Lawrence is killed by police detonating a suspected IRA car bomb, she tosses the IRA gun cache into a lake. Billy abandons Kitten to flee the IRA, while Kitten plays crazy, so that she won't be shot.
Kitten next journeys to London to search for her mother, but initial inquiries prove fruitless. Penniless, she finds shelter in a tiny cottage in a park, only to find that it's a children's entertainment park for The Wombles. Kitten gets a job as a singing, dancing Womble, but immediately loses it when her sponsor and co-worker punches their boss. Forced into prostitution, she is violently attacked by her first client, saving herself from strangulation by spraying him in the eyes with Chanel No. 5 perfume. At a diner, magician Bertie Vaughan asks her what she is writing in her notebook. She explains that it's the story of "The Phantom Lady" who was "swallowed up" by the big city, then reveals that it's about the mother she is seeking. Bertie hires her to be his magician's assistant, exploiting her life story in a hypnosis act. The two take a romantic day trip, but Kitten explains that she's not really a girl when Bertie tries to kiss her. Bertie says that he already knew this. Soon, Charlie finds Bertie's show and takes Kitten away.
Kitten goes to a club frequented by British soldiers and dances with a soldier, only to be injured when the club is bombed by the IRA. When police discover that Kitten is biologically male and Irish, she is arrested as a suspected terrorist. Beaten and prevented from sleeping, she writes a hyperbolic statement, shown in a fantasy spy film spoof sequence. The police's attitude soften, realising that she is innocent, and release her. With no place to go, Kitten begs to stay in the police station, but is tossed to the street. Kitten is again forced to turn tricks, but is saved by one of the cops who interrogated her. He brings her to a peep show where she transforms herself into a high femme blonde. Her repentant father finds her and in a scene that mirrors their confessional scene, professes his love and tells Kitten where to find her mother. She goes to her mother's house posing as a telephone company market researcher and discovers a younger half-brother whose name is also Patrick. She faints upon meeting her mother, but after reviving does not reveal her earlier identity.
When Irwin is killed by the IRA, Kitten goes home to tend to a pregnant Charlie. The town reacts against the unwed mother and her transgender friend by firebombing the parish house. Kitten and Charlie flee to London. In the final scene, they run into Kitten's pregnant mother Eily and little Patrick at the doctor's office, where Charlie is getting post-natal care. Kitten is friendly, but still doesn't reveal her past identity.
Production.
To prepare for the lead role of Kitten, Murphy studied women's body language and for a few weeks met with a drag queen who instructed him and took him out clubbing with friends.
Neil Jordan and Pat McCabe made big changes to the story in their adaptation of the novel for the silver screen. In the book, the protagonist is called "Pussy," but Jordan and McCabe rename her "Kitten" in the film. Unlike the highly sexual Pussy, who is sexually involved with numerous male and female characters in some rather kinky situations as well as a few long-term relationships, Kitten doesn't even kiss another character on the lips. One sexual encounter for hire is strongly implied, but Kitten is not shown being overtly sexual with anyone on screen. Kitten's flirtatious relationships with the series of male characters she meets throughout the film are never shown or strongly implied to have been consummated, leaving the yearning main character unrequited.
The seaside scene between Kitten and Bertie was considered by some to be an allusion to director Jordan's earlier film "The Crying Game", which also involved a transgender major character, the IRA, and actor Stephen Rea. In "The Crying Game", Rea's character doesn't realize that the woman he has fallen for and become sexually involved with is biologically male. In "Breakfast on Pluto", Kitten confesses that she's "not a girl" before Rea's character can kiss her, and he says kindly that he already knew, but does not follow through with the kiss.
The author of the novel upon which the film is based, co-screenwriter Patrick McCabe, has a cameo in the film as Kitten's creative writing teacher. Declan Burke also played his part as the leading extra.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 57% based on 115 reviews.
Awards and nominations.
For his portrayal of Kitten, Murphy won the 2007 IFTA Award for Best Actor and was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy.
Jordan also won the 2007 IFTA for Best Director and Jordan and McCabe took home the Best Script IFTA.

</doc>
<doc id="9777012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777012" title="Camp Mackall">
Camp Mackall

Camp Mackall is an active U.S. Army training facility located in eastern Richmond County and northern Scotland County, North Carolina, south of the town of Southern Pines. The facility is in close proximity to and is a sub-installation of Fort Bragg (home to the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Division and the U.S. Army Special Operations Command Headquarters).
Camp Mackall is the setting of primary training to become a member of U.S. Army Special Forces. Inside the camp is the Resistance Training Laboratory, a mock prisoner-of-war camp in which special operations forces soldiers are trained in resistance techniques for use if captured by enemy combatants.
History.
Originally named Camp Hoffman, on February 8, 1943, General Order Number 6 renamed the facility Camp Mackall in honor of Private John Thomas (Tommy) Mackall. He was born May 17, 1920 in Ohio and grew up in Wellsville, Ohio. He served in Company E, 2nd Battalion, 509th Parachute Infantry Regiment. During the Allied invasion of North Africa in the airborne segment called Operation Torch, he was mortally wounded in an attack by French Vichy aircraft on his aircraft as the aircraft landed near Oran. Seven paratroopers died at the scene and several were wounded, including Mackall. He was evacuated by air to a British hospital at Gibraltar where he died on November 12, 1942. He had been wounded on November 8, the day that construction began at the camp. He is buried in Glenview Cemetery in East Palestine, Ohio. Historian Stephen E. Ambrose described the camp as a "marvel of wartime construction", having been converted from 62,000 acres of wilderness to a camp "with 65 miles of paved roads, a 1,200-bed hospital, five movie theaters, six huge beer gardens, a complete all-weather airfield with three 5,000-foot runways, and 1,750 buildings" in just four months.
Facilities.
The Mackall Army Airfield has two runways: 4/22 is 5,001 by 150 feet (1,524 x 46 m) with an asphalt surface and 11/29 is 4,740 by 150 feet (1,445 x 46 m) with a concrete surface.
The Colonel James "Nick" Rowe Training Compound hosts SERE, SFAS, the Q Course and other training courses. It is named for Col. James N. Rowe. The obstacle course at the camp, arguably the hardest obstacle course in the U.S. Army, is named the "Nasty Nick" in honor of Rowe.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9777018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777018" title="Beneath the Watchful Eyes">
Beneath the Watchful Eyes

Beneath the Watchful Eyes is the fifteenth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2007.
Awards.
"Beneath the Watchful Eyes" won the 2007 Wammie for Best Recording in the Electronica Category. In the 2009 Just Plain Folks Music Awards the track "Women Alone" was nominated in the Techno Song category.
Release notes.
"Mischievous techno-inspired electronica."

</doc>
<doc id="9777020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777020" title="Divergent geometric series">
Divergent geometric series

In mathematics, an infinite geometric series of the form
is divergent if and only if | "r" | ≥ 1. Methods for summation of divergent series are sometimes useful, and usually evaluate divergent geometric series to a sum that agrees with the formula for the convergent case
This is true of any summation method that possesses the properties of regularity, linearity, and stability.
Examples.
In increasing order of difficulty to sum:
Motivation for study.
It is useful to figure out which summation methods produce the geometric series formula for which common ratios. One application for this information is the so-called Borel-Okada principle: If a regular summation method sums Σ"z""n" to 1/(1 - "z") for all "z" in a subset "S" of the complex plane, given certain restrictions on "S", then the method also gives the analytic continuation of any other function on the intersection of "S" with the Mittag-Leffler star for "f".
Summability by region.
Open unit disk.
Ordinary summation succeeds only for common ratios |"z"| < 1.
Half-plane.
The series is Borel summable for every "z" with real part < 1. Any such series is also summable by the generalized Euler method (E, "a") for appropriate "a".
Shadowed plane.
Certain moment constant methods besides Borel summation can sum the geometric series on the entire Mittag-Leffler star of the function 1/(1 − "z"), that is, for all "z" except the ray "z" ≥ 1.

</doc>
<doc id="9777027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777027" title="South Plantation High School">
South Plantation High School

South Plantation High School, also known locally as simply "South" (to avoid confusion with Plantation High), is a four-year, public high school located in Plantation, a large suburb of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in the United States.
SPHS is part of the Broward County Public Schools District, which is the sixth largest district in the nation with over 258,000 students enrolled as of the 2007/08 school year. The school has been named a Blue Ribbon School of Excellence in 1982 and 1983. South Plantation has an FCAT school grade of ""A""for the 2010-2011 academic year.
Demographics.
As of 2011, the total student enrollment was 2878. The ethnic makeup of the school was 50% White, 40% Black, 3% Asian or Pacific Islander, 3% Multiracial, and 3% Native American or Native Alaskan.

</doc>
<doc id="9777030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777030" title="Callixeinus">
Callixeinus

Callixeinus () was an Athenian politician who lived around 400 BCE, the time of Socrates. In the political aftermath of the Battle of Arginusae, Callixeinus was a lead instigator in the "en masse" trial and execution of 6 generals, including Thrasyllus and Pericles the Younger, son of Aspasia and Pericles. 
After aggressive lobbying by Callixeinus, the generals were found responsible for not saving the sailors stranded after the battle. Socrates, as member of Heliaia refused to be cowed by threats of impeachment and imprisonment and blocked the vote until his Prytany ended the next day, whereupon the six Generals were condemned to death.
Public blame towards the generals for the incident soon vapored in regret of the executions, and Callixeinus fled Athens. Several years later, he returned only to die of starvation.

</doc>
<doc id="9777031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777031" title="Telephone tapping in the Eastern Bloc">
Telephone tapping in the Eastern Bloc

Telephone tapping in the countries of the Eastern Bloc was a widespread method of the mass surveillance of the population by the secret police.
History.
In some countries, this was open and legal. During martial law in Poland, official censorship was introduced, including open phone tapping. In fact, the Polish secret police did not have resources to monitor all conversations, despite the introduction of the new censorship division.
In Romania, telephone tapping was conducted by the General Directorate for Technical Operations of the Securitate. Created with Soviet assistance in 1954, the outfit monitored all voice and electronic communications in and out of Romania. They bugged telephones and intercepted all telegraphs and telex messages, as well as placing microphones in both public and private buildings.
Fiction.
The 2007 film "The Lives of Others" concerns a Stasi man who is telephone-tapping a suspected dissident writer.
The Polish comedy film "Rozmowy kontrolowane" ("Monitored Conversations") capitalizes on this fact. The title alludes to the pre-recorded phrase "Rozmowa kontrolowana" ("The talk is being monitored") a person repeatedly heard during a phone conversation.

</doc>
<doc id="9777062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777062" title="Mariele Neudecker">
Mariele Neudecker

Born in 1965 in Düsseldorf, Germany, Mariele Neudecker lives and works in Bristol, UK. Neudecker uses a broad range of media including sculpture, installation, film and photography. Her practice investigates the formation and historical dissemination of cultural constructs around the natural world, focusing particularly on landscape representations within the Northern European Romantic tradition and today’s notions of the Sublime. Central to the work is the human interest and relationship to landscape and its images used metaphorically for human psychology.
Neudecker has shown widely internationally, notably in Biennales in Japan, Australia and Singapore, also solo shows in Ikon Gallery, Tate St Ives and Tate Britain. In 2010 she presented a solo exhibition at Galerie Barbara Thumm, Berlin, won the Ludwig Gies Preis for her participation at Triennale Fellbach 2010 (Germany), made a new commission for Extraordinary Measures, Belsay Hall, Castle and Gardens, Newcastle upon Tyne (UK) and was invited to spend three month at the Headlands Centre for the Arts, San Francisco (USA).
She is represented by gallery Barbara Thumm, Berlin.
Education.
1985-87 Crawford College of Art and Design, Cork, Ireland
1987-90 Goldsmiths’ College (BA Hons Degree), London
1991-92 Chelsea College of Art and Design (MA Sculpture), London
1996-97 Tower Hamlets College (Digital Image Creation/Manipulation), London

</doc>
<doc id="9777063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777063" title="Clayburn, Abbotsford">
Clayburn, Abbotsford

Clayburn is a small historic village now located with the City of Abbotsford, in the Central Fraser Valley of British Columbia. Largely surrounded by farmland and green fields, at the western base of Sumas Mountain, the historic centre is situated immediately north and east of the city of Abbotsford's urban sprawl.
The settlement is known locally for its early twentieth-century brickworks and brick worker's cottages which line its main street.
The name "Clayburn" is used because in the late 1920s Clayburn was a large producer of clay bricks, and had various factories, some of which still exist today. Clay-mining and brick-making operations were started by John Morton, one of the so-called "Three Greenhorns", whose "Brickmaker's Claim" is now the West End of Vancouver and was thought originally to have been commercially viable for porcelain clay.

</doc>
<doc id="9777067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777067" title="Holonomic constraints">
Holonomic constraints

In classical mechanics, holonomic constraints are relations between the coordinates (and possibly time) which can be expressed in the following form:
formula_1, where formula_2 are the n coordinates which describe the system. For example, the motion of a particle constrained to lie on the surface of a sphere is subject to a holonomic constraint, but if the particle is able to fall off the sphere under the influence of gravity, the constraint becomes non-holonomic.
Velocity-dependent constraints such as
formula_3
are not usually holonomic.
Holonomic system (physics).
In classical mechanics a system may be defined as holonomic if all constraints of the system are holonomic. For a constraint to be holonomic it must be expressible as a function:
i.e. a holonomic constraint depends only on the coordinates formula_5 and time formula_6 . It does not depend on the velocities. A constraint that cannot be expressed in the form shown above is a nonholonomic constraint.
Transformation to general coordinates.
The holonomic constraint equations can help us easily remove some of the dependent variables in our system. For example, if we want to remove formula_7 which is a parameter in the constraint equation formula_8, we can rearrange the equation into the following form, assuming it can be done,
and replace the formula_7 in every equation of the system using the above function. This can always be done for general physical system, provided that formula_8 is formula_12, then by implicit function theorem, the solution formula_13 is guaranteed in some open set. Thus, it is possible to remove all occurrences of the dependent variable formula_7.
Suppose that a physical system has formula_15 degrees of freedom. Now, formula_16 holonomic constraints are imposed on the system. Then, the number of degrees of freedom is reduced to formula_17. We can use formula_18 independent generalized coordinates (formula_19) to completely describe the motion of the system. The transformation equation can be expressed as follows:
Differential form.
Consider the following differential form of a constraint equation:
where "c""ij", "c""i" are the coefficients of the differentials "dq""j" and "dt" for the "i"th constraint.
If the differential form is integrable, i.e., if there is a function formula_22 satisfying the equality
then this constraint is a holonomic constraint; otherwise, nonholonomic. Therefore, all holonomic and some nonholonomic constraints can be expressed using the differential form. Not all nonholonomic constraints can be expressed this way. Examples of nonholonomic constraints which can not be expressed this way are those that are dependent on generalized velocities. With a constraint equation in differential form, whether the constraint is holonomic or nonholonomic depends on the integrability of the differential form.
Classification of physical systems.
In order to study classical physics rigorously and methodically, we need to classify systems. Based on previous discussion, we can classify physical systems into holonomic systems and non-holonomic systems. One of the conditions for the applicability of many theorems and equations is that the system must be a holonomic system. For example, if a physical system is a holonomic system and a monogenic system, then Hamilton's principle is the necessary and sufficient condition for the correctness of Lagrange's equation.
Examples.
As shown at right, a simple pendulum is a system composed of a weight and a string. The string is attached at the top end to a pivot and at the bottom end to a weight. Being inextensible, the string’s length is a constant. Therefore, this system is holonomic; it obeys the holonomic constraint
where formula_25 is the position of the weight and formula_26 is length of the string.
The particles of a rigid body obey the holonomic constraint
where formula_28, formula_29 are respectively the positions of particles formula_30 and formula_31, and formula_32 is the distance between them.

</doc>
<doc id="9777085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777085" title="Donnie Green">
Donnie Green

Donnie Gerald Green (born July 21, 1948 in Washington, D.C.) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Buffalo Bills, Philadelphia Eagles, and the Detroit Lions. He played college football at Purdue University and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1971 NFL Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="9777095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777095" title="John Oliver Killens">
John Oliver Killens

John Oliver Killens (January 14, 1916 – October 27, 1987) was an American fiction writer whose novels of African-American life received two Pulitzer Prize nominations. He once stated: "My fight is not to be a white man in a black skin, but to inject some black blood, some black intelligence into the pallid mainstream of American life, culturally, socially, psychologically, philosophically." He also believed: "There is no such thing as art for art's sake. All art is propaganda, although there is much propaganda that is not art. We must join a crusade to decolonize the minds of black people. No one else will do this work, so we must."
Biography.
Early life and education.
Killens was born in Macon, Georgia, to Charles Myles Killens, Sr, and Willie Lee Killens. His father encouraged him to read Langston Hughes's writings, and his mother, who was president of Dunbar Literary Club, introduced him to poetry. Killens was an enthusiastic reader as a child and was inspired by writers such as Hughes and Richard Wright. His great-grandmother’s tales of slavery were another important factor in his gaining knowledge of traditional black mythology and folklore, which later appeared in his writings.
Killens graduated in 1933 from Ballard Normal School, in Macon, a private institution run by the American Missionary Association and at the time one of the few secondary schools for blacks in Georgia. Planning to be a lawyer, he attended Edward Waters College in Jacksonville, Florida, Morris Brown College in Atlanta, Howard University in Washington DC, and in 1939 the Robert H. Terrell Law School in Washington, D.C., but left in his final year in order to study creative writing at Columbia University in New York.
He joined the army during World War II, serving as a member of the Pacific amphibious forces from 1942 to 1945. He spent more than two years in the South Pacific, and rose to the rank of master sergeant.
Literary career.
In 1948, Killens moved to New York and focused on establishing a literary career. He attended writing classes at Columbia University and New York University. He was an active member of many organizations, including the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) and the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). Around 1950, Killens co-founded with Rosa Guy and others a writers' group that became the Harlem Writers Guild (HWG).
His first novel "Youngblood" (1954), dealing with a fictional black Georgia family in the early 1900s, was read and developed at HWG meetings in members' homes. His second novel, "And Then We Heard the Thunder" (1962), was about the treatment of the black soldiers in the military; it was named by critic Noel Perrin as one of five major works of fiction of World War II. His third novel, "Sippi" (1967), focused on the voting rights during the 1960s. Two of his novels earned Pulitzer Prize nominations: "And Then We Heard the Thunder" (1962) and "The Cotillion; or, One Good Bull Is Half the Herd" (1971). In addition to novels, Killens also wrote plays, screenplays, and many articles and short stories that appeared in publications as diverse as "Black Scholar", the "New York Times", "Ebony" and "Redbook".
He taught creative-writing programs at Fisk University, Howard University, Columbia University and Medgar Evers College. In 1986, he founded the National Black Writers Conference at Medgar Evers College.
Personal life.
In 1943 Killens married Grace Ward Jones, with whom he had two children: a son, John Charles, and a daughter, Barbara.
In 1987, Killens died of cancer in Brooklyn, NY, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="9777100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777100" title="Jim Hamby">
Jim Hamby

James Sanford Hamby (July 29, 1897 – October 21, 1991) nicknamed "Cracker", was a professional baseball catcher from 1926 to 1927 for the New York Giants. Of his 55 career at bats, 52 of them came in 1927, when he had a batting average of .192. In 1926 he had 3 at-bats, not getting any hits.

</doc>
<doc id="9777106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777106" title="James J. McCullough">
James J. McCullough

James J. "Sonny" McCullough (born January 11, 1942) is an American Republican Party politician, who served in the New Jersey State Senate from 2007 to 2008, where he represented the 2nd Legislative District.
Biography.
Born on January 11, 1942, McCullough earned degrees from Rutgers University with a major in public works management, and Rider College majoring in business.
On November 6, 2007, McCullough lost his re-election bid, having been ousted by Democratic Party New Jersey General Assembly member Jim Whelan.
McCullough succeeded Senator William Gormley, who announced in January 2007 that he would not seek reelection to the State Senate. Gormley had indicated that he will support District 2 Assemblyman Francis J. Blee as his successor, and Gormley stepped down on February 15, 2007. Despite Gormley's endorsement McCullough defeated Blee for the interim spot. 
McCullough served in the Senate on the Labor Committee and the Wagering, Tourism and Historic Preservation Committee.
McCullough has served on the Egg Harbor Township Committee and has been Mayor of Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey since 1996, in addition to mayoral stints in 1986 and from 1988 to 1992. He was a member of the township's Planning Board since 1996 (and also in 1986 and from 1988 to 1992). McCullough served as Municipal Utilities Authority Commissioner 2000-06 and on the Zoning Board from 1976 to 1980.
McCullough lives in the Seaview Harbor section of the township. He and his wife Georgene, have four sons, Jim, George, William (Sonny) and Sean, and five grandchildren.
District 2.
Each of the forty districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The other representatives from the 2nd Legislative District who served with McCullough in the 2006-2008 legislative session were:

</doc>
<doc id="9777111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777111" title="Jochen Arbeit">
Jochen Arbeit

Jochen Arbeit is a German guitarist. He has been a member of the band Einstürzende Neubauten since the middle of the 1990s and was a long-time-member of Die Haut (from 1984 until disbanding in 1997), which also included Einstürzende Neubauten percussionist Rudi Moser and Thomas Wydler, drummer of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
Since 2008 he has also been working with Gerd Bessler and Hopek Quirin as the trio ABQ (Arbeit Bessler Quirin), which released their first live album to Surrism-Phonoethics in January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9777124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777124" title="Padilla Habano">
Padilla Habano

Padilla Habano was a brand of handmade premium cigar owned by Padilla Cigar Company. It was discontinued in early 2011.
History and Background.
Introduced in 2005, the brand was created by Ernesto Padilla and is manufactured at Tabacalera Oliva Tabolisa in Estelí, Nicaragua under the supervision of Gilberto Oliva. Ernesto Padilla announced the Padilla Habano was to be discontinued in early 2011.
Description.
Medium strength cigars, the wrapper is Cuban Habano leaf, aged for five years; the binder and filler are Nicaraguan tobaccos. The cigars are packed in varnished boxes, 20 per box. The band, artwork and packaging, which were redesigned in 2006, are the work of Ernesto Padilla.

</doc>
<doc id="9777176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777176" title="Sir George Burrard, 4th Baronet">
Sir George Burrard, 4th Baronet

Sir George Burrard, 4th Baronet (13 October 1805 – 7 September 1870) was a British politician.
He was the only son of Sir George Burrard, 3rd Baronet and his first wife Elizabeth Anne Coppell, daughter of William Coppell. In 1856, he succeeded his father as baronet. Burrard was Member of Parliament (MP) for Lymington from 1828 to 1832.
On 3 January 1830, he married Isabella Duckett, only daughter of Sir George Duckett, 2nd Baronet. Their marriage was childless. Burrard drowned, aged 65, while bathing in Lyme Regis and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his younger half-brother Harry.

</doc>
<doc id="9777178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777178" title="Don't Mess with Bill">
Don't Mess with Bill

"Don't Mess with Bill" is a million-selling, Gold-certified single recorded by The Marvelettes. Written and produced by Smokey Robinson, "Don't Mess with Bill" features a lead vocal by Wanda Young. The single peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and at #3 on "Billboard's" R&B singles chart. "Don't Mess with Bill" was the Marvelettes' final Top 10 Pop single, although they scored three additional Top 10 hits on Billboard's 'Soul' chart (for a total of 11).
The titular "Bill" referenced in the song is not an allusion to the song's author, Bill "Smokey" Robinson. Robinson reports that he chose the name because it fit the lyrics, not because it was his. "Don't Mess With Bill" has also been recorded and released by Monalisa Young.

</doc>
<doc id="9777180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777180" title="Sugg Clinic">
Sugg Clinic

The Sugg Clinic is considered an outstanding example of the Streamline Moderne architectural style. The building, which is listed in the National Register of Historic Places, is located at 100 E 13th Street in Ada, Oklahoma. Opened in 1947, it was called "one of the best equipped clinics in the Southwest." Architect Albert Ross designed it to fulfill Dr. Alfred R. Sugg's dream of a large, modem clinic to serve the growing city. The Sugg Clinic features smooth tile walls, curved comers, glass block windows, and brushed aluminum trim. The clinic closed in 1980. After a period of vacancy, it has recently been restored as an office building.

</doc>
<doc id="9777185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777185" title="Fred McRobie">
Fred McRobie

Fred McRobie was a hockey player for the Montreal Victorias in the 1890s. He won the Stanley Cup in 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="9777188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777188" title="Chris McAlpine">
Chris McAlpine

Christopher Walter McAlpine (born December 1, 1971 in Roseville, Minnesota) is a retired American professional hockey player who played in the NHL with the New Jersey Devils, St. Louis Blues, Tampa Bay Lightning, Atlanta Thrashers, Chicago Blackhawks, and Los Angeles Kings. He played Defense and shot right-handed.
McAlpine was drafted by the New Jersey Devils in the 7th round, 137th overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft. After being drafted he played for the University of Minnesota for 4 years, scoring 30 points in 36 games his final year there. He made his debut in the NHL during the 1994–1995 season when he split the year with the Devils and the Albany River Rats of the AHL. After one and a half years with the River Rats McAlpine was traded to the St. Louis Blues, where he played the majority of his NHL career. The 1999–2000 season turned out to be a hectic one for McAlpine, as he played for the Blues, Tampa Bay Lightning, and Atlanta Thrashers. Following that season he played for the Chicago Blackhwaks for 2 years and then 21 games with the Los Angeles Kings during the 2002–2003 season. 
Chris McAlpine won the Stanley Cup in 1995 with the New Jersey Devils.
Chris McAlpine retired after the 2004–2005 season. He is currently a player agent working in Minneapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="9777195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777195" title="Tony Greene">
Tony Greene

Anthony Greene (born August 29, 1949 in Gaithersburg, Maryland) was an American football safety in the NFL who played for the Buffalo Bills. He played college football at the University of Maryland.
Greene holds the record for the longest interception return in Bills history, when he scored on a 101-yard interception against the Kansas City Chiefs in .

</doc>
<doc id="9777210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777210" title="Dutch Fehring">
Dutch Fehring

William Paul "Dutch" Fehring (May 31, 1912 – April 13, 2006) was an American football and baseball player and coach in the United States. He served as the head baseball coach at Purdue University from 1936 to 1942 and at Stanford University from 1956 to 1967, compiling a career college baseball record of 374–248–9.
Early life.
Born in Columbus, Indiana, Fehring attended Purdue University, where he starred in football, basketball, and baseball, one of only two Purdue athletes to letter nine times. Fehring helped the Boilermakers win two Big Ten Conference titles in football and a national championship in basketball in 1932, and was the traveling roommate of John Wooden. Fehring was inducted into the inaugural class of the Purdue University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1994.
Baseball career.
After graduating from Purdue, Fehring chose to play his favorite sport, baseball, where he excelled as a catcher. He was signed by the Chicago White Sox, and in his only Major League appearance on July 25, 1934, Fehring tagged out Lou Gehrig at the plate as Gehrig was attempting an inside-the-park home run. Fehrig's tag, however, gave Gehrig a triple, and with his other hits on the day, it was the first time Gehrig ever hit for the cycle.
Coaching career.
After his baseball career ended, Fehring returned to Purdue and became their head baseball coach and assistant football coach from 1936 to 1942. After serving in World War II, Fehring was an assistant football coach for two years at Oklahoma and for one year at UCLA, where he recommended his college friend John Wooden for the head basketball coaching vacancy.
Stanford.
In 1949, Fehring was hired as an assistant baseball and football coach at Stanford. He took over as head baseball coach in 1956, and coached for 11 years, culminating in a College World Series semifinals appearance in 1967. Along with his football coaching role in the 1952 Rose Bowl, Fehring has the unique distinction as a coach in both a College World Series and a Rose Bowl.
Later life and honors.
Fehring retired as head baseball coach in 1967, but remained at Stanford as director of intramurals and club sports until 1977. Fehring died in Stanford, California in 2006 at the age of 93.
Fehring is a member of the American Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Fame, the Indiana Baseball Hall of Fame, the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame, the Purdue University Athletic Hall of Fame, and the Stanford Athletic Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9777239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777239" title="William Dykes">
William Dykes

William Dykes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9777257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777257" title="Ebru Yaşar">
Ebru Yaşar

Ebru Yaşar () (born 8 August 1978 in Ankara) is a popular Turkish pop music singer.
Music.
She is of Kurdish descent. In 1995 Ebru Yaşar was 17 when she released her debut album "Bu Sahilde" (On this Beach). That year, she won the Female Singer of the Year Award of Turkish Magazine Journalists Association. In 1999, with the aid of Ibrahim Tatlises, she released the album "Seni Anan Benim Için Doğurmuş". The title track from this album was incredibly popular (sold more than 1 million records) and won Ebru Yaşar awards in the 6th Kral TV Video Music Awards Competition. After another 4 years, in 2003 she released the album "Aşkımız Buraya Kadar" which embodied hit songs such as "Aşkımız Buraya Kadar", Yeminim Var" and "O Değil". In 2006 summer, Ebru Yaşar released the long awaited album "Yeşillenirim". The album was immensely popular, the best selling of all her albums. The song "Yeşillenirim" was played for weeks on end on Turkish TV and radio stations.
At the end of 2008, a new album was lunched. "Seviyorum Seni", the album was in a duet with Ismail YK and It was considered as a Major hit in Turkish pop music.
In 2011 she released the Delidir album, where she sang in Turkish, Kurdish, and Arabic.
Television career.
The popular music channel Kral airs Ebru's own show called "Uzun Geceler" every Thursday at 20.30

</doc>
<doc id="9777272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777272" title="Los Pagares de Mendieta">
Los Pagares de Mendieta

Los Pagares de Mendieta is a b&w Argentine comedy film directed by Leopoldo Torres Ríos. The film premiered in Buenos Aires on October 18, 1939 and starred Tito Lusiardo.

</doc>
<doc id="9777284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777284" title="Stroboflash">
Stroboflash

Stroboflash is the name of one of the earliest commercially successful portable dry cell battery powered electronic flashes produced. 
History of development.
It was designed and initially manufactured in 1942 by Strobo Research, a company founded by Edward Farber and Harold Edgerton that was located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Stroboflash electronic flashes were used extensively by newspaper photographers as an alternative to flash bulbs. In 1955, Stroboflash was sold by Strobo Research to Graflex, Inc., a now defunct company that also produced sheet film large format cameras and a host of camera accessories and was located in Rochester, New York. There were four models of Stroboflash, aptly designated as Stroboflash I, Stroboflash II, Stroboflash III and Stroboflash IV. The Stroboflash I used two 240 volt dry cell batteries that are no longer made and was the lightest of the four models and produced 50 watt seconds of light power. The Stroboflash II, III and IV were powered by two 225 volt dry cell batteries that are still produced by Eveready, but are now quite expensive (two #489 225 volt batteries hooked up to produce 450 volts). The Stroboflash II and Stroboflash IV were produced by Graflex through 1975, when Graflex, Inc. sold the Stroboflash IV to another company called Graflite that produced it until about 1978, then they also went out of business. The Stroboflash III was only produced for a few years. It put out 200 watt seconds of light power, but could not be turned down. It was replaced by the Stroboflash IV that had four power setting that could be selected via a rotary top mounted switch: 1/4 (50 watt seconds), 1/2(100 watt seconds), 3/4(150 watt seconds) and full (200 watt seconds). The Stroboflash II had a constant 100 watt second light output that was not adjustable. 
Stroboflash Flash features.
All four Stroboflash models consisted of a power pack that connected to a separate flash head via a power cord and special plug and all used the same Stroboflash flash heads, which were light weight and had a satin reflector that produced very soft, non directional light. Professional photographers used Stroboflash II and IV electronic flashes extensively in the 50's through 80's because of the soft, well diffused light they produce. The Stroboflash electronic flash units are still considered flashes that produce excellent quality high power lighting, but the battery expense and the fact that the batteries only produce between 1,000 to 2,000 flashes (depending on the power level selected) and the fact that these flash batteries were not rechargeable led to professionals replacing these flashes with other models that were powered by batteries that could be recharged. 
Current repairs and updates.
There is a company that has developed a rechargeable power supply for the Stroboflash II, III, and IV, which plugs right into the Stroboflash power pack instead of the original dry cell batteries and utilizes two 12 volt rechargeable battery packs. They also repair these flashes. This can be found at Stroboflash.com.

</doc>
<doc id="9777285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777285" title="1906 in Wales">
1906 in Wales

This article is about the particular significance of the year 1906 to Wales and its people.

</doc>
<doc id="9777300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777300" title="Milton H. Sanford">
Milton H. Sanford

Milton Holbrook Sanford (August 29, 1813 – August 3, 1883) was an American businessman and owner/breeder of Thoroughbred racehorses.
Born in Medway, Massachusetts, the son of Sewall Sanford and Edena Holbrook, Milton Sanford would become one of the town's greatest benefactors. [http://medwaylib.org/History/MPR/MiddlePostRoad.htm] Sanford owned wool and cotton mills and made a fortune manufacturing blankets for the Union Army during the American Civil War. In 1883 he built the Sanford Textile Mill in Medway which still stands to this day as a condominium property.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
Wealthy enough to satisfy his passion for Thoroughbred horse racing, Milton H. Sanford owned Preakness Stables at the corner of Valley Road and Preakness Avenue in Preakness, New Jersey as well as the Preakness Stud Farm in Lexington, Kentucky.
In the summer of 1868, following a day of racing at Saratoga Race Course, Milton Sanford hosted a now famous dinner party for horsemen and other distinguished guests at the Union Hall Hotel in Saratoga Springs, New York. During the evening, John W. Hunter suggested that the occasion be marked with the creation of a Stakes race to be called the Dinner Party Stakes with a very substantial purse of $15,000. It was agreed that the race be held in the fall of 1870 and be open to three-year old colts and fillies at a distance of two miles (3 km). Maryland governor Oden Bowie was in attendance and he promised that if the race would be run in Maryland, he would see to it that a new racetrack would be built to host it. As a result, Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore was built and on October 25, 1870 a horse named Preakness owned by Milton Sanford won the inaugural Dinner Party Stakes. The Preakness Stakes, established at Pimlico Race Course in 1873, was named in honor of Sanford's horse. 
In 1881, the sixty-eight-year-old Milton Sanford sold Preakness Stud in Kentucky to Daniel Swigert who renamed it Elmendorf Farm. He died less than two years later at his summerhouse at 72 Washington Street in Newport, Rhode Island. The property, designed by William Ralph Emerson, is now a bed and breakfast called the Sanford-Covell Villa Marina [http://www.sanford-covell.com/gallery.asp] 
Milton Sanford is buried in his birthplace of Medway, Massachusetts where Sanford Hall and Sanford Street are named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9777301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777301" title="Auto Express">
Auto Express

Auto Express is a weekly motoring magazine sold in the United Kingdom published by Dennis Publishing. The Editor-in-Chief is Steve Fowler.
Launched in September 1988, its 1000th issue was published on 20 February 2008. Its only weekly competitor in Britain is the long established "Autocar". In 2011 "Auto Express" was the biggest selling motoring magazine in Britain with a circulation of 60,840.
"Auto Express" is known for its spy shots and speculative illustrations of forthcoming cars. It also covers news, road tests, first drives, readers' letters and feedback, product tests, long-term tests, used cars, prices, motorsport and comment columns.
It has sister magazines in France: "Auto Plus", and Germany: "Auto Bild" which follow the same format.
Since 2001 "Auto Express" has published the J.D. Power-rivalling "Driver Power" satisfaction survey which shows the 100 best and worst cars to own that year.

</doc>
<doc id="9777306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777306" title="Hob Nob Anyone?">
Hob Nob Anyone?

Hob Nob Anyone? is an unofficial fanzine site dedicated to Reading Football Club. The name "Hob Nob Anyone?" is in reference to Reading's association with biscuit making. For many years, the town of Reading was home to Huntley & Palmers biscuit factory. A HobNob is a British biscuit.
The site was one of the first football websites. When the site was first launched in November 1994, only a handful of clubs were represented on the Internet. Since then the site has grown from the Second Division to the rise into the Premier League.
"Hob Nob Anyone?" was hosted at the University of East Anglia in 1994. Early in 1999, the site got its domain names (royals.cx and royals.org) and moved to its own virtual server, where it has obtained over a million hits per month since the 2000. In the summer of 2002, "Hob Nob Anyone?" moved again to be hosted at Oscura Ltd. Oscura are a web development and hosting company located in the centre of Reading.
The site includes match reports dating back to the 1994-95 season, a forum with around 6500 members, fans analysis and an away fans guide.
The site also has a section dedicated to STAR and links up with Tim Dellor and the BBC Radio Berkshire Sports team and the local newspaper, the "Reading Evening Post".
"Hob Nob Anyone?" has featured in football book "Motson's National Obsession" and newspapers such as: "The Times", "The Guardian", "The Daily Telegraph", and "The Observer". In addition, it was site of the week in the "Daily Star".

</doc>
<doc id="9777312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777312" title="Vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia">
Vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia

Vaginal intraepithelial neoplasia (VAIN) is a condition that describes premalignant histological findings in the vagina characterized by dysplastic changes. 
The disorder is rare and generally has no symptoms. VAIN can be detected by the presence of abnormal cells in a Papanicolaou test (Pap smear).
Like cervical intraepithelial neoplasia, VAIN comes in three stages, VAIN 1, 2, and 3. In VAIN 1, a third of the thickness of the cells in the vaginal skin are abnormal, while in VAIN 3, the full thickness is affected. VAIN 3 is also known as carcinoma in-situ, or stage 0 vaginal cancer.
Infection with certain types of the human papillomavirus ("high-risk types") may be associated with up to 80% of cases of VAIN. Vaccinating girls with HPV vaccine before initial sexual contact has been shown to reduce incidence of VAIN.
One study found that most cases of VAIN were located in the upper third of the vagina, and were multifocal. In the same study, 65 and 10% patients with VAIN also had cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and vulvar intraepithelial neoplasia, respectively.
In another study, most cases of VAIN went into remission after a single treatment, but about 5% of the cases studied progressed into a more serious condition despite treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="9777315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777315" title="Mel Kaufman">
Mel Kaufman

Melvin Kaufman (February 24, 1958 – February 7, 2009) was an American football linebacker in the National Football League who played his entire eight-year career with the Washington Redskins. He played college football at Cal Poly - California Polytechnic State University.
Biography.
Early life.
Kaufman was born in Los Angeles, California and attended Santa Monica High School in Santa Monica, California, where he earned two varsity letters while playing high school football.
College career.
Kaufman played four seasons of college football at Cal Poly after being redshirted in 1976. In 1978, he recovered a blocked punt against Portland State University. In 1979, he recorded 67 tackles and two interceptions. During Cal Poly's 1980 national championship season, Kaufman returned an interception 79 yards for a touchdown against California State University, Northridge.
Kaufman earned his bachelor’s degree in social science and industrial relations at Cal Poly in 1984.
Professional career.
Kaufman was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Washington Redskins in 1981, along with former Cal Poly teammate LeCharls McDaniel, by Redskins general manager Bobby Beathard. A defensive team leader and team captain with the Redskins from 1981–88, Kaufman was a starting linebacker on three NFC championship teams (1982, 1983 and 1987). He played in three Super Bowls with the Redskins, winning Super Bowl XVII and XXII, and losing Super Bowl XVIII. Kaufman also was a scout for the Redskins in Super Bowl XXVI.
Kaufman announced his retirement from football on July 5, 1989. He started 78 of 91 games, recorded 18.5 sacks, seven interceptions, and five fumble recoveries.
Coaching career.
After his playing career, Kaufman was a scouting supervisor for the Redskins from 1989 through 1998. He then became a mental health counselor and football, basketball and baseball coach at Masada High School in Gardena, California from 2000–05 and a football official (youth and high school games) in the Pacific Coast Conference in 2006 and 2007.
Kaufman had been out of football at the college and professional levels for about 10 years before he was hired as linebackers coach at Cal Poly in Spring 2007. He helped guide the Mustangs to an 8-3 record, a Great West Conference title and a berth in the 2008 NCAA Division I Football Championship playoffs.
Personal.
Kaufman served as an assistant manager at Blue Sky's, a moving and storage company in Los Angeles, in 1998 and 1999. As a volunteer, he was director of the minority internship program and a training camp director for the Redskins, worked with Big Brothers Big Sisters of Washington, D.C., served on the board of directors for the Northern Virginia chapter of the American Lung Association as well as the board of advisors for Virginia Commerce Bank. Kaufman was also a spokesperson for the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Drug Enforcement Administration and the United States military, working with and speaking to children and adults.
Death.
Kaufman died in his Santa Margarita home about three weeks shy of his 51st birthday. An autopsy performed by the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's Office revealed the cause of death as an intra-abdominal hemorrhage due to hemorrhagic pancreatitis.

</doc>
<doc id="9777352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777352" title="La vida es un tango">
La vida es un tango

La Vida es un tango (Life is a Tango) is a Argentine musical film directed by Manuel Romero. The tango film starred Tito Lusiardo and Hugo del Carril.

</doc>
<doc id="9777404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777404" title="Dabajian Mountain">
Dabajian Mountain

Dabajian Mountain (, Atayal:Babo Papak, Saisiyat:Kapatalayan ) is located in the northern section of the Shei-Pa National Park in Hsinchu County, Taiwan. It is surrounded by numerous other peaks, the most predominant including Mount Nanhuda, Mount Yize, Mt. Zhongyangjian, Mt. Pintian, and Mt. Mutule. It is also near the Madala River.
Terrain.
The first half of Dabajian Mountain is a medium grade hill with about a 35° incline. The top half is an almost straight up rock face. The mountain's steep grade and unique features were mainly formed by wind. The mountain is composed mainly of greywacke.
Tourism.
Dabajian Mountain is known for its steep grade, beautiful surroundings, and rugged terrain, making it a popular rock climbing mountain. There are many companies in the area that offer rock climbing tours to the mountain. The Atayal and Saisiyat people, which are two groups of Taiwanese aborigines, believe that this mountain is their holy mountain.
Tourists are recommended to visit in the spring and summer because of the beautiful weather in the mountain. When there is snow on the mountain, it can become extremely hazardous to hike.

</doc>
<doc id="9777409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777409" title="List of schools in Essex">
List of schools in Essex

This article lists all secondary schools in the Local Education Authority for Essex, England. Essex is the second largest Local Education Authority in England.
Grammar schools in Essex.
All Grammar Schools are selective. As this article only covers the Local Education Authority for Essex; see List of schools in Southend-on-Sea for grammar schools in Southend-on-Sea LEA.
Independent schools.
The schools that are also academically selective are indicated with a '(SEL)' at the end of the school name.

</doc>
<doc id="9777424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777424" title="Sherry Baby">
Sherry Baby

Sherry Baby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9777436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777436" title="Nazarene Bible Quizzing">
Nazarene Bible Quizzing

Nazarene Bible Quizzing is a form of Bible Quiz competition for 6th-12th graders all over the world, sponsored by the Church of the Nazarene.
In Nazarene Bible Quizzing, two or three teams of up to five members compete against each other with participants jumping off of a chair to answer a question. The jumping triggers an electronic lockout device in the seat, and only the first person to jump may answer the question. Should someone jump before the question is completed they must finish the question "and" give the answer. In this respect, it is similar to other Christian denominational Bible quiz ministries.
The material each year is chosen from a predetermined list of books in the New Testament. Over its eight-year cycle, Nazarene Bible Quzzing covers over half of the New Testament.
Types of Questions.
In quizzing, there are eight different kinds of questions used and 20 questions in a round. Situation questions are used if Book and Chapter questions are not and vice versa.
The Quiz Cycle.
The current quiz cycle is determined by the World Bible Quizzing Association, and repeats every 8 years.
Regional & National Level Competition.
Nazarene bible quizzing is separated into three basic divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="9777440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777440" title="Smith &amp; Wesson M&amp;P">
Smith &amp; Wesson M&amp;P

The Smith & Wesson M&P (Military and Police) is a polymer-framed, short recoil operated, locked breech semi-automatic pistol introduced in the summer of 2005 by the American company Smith & Wesson. It uses a Browning-type locking system. While targeted at law enforcement agencies, the M&P is also available on the commercial market.
History.
The M&P is a direct evolution of the Smith & Wesson Sigma design but does not share parts compatibility with the Sigma. The M&P design has an improved trigger, enhanced ergonomics that allow for end-user customization. An industry standard picatinny rail and a higher grip has been afforded with an improved grip and beavertail. Many of the ergonomic study elements that had been incorporated into the Sigma and the Smith & Wesson SW99 were brought over to the M&P. The improved trigger weight and feel and the unique takedown method (not requiring a dry-fire pull of the trigger) were meant to set the M&P apart from both the Sigma and the popular Glock pistols.
Design details.
The M&P is a striker-fired semi-automatic pistol. This trigger system prevents the firearm from discharging unless the trigger is fully depressed, even if the pistol is dropped. An internal lock and/or magazine disconnect are available as options and an optional external thumb safety became available in 2009.
The pistol frame is made out of Zytel polymer reinforced with a stainless steel chassis.
The slide and barrel are made out of stainless steel that after hardening is treated with a proprietary nitriding process called Melonite. The Melonite process produces a matte gray non-glare surface with a 68 Rockwell C surface hardness rating.
The pistol has a very low slide profile which holds the barrel axis close to the shooter's hand and makes the M&P more comfortable to shoot by reducing muzzle rise and allowing for faster aim recovery in rapid shooting sequence.
The slide has four contact points with the frame. This was done to make the rail system self cleaning, by leaving room for any dirt or small foreign objects to fall out of the weapon.
As the slide of the pistol enters battery, the striker engages the sear. At this point, the sear is held back in a partially cocked condition. When the trigger of the M&P is pulled, the trigger bar first engages the firing pin safety plunger, lifting it upward, and releasing firing pin safety. At the rearward extreme of the trigger bar's travel, it engages the sear. The sear is rotated downward by the trigger bar, fully cocking, then releasing the striker. The striker makes contact with the primer of the chambered round, which in turn ignites the gunpowder and propels the bullet forward. According to renowned M&P gunsmith Dan Burwell, the angle on the rear face of the sear creates a camming action against the striker. This camming action moves the striker to the rear very slightly during the trigger pull, thus finishing the "cocking". This system is similar to the partially tensioned striker found in the Glock series of pistols. When the pistol cycles for the next shot, the striker will be automatically pre-set in a 98% cocked position. Because the striker is only 98% cocked prior to the trigger being pulled, Smith and Wesson classifies the M&P's action as "striker fired (double action only)".
The M&P factory trigger is of the jointed type and has a trigger travel of 7.6 mm (0.3 in) and is rated at . The M&P45c models have a slightly higher rated trigger pull of . The competition oriented M&P40 Pro Series have a reduced trigger pull of due to the installation of a Smith and Wesson performance center sear.
Massachusetts (MA) approved models have a trigger pull of .
Several safety features are prominent on the M&P. A sear deactivation lever permits the shooter to disassemble the pistol without having to pull the trigger to accomplish disassembly. The pistol also has a loaded chamber indicator viewing opening on top of the slide.
Ergonomics were a key focus in the design of the firearm, and as a result, three interchangeable palm swell grips are included (small, medium and large). The trigger guard is designed to accommodate gloves. The frame of the M&P has a slide release lever on each side. The magazine drops free when the magazine release is pressed. The firearm features an ambidextrous slide stop and reversible magazine release for either right or left hand operation.
The pistols are delivered with two magazines.
The standard iron sights are of the three dot type and made of steel. Both the front and rear sights are dove-tailed into the slide, and can be horizontally drifted to adjust for windage correction.
An integrated Picatinny rail can be found underneath the slide on the front of the frame for attaching tactical lights, lasers and other accessories.
Accessories.
Additionally, there are ten-round magazine versions available of each pistol for the California, Massachusetts, New York, Australian, and Canadian markets. Novak tritium night sights are also an available option for both the full-sized and compact versions. Another optional accessory is the stainless steel lanyard pin. The new pin replaces the original solid plastic pin with one that has a stainless steel ring embedded for use with a lanyard. 
Variants.
The M&P is available in 9mm, .357 SIG, .40 S&W, and .45 ACP, with barrel lengths in 5.0", 4.5", 4.25", 4.1" 4.0", 3.5", and 3.1".
The M&P Pro Series is available in 9mm Parabellum and .40 S&W with 4.25" and 5" barrels. The M&P9 Pro Series 5" and M&P40 Pro Series 5" pistols feature a Novak fiber optic green front sight and Novak reduced-glare rear sights, instead of the night sights found on the 4.25" models, since the 5" models are aimed at competition.
The M&P9 JG is a standard size Champion series variant named for Julie Golob that is fitted with a Warren Tactical rear sight and a fibre optic front sight. Besides the three standard black grip inserts it comes with two small and medium-sized pink grip inserts. A portion of the proceeds will go to a breast cancer awareness charity and an awareness ribbon is etched on the slide of the pistol.
In 2007 the full-size .45 ACP version of the M&P was introduced sporting a 114 mm (4.5 in) barrel. This model also won "Handgun of the Year" in 2007.
In 2008, Smith and Wesson introduced new versions of the M&P: the M&P45 Mid-size, the M&P45 Compact, the M&P9L, and the M&P Pro Series. The M&P45 Mid-size sports a 102 mm (4 in) barrel and a full-sized grip, and the M&P45 Compact targets the concealed carry market with its 4" barrel and shorter grip (with eight or ten-round capacity).
In 2011, Smith and Wesson released the M&P22, a cosmetically similar handgun chambered in .22 Long Rifle. The internal construction and blowback operation of this rimfire cartridge variant is the same as the Walther P22, which Smith & Wesson used to import into the United States, and completely differs from the center fire M&P variants. Rather than the three dot sights found on other models the M&P22 has a single dot on the front sight and notch rear that is adjustable for elevation and windage.
In 2012, Smith and Wesson introduced the M&P Shield in 9mm and .40 S&W. The Shield is a subcompact single-stacked magazine variant of the M&P line. The Shield has roughly the same silhouette as the M&P Compact but is considerably thinner at less than 1-inch in width. The Shield is the first M&P to incorporate an improved trigger with positive reset.
In 2014, Smith and Wesson introduced the M&P Bodyguard 380 in .380 ACP. The M&P Bodyguard is functionally identical to the previous released Bodyguard 380, which it replaces. The M&P branded Bodyguard removes the integral laser site of the previous pistol and brings the aesthetics in line with the rest M&P product line. Unlike the rest of the M&P pistols, the M&P Bodyguard in not striker fired. It is a more traditional double action only hammer fired pistol intended for personal protection, concealed carry or as a law enforcement "back-up" gun.

</doc>
<doc id="9777443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777443" title="John Savile, 1st Earl of Mexborough">
John Savile, 1st Earl of Mexborough

John Savile, 1st Earl of Mexborough (December 1719 – 17 February 1778), known as The Lord Pollington between 1753 and 1766, was an English peer and Member of Parliament.
Savile was the eldest son of Charles Savile of Methley (1676–1741). He entered Parliament in 1747 as member for Hedon, and subsequently also represented New Shoreham. In 1749 he was appointed a Knight Companion of the Order of the Bath. In November 1753 he was raised to the peerage as Baron Pollington, of Longford in the County of Longford; however, this title was created in the Peerage of Ireland, meaning that it did not disqualify him from remaining an MP. In February 1766 he was created Viscount Pollington, of Ferns in the County of Wexford, and Earl of Mexborough, of Lifford in the County of Donegal, in the Irish peerage.
Mexborough was a friend and patron of the playwright and actor-manager Samuel Foote; it was while on a visit to Mexborough in 1766 that Foote lost a leg in a riding accident.
He married Sarah Delaval (d. 1821) in 1760, and they had three sons:

</doc>
<doc id="9777452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777452" title="USS Isle Royale (AD-29)">
USS Isle Royale (AD-29)

USS "Isle Royale" (AD-29) was a named for an island of the Great Lakes.
"Isle Royale" was launched by Todd Pacific Shipyards, Inc. of Seattle, Washington on 19 September 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Greer A. Duncan; and delivered to the Navy on 2 July 1946 for layup in the San Diego Reserve Fleet. During her period of inactivation, "Isle Royale" served as headquarters ship for the San Diego Subgroup, Pacific Reserve Fleet. She was designated to replace the in the active fleet, and commissioned at Long Beach, California on 9 June 1962, taking "Hamul"s officers and men as that ship decommissioned. After shakedown, "Isle Royale" moved to Long Beach to begin her services to Pacific Fleet destroyers, supplying them with parts and vital repair facilities.
Service history.
The tender sailed for Pearl Harbor on 8 February 1963 and for the next seven months served the destroyers roaming the Pacific on their vital peacekeeping mission. She returned to Long Beach from this deployment on 11 September 1963 and conducted training operations in California waters until June 1964. The ship then got underway again for Pearl Harbor, where she operated until 30 October. She returned to Long Beach 5 November where she operated until departing 3 August 1965 for a scheduled six-month mid-Pacific cruise. However, upon arriving Pearl Harbor, she received orders to proceed on to the Philippines where she tended ships of the 7th Fleet fighting in Vietnam. "Isle Royale" earned one campaign star for Vietnam War service.
"Isle Royale" returned to Long Beach on 5 March 1966 and operated along the West Coast until sailing again for the Far East on 16 September. She remained in the Orient operating primarily out of Subic Bay tending the destroyers of the 7th Fleet until her return to Long Beach on 12 April 1967. Thereafter "Isle Royale" operated in waters off southern California preparing for future action.
After she was decommissioned on 11 March 1970, "Isle Royale" was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 15 September 1976. Custody was transferred to the Maritime Administration, for disposal; "Isle Royale" was sold by MARAD on 1 December 1977, to Waterman Supply Co. who stripped her any usable parts before selling the hulk to International Steel Co. for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="9777479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777479" title="IFK Uppsala Fotboll">
IFK Uppsala Fotboll

IFK Uppsala is a Swedish football club, and the football section (the other one is bandy) of IFK Uppsala, located in Uppsala. The club, formed 1895, was one of the leading Swedish clubs in the early 20th century. They played two seasons in the highest league at the time, Svenska Serien, and also played three Swedish Championship finals, losing all. IFK Uppsala currently plays in the lower leagues of Swedish football.

</doc>
<doc id="9777484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777484" title="Vernon Holland">
Vernon Holland

Vernon Edward "Vern" Holland (June 28, 1948 – April 20, 1998) was an American football offensive tackle in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals, Detroit Lions and New York Giants. 
Holland was born in San Antonio, Texas and grew up in Sherman, Texas. He played college football at Tennessee State University in Nashville, Tennessee. Holland was an all-American at Tennessee State, where he played from 1967-70.
He was drafted in the first round (15th overall) of the 1971 NFL Draft by the Bengals.
Holland played right tackle in Cincinnati, where he anchored the offensive line throughout the 1970s. For nine years, from the 1971 season through the 1979 season, he played in 119 games for the Bengals, starting all but one of those. He played in every Bengals game in eight of his nine seasons in Cincinnati.
In 1975, he was named second team All-American Football Conference (AFC) by UPI.
He was also known for expensive clothes, carrying a briefcase because he considered football serious business, and the nickname "Suki."
The Bengals cut Holland prior to the 1980 season, partly to make way for rookie (and future Hall-of-Famer) Anthony Munoz.
In 1980, he played 10 games, starting five, for the New York Giants, then two games for the Detroit Lions. It was the final season of his 10-year NFL career.
He later worked in the security department of the Nashville Arena. He died at age 49 of a heart attack on April 21, 1998 in Nashville.
The Ohio Valley Conference, of which Holland's alma mater, Tennessee State, is a member, annually awards the Vernon Holland Scholarship to promote the graduate-level studies of former OVC student-athletes interested in a career tied to sports.

</doc>
<doc id="9777485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777485" title="The Life of Carlos Gardel">
The Life of Carlos Gardel

The Life of Carlos Gardel (Spanish:La Vida de Carlos Gardel) is a 1939 Argentine musical film directed by Alberto De Zavalia and starring Hugo del Carril, Delia Garces and Elsa O'Connor. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires on May 24, 1939. The film is a biopic, portraying the life of the French-born tango dancer Carlos Gardel (1890-1935) who became a popular film star in Argentina and the United States. The film was a major success, due largely to the lasting popularity of Gardel following his sudden death in an airplane crash four years before. The film boosted the careers of its stars, and was part of what became known as the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="9777488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777488" title="Cats and Dogs (Talisman album)">
Cats and Dogs (Talisman album)

Cats and Dogs is the sixth studio album by Swedish hard rock band Talisman released on 12 May 2003 on Frontiers Records.
The release of the album was followed by a tour in Europe, which included a headlining slot at Gods of AOR Festival in the UK, a performance at Frontiers Showcase in Italy, a new appearance at the Sweden Rock Festival and a show at the Lokerse Festival in Belgium 

</doc>
<doc id="9777498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777498" title="Alan-Michael Spaulding">
Alan-Michael Spaulding

Alan-Michael Spaulding is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera "Guiding Light". The character is the son of wealthy businessman, Alan Spaulding, and his former wife, Hope Bauer. Alan-Michael was born on-screen on September 23, 1981 but this was subsequently revised to 1970 when he turned 17 years old and then later to 1965 or 1966 during his brief dalliance with Marina Cooper in 2006.
Four actors have regularly portrayed the character, the most recent being Michael Dempsey from November 2005 to May 2007. Rick Hearst was the actor who portrayed him the longest, and is arguably the best known for the role. He was nominated for four Daytime Emmy Awards, winning his first in 1991. The child who played him at birth was a baby girl named Jessica Zutterman. 
Carl T. Evans introduced the teenage character on July 4, 1987 when Alan-Michael literally parachuted onto the annual Bauer barbecue. He played Alan-Michael until 1990 when Rick Hearst took over the character, playing him for six years. When he left, Michael Dietz was recast briefly (July 3, 1996 to February 7, 1997). In 2005, "Guiding Light" reintroduced the character with Michael Dempsey in the role.
Family troubles.
Alan-Michael was raised to adulthood by his mother in New York and lived near his great great Aunt Trudy Bauer Palmer until he came to Springfield to live with his father when he was 17 years old. Until recently, he was the only biological son of his father, Alan Spaulding. Despite this, his adopted older brother, Phillip, seemed to be Alan's favorite and was groomed to take over the business while Alan-Michael was often left feeling overlooked and unloved. He is heavily influenced by his desire to be nothing like his father and brother on a personal level and his deep-rooted need to prove that he's just as capable as they are in business. While Alan and Philip are wholly proud of being Spauldings, Alan-Michael has always seen it as a mixed blessing, and sometimes more of a curse. He also has a deep seated need for his father's approval which is usually at odds with his disdain for him. Conversely, he is much closer with his Aunt Alexandra who is usually an ally to him in business as well as personal matters.
Alan-Michael, despite being a member of the richest and arguably most powerful family in Springfield, resided at The Beacon Hotel upon his return due mainly to his tempestuous relationship with his father. In 2007, he was forced to leave Springfield after Alan framed him for embezzlement, stating that he wouldn't lose another son to a vendetta (referring to Phillip's past troubles).
Family.
Alan-Michael is the only child born to the brief marriage of Alan Spaulding and Hope Bauer. His parents were mismatched from the beginning, and their relationship was fraught with difficulties. Alan's affair with Vanessa Chamberlain Reardon finally ended the marriage, which led Hope to drink. Her battle with alcoholism continued throughout Alan-Michael's early years. In 1986, Alan-Michael fell in love with Dinah Marler. However, Cameron Stewart tried to break the couple up. Later that year, Harley Cooper came to town. Harley, who loved Cameron, teamed up with Alan-Michael to stop Dinah and Cameron from getting closer. Much to their schemes, Dinah and Cameron could not resist temptation and began dating. Cameron left Harley and Alan-Michael was dumped by Dinah. So Alan-Michael wanted to get even so he and Harley began having Sex. Alan-Michael wanted to gain his trust fund but learned from Alexandra that Alan would only let him have it if he was married or until he decides it's the right time. When Alan-Michael married Harley Cooper in 1988, his mother refused to attend, since Alan would be present at the wedding. Alan-Michael only married Harley to gain his trust fund in 1988, but despite his failure in that endeavour, he ended up falling in love with her. The marriage didn't last, however, because Alan made it seem like Harley had cheated on Alan-Michael, leading him to sleep with his Phillip's wife Christina "Blake" Thorpe, who wanted to get even with Phillip who left her for Beth, who return to town. Blake, who pretended she was pregnant, coerced Alan-Michael into divorcing Harley and marrying her or she would continue to interfere with Beth and Phillip. Not long after their marriage, Blake faked a miscarriage, but the truth about her fake pregnancy was found out. Alan-Michael left Blake, but throughout the early '90s, he and Blake would team up to feud with Alan. Alan-Michael soon fell in love with and married Eleni Andros. Eleni, however, had conceived a child before they married, thanking it was Alan-Michael's; when it was revealed to be Frank Cooper's instead, Eleni left Alan-Michael to marry Frank. Heartbroken yet again, Alan-Michael took over Spaulding Enterprises. He would date Josh's ex Tangie Hill in 1994, who also flirted with Alan, much to Josh's like. However, his heart would later be wooed by Lucy Cooper in 1995 whom he'd marry before leaving town in 1997. During this time, Alan-Michael's ex, Dinah Marler returned to town, vowing revenge for leaving her to marry Harley Copper all those years ago. Knowing how much the Spauldings, especially Alan Michael, had hatred for Roger Thorpe, Dinah saw an change at getting even by marrying Roger, trying to make Alan-Michael jelious, however he was trying to break up Lucy and Brent Lawerence. So, Dinah gave up, but continue to marry Roger in order to gain her Trust Fund. Lucy left the crazy Brent Lawerence and went back to Alan-Michael in the summer of 1995. Alan-Michael and Gilly Grant teamed up in late 1995/early 1996 to help Reva Shayne convience with Josh and Annie Duttion over a joined custody agreement of Marah and Shayne.
Alan-Michael would return in 2005, divorced from Lucy. He and Marina Cooper (ironically, the child Eleni had conceived with Frank) would have a brief courtship between 2005-2006, and he later had a courtship with Ava Peralta before leaving Springfield again.

</doc>
<doc id="9777511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777511" title="University of Strathclyde Department of Government">
University of Strathclyde Department of Government

The School of Government and Public Policy at the University of Strathclyde in Strathclyde, Scotland, is one of the leading political science departments in the United Kingdom.
The department was formed in 1965 as the "Department of Politics" and has been headed by Allen Potter, John Mackintosh, Richard Rose, Jeremy Richardson, Brian W. Hogwood, Gerry Stoker, Mario Diani, David Judge and James Mitchell. Currently the Head of Department is Professor James Mitchell. In 2010 the department of Government and the European Policies Research centre merged to form the School of Government and Public Policy.

</doc>
<doc id="9777516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777516" title="Mather, Manitoba">
Mather, Manitoba

Mather (, CST) is a community in Southwestern Manitoba, Canada, and part of the Rural Municipality of Roblin.
Businesses.
The area around Mather is primarily a farming community. Mather also has multiple trucking companies, a cement factory, a general store, Harms Seeds, Yake's Automotive Shop, as well as a barbershop. There are several hog barns around Mather as well.
Mixed farming is most common in the Mather area. Commonly harvested yields consist of wheat, barley, oats, canola, corn, and flax, as well as some sunflower and pea crops.
Attractions.
The Rock and Memorial Wall
If you’re nearby Mather, stop to see ‘The Rock’. It was moved by road on a metal skid to the centre of Mather as a commemorative marker. It was balanced on the skid with railway ties and due to the friction of the road and skid, enough heat was created to start the railway ties on fire. It is located next to the ‘Memorial Wall’ which commemorates the 100th anniversary of the settlement of Mather. The ‘brick wall’ displays over 550 family names of past and present residents.
The Grove
The Grove is a beautiful attraction for Mather. Secreted away within Mather, it’s a beautiful garden with winding paths, a small chapel, a fountain, a playhouse, and a summer house. The Grove has become a local hot spot for summer weddings.
Rock Lake
Mather is just south of Rock Lake where many water related activities take place in summer. 
Boundary Commission Trail
Mather is located along the Boundary Commission Trail.
General Interest.
The Mather area is known as Crocus Country.

</doc>
<doc id="9777518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777518" title="Ibirapitanga">
Ibirapitanga

Ibirapitanga is a municipality and a town in the State of Bahia, Brazil, located inland from the coast about 45 km. At the 2010 census the municipality had 22,610 inhabitants.
History.
The town was founded in 1915 when José Meneses de Oliveira built his home on the banks of the Cachoeira River, and it came to be known as Cachoeira do Pau. Later the name was changed to Ibirapitanga, a word in the Tupi language for "red wood" that is, Brazilwood.
The municipality was officially created in 1961, carved out of the interior portion of Camamu municipality, but came into effect in 1963.
Administrative divisions.
Ibirapitanga municipality is divided into four parts, the headquarters town of Ibirapitanga, and the rural divisions: Itamarati, Camamuzinho and Novo Horizonte.
Geography.
Ibirapitanga is bounded by the municipalities of Camamu to the east, Maraú to the southeast, Ubaitaba to the south, Ubatã to the west, Gandu and Piraí do Norte to the north and Igrapiúna to the northeast.
Highway BA-650 runs east to the town of Camamu. Highway 330 runs west to the towns of Ubatã and Ipiaú. Highway 101 runs north to Gandu and south to Ubaitaba and Itabuna. 
Economy.
Ibirapitanga's economy is based on cocoa agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="9777523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777523" title="Ivan Minekov">
Ivan Minekov

Born on January 28, 1947 in Pazardzhik, Ivan Minekov () is one of the most appreciated contemporary Bulgarian sculptors.
A graduate of the Academy for Fine Arts "Nicolae Grigorescu" in Bucharest, Romania (1970–1975), under Professor Paul Vasilescu's beneficial guidance, Ivan Minekov's striking talent quickly attracted the attention of the Bulgarian artistic society.
In the early years of his career, Ivan Minekov participated in all common exhibitions in Bulgaria, as well as in representative exhibitions in Europe. In the period between 1975 and 1990 he completed a number of large monumental works in many Bulgarian cities, among which his native Pazardzhik, Burgas (1978), Rousse, Lovech, Dorkovo and others. 
In the same period he was included in the Encyclopedia of Bulgarian Fine Arts. The Bulgarian National Television produced a short film about his monumental work Levski (1987) and a documentary about the artist (1988), which is now included in BNT's golden fund. Also in 1988, Minekov's work was chosen as a symbol of the second allied space journey of Bulgaria and Russia. 
The portrait of Professor Denton Cooley (1990), founder of the Texas Heart Institute, owned and deeply appreciated by Mr. Cooley, as well as Georges Ecly's interest towards Minekov's art, opened the doors to a rewarding international artistic career. In 1993-94 the Harada collection in Tokyo commissioned Ivan Minekov to create the portrait of Peter Michailov and in the year of 2000, Minekov's inclination towards mythology and history brought to life Dimitar Peshev's portrait, honoring the great politician for saving the Bulgarian Jews in the World War II. The bust has proudly found its place in the Palace of Europe in Strasbourg.
Today Minekov's works are owned by private collectors throughout Europe, USA, Israel and Japan. In the last few years the artist has participated in two exhibitions in the Netherlands (2005, 2007) and in a joint exhibition with painter Branimir Tzakov in the Seasons Gallery in Sofia (2006). He has also completed two portraits commissioned by private collectors from New York, USA. In 2007 Ivan Minekov was chosen as one of Bulgaria's leading artists to be represented on the Ministry of Foreign Affairs official website.

</doc>
<doc id="9777547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777547" title="Trash Art!">
Trash Art!

Trash Art! is an independent record label from Providence, Rhode Island, specializing in loud music from punk and metal subgenres. The label was founded in 1997, and has issued releases on vinyl and compact disc formats by 16, Apartment 213, As The Sun Sets, Backstabbers Inc, Cursed, Disappearer, Forensics, Meltdown, Today Is The Day, Trap Them, Verse, and XFilesX, amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="9777570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777570" title="Harold Paulsen">
Harold Paulsen

Harold W. "Babe" Paulsen (born March 3, 1919 in Virginia, Minnesota, died May 11, 2010 in Mankato, Minnesota) was a former collegiate ice hockey player and head coach.
Paulsen played hockey at the University of Minnesota from 1938–41 and was an All-American in 1940 at left wing alongside teammate John Mariucci. He was team captain as a senior in 1940-41 finishing his career as Gopher hockey's all-time leading scorer, a record that would hold for the next 25 years. He was selected for the 1940 U.S. Olympic Hockey team, but due to WWII those games were cancelled.
With boyish looks, and a small stature, Paulsen earned the nickname "Babe" during his playing days in high school and college.
Following college, Paulsen signed a professional contract with the Chicago Black Hawks, but never made it to Chicago. He coached the Roseau High School Rams varsity hockey team before joining the Navy during World War II. Paulsen returned to Minnesota after the war and completed a master's degree in education. He coached the varsity ice hockey program at Thief River Falls High School.
Paulsen was hired as the first varsity ice hockey coach at Michigan State University on August 1, 1948. Before recruiting or coaching, Paulsen oversaw the renovation of Demonstration Hall into an indoor rink with artificial ice-making capabilities. Paulsen struggled through his first two years at Michigan State with a 6-25 record. MSU athletic director Ralph H. Young felt the hockey program's progress was inadequate and Paulsen resigned after the 1951 season.
Following his coaching career, Paulsen earned a doctorate in physical education from the University of Michigan. He continued teaching health education courses at Michigan State. In 1956 he left Michigan State to become athletic director at Slippery Rock State Teachers College in Pennsylvania, now Slippery Rock University. Paulsen moved on to teach physical education at Mankato State College, now Minnesota State University, Mankato, until his retirement in 1988.
In 2001, Paulsen was among 50 former Gopher hockey players honored by the University of Minnesota as "Legends on Ice."
Paulsen's last name is commonly misspelled Paulson in many hockey publications.

</doc>
<doc id="9777583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777583" title="La Modelo de la calle Florida">
La Modelo de la calle Florida

La Modelo de la calle Florida is a Argentine musical film directed by Julio Irigoyen. The tango film premiered in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9777596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777596" title="Bastard rattlesnake">
Bastard rattlesnake

Bastard rattlesnake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9777625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777625" title="Willie Harper">
Willie Harper

Willie Miles Harper (born July 30, 1950 in Toledo, Ohio) is a former American Football linebacker who played for the San Francisco 49ers.
Harper played high school football for Toledo Scott and college football at University of Nebraska where he was an All-American in 1972 and was drafted in the second round of the 1973 NFL Draft by the 49ers, who he stayed with for eleven years, from 1973 to 1983. He moved to the USFL in 1984 to play for the New Jersey Generals. He finished his career with the Houston Gamblers in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9777683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777683" title="Pauline Fleming">
Pauline Fleming

Pauline Fleming is an English actress.
Born in 1960 in the Sefton Park area of Liverpool, Lancashire, Fleming trained at the Elliot Clarke School of Dance and Drama. Since leaving drama school her theatre appearances include Alan Ayckbourne’s ‘Chorus of Disapproval' for Theatr Clwyd. She played both Maria and Antonio in Kaboodles Production of 'Twelfth Night’, which opened at the Liverpool Everyman then did an international tour. Pauline also spent many years touring Children's Theatre productions performing the UK, Ireland and Europe. She went on to read English at Liverpool University. Her motivation was a fear of Shakespeare, which she finally overcame: she now regularly co-tutors on many workshops for Liverpool University.
Fleming's TV credits include 'Heartbeat', 'Doctors', and BBC’s 'Nice Guy Eddie' with Ricky Tomlinson. She may also be remembered as everyone's Aunty Val when she played Val Walker in Mersey TV's "Brookside" but most recently when she got hitched with the legendary Mike Baldwin in "Coronation Street" playing his knickerwear entrepreneur equal, 'Penny King'. She has recently completed a run in 'The Vagina Monologues' and is currently on tour playing Sarah in ‘The Naked Truth’. Fleming lives in Liverpool with her two cats, two dogs and daughter Cornelia. She also does much work for charity, particularly 'Pets As Therapy' and recently lent her support and attended the re-launch of Birkenhead Royal British Legion branch, the first British Legion branch in the world. In 2013, she played Margie in the BBC comedy-drama "Being Eileen".

</doc>
<doc id="9777703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777703" title="Rappaz R. N. Dainja">
Rappaz R. N. Dainja

"Rappaz R. N. Dainja" is the first track and a single from KRS-One's 1995 self-titled album. It contains production from DJ Premier that samples "Come On, Come Over" by Jaco Pastorius, "Toys" by Herbie Hancock and "Telephone Girl" by Assagai. It contains an intro in which various hip hop artists such as MC Shan, Grand Wizard Theodore and Kool DJ Herc say positive things about KRS-One. KRS-One then starts rhyming three verses of braggadocios lyrics, each ended with a vocal sample from "Time's Up" by O.C.. A music video directed by Brian "Black" Luvar was made for it, but it still did not reach any Billboard charts.
Lyrics from "Rappaz R. N. Dainja" were sampled in "Skills" by Gang Starr.

</doc>
<doc id="9777710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777710" title="Jim Fahnhorst">
Jim Fahnhorst

James Fahnhorst (born November 8, 1958) is a former National Football League linebacker from 1984 through 1990. During that span he was a member of three Super Bowl Champions and started in Super Bowl XXIII: Super Bowl XIX, Super Bowl XXIII and Super Bowl XXIV for the San Francisco 49ers. Jim grew up in St. Cloud, Minnesota and graduated from St. Cloud Tech High School. He played college football at the University of Minnesota where he was First Team All-Big Ten at Linebacker AP/UPI in 1981. He is the younger brother of former 49ers' tackle Keith Fahnhorst. Graduating with a BA in Psychology, and a minor in Criminology. 
Fahnhorst also played two years in the USFL for coaching legend George Allen in the spring/summer of 1983 and 1984 for the Chicago Blitz and Arizona Wranglers. He is currently a Certified Financial Planner Professional, CFP(R) and has coached college football at Division III Macalester College and at Wayzata and Maple Grove High Schools in the Minneapolis area. 

</doc>
<doc id="9777717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777717" title="Rudolf Heidenhain">
Rudolf Heidenhain

Rudolf Peter Heinrich Heidenhain (29 January 1834 - 13 October 1897) was a German physiologist born in Marienwerder, East Prussia (now Kwidzyn, Poland). His son, Martin Heidenhain (1864-1949), was a highly regarded anatomist. 
Academic career.
He studied medicine at the Universities of Halle and Berlin. After receiving his doctorate, he remained in Berlin as an assistant to Emil du Bois-Reymond (1818-1896). In 1856 he returned to Halle, and worked in the laboratory of Alfred Wilhelm Volkmann (1801-1877). While serving an assistant at Halle, he made improvements on Hermann Welcker’s procedure for measurement of blood volume. 
In 1859 he attained the chair of physiology at the University of Breslau, where he remained for the rest of his career. Two of his famous students at Breslau were Karl Weigert (1845-1904) and Ivan Petrovich Pavlov (1849-1936). His laboratory was the source of voluminous contributions by himself, his pupils, or his assistants to "Pflügers Archiv" on a large variety of special topics in the field of his studies.
Work in muscle physiology.
Heidenhain is remembered for his work involving muscle and nerve physiology, and contributions made in the study of physiological thermoelectrics. He demonstrated the muscles' self-regulatory process for expenditure of energy, as well as its ability to "economize" energy. Heidenhain showed that total output energy (heat and mechanical work) increases with an increased load, in other words, a muscle freed more energy when resistance to its contraction was greater. Also, when a muscle was fatigued, it had the ability to work more economically. Heidenhain's research also dealt with the study of heat production during muscular activity. He was able to detect and measure a small increase of temperature during the slightest muscular movement.
Other contributions.
Heidenhain did extensive research concerning the secretory and absorption processes of glands. He studied the stomach's gastric glands and the processes it used to produce pepsin and hydrochloric acid. The eponymous demilunes of Heidenhain were described by him. These are half-moon shaped cellular structures associated with the salivary glands.
Heidenhain conducted scientific studies of hypnotism. His research was from a physiological basis, and he explained hypnosis in terms of inhibition of the cortex. Later, Ivan Pavlov carried on Heidenhain's physiological studies of hypnosis.

</doc>
<doc id="9777740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777740" title="Learning problems in childhood cancer">
Learning problems in childhood cancer

Certain treatments for childhood cancer are known to cause learning problems in survivors, particularly when central nervous system (CNS)-directed therapies are used (eg. cranial radiation; high-dose methotrexate or cytarabine; or intrathecal chemotherapy). As the mortality rates of childhood cancers have plummeted since effective treatment regiments have been introduced, greater attention has been paid to the effect of treatment on neurocognitive morbidity and quality of life of survivors. The goal of treatment for childhood cancers today is to minimize these adverse "late effects", while ensuring long-term survival.
Effect of cancer and its treatment on brain development.
Research shows that children with cancer are at risk for developing various cognitive or learning problems. These difficulties may be related to brain injury stemming from the cancer itself, such as a brain tumor or central nervous system metastasis or from side effects of cancer treatments such as chemotherapy and radiation therapy. Studies have shown that chemo and radiation therapies may damage brain white matter and disrupt brain activity.
Cognitive problems that have been associated with cancer and its treatments in children include deficits in attention, working memory, processing speed, mental flexibility, persistence, verbal fluency, memory, motor skills, academic achievement and social function. These deficits have been shown to occur irrespective of age, socioeconomic status, months since onset or cessation of treatment, anxiety, fatigue and dosage schedule.
Cognitive rehabilitation.
Some clinicians and research groups in neuropsychology are developing programs to help treat the cognitive problems associated with childhood cancer. Treatment typically involves a program of cognitive rehabilitation which aims to help improve cognitive function either by restoring capacities that were impaired and/or helping the patient learn ways to compensate for the impairment(s). Cognitive rehabilitation therapy usually involves evaluation to determine the specific impairments involved, an individualized program of specific skills training and practice and metacognitive strategies. Metacognitive strategies include helping the patient increase self-awareness regarding problem solving skills by learning how to better monitor the effectiveness of these skills and self-correct when necessary. Cognitive rehabilitation is conducted under the supervision of a neuropsychologist or other trained professional.

</doc>
<doc id="9777748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777748" title="Small rattlesnake">
Small rattlesnake

Small rattlesnake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9777765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777765" title="Penal substitution">
Penal substitution

Penal substitution (sometimes, esp. in older writings, called "forensic theory") is a theory of the atonement within Christian theology, developed with the Reformed tradition. It argues that Christ, by his own sacrificial choice, was punished (penalised) in the place of sinners (substitution), thus satisfying the demands of justice so God can justly forgive the sins. It is thus a specific understanding of substitutionary atonement, where the substitutionary nature of Jesus' death is understood in the sense of a substitutionary punishment.
Overview.
Penal substitution derives from the idea that divine forgiveness must satisfy divine justice, that is, that God is not willing or able to simply forgive sin without first requiring a satisfaction for it. It states that God gave himself in the person of his Son, Jesus Christ, to suffer the death, punishment and curse due to fallen humanity as the penalty for our sin. This theory was condemned as Patripassionism, and Theopassionism, as it was taught by Sabellius because it required the Father to suffer equally with the Son since the Trinity is God. This unity of God in the "Homoousion" (coined by Sabellius) required the Trinity be understood by what was called the heresy of Modalism.
Important theological concepts about penal substitution depend on the doctrine of the Trinity. Those who believe that Jesus was himself God, in line with the doctrine of the Trinity, believe that God took the punishment upon himself rather than putting it on someone else. In other words, the doctrine of union with Christ affirms that by taking the punishment upon himself Jesus fulfils the demands of justice not for an unrelated third party but for those identified with him. If, in the penal substitution understanding of the atonement, the death of Christ deals with sin and injustice, his resurrection is the renewal and restoration of righteousness. Key biblical references upon which penal substitution is based include:
It is debated if the Church Fathers subscribed to this doctrine, including Justin Martyr c. 100-165, Eusebius of Caesarea c. 275-339, Athanasius c. 300-373 and Augustine of Hippo 354-430 (see "Early Church", below). Although penal substitution is often associated with Anselm of Canterbury, he predates its formal development within later Reform theology. It is therefore doubted even among Reform theologians whether his 'satisfaction' theory is strictly equivalent. 
While penal substitution shares themes present in many other theories of the atonement, penal substitution is a distinctively Protestant understanding of the atonement that differs from both Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox understandings of the atonement. Many trace its origin to Calvin, but it was more concretely formulated by the Reform theologian Charles Hodge. Traditionally a belief in penal substitution is often regarded as a hallmark of the evangelical faith and is included as an article of faith by many (but not all) evangelical organizations today.
Differing views.
Advocates of penal substitution argue that the concept is both biblically based and rooted in the historical traditions of the Christian Church (although others say that the theory was developed later, in the Reformation period). Critics, however, argue that the theory of penal substitution is solely a later development, only forming part of orthodox Christian thought during the Protestant Reformation of the 16th-century, being advocated by Martin Luther and Calvin.
It has traditionally been compared with the so-called classic theory, that Christ's death represents the cosmic defeat of the devil to whom a ransom had to be paid (or the rescue of humanity from the power of sin and death), a view popularised by Gustaf Aulén; and secondly with the notion that the cross had its effect on human beings, by setting forth a supreme example of godliness or by blazing a trail which we must follow or by involving mankind in his redemptive obedience, the so-called subjective or exemplary theory associated with Peter Abelard and Hastings Rashdall.
On the other hand, those teaching an interpretation of the Cross consistent with penal substitution reject such a characterization of their beliefs. Their theory teaches that Christ's cosmic defeat of the devil was accomplished because Jesus suffered the penalty for mankind's sins. Under this view, the nature of Satan's authority over humanity comes from mankind's problem of sin, but by Jesus' cross, the guilt of sin before God is paid for and erased, the devil has no more power over the person saved. ()
History.
Early Church.
In scholarly literature it has been generally recognised for some time that the penal substitution theory was not taught in the Early Church. The ransom theory of atonement in conjunction with the moral influence view was nearly universally accepted in this early period. Christian theologians, particularly from the fourth century AD onward, began to hold a variety of other atonement ideas in addition to this view, particularly the Ransom theory of atonement. Controversy around atonement doctrine in the early centuries centred on Athanasius' promotion of a mystical view in which Christ had brought salvation through the incarnation itself, by combining both God and humanity in one flesh. This view of atonement required that Jesus be fully divine and fully human simultaneously, and Athanasius became embroiled in controversies on the Trinity and Christology as a result.
Scholars vary widely regarding how much they are willing to see precursors to penal substitution in the writings of some of the Early Church fathers. There is general agreement that no writer in the Early Church taught penal substitution as their primary theory of atonement. Yet some writers appear to reference some of the ideas of penal substitution as an afterthought or as an aside. The ransom theory of atonement, which became popular during the fourth century AD, is a substitutionary theory of atonement, just as penal substitution is. It can therefore be difficult to distinguish intended references to the ransom view by Early Church writers from real penal substitutionary ideas. Patristics scholar J. N. D. Kelly is one of the scholars most willing to see precursors to penal substitution in the Early Church writings, and points to a variety of passages which "picturChrist as substituting himself for sinful men, shouldering the penalty which justice required them to pay, and reconciling them to God by his sacrificial death." While scholar J. S. Romanides disagrees with Kelly's reading of these passages. Instead, he argues that they, like the Eastern Orthodox Church of today, understood humankind as separating themselves from God and placing themselves under the power of sin and death. The work of Christ is viewed, he says, not as a satisfaction of God's wrath or the satisfaction of justice which God was bound to by necessity, but as the work of rescuing us from death and its power. He argues that the notion of penal substitution was never contemplated until Augustine, and was never accepted in any form in the East. Further and similarly to Romanides, Derek Flood argues (through the example of Justin Martyr, Augustine and Athanasius) that the Early Church never held an atonement theory of "penal" substitution but, rather, a "restorative" substitutionary model of the atonement, and that penal substitution was not truly developed until Calvin. Gustaf Aulén, in his classic "Christus Victor", argues that the ransom theory was the dominant understanding of the atonement for over a thousand years and that the penal substitution theory came only after Anselm.
To take patristic examples from among the Latin Fathers, St. Augustine writes that "by His death, the one most true sacrifice offered on our behalf, He purged abolished and extinguished ... whatever guilt we had." This is one of several strands of thought: he expounds the mediating work of Christ, his act of ransoming humankind and also the exemplary aspect of Christ's work. As with his predecessors, such as Justin Martyr c. 100-165 and Gregory of Nazianzus the imagery of sacrifice, ransom, expiation, and reconciliation all appear in his writings—all of these, however, are themes embraced by other atonement models and are not necessarily indicative of penal substitutionary atonement. Gregory of Nazianzus, for example, explicitly denied that Christ died as a payment to God (or to the devil), preferring to say that God accepted Christ's work as a way to rescue humanity, rather than a way to placate God's wrath or purchase forgiveness from God. Augustine's main belief regarding the atonement was not penal substitutionary but, like Gregory's, the classic, or ransom, theory. Irenaeus is another example of an Early Church Father who uses phrases that could be misread as referring to penal substitution, but these phrases 'mainly describe the problem; they do not provide the content of the recapitulation idea'.
The dominant strain in the writing of the Greek Fathers, such as St. Athanasius, was the so-called "physical" theory that Christ, by becoming man, restored the divine image in us; but blended with this is the conviction that his death was necessary to release us from the curse of sin, and that he offered himself in sacrifice for us. For Athanasius, however, Christ's substitution is not a payment to God, but rather a fulfillment of the conditions which are necessary to remove death and corruption from humanity; those conditions, he asserts, exist as consequences from sin.
Anselm and the reformers.
It was not until St. Anselm's famous work "Cur Deus Homo" (1098) that attention was focused on the theology of redemption with the aim of providing more exact definitions (though there is disagreement as to how influential penal conceptions were in the first five centuries). Anselm held that to sin is for man "not to render his due to God." Comparing what was due to God and what was due to the feudal Lord, he argued that what was due to God was honour. "'Honour' comprises the whole complex of service and worship which the whole creation, animate and inanimate, in heaven and earth, owes to the Creator. The honour of God is injured by the withdrawal of man's service which he is due to offer." This failure constitutes a debt, weight or doom, for which man must make satisfaction, but which lies beyond his competence; only if a new man can be found who by perfect obedience can satisfy God's honour and by some work of supererogation can provide the means of paying the existing debt of his fellows, can God's original purpose be fulfilled. So Christ not only lives a sinless life, which is again his due, but also is willing to endure death for the sake of love. Thus, Anselm's view can best be understood from medieval feudalistic conceptions of authority, of sanctions and of reparation. Anselmian satisfaction contrasts with penal substitution in that Anselm sees the satisfaction (i.e. restitution) as an alternative to punishment, "The honour taken away must be repaid, or punishment must follow" (bk 1 ch 8), whereas penal substitution views the punishment as the means of satisfaction.
In order to better understand the historical situation in which Anselm developed his argument one must recall that medieval common law developed out of Germanic tribal law, in which one finds the principle of the "wergild", i.e., the value which a man's life had determined by his social standing within a tribal community. Thus if a man killed a slave, he owed the owner of the slave the amount of money he had paid for the slave or would have to pay to buy another slave of equal worth. If a man killed another free man he forfeited his own life, unless the slain man's family or tribe agreed to accept some amount of money or goods equal to the value of the slain free man's life within his own tribal group. Again, a man's honour is conceived of in terms of his social standing within his own tribal group. Thus, a slave has no honour since he is owned by another, but a free man's social standing is equal to that of another free man within his tribal group, but is subordinate to that of his tribal king. A free man will therefore defend his own honour with his life, or forfeit it (i.e., his social standing within his tribal group) and any affront to his honor by another free man must be repaid by the other man's forfeiting of his own life. Hence the custom of fighting duels. One who committed an affront to another man's honour or would not defend his own affronted honour would be regarded as a coward and suffer outlawry, i.e., he would lose his own social value and standing within his tribe and anyone could kill him without fear of retaliation from the man's tribal group. Thus, since God is infinite, his honour is infinite and any affront to his honour requires from humanity an infinite satisfaction. Furthermore, as humanity's Creator, God is humanity's Master and humanity has nothing of its own with which to compensate for this affront to his honour. God, nevertheless, must require something of equal value to his divine honour, otherwise God would forfeit his own essential dignity as God. Anselm resolves the dilemma thus created by maintaining that since Christ is both God and man he can act as humanity's champion, (i.e., as a man he is a member of humanity—again, conceived of in tribal terms, i.e., Christ is member of the human tribe, with all the standing and social responsibilities inherent in such membership) he can pay the infinite "wergild" that humanity owes for the slighted divine honour, for while the life he forfeits to pay this "wergild" on humanity's behalf is a human life, it is the human life of his divine person & thus has the infinite value proper to his divine person. At the same time, Christ is also God and thus his divine person and his human life, as the human life of his divine person, has infinite value. Thus he offers his human life (with its nevertheless infinite value as the human life of his divine person) as the "wergild" humanity owes his divine Master for his humanity's affront to his divine honour as God. At the same time, Christ as God acts as the champion of the infinite dignity of his own divine honour as God and Master of humanity by accepting as God the infinite value of the "wergild" of his own human life as the human life of his own divine person as the proper and only sufficient "wergild" due to his own divine honour. One might thus interpret Anselm's understanding of the Cross in terms of a duel fought between Christ's identification with humanity as a man and his divine honour as God in which the claims of both his human and divine natures are met, vindicated and thus reconciled.
Broadly speaking, Martin Luther followed Anselm, thus remaining mainly in the "Latin" model identified by Gustaf Aulén. He held, however, that Christ's atoning work encompassed both his active and passive obedience to the law;: as the perfectly innocent God-man, he fulfilled the law perfectly during his life AND he, in his death on the cross, bore the eternal punishment that all men deserved for their breaking the law. Unlike Anselm, Luther thus combines both satisfaction and punishment. Furthermore, Luther rejected the fundamentally legalistic character of Anselm's paradigm in terms of an understanding of the Cross in the more personal terms of an actual conflict between the wrath of God as the sinner and the love of God for the same sinner. For Luther this conflict was real, personal, dynamic and not merely forensic or analogical. If Anselm conceived of the Cross in terms a forensic duel between Christ's identification with humanity and the infinite value and majesty of his divine person, Luther perceived the Cross as a new Götterdammerung, a dramatic, definitive struggle between the divine attributes of God's implacable righteousness against the sinful humanity and inscrutable identification with this same helpless humanity which gave birth to a New Creation, whose undeniable reality could only be glimpsed through faith and whose invincible power worked only through love. One cannot understand the unique character or force of Luther's and the Lutheran understanding of the Cross apart from this dramatic character which is not readily translated into or expressed through the more rational philosophical categories of dogmatic theology, even when these categories are those of Lutheran Orthodoxy itself.
Calvin appropriated Anselm's ideas but changed the terminology to that of the criminal law with which he was familiar—he was trained as a lawyer—reinterpreted in the light of Biblical teaching on the law. Man is guilty before God's judgement and the only appropriate punishment is eternal death. The Son of God has become man and has stood in man's place to bear the immeasurable weight of wrath—the curse, and the condemnation of a righteous God. He was "made a substitute and a surety in the place of transgressors and even submitted as a criminal, to sustain and suffer all the punishment which would have been inflicted on them."
The work of the Reformers, including Zwingli and Philip Melanchthon, was hugely influential. It took away from religion the requirement of works, whether corporal or spiritual, of the need for penances, belief in purgatory, indeed the whole medieval penitential system; and it did so by emphasizing the finality of Christ's work.
Criticisms.
Ever since the doctrine of penal substitution received full expression in the Reformation period, it has been the subject of continual criticism on biblical, moral and logical grounds. A number of 21st-century works provide recent critiques. The first extensive criticism of the penal substitutionary view came during the Reformation period from within the Anabaptist movement, from the pen of Faustus Socinus. He argued that penal substitution was "irrational, incoherent, immoral and impossible." His objections were as follows:
Socinus thought that Jesus was not himself God and that he had not come in the flesh to intentionally die for humanity. Socinus argued against the Trinity. It thus follows as a natural consequence that it would be unjust to punish Jesus for the sins of others. Similarly, his argument that a temporary death of one would not be sufficient to pay for all mankind's sins also flows from his premise that Jesus was only an ordinary man.
Calvin's general framework, coinciding as it did with a rising respect for law, considered as a bulwark against the ferments of war, revolution and civil insurrection, remained normative for Reformed Christians for the next three centuries. Moreover, if Socinus spoke from the point of view of the radical reformers, there were also Catholics for whom the once and for all nature of Christ's redeeming work was in danger of weakening the doctrine of sanctification and the spiritual life of the believer and his or her appropriation of the divine mystery through the sacraments of penance and the Eucharist.
Further, with the development of notions of inalienable personal responsibility in law, the idea of "penal" substitution has become less easy to maintain. In modern law, the punishment of the innocent and the acquittal of the guilty is regarded as the perfect example of injustice. F. W. Dillistone stated that "no strictly penal theology of the atonement can be expected to carry conviction in the world of the twentieth century."
Among the problems identified is that the word "penal" implies an association with law, but the relationship between theological ideas and social institutions such as the law changes. The contemporary argument as to the relationship of human rights to positive law is a modern extension of this.
Secondly, ideas of justice and punishment are not the same in Jewish law, imperial Roman law, sixteenth-century European law and modern common law. Thus, for instance, "satisfaction" and "merit" are understandable within the context of Roman law, but sit less easily within either Old or New Testament conceptions. Likewise, when the word "penal" is used, it raises as many questions about the different theories of punishment, past and present.
Thirdly, in Calvin's work, and subsequently, there is an interplay between legal and cultic language. Words such as "curse", "expiation", "propitiation", "wrath", and "sacrifice" appear together with sixteenth-century legal language. "The framework is legal, the process is cultic. Removal of legal sanctions is equated with freedom of access in worship." Calvin contends that it was necessary for Jesus to suffer through a judicial process and to be condemned as a criminal (even though the process was flawed and Pilate washed his hands of the condemnation), but tying this to the need for sacrifice "proved to be a dead weight upon the thinking and imagining of Reformed Christendom." according to Dillstone.
Next, the two words "expiation" and "propitiation" present problems. It has been argued that the former, which means to purge away, needs to be distinguished from the latter, which means to appease a person, and that it is propitiation which presents the problem for those who are critical of the idea of penal substitution. Karl Barth (and later Jürgen Moltmann) argued that propitiation and expiation are false categories when applied to the triune God: If God forgives us in and through Christ ("Christ pays our debt"), then the cost has been borne by God in, as, and through Christ. For God to propitiate himself is expiation; because expiation is always self-propitiation as it means the forgiver paying the debt (here, the price of the sin) at his own expense. Hence Dietrich Bonhoeffer says grace is free, but is not cheap.
Additionally, a view of human salvation which defines it in terms of once-and-for-all acquittal has to deal with its relationship to subsequent actions and the lives of those not born at the time of the Paschal Mystery.
Some, like Karl Barth, simply criticised the concept of sanctification of God's wrath for being unscriptural.
Replies.
Proponents of penal substitution contend that critics overlook the repeated declarations of Jesus that he intended to die on the cross, and that his death was the very purpose for which he was born on the Earth (). It is irrelevant, they argue, whether it might be unjust to punish an innocent bystander involuntarily, since the actual proposition is one of Jesus offering voluntarily to die on behalf of others, like a soldier throwing himself on a hand grenade to save his fellow soldiers. Jesus himself taught that "greater love has no one than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends" () and repeatedly announced that he was intentionally going to Jerusalem, knowing that he was heading to his death (; ).
Jesus' identity as himself being God is also central to penal substitution. Those who do not believe that Jesus was God visiting the Earth in human form necessarily conclude that God chose a bystander named Jesus to suffer for others. However, those who believe that Jesus was actually God (; ) conclude that God—against whom mankind had sinned—came to accept the penalty upon himself. Thus, they see no injustice in God choosing to come to Earth in order to take humanity's sin upon himself. However, the replies in these two paragraphs do not directly answer the objection that guilt is inherently non-transferable, whether the victim seeks to have it transferred or not. While they show that Jesus was not in the position of being punished involuntarily, they do not show that it is possible or just to punish a willing innocent victim in place of the guilty. J. I. Packer admits that proponents do not know how this could be possible but choose to believe it anyway.
J. I. Packer states that language must be used in a stretched sense. God is not a sixteenth-century monarch, he says, and divine government is not the same as earthly government. He states that Christians should regard all truth of God as an "apprehended mystery," and always hold that God is greater than our formularies. He holds, nonetheless, that penal substitution can be described as a model in a way comparable to how physics uses the term. He defines the term model, in a theological sense, as "explanatory constructs formed to help us know, understand, and deal with God, the ultimate reality." He states that the "mystery of God is more than any one model, even the best, can express." He states that "all the knowledge we can have of the atonement is of a mystery which we can only think and speak by means of models." To Packer, the biblical models are presented as being inspired by God and given to us as "knowledge of the mystery of the cross." The theologian Stephen Sykes has interpreted Packer's account of penal substitution as being presented as a metaphor.
Theologians who advocate penal substitution are keen to define the doctrine carefully, rather than, as Packer says; "the primary question is, not the rationality or morality of God but the remission of one's sins." He suggests that it be seen not as a mechanical explanation (how it works) but rather than kerygmatically (what it means to us). Denney contends that the atonement should not be seen forensically (though as Packer says, Denney avoided the term "penal" in any case). What matters in Packer's view is that "Jesus Christ our Lord, moved by a love that was determined to do everything necessary to save us, endured and exhausted the destructive divine judgement for which we were otherwise inescapably destined, and so won us forgiveness, adoption and glory." Thus, John Stott critiques loveless caricatures of the cross as "a sacrifice to appease an angry God, or ... a legal transaction in which an innocent victim was made to pay the penalty for the crimes of others" as being "neither the Christianity of the Bible in general nor of Paul in particular" and further that "It is doubtful if anybody has ever believed such a crude construction."
Bible passages.
The Bible includes, not merely the story of the Paschal mystery in the Gospels, but also the sources of ideas of the atonement. The Fathers often worked upon biblical quotations, from both Testaments, describing Christ's saving work, sometimes adding one to another from different places in Scripture. Calvin made special appeal to the Suffering Servant passage in and to with its reference to the "Harrowing of Hell"—the release of the spirits of those who had died before Christ. From the former he singled out "But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities; upon him was the chastisement that made us whole, and with his stripes we are healed." Both are set, by Calvin within the context of Pilate's court of judgement to which, according to Dillistone, they do not properly belong; nevertheless, the image of "one who has borne the stripes and the chastisement which should, by strict desert have fallen" upon others, within the divine purpose, is, on all sides agreed to be an essential element in the story.
On the basis of it has been argued that there are, in fact, different models of penal substitution in which ideas of justification work together with redemption and sacrifice (expiation). Thus: "For all alike have sinned and are deprived of the divine glory and all are justified by God's free grace alone through his act of redemption in the person of Christ Jesus. For God designed him to be the means of expiating sin by his death, effective through faith. God meant by this to demonstrate his justice, because in his forbearance he had overlooked the sins of the past, showing that he is himself just and also justified anyone who puts his faith in Jesus."
Recent controversies.
Recently controversy has arisen over a statement made by Steve Chalke that "The cross isn't a form of cosmic child abuse—A vengeful Father punishing his Son for an offense he has not even committed." This sparked a debate in the UK among evangelicals which is cataloged in the book "The Atonement Debate: Papers from the London Symposium on the Theology of Atonement" (Zondervan, 2008). 
The debate has largely been conducted in evangelical circles, though the dismissal of the doctrine of penal substitution on moral grounds by the Anglo-Catholic Dean of St Albans, Jeffrey John, in a broadcast talk during Holy Week 2007 has drawn fire in his direction.
In his book "Mere Christianity" C. S. Lewis mentions that before becoming a Christian, the doctrine of penal substitution had seemed extremely unethical to him, and that while he had since found it to be less so, he nonetheless indicated a preference for a position closer to that of Athanasius, in which Christ's death is seen as enabling us to die to sin by our participation, and not as a satisfaction or payment to justice as such. He also stated, however, that in his view no explanation of the atonement is as relevant as the fact of the atonement. Lewis's "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" in his fantasy fiction series, "The Chronicles of Narnia", depicts the king Aslan surrendering himself to Jadis the White Witch as a substitute for the life of Edmund Pevensie, which appears to illustrate a ransom or Christus Victor approach to the atonement.
George MacDonald, a universalist Christian theologian who was a great influence on Lewis, wrote against the idea that God was unable or unwilling to forgive humans without a substitutionary punishment in his "Unspoken Sermons," and stated that he found the idea to be completely unjust.

</doc>
<doc id="9777790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777790" title="Sacerdotal state">
Sacerdotal state

A sacerdotal state is a state whose head of state is also an ecclesiastical leader designated by a religious body. An example of this kind of state is the Vatican City, whose head of state is the Pope of the Catholic Church. Andorra operates under a semi-sacerdotal system, as one of its co-heads of state is the Bishop of Urgell. In the past it was common for bishops to assume civil as well as clerical power and rule as Prince-Bishops.

</doc>
<doc id="9777804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777804" title="Hong Kong cultural policy">
Hong Kong cultural policy

Hong Kong cultural policy refers to the development and preservation of Hong Kong's arts and cultural heritage. Globally, Hong Kong is perhaps best known for its role as an international financial centre and shopping mecca, and not for its artistic and cultural offerings. The popular stereotype of the city holds that its residents are far too focused on getting and spending to concern themselves with the ephemeral affairs of art and culture. 
Yet in recent years the city's government, residents, and the media have brought more attention to the development of the city's arts scene and preservation of the former British colony's unique cultural heritage. It has been argued that the role of art and culture in Hong Kong has taken on increasing prominence in city's search for an identity in the ten years since China resumed sovereignty over the territory. The limitations on democracy in post-colonial Hong Kong may lead more residents to seek expression or confirmation of their identities through arts and culture.
Cultural policy.
The administration of arts and culture in Hong Kong has undergone major changes since Hong Kong's handover to China in 1997. Cultural matters, previously under the auspices of the two Municipal Councils, now fall mainly under the purview of the Leisure and Cultural Services Department (LCSD) and the Hong Kong Arts Development Council (ADC). The government's formal cultural policy statement is available on the website of the Home Affairs Bureau.
The ADC is a statutory body established in 1995 to replace the former Council of Performing Arts. The ADC is responsible for promoting broad development of the arts, makes recommendations to the government on cultural policy and development and provides funding for cultural organizations. However, the ADC has been criticized for lacking the executive power and resources to implement policies directly. The current chief executive of the ADC, Jonathan Yu, took up his position in April 2005 after more than two decades with the Kowloon–Canton Railway Corporation.
The LCSD organises artistic and cultural activities and manages a number of cultural facilities. LCSD manages 15 performance venues and 16 museums throughout Hong Kong. The Antiquities and Monuments Office, part of the LCSD, is responsible for heritage conservation and education in Hong Kong.
The Culture and Heritage Commission (CHC) was set up in April 2000 to advise on cultural policy and funding priorities. Its Policy Recommendation Report, submitted in April 2003, has been adopted as the blueprint for Hong Kong's cultural policy. The CHC set forth six general principles to guide Hong Kong's cultural policy: The six principles are "people-oriented", "pluralism", "freedom of expression and protection of intellectual property", "holistic approach", "partnership" and "community-driven." 
Other proposed policy reforms include increased corporatization of government-sponsored cultural organizations, small scale public-private partnerships, and the controversial West Kowloon Cultural District Development Project. 
The government has commissioned a number of studies on Hong Kong's creative industries and cultural policy. Yet to date, many of the ongoing policy issues have not been resolved. Critics have complained of the government's over-reliance on advisory committees and consultations in managing cultural affairs on the grounds that it is inefficient and contrary to global trends in arts administration.
Funding and support for the arts.
The Hong Kong government allocates around US $300 million (US$43 per capita) per year. for culture and arts, which accounts for about 1 percent of total government spending. The HKSAR Government claims that this is "broadly comparable to that in some Western countries" such as France. However, in monetary terms, France's per capita spend for culture is 197.20 Euro/US$250 per year. There is due to the fact that Hong Kong's public spending as a percentage of GDP is low compared with other developed nations. On average Government expenditures were more than 40% of GDP in OECD countries in 2001. In 2008 the French government’s expenditure amounted to over 50% of its total GDP, whereas Hong Kong’s figure is around 19%.
In the 2006-2007 Policy Address, Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang announced that the Arts and Sport Development Fund would receive US $5 million to support cultural activities.
The ADC receives an annual subvention of around US $12 million from the Home Affairs Bureau and around US $3 million on average from the Arts and Sports Development Fund. In addition to providing grants to arts groups, the ADC has established an Arts Service Centre in Sheung Wan to provide office space and facilities for smaller arts organizations. 
The LCSD provides funding for the annual Hong Kong Arts Festival and nine professional performing companies: the Hong Kong Philharmonic Orchestra, Hong Kong Chinese Orchestra, Hong Kong Sinfonietta, Hong Kong Dance Company, Hong Kong Ballet, City Contemporary Dance Company, Hong Kong Repertory Theatre, Chung Ying Theatre, Zuni Icosahedron and Theatre Ensemble . In addition to individual events, it also organizes two arts festivals per year: the summer International Arts Carnival for families and children, and a themed arts festival in the fall.
Film industry.
Globally, Hong Kong's most noted contribution in terms of arts and culture has come through its film industry, which is the world's third largest (after Hollywood and Bollywood). Hong Kong films have received worldwide critical acclaim and have been remade into blockbuster films by Hollywood, while Hong Kong directors and actors (such as John Woo, Jackie Chan, Michelle Yeoh and Chow Yun-fat) have gone on to find crossover success in Hollywood.
Hong Kong's film industry has suffered since its last heyday of the 1980s and early 1990s, and the government has recently introduced measures to boost the film industry but this has failed miserably. The death of the Arts in Hong Kong is in large part due to an atmosphere of fear and self-censorship that the Hong Kong Chinese imposed upon themselves after the 1997 handover.
In the 2006-2007 Policy Address the Chief Executive proposed the establishment of a Hong Kong Film Development Council to support film production in the city. In his the 2007-2008 budget, Financial Secretary Henry Tang announced that US$40 million would be earmarked for a new fund to finance film production and professional development within the industry.
Events.
Hong Kong is home to numerous cultural events and festivals throughout the year. 
Arts education.
The Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts is Hong Kong's only tertiary institution devoted to the performing arts, film, television and related technical arts.
Heritage conservation and collective memory.
After the demolition of the Star Ferry Pier in December 2006 led to widely publicized protests, the government is reviewing its policies on heritage conservation. The Antiquities and Monuments Office has published a list of 491 graded historic structures throughout the territory, though no decision has been made on the extent of protection for these buildings.
Hong Kong's collective memory, as manifested in its street markets, food culture, and artisanal traditions, is also being integrated into the city's cultural policy.

</doc>
<doc id="9777822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777822" title="Stade des Lumières">
Stade des Lumières

The Stade des Lumières is 58,000-seat stadium that the French football club Olympique Lyonnais is building near Décines. It will replace its current stadium, Stade de Gerland, in 2015. The cost of the stadium is estimated to be about €250 million.
News.
On 1 September 2008, Olympique Lyonnais president Jean-Michel Aulas announced plans to create a new 60,000-seat stadium, tentatively called "OL Land", to be built on 50 hectares of land located in Décines-Charpieu, a suburb of Lyon. The stadium, if built, will also include state-of-the-art sporting facilities, two hotels, a leisure center, and commercial and business offices. 
On 13 October 2008, the project was agreed upon by the French government, the General Council of Rhône, the Grand Lyon, SYTRAL, and the municipality of Décines for construction with approximately €180 million of public money being used and between €60–80 million coming from the Urban Community of Lyon. However, since the announcement, the club's efforts to get the stadium off the ground have been hindered due to slow administrative procedures, political interests, and various opposition groups, who view the stadium as financially, ecologically, and socially wrong for the taxpayers and community of Décines. The project is finally coming to fruition, with an estimate that the stadium will be completed by 2015, with at least part of a season for breaking in before the 2016 Eurogames. The big question is where the financing will come from, private or public capital? . 
On 22 September 2009, French newspaper L'Équipe reported that "OL Land" had been selected by the French Football Federation as one of the twelve stadiums to be used in the country's bidding for UEFA Euro 2016. The FFF officially made their selections on 11 November 2009 and the city of Lyon was selected as a site to host matches during the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9777827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777827" title="Reggie McElroy">
Reggie McElroy

Reggie McElroy (born March 4, 1960 in Beaumont, Texas) was a National Football League offensive lineman from 1982 through 1996.
Now works as a defensive line coach for the Rolla Bulldogs in Rolla Missouri 

</doc>
<doc id="9777832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777832" title="Amos Kloner">
Amos Kloner

Amos Kloner (born February 26, 1940) is an archaeologist and professor emeritus
in the Martin Szusz Department of the Land of Israel Studies at the Bar Ilan University in Ramat Gan, Israel, where he teaches Hellenistic, Roman and Byzantine archaeology.
Kloner led the Israel Antiquities Authority's excavation of the Talpiot Tomb in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="9777847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777847" title="Spotted rattlesnake">
Spotted rattlesnake

Spotted rattlesnake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9777863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777863" title="Murat Bardakçı">
Murat Bardakçı

Murat Gökhan Bardakçı (born 1955) is a Turkish journalist working on Ottoman history and Turkish music history. He is also a columnist in "Habertürk" newspaper.
Biography.
Bardakçı was born in 1955 in İstanbul. An economist by training, he was trained in Turkish classical music by some of the most-reputed contemporary masters, in tambur and singing at first, with his primary interests directed more towards theory and musical history later. He published several researches on musical history (notably the biographies of the composers Abd al-Qadir Maraghi and Refik Fersan) and with the start of a journalistic career in Hürriyet, expanded the scope of his writings on Ottoman and general Islamic history, with marked emphasis on the 19th and the early-20th centuries. Two of his books on the end of the Ottoman dynasty, "Son Osmanlılar" ("The Last Ottomans") and Şahbaba, a biography of Mehmed VI Vahideddin, became best-sellers in Turkey, the former also having been carried over to the screen in the form a TV serial.
He married Ayşegül Manav in 2009.
Recently, he co-hosts a history program with historian Erhan Afyoncu and a Turkish art historian, Nurhan Atasoy in Haberturk TV.
Talat Pasha's "Black Book".
Murat Bardakçı is the editor of the "Black Book", Ottoman Minister of Interior Talat Pasha's recording of relocations of Turkish-Muslim and Armenian Christian Ottoman citizens in World War I conditions. Published by Bardakçı for the first time in 2005, they were handed over to him by Talat Pasha's widow, Hayriye Talat Bafralı, along with a batch of other documents comprising letters he had sent her and telegrammes exchanged between Committee of Union and Progress members. In April 2006, Bardakçı re-edited the black book in full, adding parts that were missing in the first publication. The 1915-1916 resettlements cited in Talat Pasha Black Book of 702,905 Turks from regions under threat of occupation by Russian forces and of 924,158 Armenians in accordance with 27 May 1915 Tehcir Law are qualified as exposing the genocide by one Armenian source which goes on to recall the clauses of the 1948 UN Convention on Genocide.
Criticism of Wikipedia and disputes.
Bardakçı's view of history and arguments in his columns and programs lead to some disputes in Turkish media. Besides this, he is critical of the accuracy of Wikipedia. Giving the example of his own biography on Wikipedia having falsely put forward that he had 4 children, and emphasizing the negative implications of such an accessible source upon students' academic performance in the form of plagiarism, he declared that (Turkish version) Wikipedia should be banned.

</doc>
<doc id="9777877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777877" title="Qabatiya">
Qabatiya

Qabatiya (, also spelled Qabatia; ) is a Palestinian city located in the Jenin Governorate in the northern West Bank 6 km south of Jenin. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS) census, the town had a population of 19,197 in 2007.
Its total land area consists of 50,547 dunams and it is situated approximately 256m above sea level. Qabatiya is famous for its olive groves, modern agriculture, and limestone industry. It is a part of the Jenin Governorate.

</doc>
<doc id="9777907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777907" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Lamego">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Lamego

The Diocese of Lamego () is a Roman Catholic diocese in Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="9777909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777909" title="New San Jose State Stadium">
New San Jose State Stadium

New San Jose State Stadium was a planned a multi-use stadium in San Jose, California. Scheduled for completion in 2009, it would have been used mostly for soccer and football matches. The stadium was to have been shared by the San Jose State University Spartans football team and a revived San Jose Earthquakes Major League Soccer franchise. The University and real estate developer Lew Wolff, who owns the rights to the Earthquakes, discontinued negotiations over the proposed stadium in April 2007, over revenue sharing and land use issues.
The stadium would have had a capacity of 30,000 people for football and 23,000 for soccer. It would have been built next to, and replaced, the existing Spartan Stadium, on the SJSU South Campus. The location is currently used as practice fields, stadium parking, and for sporting events that do not attract a crowd large enough to justify using the stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9777971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777971" title="Overnight trade">
Overnight trade

Overnight trade refers to the buying or selling of currencies between 9pm and 8am local time. This type of financial transaction occurs when an investor takes a position at the end of the trading day in a foreign market that will be open while the local market is closed. The trade will be executed sometime that evening or early morning.

</doc>
<doc id="9777999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9777999" title="Lee Handley">
Lee Handley

Lee Elmer Handley (July 13, 1913 – April 8, 1970) was a second baseman/third baseman who played in Major League Baseball between and . Nicknamed "Jeep", Handley batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Clarion, Iowa. His younger brother, Gene, also played in the Major Leagues from 1946 to 1947.
Listed at , 160 lb., Handley was a flashy infielder and a disciplinated hitter as well. He reached the majors in 1936 with the Cincinnati Reds, spending one year with them before moving to the Pittsburgh Pirates (1937–41, 1944–46) and Philadelphia Phillies (1947). He was a rookie Pirate regular at second base in 1937, and a full- or part-time third baseman from 1938 through 1941. His most productive season came in 1938, when he posted career-numbers in games played (139), runs (91), hits (153), doubles (25), home runs (6) and runs batted in (51). He also was considered in the Most Valuable Player vote.
In 1939 Handley hit a career-high average of .285 and tied for the National League lead in stolen bases (17), despite suffering a serious beaning that kept him out of the lineup for 52 games. He also was hurt in an automobile accident before the 1942 season, but returned in 1945 to hit .298 in 98 games.
In a 10-season career, Handley was a .269 hitter with 15 home runs and 297 RBI in 968 games, including a solid 1.31 walk-to-strikeout ratio (267-to-204).
An alumnus of Bradley University, Handley died of an apparent heart attack in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, at the age of 56.

</doc>
<doc id="9778036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778036" title="The Tower of Zanid">
The Tower of Zanid

The Tower of Zanid is a science fiction novel written by L. Sprague de Camp, the sixth book of his "Viagens Interplanetarias" series and the fourth of its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna. Chronologically it is the seventh Krishna novel. It was first published in the magazine "Science Fiction Stories" for May 1958. It was first published in book form in hardcover by Avalon Books, also in 1958, and in paperback by Airmont Books in 1963. It has been reissued a number of times since by various publishers. For the later standard edition of Krishna novels it was published together with "The Virgin of Zesh" in the paperback collection The Virgin of Zesh & The Tower of Zanid by Ace Books in 1983. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29, 2011 as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form. The novel has also been translated into Italian and German.
"The Tower of Zanid" was de Camp's last Krishna novel for a quarter century, the next one ("The Hostage of Zir") not appearing until 1977.
As with all of the "Krishna" novels, the title of "The Tower of Zanid" has a "Z" in it, a practice de Camp claimed to have devised to keep track of them. Short stories in the series do not follow the practice, nor do "Viagens Interplanetarias" works not set on Krishna.
Plot summary.
Anthony Fallon, the Terran deposed as king of the Krishnan island of Zamba in the earlier novel "The Queen of Zamba", has fallen on hard times, having failed to regain his throne and lost his second wife Julnar as well. Currently he resides in Zanid, capital of the kingdom of Balhib, where he makes a precarious living as a city guardsman and spy for the nomad realm of Qaath.
Fallon's life is made more complicated when Terran consul Percy Mjipa enlists him to help archaeologist Julian Fredro study the Safq, an ancient snail-shaped tower forbidden to all but members of the native Yeshite cult. Fallon is also to look into recent disappearances of Terran scientists in the region. Mjipa, introduced in this novel as a secondary character, would go on to appear in three other Krishna novels; the chronologically earlier "The Hostage of Zir" and "The Prisoner of Zhamanak" (the latter as the protagonist), and the chronologically later "The Swords of Zinjaban".
Balancing Fallon's mutually exclusive allegiances while continuing to work toward recovering his kingdom is a difficult undertaking, which he realizes could prove fatal–particularly when the Safq turns out to be hosting a secret project to reproduce Terran weaponry as an ace in the hole for the war with Qaath. Then in the climactic battle the Qaathians unleash their own secret weapon, designed and built by the captive scientists. In the ensuing chaos Fallon figures the best thing to do is cut and run with the proceeds of his espionage, only to be undone by the fallout of a rare good deed, his earlier rescue of missionary Welcome Wagner. 
Anthony Fallon would reappear, reformed, in the later Krishna novel "The Swords of Zinjaban" as a Terran official.
Setting.
The planet Krishna is de Camp's premier creation in the Sword and Planet genre, representing both a tribute to the Barsoom novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs and an attempt to "get it right", reconstructing the concept logically, without what he regarded as Burroughs' biological and technological absurdities. De Camp intended the stories as "pure entertainment in the form of light, humorous, swashbuckling, interplanetary adventure-romances - a sort of sophisticated Burroughs-type story, more carefully thought out than their prototypes."
As dated in the 1959 version of de Camp's essay "The Krishna Stories" and James Cambias's "GURPS Planet Krishna" (a 1997 gaming guide to the "Viagens" series authorized by de Camp), the action of "The Virgin of Zesh" takes place in the year 2168 AD., falling between "The Bones of Zora" and "The Swords of Zinjaban", and making it the eleventh story set on Krishna in terms of chronology.
Reception.
P. Schuyler Miller called the book "a back-handed sequel to 'The Queen of Zamba,'" noting that its hero "was the rather off-stage villain of the earlier book." He finds it "fun, but it would be a better book and even more fun except for the author's ingrown integrity," because of which "languages, titles and names of the various races are worked out to the last detail, with proper attention for dialect, and the resulting jawbreakers are pretty hard to remember, the translation into English is deliberately awkward-sounding, and there isn't quite enough "zing" in the book to be worth the trouble." Comparing it to "Rogue Queen", which he considers "the masterpiece of the Viagens series," he notes that "[this isn't." Later, commenting on the Airmont paperback reprint, he sums it up as a "Viagens adventure yarn" in which a "typical de Campian reluctant hero attempt to become a king on Krishna."
Floyd C. Gale, noting that "De Camp can buckle a swash with the best," characterizes it as "an inverse success story, or riches to rags on Krishna," as de Camp's "unsavory Earthman hero ... goes through amusing anguish trying to regain this crown."

</doc>
<doc id="9778049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778049" title="Jimmy Williams (linebacker)">
Jimmy Williams (linebacker)

James Henry Williams (born 1960) is a former American Football linebacker who played mainly for the Detroit Lions in an 11 year career that lasted from 1982 to 1993 in the National Football League. He is currently the defensive line coach for the Eastern Michigan University football team.
Williams played college football at University of Nebraska where he was an All-American defensive end. He came into Nebraska as only a walk-on. He was drafted in the first round of the 1982 NFL Draft by the Lions, as the 15th overall pick.

</doc>
<doc id="9778067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778067" title="Giovanni Vacca (doctor)">
Giovanni Vacca (doctor)

Professor Giovanni Vacca MD is an Italian physiologist. He is currently professor of physiology at the University of Eastern Piedmont, Novara Italy and Dean of the medical school of the same university.
His main research interest is cardiovascular physiology.

</doc>
<doc id="9778089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778089" title="Mary, Mary (play)">
Mary, Mary (play)

Mary, Mary is a play by Jean Kerr. The play became one of the longest-running productions of the decade. 
After two previews, the Broadway production opened on March 8, 1961 at the original Helen Hayes Theatre (demolished in 1982), where it ran for nearly three years and nine months before transferring to the Morosco where it closed in December 1964, after 1572 performances. Directed by Joseph Anthony, the original cast starred Barbara Bel Geddes as Mary, Barry Nelson as Bob, Michael Rennie as Dirk, John Cromwell as Oscar, and Betsy Von Furstenberg as Tiffany. Bel Geddes was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play.
Later in the run, Nancy Olson and Inger Stevens were among those who assumed the role of Mary, while Bob was portrayed by George Grizzard, Murray Hamilton, and Tom Poston. Hiram Sherman replaced Cromwell as Oscar, Edward Mulhare and Michael Wilding appeared as Dirk, and Carrie Nye was cast as Tiffany.
Plot.
The plot focuses on wisecracking cynic Mary and infuriatingly sensible Bob, only recently divorced and who haven't seen each other in nine months, who meet at his apartment in the hope they can avert an audit by the IRS. A snowstorm forces Mary to spend the night, and the following morning mutual friend and lawyer Oscar, Hollywood heartthrob and neighbor Dirk Winston, and Bob's considerably younger fiancée Tiffany arrive on the scene. The comedy's humor is derived from discussions about income taxes, marriage, alimony, divorce, remarriage, extra-marital affairs, weight-loss programs, exercise, and sex. 
Film.
Richard L. Breen adapted Kerr's play for a 1963 film version directed by Mervyn LeRoy. Nelson, Rennie, and Sherman reprised their stage roles, with Debbie Reynolds as Mary and Diane McBain as Tiffany. It opened at Radio City Music Hall to lukewarm reviews. The play ran far longer than the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="9778093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778093" title="David Levi (Italy)">
David Levi (Italy)

Davide Levi (1816 in Chieri - October 18, 1898 in Venice) was an Italian poet and patriot.
Biography.
Educated at the Jewish schools of his native town and Vercelli, he for a short time followed a mercantile career. In 1835 he went to the University of Parma, and later to that of Pisa, but he had to leave the latter on account of a duel in which he wounded a fellow student whom he had challenged for having made an insulting remark about the Jews. Having passed his examination as doctor of law, he went in 1839 to Paris. The university ideals of a united, free Italy had found a strong follower in Levi, who had become a member of the irredentist society La Giovane Italia. In Paris he belonged to the circle of Italian patriots; and, on returning to Italy, he soon became one of the leaders in the political movement for the secession of northern Italy from the Austrian Empire and for the union of all the Italian states.
Settling in Venice, Levi took part in the Lombardic rebellion against Austria of 1848-49. In 1850 he removed to Turin. After the Franco-Italian-Austrian War of 1859, when the Italian provinces of Austria were united with the Kingdom of Italy (1860), he was elected to the Italian assembly at Florence, where, as a member of the Liberal Party, he championed the cause of equality of rights and religious freedom. He was a member of the National Assembly until 1879, when, being defeated, he retired from politics.
Levi wrote many poems, especially during his stay at Venice, and a large number of political and war songs, among these the well-known ode to Pope Pius IX, who in 1846, upon his election to the papal chair, was hailed as liberator, but who in 1849 changed his political views and became strongly reactionary. Through all Levi's works his great love for Italy and for Judaism is evident.
Levi was the author of: "Patria ed Affetti" (Venice, 1849), a collection of poems; "Gli Martiri del 1799" (Turin, 1850), a drama; "Martirio e Redenzione" (ib. 1859); "Del Navarra a Magenta" (ib. 1866; revised ed., 1884, with a fantastic allegorical dialogue as a second part); "Vita di Pensiero" (Milan, 1875); "Vita d'Azione" (Turin, 1882); "Il Semitismo" (ib. 1884); "La Mente di Michelangelo" (ib. 1890); "Giordano Bruno" (ib. 1894).
"Il Profeta".
Levi's principal work, however, is the great drama "Il Profeta." Its theme Levi describes in his introduction as follows: "I intend to hold a mirror before my contemporaries, in which they may see their errors, faults, and mistakes, and thereby learn to despise them; at the same time placing before them a high ideal, which they should strive to live up to." To this end he selected the story of Jeremiah. The drama treats in five acts of the war between Zedekiah and Nebuchadnezzar. Jeremiah foresees the fall of Jerusalem, if the people do not give up their worship of Baal, repent of their sins, and return to the only true God. Jeremiah the prophet and Ananias, the priest of Baal, respectively exhort and try to persuade the king and the Jews to follow them. Ananias is successful; Jeremiah is thrown into prison; and Jerusalem falls when attacked by the invading army. The Temple is destroyed, and the Jews are led into captivity. Jeremiah's prophecy is fulfilled.
When Jeremiah is thrown into prison his daughter Rachel falls into the hands of Ananias, who tries to win her for himself. His suit proving unsuccessful, he orders her to be sacrificed to Moloch, when God intercedes. Lightning kills Ananias, and Rachel is liberated by her lover, Emanuel. The last words of Ananias are: "Uno Infinito hai vinto" (end of Act 3). Emanuel joins the ranks of the defender of Jerusalem, is mortally wounded, and dies in the arms of his beloved. Spiritually Jewdom has conquered over heathendom, and Rachel has returned pure to her lover; but physically Jewdom is defeated. Rachel loses her lover and must go into exile; this exile will, however, purify not the Jews alone, but through them the world, and will prepare man for a better future.
The dialogue which follows the drama in the 1884 edition has very little connection with it. It is sustained by Emanuel, the representative of prophetism, and by Ahasuerus, the representative of mankind, and treats mainly of Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="9778101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9778101" title="Charles Hastings (Canadian physician)">
Charles Hastings (Canadian physician)

Charles John Colwell Orr Hastings, (born in Markham Township, Canada, 23 August 1858; died in Toronto 17 January 1931) was an obstetrician and public health pioneer.
Biography.
Dr. Hastings lost his daughter to typhoid because of contaminated milk. At that time, Toronto also had no sewage treatment, and used unchlorinated water from Lake Ontario. In middle age, Hastings switched from a normal career in obstetrics to an outstanding one in public health.
As Toronto's Medical Officer of Health (1910–29) Hastings crusaded to make Toronto the first city in Canada to pasteurize milk. He introduced a safe water supply, eliminated privies, helped establish the public-health nursing system, medical and dental inspection in public schools, neighbourhood baby clinics, childhood immunizations, and health inspections for homes and restaurants. The improvements lowered Toronto's death rate from communicable diseases from 15.3 per 1000 in 1909 to 10.3 per 1000 in 1925. Hastings became president of the Canadian Public Health Association in 1916 and the American Public Health Association in 1918.
Prior to the 20th century, cities were so unhealthy that their populations grew only via migration from the countryside. Pioneering public health advocates like Hastings greatly contributed to the quality of modern life. By 1922, Toronto had the lowest death rate of large North American cities. Toronto was well regarded in public health by international medical professionals and the League of Nations.

</doc>
