<doc id="9742057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742057" title="Triumphs of Caesar (Mantegna)">
Triumphs of Caesar (Mantegna)

The Triumphs of Caesar are a series of nine large paintings created by the Italian Renaissance artist Andrea Mantegna between 1484 and 1492 
for the Gonzaga Ducal Palace, Mantua. They depict a triumphal military parade celebrating the victory of Julius Caesar in the Gallic Wars. Acknowledged from the time of Mantegna as his greatest masterpiece, they remain the most complete pictorial representation of a Roman triumph ever attempted and together they form the world's largest metric area of renaissance paintings outside Italy. Acquired by Charles I in 1629, they now form part of the Royal Collection at Hampton Court Palace in Greater London. Originally painted in the fragile medium of egg and glue tempera on canvas, the paintings underwent successive repaintings and restorations through the centuries. In the 1960s a careful restoration to reveal the original paintwork was conducted on all but the seventh canvas, where no trace had been left by previous restorers. Although now mere shadows of Mantegna's cinquecento paintings, they still convey a powerful impression of epic grandeur. In the words of Anthony Blunt, who as Surveyor of the Queen's Pictures supervised the restoration, "The "Triumphs" may be a ruin but it is a noble one, one as noble as those of ancient Rome which Mantegna so deeply admired." Art critic Tom Lubbock called the series " the epitome of Renaissance art in the service of state power – they carry a powerful sense of inexorable procession – impressing the viewer with the inexhaustible quantity of available power and plunder." 
"We can see grouped and cleverly arranged in the Triumph the ornate and beautiful chariot, the figure of a man cursing the victorious hero, the victor's relations, the perfumes, incense and sacrifices, the priests, the bulls crowned for sacrifice, the prisoners, the booty captured by the troops, the rank of the squadrons, the elephants, the spoils, the victories and the cities represented in various chariots, along with a mass of trophies on spears, and with helmets and armour, headgear of all kinds, ornaments and countless pieces of plate." - Giorgio Vasari 
Origins and setting.
The "Triumphs of Caesar" were initially painted during 1484-1492 for the Ducal Palace in Mantua, commissioned by either the Duke Federico I Gonzaga or, more likely, his son Francesco II.
Sources and themes.
The series depicts Caesar on a triumphal chariot returning from his successful campaigns, in a procession of Roman soldiers, standard-bearers, musicians and the spoils of war including an assortment of booty (including arms, intricate sculpture and gold vases), exotic animals and captives. These paintings celebrate two of Julius Caesar's greatest campaigns – his victory over the Gauls and the recovery of Pontus in Asia Minor. Mantegna was inspired by written accounts of Caesar's celebratory processions through Rome as well as Roman antiquities in the Duke's collection. Each canvas measures 2.66 x 2.78 m. In total they cover an area more than 70 metres square. The works were painted in tempera, using egg yolk and glue to bind the pigment.
Reception and influence.
The "Triumphs of Caesar" were described as "the best thing Mantegna ever painted" by Giorgio Vasari in his celebrated Lives of the Artists.
They rapidly became extremely famous throughout Europe, principally through copies in print form, of which many different versions were made, starting with a contemporary set from Mantegna's own workshop. Between 1517 and 1519, Hans Holbein the Younger, using prints, painted a copy of the work on nine exterior panels of the Hertenstein House in Lucerne, now demolished. Andrea Aspertini (1558-1629) made prints of the paintings in Mantua.
History of the "Triumphs".
The Gonzaga dynasty was overthrown in the late 16th century, and the major part of their painting collection was acquired by Charles I of England in 1629, using as an agent in Italy, the courtier Daniel Nys. The collection also included works by Titian, Raphael and Caravaggio. They arrived in 1630 at Hampton Court Palace, where they have remained ever since. The Lower Orangery was originally built to house Mary II of England's collection of botanical specimens. It was chosen as a setting for the series, since it re-creates the interior of the "Palace of San Sebastiano" in Mantua, Italy, where the paintings were hung from 1506 in a specially built gallery. The paintings are displayed as a continuous frieze, separated by small columns.
After the execution of Charles I in 1649, the "Triumphs" were listed in an inventory and valued at 1,000 pounds; (£ as of ) the entire Gonzaga acquisition cost 25,000 pounds.(£ as of ). Oliver Cromwell refrained from selling these paintings, almost alone among Charles's collection, due to their fame, and perhaps as they celebrated a general like himself rather than a monarch or Catholic religious theme.
Restoration.
The paintings had so deteriorated that visitors in the 19th century deplored their condition. Today eight of the paintings have been restored, however the painting entitled "The Captives" remains uncleaned during the 1962-1974 restoration as no original paint lay below the surface. They are displayed in dim electric light.

</doc>
<doc id="9742062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742062" title="Toyota Ractis">
Toyota Ractis

The Toyota Ractis is a subcompact car produced by the Japanese automakers Toyota and Kanto Auto Works. It is a five-seated vehicle based on the Vitz, and was introduced in October 2005 as the successor of the Yaris Verso. The name "Ractis" is derived from "Run", "Activity" and "Space". 
First generation (2005–2010).
The first generation was initially only sold in Japan. Sales in Hong Kong started from October 2009.
Second generation (2010–present).
The second generation Ractis was unveiled at the 2010 Paris Motor Show as the Toyota Verso-S. The Ractis is produced at the Iwate plant by Kanto Auto Works.
The introduction of the Verso-S will mark the re-entry of Toyota into the European B-MPV segment. When it hits the market, the Verso-S will have the shortest overall length of any MPV in its class in Europe.
The Verso-S is available with a choice of two engines, a 1.33-liter gasoline unit or a 1.4-liter D-4D turbo diesel, both mated to a 6-speed manual gearbox. The gasoline derivative is also offered with an optional, Multidrive S, automatic continuously variable transmission (CVT), which features a 7-speed, sequential paddle shift mode. The gasoline model delivers a combined fuel economy of 5.5 lt/100 km mpg US and CO2 emissions of 127 g/km, and the diesel model, 4.3 lt/100 km mpg US and 113 g/km respectively.
Subaru Trezia.
Subaru announced a rebadged OEM version of the Ractis for the Japanese market on November 29, 2010. Known as the Subaru Trezia (トレジア), the badge engineered model receives unique bumpers, grille, bonnet, front fenders, headlights, rear finisher and taillight lenses. The name "Trezia" derives from the English language word "treasure".
Engines available comprise the 1.3-liter '"1NR-FE" and 1.5-liter "1NZ-FE", coupled with an automatic continuously variable transmission (CVT). Front-wheel drive is offered as the entry-level layout for both engines, with all-wheel drive available as an upgrade on the 1.5-liter version.
In January 2011, Subaru debuted an STI tuned "Trezia STI" at the Tokyo Auto Salon. 

</doc>
<doc id="9742075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742075" title="Adaptations of The Picture of Dorian Gray">
Adaptations of The Picture of Dorian Gray

Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray (1890) has inspired many cinematic, literary, and artistic adaptations. 
Film and television.
Listed in chronological order of release or broadcast.

</doc>
<doc id="9742095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742095" title="Winai Kraibutr">
Winai Kraibutr

Winai Kraibutr (, born June 16, 1970 in Krabi Province) is a Thai actor and Thai Muslim of Malay descent. He has appeared in a number of films that have achieved significant success at the Thai box office. He is considered a bankable star in Thailand and has achieved minor international exposure through the international release of "Bang Rajan". Despite his considerable success in his home country, he has also appeared in a joint Khmer-Thai low-budget film from Cambodia called "The Snake King's Child".

</doc>
<doc id="9742106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742106" title="Kala language">
Kala language

Kela, or Kala, is an Austronesian language spoken by about 2500 people (in 1997) in several villages along the south coast of the Huon Gulf between Salamaua Peninsula and the Paiawa River, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea. The principal villages are Keila/Kêla, Logui/Laugwêc, Laukanu, Lababia, Buso, and Kui. Linguistically, Kela belongs to the North Huon Gulf languages and Kela-speakers appear to have arrived on the southern coast of the Gulf relatively recently, beginning perhaps as late as the 17th century (Bradshaw 1997).
Morphology.
Names.
Like most of the languages around the Huon Gulf, Kela has a system of birth-order names (Holzknecht 1989: 43-45). The seventh son is called "No Name": "se-mba" 'name-none'. Compare Numbami.

</doc>
<doc id="9742125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742125" title="Louise Henderson">
Louise Henderson

Dame Louise Etiennette Sidonie Henderson, DBE (21 April 1902 - 27 June 1994) was a New Zealand artist and painter. 
Born in Paris, she was raised there and it was there she met her future husband Hubert Henderson, a New Zealander. Hubert returned to New Zealand in 1923 and proposed to Louise, but propriety demanded that a single woman not travel alone to New Zealand. She was married to Hubert by proxy at the British Embassy in Paris before emigrating to New Zealand in 1925 and settling with her husband in Christchurch where she began studies at the Canterbury School of Art. After earning her diploma in 1931 she went on to teach at the school.
In 1933 she gave birth to their only child, a daughter Diane.
In the early 1940s Henderson moved to Wellington and became interested in modernist concerns after seeing a number of cubist inspired paintings by John Weeks, who she was corresponding with. In 1950 the family moved to Auckland and she attended the Elam School of Art but was frustrated by its conservatism. She continued to work in John Weeks' studio, however and her work of this period becomes increasingly abstract and intellectual.
In 1952, at Weeks's urging, and with her husband's support, Louise Henderson returned to Paris for a year to improve her knowledge of modern painting. She studied there with Jean Metzinger. On her return to Auckland she was recognised as one of the leading Modernist painters. An exhibition of Henderson's adaptations of the cubist style was held at the Auckland City Art Gallery shortly after she returned from Paris in 1953. This show combined with exhibitions over following years in both Auckland and Wellington established her reputation as a modern artist of note. 
She continued to employ a cubist approach, at times almost totally non-figurative, for the rest of her painting life. In the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s Henderson frequently chose still-life subjects as the starting point for paintings. All these works contain facetted abstraction in a traditionally cubist manner but still retain enough figurative fragments to enable the subject to be easily recognised. 
Henderson continued to be an active painter well into her eighties. Her outstanding contribution to New Zealand painting was recognised in 1973 through the granting of a Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council fellowship.
Honours.
She was honoured with a damehood in 1993, a year before her death on 27 June 1994, aged 92.
External links.
Cleanup

</doc>
<doc id="9742151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742151" title="Stéphane Ducret">
Stéphane Ducret

Stéphane Ducret is a Swiss contemporary artist born in 1970 in Lausanne, Switzerland, and living in Buenos Aires, Argentina since 2006.
Life.
Ducret studied at the Geneva University of Art (ESAV). He was commissioned to make large-scale paintings by the Geneva Hospital (1998) and by the Geneva International Conference Center (1999) before moving to New York City. He showed his work at the Bronx Museum of the Arts (2000) among others, and founded the Point Gallery (2000–2002).
He has shown his work at Edward Mitterrand Gallery, Geneva (2002), l’elac (2002, 2003), the Musée des Beaux-Arts, Lausanne (2003, 2004, 2005), Synospsism Gallery, Lausanne (2005, 2006, 2007), FAC (Forum d’art contemporain), Sierre (2006), Centre PasquArt, Bienne (2006), he was awarded by The Fondation leenaards in 2003.
Works.
His work from 'The Rebirth of the Cool' series has a fluid geometric abstraction that reflects the “media propaganda (publicity and cinema, television and women's magazines)” that speaks about “the love at first sight, the passion (...), love with a capital letter” according to Michel Onfray » (Michel Onfray: La Puissance d’exister, Editions Grasset & Fasquelle, 2006).
For 'The Origin of the World', Stéphane Ducret refers to the fact that people spend so little time in front of the artworks during the exhibitions… He reproduces a selection of the great masterpieces of art history in their original dimensions with a slight change: he makes all the details vanish, since only a close and longer observation of the artwork would have allowed to detect. His technique is to increase digitally the size of the pixels, decreasing their number and, at the same time, the photographic quality of the image (Technique: Lambda print on high gloss paper, fixed in between two transparent and shiny acrylic panes, 4mm each (like a sandwich), mounted on a smaller and invisible aluminum frame).
One Person Exhibitions.
2013
Stéphane Ducret + Bret Slater, annex14, Raum für aktuelle Kunst, Zürich
Primeros capítulos distraídos, el mirador espacio, Buenos Aires
2012
Stéphane Ducret and Christian Stuker, curated by Murs Porteurs, Clinique De La Prairie, Montreux
Gribouillis, GAS | GenevArtSpace, Genève
2011
Gribouillis, Happiness is Happening, Genève
Red Cross Ball, Morges
Stéphane Ducret, Changarrito, Buenos Aires
2009
Cross Platform (with Thierry Feuz), Imagenic Agency, Genève
Diamonds are Forever, Galería del Paseo, Manatiales/Punta del Este
2008
Diamonds are Forever, Espace R, Genève
717 años (with Jorge Pereira), Cámara de Comercio Suizo Argentina, Buenos Aires
Shiny Happy People (The Facebook Project), The Art Floor, Genève
Group Exhibitions.
2013
PANTONE ® K 2013, Usine Kugler - Art contemporain, Genève 
44e Salon des Antiquaires, Galerie Laurent Marthaler, Lausanne
Usine genevoise de dégrossissage d’or, Forde, Genève
Geometría: Desvíos y Desmesuras, Fundación OSDE, Buenos Aires
2012
Collection d’art de la BCV, Fondation de l’Hermitage, Lausanne
2011
KUGLER REMIX 2011, Usine Kugler - Art contemporain, Genève
Autour de l’abstraction géométrique, Collection d’art BCV, Lausanne
2010
SEXYY X’MAS, Galerie ©MARENDAZ, Genève
Point de vue, Galerie Cheminée Nord, Genève
Sweet People, Compact Space, Los Angeles
Impressiones profundas y duraderas, curated by Leila Bustamante, Centro Cultural Borges, Buenos Aires
Sweet People, Galerie Synopsism, Lausanne
Vanitas, Hania Bailly Contemporary, Genève
2009
tendances | contemporary artists in review 2008, The Art Floor, Genève
2008
arteBA, Angel Guido Art Project, Buenos Aires
Galería del Paseo, Manatiales/Punta del Este (Uruguay)

</doc>
<doc id="9742153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742153" title="Frankopan (disambiguation)">
Frankopan (disambiguation)

Frankopan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9742159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742159" title="Isotron">
Isotron

Isotron is the trade name for a shortwave antenna marketed by Bilal Co. for use as an amateur radio transmitting antenna for restricted spaces. It is physically short as compared to a dipole antenna for a given frequency. It consists of a coil placed between two angled sheet metal plates.

</doc>
<doc id="9742170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742170" title="Otter Lake (Illinois)">
Otter Lake (Illinois)

Otter Lake is a 765-acre (3.0 km²) reservoir in Macoupin County, Illinois. It is located 6 miles (10 km) west of Girard. The reservoir is named after Otter Creek, a tributary of Macoupin Creek and the Illinois River.
Otter Creek was dammed to provide flood control, water-based recreation, and a source of clean water for North Otter and South Otter Townships within Macoupin County. Recreation centers on fishing opportunities, with the lake managed for striped bass, crappie, and muskie.
There is a strictly-enforced power limit on the lake, with motors banned if stronger than 115 horsepower. The lake is troubled by sedimentation, with riprap applied to many patches of shoreline to reduce (but not eliminate) erosion of silt into the lake. Historically, quantities of atrazine have entered the lake from nearby farm fields to which the chemical is applied.

</doc>
<doc id="9742178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742178" title="Clyde Robert Bulla">
Clyde Robert Bulla

Clyde Robert Bulla
(b. January 9, 1914, near King City, Missouri, United States, d. May 23, 2007, Warrensburg, Missouri) was the author of over fifty books for children. His first book, "The Donkey Cart", was published in 1946. His autobiography, "A Grain of Wheat: A Writer Begins", was published in 1985. The book referred to an essay he wrote in 1924 for the St. Joseph Gazette in which he tied with 100 others for third-place to write about a grain of wheat.

</doc>
<doc id="9742221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742221" title="Rathnure">
Rathnure

Rathnure () is a small village on the R731 regional road about from the town of Enniscorthy, County Wexford, Ireland. The village is located at the foot of the Blackstairs Mountain, which borders County Carlow on the opposite side.
Attractions.
Local attractions include the natural scenery, the John Kelly Memorial and grave in Kilanne, and the Monksgrange House. The house, which is owned by the Hill family and was built in 1769, contains a Norman art gallery, which also exhibits works by contemporary Irish artists such as William Scott, Harry Kernoff and Hilda Roberts. Monksgrange has frequently played host to the performances of the Blackstairs Opera.
Sport.
Gaelic games.
Rathnure is famous for the Rathnure St. Annes Gaelic Athletic Association Club, which was once a proud dual club (Nicky Rackard having represented Wexford in both codes) but this legacy has been somewhat diminished over the last twenty years to the extent that Rathnure now fails to field a team in football.Rathnure hold 20 county senior hurling titles and 6 leinster titles a record in the county not to be defeated for many years to come

</doc>
<doc id="9742232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742232" title="None Shall Escape">
None Shall Escape

None Shall Escape is a 1944 war film. Even though the film was made during World War II, the setting is a post-war Nuremberg-style war crimes trial. Alexander Knox plays Wilhelm Grimm, a Nazi officer who is on trial, and the story unfolds through the eyes of several witnesses, including a Catholic priest, Father Warecki (Henry Travers), Grimm's brother Karl (Erik Rolf), and Marja Paeierkowski (Marsha Hunt), a woman that he was once engaged to.
Alfred Neumann and Joseph Than were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Story.
Plot.
In the trial, it is revealed that Grimm (Alexander Knox), who fought for Germany in World War I and lost a leg in battle, returns after the war to the small German village (now in newly independent Poland) where he had been a teacher. Despite the recent hostilities, he is welcomed back into the community and resumes his teaching. He also resumes his relationship with Paeierkowski, a local Polish girl to whom he had become engaged before the war.
He is bitter about Germany losing the war and it is obvious he has been changed by the experience. He treats the villagers with disdain, and his upcoming marriage is cancelled. Taunted by the school's pupils, he rapes one of them, who subsequently kills herself. After a trial fails to convict him, he returns to Germany after borrowing money from the priest, joins the Nazi Party, and rises through the ranks of the party.
When the Nazis come to power, he even sends his brother Karl to a concentration camp and gets his brother's son into the Hitler Youth. When World War II starts, Grimm becomes the commander of the occupying force of the same village where he had previously lived. He treats the villagers brutally, including Father Ezekiel and his former fiancée. His nephew eventually turns against Grimm's brutality and renounces his Nazi allegiance, with tragic results.

</doc>
<doc id="9742241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742241" title="Don Army">
Don Army

The Don Army () was the military of the short lived Don Republic and a part of the White movement in the Russian Civil War. It operated from 1918 to 1920, in the Don region and centered in the town of Novocherkassk. 
History.
After the October Revolution in 1917, a conflict in the Don broke out between the "Red" Bolsheviks and "White" Don Cossacks.
In Novocherkassk, an assembly of Cossacks, the "Krug", elected Alexei Kaledin as the first independent ataman sinces the days of Peter the Great. They refused to recognise the Bolshevik government and declared themselves protectors of Russia.
On December 2 (old style calendar), Kaledin's Cossacks seized Rostov-on-Don, driving out the Bolshevik authorities and setting up a government headed by Mitrofan Petrovich Bogayevsky.
The Bolshevik resistance, centered in the Kamenskaya stanitsa, was joined by an army sent by Moscow.
Kaledin, feeling powerless to oppose the Bolsheviks, shot himself on January 29, 1918. He was replaced by major-general Anatoly Mikhailovich Nazarov. Nazarov requested help from the Volunteer Army, but was refused it. His resignation was turned down by the krug, who insisted that he fulfill his duty as a 'true son of the Quiet Don'.
He decided to end the civil war by capitulating to the Bolsheviks and met with the Red representative, Sablin. Sablin refused to recognise the authority of the Ataman and declared that the Cossacks should be destroyed. In the evening of February 1918, a detachment of the Red Army, under Lt. N. M. Golubov, broke up a meeting of the krug, arresting Nazarov and the chairman, Voloshinov. They were shot without trial on March 3. A policy of Red Terror was carried out along the Don.
Several stanitsas revolted and on April 3, 1918 formed a new Don army. 
On May 12, 1918, a special krug (the krug for the salvation of the Don) declared the old rights and uniforms restored and declared war upon the Bolsheviks. Pyotr Krasnov, a talented soldier and writer, was elected as the new Ataman. 
In the Summer and Fall of 1918, the White Don Army controlled the Don territory, severed Red Army communications between Moscow and the Caucasus (allowing the White Volunteer Army to defeat the Red Army of the Northern Caucasus) and threatened Red Army positions at Tsaritsyn and Voronezh, as well as Rostov-na-Donu.
Much of the Upper Don region, in 1918, had defected to the Bolsheviks, but as a result of the Red Terror, in 1919, rose up in arms against them, in what was known as the "Veshenskaya Uprising." The main leaders were Pavel Nazarovich Kudinov and Kharlampii Yermakov. They joined forces with the Don Army centered in Novocherkassk, which was commanded by Ataman Afrikan Bogayevsky. These events form an important part of Mikhail Sholokhov's epic, And Quiet Flows the Don. Indeed, for a long time, Kudinov and Yermakov, who appear in the novel, were considered as fictional by the general public.
In the Winter of 1918-1919, the Red Southern Front, including their Group Kozhevnikov, 8th Army, 9th Army, and 10th Army, counterattacked the Don Army and regained control of the area northeast of the Donets and Manych rivers.
Many Don Cossacks also participated in Kornilov's infamous Ice March.
The Don army was often divided and plagued with indesiciveness, many of the Cossacks not wishing to fight beyond their own territory.
On March 14, 1920, the Don Army dissolved and was succeeded by the VSYuR.
In literature.
The events of those years, especially those centered in the Upper Don, as well as events leading up to them, are the focus of Mikhail Sholokhov's epic, "And Quiet Flows the Don".

</doc>
<doc id="9742285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742285" title="San Francisco Railway Museum">
San Francisco Railway Museum

The San Francisco Railway Museum is a local railway museum located in the South of Market area of San Francisco.
This small museum features exhibits on the antique streetcars of the F Market & Wharves and national landmark cable cars that continue to run along the city's major arteries. The museum is located at the Steuart Street F line stop, across the street from the Ferry Building. Admission to the museum is free.
In addition to the permanent collection of San Francisco railway artifacts from Market Street Railway Company and San Francisco Municipal Railway, the museum features exhibits such as a retrospective on the 1906 Earthquake and a replicated end of the now extinct MSR '100-Class streetcar'.
The museum is a project of the nonprofit Market Street Railway, Muni’s historic transportation advocacy group.

</doc>
<doc id="9742294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742294" title="José Zalazar">
José Zalazar

José Luis Zalazar Rodríguez (born 26 October 1963) is an Uruguayan retired footballer who played mostly as an attacking midfielder.
Nicknamed "El Oso" (Bear), he played most of his career in Spain, especially with Albacete Balompié, being part of the club's most long tenure in La Liga. He was also notable for his strong and accurate right-foot shot, as demonstrated with several goals from long distance, particularly from free kicks.
An Uruguayan international for nearly one full decade, Zalazar represented the country at the 1986 World Cup.
Club career.
Born in Montevideo, Zalazar started his career at local club C.A. Peñarol in 1982. After the 1986 FIFA World Cup, he joined Mexican club Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara where, in his first year, he was the highest goalscorer of the tournament with 23 goals overall. He then moved to Spain, where he played with Cádiz CF one season, before returning to Mexico for the 1988–89 season, again with the "Tecos".
In 1989, Zalazar returned to Spain, playing one year in its second division with RCD Español. He then joined Albacete Balompié, where he would have his most successful period, playing six seasons and being part of the squad known as "Queso Mecánico" ("Clockwork Cheese"). He started his spell at the Castile-La Mancha team in the second level, scoring 15 times in all 38 matches in an eventual promotion – namely two crucial ones against UD Salamanca.
During 1991–92's top level, Zalazar again played in all the games, adding 13 goals and helping Albacete Balompié finish in seventh place, the highest position ever reached by the club in the top division. The player's performances earned him the "EFE Trophy" by Spanish news agency EFE, awarded to the best Ibero-American player in "La Liga" every year. During his career at Albacete, he also became the club's all-time leader in top level appearances, with 180 matches, and goals, with 57.
After Albacete was relegated back to division two in the 1995–96 season, Zalazar left for Racing de Santander for one single season. The following year he returned to Uruguay, playing the 1997 "Apertura" tournament for hometown's Club Nacional de Football and the "Clausura" for Club Atlético Bella Vista. After a brief retirement, the 35-year old rejoined Albacete Balompié, still in the second division, leaving the game for good at the end of the season.
International career.
Zalazar obtained a total of 29 international caps for the Uruguay national team. Having made his official international debut on 13 June 1984 against England, in a 2–0 win, he was part of the squad at the 1986 FIFA World Cup, making his only appearance of the tournament during the second half of a group stage 1–6 loss to Denmark.
He also played six matches during the 1994 World Cup qualification process, his last representing Uruguay, which did not qualify.

</doc>
<doc id="9742297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742297" title="Charles David Jones Bryant">
Charles David Jones Bryant

Charles David Jones Bryant (11 May 1883 – 22 January 1937), known as Charles Bryant, was an Australian marine artist.
Life and career.
Early life.
Bryant was born at Enmore, Sydney, the fifth son of John Ambrose Bryant, storekeeper, and his wife Caroline, née Leedon. He was educated at Sydney Grammar School and studied the cello. He then obtained a position in the Bank of New South Wales.
Career.
Bryant studied painting at Sydney under W. Lister Lister, and was an exhibitor at the Royal Art Society of New South Wales for some years. He went to London in 1908 and studied with John Hassall at London and Julius Olsson, A.R.A., at St Ives, Cornwall. He exhibited at the Royal Academy and the Paris Salon, where he received an honourable mention for "Morning Mists" in 1913, and with many well-known societies. He was appointed an official war artist on the western front in 1917 and did many paintings for the Australian government. Sixty-nine of his paintings are in the Australian War Memorial, Canberra.
In 1922, he returned to Australia, and in 1923 was sent to the mandated territories in New Guinea to paint scenes of the occupation by the Australians. In 1925, he painted a picture of the American fleet which was presented by Sydney citizens to the United States government. This picture is now at the Capitol, Washington. Returning to England, some 10 years passed before Bryant was in Australia again. He had a very successful one man show at Sydney towards the end of 1936, which was followed by another at Melbourne. 
Bryant was an able oil painter mostly of marine subjects. He held various official positions with art societies, having been a member of the council of the Royal Institute of Oil Painters, a vice-president of the Royal Art Society, Sydney, and president of the London Sketch Club. He is represented in the Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, Castlemaine and Manly galleries, the Australian War Memorial, and the Imperial War Museum, London.
Death.
He was unmarried. He died at Manly, Sydney on 22 January 1937 and he was buried in the Church of England cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9742356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742356" title="Seneca Mall">
Seneca Mall

Seneca Mall, which opened in 1969, was a shopping mall south of Buffalo, New York, USA. The mall was located in the Town of West Seneca at the intersection of Ridge Road (Erie CR 137) and Slade Avenue (Erie CR 91) immediately east of the New York State Thruway (Interstate 90).
The William Hengerer Company originally sought to develop a location on this site in the early 1960s. This eventually led to the development and opening of the Mall in 1969 in direct competition to The Thruway Plaza. Seneca Mall at that time housed a large JCPenney store as well as local chain Sattler's.
Seneca Mall was the major mall in the southtowns of Buffalo from its opening in 1969 through the 1980s. In 1985, the McKinley Mall opened in Hamburg less than three miles away. Seneca hung on until 1989 when the Walden Galleria opened in Cheektowaga. At that time, all of the mall anchors vacated as well as most of the specialty stores and restaurants. The mall soldiered on until 1994 finally becoming a haven for mall walkers with no retailers. In 1994, the mall's owners, The Pyramid Company elected to demolish the mall and put a power center in its place, The Shops at West Seneca.
The Pyramid Company, which also owns the Walden Galleria, elected to build a power center on the site once the mall and outlying buildings were demolished. The center, known as the Shops at West Seneca, saw its first tenant, Tops Markets open in May 1997. Although many elaborate plans were put on the table by Pyramid, a Kmart store is the only other development. A majority of the former mall site remains fenced off. The big signs of Seneca Mall's entries are still standing as the only standing remains from 1969, reading "TOPS", with "Shops at West Seneca" above. The town of West Seneca has many times attempted to push Pyramid into developing the site with no results. Many locals assume that Pyramid in no way wants to develop any retail center that will encroach on its popular Walden Galleria.

</doc>
<doc id="9742366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742366" title="The Boyhood Deeds of Fionn">
The Boyhood Deeds of Fionn

The Boyhood Deeds of Fionn () is a medieval Irish narrative belonging to the Fenian Cycle of Irish mythology. As its title implies, it recounts the boyhood exploits of Fionn mac Cumhaill, the cycle's central figure. The most important manuscript is Laud 610: folio 118Rb-121Va, which is missing the ending; Kuno Meyer assigned the text to the 12th century.
Origin and development.
The Laud 610 manuscript was first edited by Kuno Meyer in 1881 for the French journal "Revue Celtique". The text breaks off while Fionn investigates a "sídhe" or fairy mound, before his trip to Tara. Scholars have pointed out similarities between earlier versions of "The Boyhood Deeds of Fionn" and tales of the youth of the Ulster Cycle hero Cúchulainn. For instance, "The Boyhood Deeds of Cúchulainn" and "The Wooing of Emer", both found within the epic "Táin Bó Cúailnge", recount Cúchulainn's earning of a nickname through his feats, his training by a warrior woman (Scáthach) and his earning of a deadly spear (the Gáe Bulg).
Plot.
The story begins with the death of Fionn's father Cumhal, leader of the Fianna, at the hands of Goll mac Morna. Cumhal's wife Muirne was pregnant at the time and eventually gave birth to their son, called Demne in his youth. Fearing for his safety, she sends the boy to be raised by Cumhal's sister, the druidess Bodhmall, and her companion Liath Luachra. The two warrior women raise him and accompany him on several adventures, including one in which he receives his nickname, "Fionn" (the fair; the pale). As he grows, his exploits attract increasing attention, and finally his foster mothers send him away for fear that Goll's men will find him. Subsequent episodes depict his service to the king of Bantry, his recovery of Cumhal's treasures by slaying Liath Luachra (a different character than his caretaker), and his meeting with the aged and dispossessed Fianna who had fought with his father. 
Another famous episode recounts how Fionn inadvertently eats the Salmon of Wisdom, which would grant universal knowledge to whoever consumed it. He had been studying under the poet Finn Eces, who had sought the fish for seven years. Finally he catches it, and has Fionn cook it for him. Fionn burns his thumb on the fish and puts it in his mouth, thereby receiving its gift of wisdom. 
Fionn travels to the capital of Tara, which is set aflame each Samhain by Aillén the Burner, one of the Tuatha Dé Danann. Goll and the Fianna are powerless to stop it, since Aillén puts everyone to sleep with a magical tune. Fionn inhales poison from his own spear to prevent sleep, and dispatches Aillén. He reveals his identity to the court, and the king grants Fionn his rightful position as leader of the Fianna. Goll steps down, and engages in a truce with his enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="9742368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742368" title="Rhodes Minnis">
Rhodes Minnis

Rhodes Minnis is a village near Folkestone in Kent, England.

</doc>
<doc id="9742373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742373" title="Consolidated rental car facility">
Consolidated rental car facility

A consolidated rental car facility (CRCF) is a complex that hosts numerous rental car agencies. They are often found at American airports. The incentive for building consolidated facilities are numerous, including: less congestion on surface streets, more convenience for rental car company employees, greater efficiencies for rental car companies, and numerous environmental benefits from reduced emissions to consolidated, professionally managed fueling stations. Typical services to the rental car companies include onsite offices, fueling, car wash, car prep (vacuums, windshield wiper fluids, and trash services), and light maintenance areas.
A CRCF may include the following areas: Customer Service Area/Building (CSA/CSB); Garage or "ready/return" areas; and back of house prepping areas or "Quick-Turn-Around" (QTA) stations.
Locations.
Planned CRCFs.
In 2012, Charlotte/Douglas International Airport launched “CLT 2015” – construction projects to build a 7,000 parking space Consolidated Rental Car Facility.
Criticism.
Consolidated rental car facilities often result in higher rental car fees, long distances between facilities and the airports they serve, and frustration over consolidated rental car shuttles, which can be crowded.
Online.
Services on the Internet have arisen which provide a virtual consolidated rental car facility, i.e. providing an integrated system with multiple rental companies' offers. Similar services are offered by travel websites including Travelocity and Expedia.

</doc>
<doc id="9742375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742375" title="Plaka, Arcadia">
Plaka, Arcadia

Plaka () is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece. It is 1 km south of Soulos, 3 km northeast of Thoknia, 3 km southwest of Nea Ekklisoula and 4 km northwest of Megalopoli. The Greek National Road 76 (Megalopoli - Andritsaina - Krestena) passes east of the village. The Megalopoli Power Plant is located to the south and a large open-pit lignite mine is to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="9742380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742380" title="Trion Navarchon Street">
Trion Navarchon Street

Trion Navarchon Street (, translated: "street of the three Admirals"), is a street in central Patras, Greece. Most of the street has been pedestrianized. It runs from Othonos-Amalias Avenue, at the port of Patras, to Athanasiou Diakou Street, near Ypsila Alonia Square.

</doc>
<doc id="9742389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742389" title="Soli Deo Gloria (record label)">
Soli Deo Gloria (record label)

Soli Deo Gloria is a British record label which releases recordings of the Monteverdi Choir and other ensembles conducted by Sir John Eliot Gardiner. It was founded in order to release recordings made during the Bach Cantata pilgrimage that took place in the year 2000. According to its website, the name "Soli Deo Gloria" is drawn from the initials that Johann Sebastian Bach appended at the end of each of his Cantatas, dedicating them to the "glory of God alone". [1]
The label is a not-for-profit organisation.
Bach recordings.
Gardiner had a successful collaboration with Deutsche Grammophon from the 1980s, but the company was willing to release only a small number of the Bach cantatas which were recorded live in 2000. SDG set out to release a complete set of CDs of the Bach Cantata pilgrimage's concerts.
In October 2005 its very first release, "Bach Cantatas, volume 1" (SDG101), won "Record of the Year" at the Gramophone Awards. In 2006, at the behest of the Bach Archive in Leipzig, SDG released the first recording of a newly discovered piece by Bach, ‘Alles mit Gott’. In 2011, by which time nearly all Bach's church cantatas had been released, SDG's "Bach Cantata Pilgrimage" series earned a Gramophone Award for special achievement.
Other recordings.
As well as music by Bach, the label has since its creation published parallel endeavours of Gardiner and his forces, such as a "Pilgrimage to Santiago" CD (recorded after a 2004 tour following the Camino de Santiago). In 2006 the label made headlines with a CD of two Mozart symphonies, recorded live during a concert at London’s Cadogan Hall and released at the end of the evening.
Autumn 2007 saw the first recordings with the Orchestre Révolutionnaire et Romantique, recorded at the Royal Festival Hall in London and the Salle Pleyel in Paris during the Brahms and his Antecedents [http://www.solideogloria.co.uk/recordings/brahms.cfm] concert cycle. The first release in this new series was in September 2008 and included Brahms’ Symphony Number 1 along with music by Mendelssohn.

</doc>
<doc id="9742390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742390" title="List of citizens of France of Irish descent">
List of citizens of France of Irish descent

"This is a list of famous citizens of France with Irish origin or roots. 

</doc>
<doc id="9742395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742395" title="Detroit Observatory">
Detroit Observatory

The Detroit Observatory is located on the corner of Observatory and Ann streets in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It was built in 1854, and was the first scientific research facility at the University of Michigan and the oldest observatory of its type in the nation. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1958 and placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Building the Observatory.
Henry Philip Tappan was inaugurated as the president of the University of Michigan in December 1852, and in his inaugural speech, appealed to the citizens of Michigan to support research and laboratory space at the University. Immediately afterward, Tappan was approached by Detroit businessman (and former Michigan Attorney General) Henry N. Walker, who offered assistance. Tappan suggested raising funds for an observatory, and Walker agreed to spearhead a fundraising drive. Walker soon raised $15,000 from the citizens of Detroit, including $4000 of his own money, and contributions from Lewis Cass, Henry Porter Baldwin, and Senator Zachariah Chandler. An additional $7000 was supplied by the Board of Regents of the University of Michigan, giving a total of $22,000 for the building and instruments.
In 1853, land in Ann Arbor was obtained for the building site, and George Bird of New York was hired to superintend construction of the building. To design the building, Tappan turned to Richard Harrison Bull, a New York University civil engineering professor, amateur astronomer, and former student of Tappan's. Construction was completed in 1854, and the building was named the Detroit Observatory to recognize the benefactors who funded its construction. The building housed a 12⅝-inch (32 cm) Henry Fitz, Jr. refracting telescope in the central area. The Fitz was the third largest telescope in the world when it was installed in 1857. A 6-inch (15 cm) Pistor & Martins meridian circle was installed in the east wing, while the west wing served as a library and office space for the director.
Later history.
In 1890, the dome rotation mechanisms were revamped. In 1868, a director's residence was added on the west end of the building. The residence was enlarged and improved in 1905-06, and another, larger wing containing academic and office space was added in 1908. The 1908 addition included a second dome and space for a new 37 1/2-inch reflecting telescope. The director's residence was demolished in 1954 to make way for the expansion of nearby Couzens Hall; the 1908 addition was demolished in 1976.
The astronomy department moved from the building in 1963, and the Detroit Observatory was used first as a library, then as a storeroom. It soon became derelict, and in the 1970s was threatened with complete demolition. However, the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, and restored in 1997-98. In 2005, the Detroit Observatory became a division of the Bentley Historical Library.
The function of the Detroit Observatory on campus was taken over by the Angell Hall Observatory which was completed much later. The "Observatories of the University of Michigan" include the Detroit Observatory (1854), the Angell Hall Observatory (1927), the Lamont-Hussey Observatory (South Africa, 1928) and the McMath-Hulbert Observatory (Lake Angelus, MI, 1930).
Observatory directors and notable students.
Tappan recruited Franz Brünnow as the first director of the observatory in 1854. Among Brünnow's students dring his tenure at the Detroit Observatory were Asaph Hall, DeVolson Wood, Cleveland Abbe, and James Craig Watson. Brünnow stayed until 1863, when he was succeeded by James Craig Watson. Watson served for 16 years, and among his students were Otto Julius Klotz, Robert Simpson Woodward, George Cary Comstock, Marcus Baker, and John Martin Schaeberle. The full list of directors of the Detroit Observatory is as follows:
Building description.
The Detroit Observatory, located on the campus of the University of Michigan, is a two-story hip roof rectangular frame structure, on a side, flanked by two one-story wings, each by . The design is typical of observatories built in the 19th century. The structure is constructed of solid brick clad with stucco painted to resemble granite blocks. It is capped with a large revolving dome built of wood and canvas, in diameter. A small portico covers the front entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="9742449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742449" title="Louis Cazamian">
Louis Cazamian

Louis François Cazamian (2 April 1877 – 22 September 1965) was a French academic and literary critic.
He was the author of many books in both French and English dealing with English literature, including "A History of English Literature" (1927, with Émile Legouis), "Le Roman Social en Angleterre" (an early study of the social novel), and "The Development of English Humor" (1952). Other works include "The Social Impact of Dickens's Novels", "L'Humour de Shakespeare" and "Symbolisme et Poésie".
As professor of English literature at the University of Paris, he delivered three Rice Lectures in 1911: "The Unity of France", "The France of Today and Tomorrow" and "The Personality of France". He delivered the 1931 Andrew Lang Lecture, "Andrew Lang and the Maid of France". He received honorary degrees from Oxford, St Andrews, and Durham.
He was professor of modern English literature and civilization at the Sorbonne from 1925–1945. He supervised, among others, Raja Rao and Dragos Protopopescu in their time at the Sorbonne. He is thanked in the preface to Ian Watt's "The Rise of the Novel".

</doc>
<doc id="9742475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742475" title="Bentley Historical Library">
Bentley Historical Library

The Bentley Historical Library is the campus archive for the University of Michigan and is located on the University of Michigan's North Campus in Ann Arbor. It was established in 1935 by the regents of the University of Michigan. Its mission is to serve as the official archives of the university and to document the history of the state of Michigan, as well as the activities of its people, organizations and voluntary associations.
The library is named after Alvin M. Bentley, a former regent and U.S. Congressman, whose widow, Arvella D. Bentley, endowed the library.

</doc>
<doc id="9742482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742482" title="Coffee News">
Coffee News

Coffee News is a weekly advertising publication that features good news and other fun, positive items. Created by Jean Daum, it began in 1988 Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada and is available across the United States and worldwide. Its slogan is "News To Enjoy Over Coffee" and, as such, is delivered to restaurants, coffee shops, bars, pubs, and other small businesses.
Coffee News is a single sheet, double-sided publication, on tan paper, provided free to establishments.
Coffee News is the world's largest restaurant publication, and also the world's largest franchise publication.
Marketing model.
Coffee News is a franchise business. Identical content is sent to franchisees in each territory, who fill the margins with advertisements from local businesses and distribute copies to participating restaurants for free. The marketing model is based on selling advertising to local businesses, who would be less likely to purchase advertising in broadly circulated publications due to higher costs and the cost inefficiency of marketing to readers who are geographically unlikely to become customers.
Franchise information.
It is quite common for franchisees to own multiple franchises (licenses) with the average franchisee owning 3 licensed territories; no more than 20 licenses per any family or relative is allowed.
Sections.
Everybody's Talking!
This section features news stories from around the world. This section usually contains 4 short paragraphs, briefly summarizing the topic.
Quoteable Quotes.
This section contains quotes from various authors. There are usually 2-4 quotes in this section. The misspelling of the title (Quoteable) of this section is on-purpose, and part of the publication's trademark.
What's Happening.
The "What's Happening" section is filled with local events, with emphasis on community service or non-profit organizations.
Trivia.
This section contains 5 trivia questions based on general topics such as pop culture, sports, and literature. The answers are revealed on the other side of the page.
Your Weekly Horoscope.
This section features horoscopes for all zodiac signs. It also gives lucky numbers for the week.
Did You Know . . ..
This section contains facts about general topics like actors, landmarks, animals, and other topics. "Did You Know . . ." contains 4 facts.
On The Lighter Side.
This section features ideas that may not be thought about often, but can be very true, for example:

</doc>
<doc id="9742484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742484" title="Rhopalodontus">
Rhopalodontus

Rhopalodontus is a genus of tree-fungus beetles in the family Ciidae.

</doc>
<doc id="9742487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742487" title="WYBY">
WYBY

WYBY is an AM radio station serving the Ithaca market under a religious format. The station, licensed to Cortland, New York, broadcasts on AM frequency 920 kHz and is now a Bible Broadcasting Network Owned-and-operated station.
History.
Prior to 2007, the station was known as WKRT and was a second-tier News/Talk station, featuring shows such as "The Laura Ingraham Show", "The Radio Factor", "The Sean Hannity Show", Mike Gallagher, Jim Bohannon, "The Kim Komando Show", and various other programs. Citadel Broadcasting, the owner of WKRT, sold their Ithaca cluster (including this station) to Saga Broadcasting, who in turn gave away the station for free to the Bible Broadcasting Network, presumably as a tax-deductible donation, to comply with FCC concentration limits in the Ithaca market due to their purchase of sister station WIII-FM, 99.9.

</doc>
<doc id="9742500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742500" title="Ropalopus">
Ropalopus

Ropalopus sanguinicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Ropalopus.

</doc>
<doc id="9742506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742506" title="Hanmer Springs Ski Area">
Hanmer Springs Ski Area

Hanmer Springs Ski Area, located on Mount Saint Patrick, South Island, New Zealand is a club skifield 17km (about 35 minutes' drive) from the town of Hanmer Springs. It has New Zealands longest Poma lift at over 800m, a nutcracker rope tow and a brand new beginners fixed grip rope tow, giving access to trails rated as 10% beginner, 60% intermediate and 30% advanced. Elevation is 1769m at the top of the field with 52ha of ski terrain (310m vertical elevation).
The facilities are run by the Amuri ski Club Inc, a volunteer non-profit sports club for locals and visitors, with all proceeds from receipts being put back into upgrading facilities each year. A groomer is used throughout the season which usually runs from the end of June until about mid September each year. There is a natural terrain park used by both skiers and snowboarders.
Services.
Daily lessons are available and ski hire can be obtained from both the mountain and the village. A daily shuttle runs for those who are not confident on an alpine road, chains must be carried at all times and fitted when directed.

</doc>
<doc id="9742520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742520" title="Honky Tonk Masquerade">
Honky Tonk Masquerade

Honky Tonk Masquerade is the second album by country singer-songwriter Joe Ely, released in 1978. 
Critical acclaim.
Ely's second album has been highly regarded by critics around the world. It was included in the 2005 book, "1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die". Writer Steve Pond places the album at number 40 on "Rolling Stone's" list of "50 Essential Albums of the 70s", calling it "the decade's most sure-footed country-rock collaboration". Pond places the album in the same class as such 1970s "country landmarks" as Guy Clark's "Old No. 1", Willie Nelson's "Red Headed Stranger", and Terry Allen's "Lubbock (On Everything)". In addition, New Zealand critic Fred Muller places the album on his list of the top ten "best albums of the rock era".
LP track listing.
All songs by Joe Ely except as indicated.
Personnel.
Credits as listed in liner notes.
Releases.
In 2000, a remastered edition of Ely's first two albums ("Joe Ely" and "Honky Tonk Masquerade") were released together on a single disk. "Dirty Linen" reported that this disk was especially worth seeking out since it was (at least at the time), "the only place on two continents you can get Ely's debut". The reviewer described Ely's first two albums together: "Ely's self-titled effort and "HTM" are a bit leaner than most of his other honky-tonk rockers, with a bit more piano than electric guitar backing his lonesome warble -- dry and forceful as the wind whistling through Waco."

</doc>
<doc id="9742521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742521" title="Variable-position horizontal stabilizer">
Variable-position horizontal stabilizer

A variable-position horizontal stabilizer changes the pitch simultaneously with the flaperon setting.
Normally the horizontal stabilizer also known as tailplane is fixed and has a hinged elevator, a stabilator is another method that combines the functions of an elevator and a horizontal stabilizer.
The variable-position horizontal stabilizer is governed by the flaperon setting: the settings of the flaperon control produce corresponding changes to the stabilizer angle of incidence, thus defining the trim airspeed in relation to the flaperon requirements. The conventional elevator remains in trail, minimizing trim drag.
Flaperon settings are used to optimize the lift and drag of a wing. When the flight requires low speed the flaperons are in a positive position and when the flight requires high speed flaperons are in a negative position.

</doc>
<doc id="9742528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742528" title="Kenny Jackson">
Kenny Jackson

Kenny Jackson (born February 15, 1962 in Neptune, New Jersey) is a former professional American football player. He played wide receiver for eight seasons in the National Football League with the Philadelphia Eagles and Houston Oilers and was twice named a collegiate All-American at Penn State University (1982 and 1983).
Early years.
Jackson grew up in South River, New Jersey and was a highly recruited athlete out of South River High School, where he excelled in football, basketball, baseball, and track. The school retired his #21 football jersey in October 1994. Jackson was inducted into the New Jersey Sports Writers Association Hall of Fame in 1996.
College career.
Jackson was Penn State's first All-American wide receiver. By his senior year in 1983, he held 27 school records. He still ranks second in career receiving yards among Nittany Lions with 2,006. He enjoyed his best season in 1982 when he hauled in 41 passes for 697 yards and seven touchdowns en route to Penn State's first National Championship.
Professional career.
Jackson was the first round pick (#4 overall) of the Philadelphia Eagles in the 1984 NFL Draft. He enjoyed an eight-year career in the NFL with the Eagles and Houston Oilers. He finished his pro career with 126 receptions for 2,170 yards and 11 touchdowns.
Coaching career.
Jackson served on the coaching staff at his alma mater for eight seasons, coaching Penn State's wide receivers from 1993 to 2000. There he helped develop future NFL players Bobby Engram, Freddie Scott, and Joe Jurevicius. He served as an assistant coach with the Pittsburgh Steelers from 2001 to 2003.
Broadcasting.
Jackson is currently a sideline reporter for the Big Ten Network.
Personal.
Jackson and former NFL running back Blair Thomas are partners in chain of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania-area sports bars called KoKoMos.
In April 2008, Jackson and seven other former NFL players traveled to the Middle East to visit with troops and coach them in the USO's "Operation Gridiron: Huddle with the Troops", a flag football tournament for service personnel serving overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="9742538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742538" title="Rainbow Islands Revolution">
Rainbow Islands Revolution

Rainbow Islands Revolution is a game on the Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable. It is an update of the original game, "". Unlike in the original, the main character, Bub, rides in a bubble, and the player has to guide him with the stylus, and draw rainbows with it as well. Therefore, the game uses mainly the DS's touch screen.
Gameplay.
The player has to drag Bub around using the stylus. Contact with enemies or dangerous objects such as spikes causes the player to lose a heart. When all hearts have been lost, the player loses a life and must begin the level anew. 
When the player drags the stylus anywhere on the screen that isn't Bub, the player can create a rainbow. The rainbow serves as a barrier through which enemies can't cross. If the rainbow is drawn over an enemy, the enemy is killed. Additionally, when the player taps a rainbow, it falls down removing any enemies that lie below.
The player can also draw some special shapes which create rainbows with special effects.

</doc>
<doc id="9742580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742580" title="Theca externa">
Theca externa

The theca externa is the outer layer of the theca folliculi. It is derived from connective tissue, the cells resembling fibroblasts, and contains abundant collagen. During ovulation, the surge in luteinizing hormone increases cAMP which increases progesterone and PGF2α production. The PGF2α induces the contraction of the smooth muscle cells of the theca externa, increasing intrafollicular pressure. This aids in rupture of the mature oocyte, or immature oocyte at the germinal vesicle stage in the canine, along with plasmin and collagenase degradation of the follicle wall.

</doc>
<doc id="9742592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742592" title="Ode (poem)">
Ode (poem)

Ode is a poem written by the English poet Arthur O'Shaughnessy and first published in 1873. It is often referred to by its first line "We are the music makers".
The "Ode" is the first poem in O'Shaughnessy's collection "Music and Moonlight" (1874). It has nine stanzas, although it is commonly believed to be only three stanzas long. The opening stanza is:
The phrase "movers and shakers" originates here.
The words have inspired many people and have been admired by many poets, including W. B. Yeats
The poem has been set to music, or alluded to, many times:

</doc>
<doc id="9742604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742604" title="Bishop Connolly High School">
Bishop Connolly High School

Bishop Connolly High School is a co-educational Catholic high school in Fall River, Massachusetts.
Campus and Building.
Connolly's campus is approximately . The campus is adjacent to Bristol Community College and B.M.C Durfee High School, Fall River's public high school is located directly across Elsbree Street. The campus contains a football field with bleachers and a concession stand, a soccer field, an outdoor non-rubber track, six tennis courts, a baseball field, a softball field and several practice fields.
The main school building is composed of three sections. The activities section contains a 1000 seat gymnasium, an 800 seat auditorium, and 200 seat cafeteria at the far west end. The middle academic wing contains the classrooms and most offices. At the far east end is the former faculty house, which is now the Cardinal Medeiros residence, a retirement home for diocesan priests. The library is located in a circular building in back of the main building and was renamed the "Academic Achievement Center" in 2012.
Academics.
Beginning with the 2013-2014 school year, Bishop Connolly will divide its curriculum into three departments: Humanities (English, History, Foreign Language, Religion), Math & Science, and Fine Arts/Athletics, each headed by one of three academic deans. Aside from college preparatory classes, Connolly has extensive honors and advanced placement offerings, including Calculus AB/BC, Biology, Chemistry, English Literature, and US History. The average class size is 22-25 students. Honors sections average 15-18 students, while AP courses tend to number 8-11 students or less.
Bishop Connolly High School is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.
Athletics.
Connolly offers 23 different interscholastic sports for boys and girls and 38 separate teams throughout the year. Connolly is a member of The Massachusetts Interscholastic Athletic Associations's Mayflower League. The athletic squads are called the Cougars.
During the 1990s Connolly athletic squads routinely qualified for state tournament play. The hockey program was the first to produce a state championship hockey team from southeastern Massachusetts. The student-athletes have also won state championships in baseball and tennis; as well as state sectional titles in basketball, hockey, baseball, cross country, and tennis.
In 2003 Connolly fielded its first football team in school history.
In its first season in the Mayflower Athletic Conference, the Cougar lacrosse team won the league championship with a league record of 13-1 and an overall record of 14-4 which included a 1-1 record in the MIAA Division 3 tournament. The team was led by 4th year head coach, Justin Shay.
In the past three years, Bishop Connolly has seen success in all of its athletic teams. In the 2009-2010 academic year, the boys basketball and lacrosse teams were Mayflower League Champions. In the 2010-2011 academic year, a banner was raised in every single season. In the fall, the boys soccer team had a 12-3-3 record on their road to their Mayflower League Championship, which was the first boys soccer title since 1993. The girls basketball team won the Mayflower League title in the winter and the softball team also won a title in the spring. In the winter of 2011, the boys basketball team won the Mayflower League Championship under new first year head coach Matt Coute, who is the all time leading scorer at Bishop Connolly and was the replacement of the longtime coaching legend Billy Shea. In the spring of 2012, the Bishop Connolly baseball team won the Mayflower League Championship and made an unforgettable run to the Division 4 South Sectional Finals after defeating Cape Cod Tech, Pope John Paul II, and West Bridgewater. On March 13, 2013, the boys varsity basketball team won the Division IV state championship title at the TD Garden in Boston, MA. Bishop Connolly was recognized by Fall River Mayor William Flanagan and state representatives.
Clubs and activities.
Students at Bishop Connolly have the opportunity to participate in a wide variety of extracurricular activities, including

</doc>
<doc id="9742612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742612" title="Lost Canadians">
Lost Canadians

Lost Canadians are those individuals who have believed themselves to be Canadian citizens or to be entitled to citizenship, but who have not been officially considered citizens due to particular aspects or interpretations of the citizenship law.
Lost Citizenship.
Some types of persons who would not have Canadian citizenship under the 1947 citizenship laws included the following:
In most cases, the Lost Canadians were never aware that they weren't citizens until they applied for government pensions or attempted to receive healthcare.
Amended "Citizenship Act" passage in 2008.
On May 29, 2007, Canadian Minister of Citizenship and Immigration Diane Finley (PC) announced her proposal to amend the "Citizenship Act". Under the proposal, anyone naturalized in Canada since 1947 would have citizenship even if they lost it under the 1947 Act. Also, anyone born since 1947 outside the country to a Canadian mother or father, in or out of wedlock, would have citizenship if they are the first generation born abroad. Appearing before the Standing Committee on Citizenship and Immigration, Finley asserted that as of May 24, 2007, there were only 285 cases of individuals in Canada whose citizenship status needed to be resolved. Under the proposed legislation, anyone born before 1947 to a Canadian citizen abroad would be dealt with on a case-by-case basis; such individuals would have to apply for a ministerial permit.
Bill C-37, which received Royal Assent on April 17, 2008, amended the "Citizenship Act" to give Canadian citizenship to those who lost or never had it due to certain provisions in existing and former legislation. The law came into effect on April 17, 2009, one year following Royal Assent.
People who were citizens when the law came into force did not lose citizenship as a result of these amendments. The law was made retroactive to the time of birth or loss of citizenship, and gave citizenship to the following categories of people:
The exceptions are those born in Canada to a foreign diplomat, those who renounced their citizenship with Canadian authorities, and those whose citizenship was revoked by the government because it was obtained by fraud.
Cases not resolved by the modified law.
As of 2009, there are still some people who are sometimes referred to as Lost Canadians, including some children of war brides, children born out of wedlock during the Second World War, and Mennonites who have been refused citizenship by the Canadian government. As of 21 October 2009, there were currently 81 people who are asserted to be such cases, but this number is shrinking as the remaining people in this category die off. One person who died while waiting for citizenship (in February 2009) was Guy Valliere, a World War II veteran who had been publicly promised citizenship by Diane Finley.
Kasey Neal.
Kasey Neal is a two and a half year old (in 2010) girl who was denied citizenship because her grandparent was a female Canadian rather than a male Canadian. Citizenship and Immigration Canada (CIC) claimed that she is not eligible because her parent was at first denied citizenship and then was later granted retroactive citizenship (which would seem to make her the daughter of a Canadian and thus ordinarily guarantee citizenship). The Supreme Court of Canada ruled in Benner v. Canada (1997) that children of female Canadians are legally guaranteed all rights and privileges that children of male Canadians receive; however, this court decision was not interpreted by the CIC in favour of her case for citizenship. This denial of citizenship is being brought before judicial review and could lead to a class-action lawsuit if the Supreme Court's decision is ignored by CIC.
Priscilla Corrie.
In September 2010, Priscilla Corrie (87), a "war bride", was denied a Canadian passport despite having received passports in the past and despite being on Old Age Pension and Canadian Pension Plan and having come to Canada when she was 20. Her passport was issued later that year, after the government was forced to act due to media coverage of the incident in the "Vancouver Sun" newspaper.
Sandra Burke.
Sandra Burke is a woman who came to Canada at six years of age with her Canadian father after her American mother died. He then abandoned her, and she was raised by her paternal grandmother in Toronto and P.E.I. She has been unable to produce copies of her entry documents to Canada, and as of September 2010, the Citizenship and Immigration office of Canada has refused to search their archives.
In 2010, Burke was 66 and was facing possible removal as well as losing old age benefits.
Jackie Scott.
The daughter of a Canadian soldier and a British-born mother naturalized as a Canadian citizen in 1955, Jackie Scott was refused a citizenship card in 2005. She was born while her father was stationed in England during the war in 1945; her parents were unmarried at the time. In 2013, Jackie Scott took her case to the courts to seek judicial review of her exclusion.
New "Lost Canadians".
Bill C-37, which attempted to address the original phenomenon, included a provision that natural-born Canadian citizens who were born outside Canada could not pass citizenship to their children born outside the country. This in turn has led to the potential creation of a new group of "Lost Canadians", with one notable example being Rachel Chandler, born in China to a Libya-born son of Canadian parents and a Chinese woman. Because her parents' marriage was not recognized by China at the time of her birth, she was not granted citizenship by China, and because she was born after Bill C-37 took effect, her father could not pass on his Canadian citizenship to her. This apparently rendered her stateless (which is against the Convention on the Rights of the Child, of which Canada is a signatory). However, Chandler now holds an Irish passport; she was entitled to Irish citizenship through her Irish-born paternal grandfather.
John Nicolas Fortin-Rodriguez of Magog, Quebec, born in México in 2011 to Patrick Fortin (himself born abroad, a son of a Canadian soldier posted to CFB Lahr in Cold War-era West Germany) and Lucero Rodriguez (an immigrant from Mexico to Canada), holds a Mexican passport with a Canadian visa but has been denied his Canadian birthright due to being second generation born abroad.
Notable "Lost Canadians".
One notable Lost Canadian was Robert Goulet. He had provided evidence to support a claim of citizenship, but he died before it was approved.

</doc>
<doc id="9742617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742617" title="WCYQ">
WCYQ

WCYQ (100.3 FM) is a radio station in the Knoxville, Tennessee area. It is currently simulcasting the country format of WNOX. The WCYQ call letters migrated to 100.3 and the WNOX call letters ended up at 93.1 with a new format debuting at 93.1 within the next two weeks.
WCYQ operates a 100,000-watt transmitter, located on Cross Mountain(elevation 3534 ft.) north of Briceville, Tennessee. Its signal can be received throughout East Tennessee as well as significant parts of southeastern Kentucky, and in small portions of Virginia, North Carolina, West Virginia and Georgia.
The former call sign WNOX was also the call letters of a co-owned AM station from the 1930s to 1988, and again from 1997 to 2005. 
History.
AM station.
For years, the WNOX call letters belonged to the frequency AM 990. In November 1921, WNOX signed on the air as WNAV, the first radio station in Tennessee and one of the ten oldest in the country, and was licensed to broadcast at 833 kHz. In 1923, the station's initial owner, the First Baptist Church of Knoxville, sold it to the People's Telephone & Telegraph Company. Sterchi Brothers Furniture briefly owned the station before it was again sold to Scripps-Howard in 1935. The early WNAV studios were located in the St. James Hotel, which once stood near the head of Market Square. Within the span of its first 19 years, the station's call letters changed to WNOX, and the station frequency changed many times, eventually settling at AM 990 in March 1941. 
After its purchase by Scripps-Howard, the station moved to the Andrew Johnson Hotel on Gay Street, with its main offices located on the hotel's 17th floor. The station's growing studio audiences began causing elevator traffic issues for the Andrew Johnson, however, and the hotel asked the station to move. WNOX relocated to a small tabernacle building at the north end of Gay Street, where it remained for several years.
In the 1950s and 1960s, WNOX was home to the popular lunchtime program "The Midday Merry-go-Round" and weekend program "The Tennessee Barndance", which were both influential in the early days of country music. Legendary station manager Lowell Blanchard hosted the programs for many years in downtown Knoxville, and lunch crowds packed the station's downtown auditorium to see the daily programs. Seeking a bigger performance area, WNOX moved its studios to Whittle Springs Road in north Knoxville. The Whittle Springs facility included a large auditorium for live performances, but after the move from downtown, the live musical performances were never the same. Once the crowds diminished, the live performances were called off.
The owners of WNOX also had other, much bigger plans for their new facility on Whittle Springs Road. In 1955, Scripps-Howard Broadcasting was one of the applicants for the Channel 10 frequency, awarded to Knoxville after the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) reorganized its U.S. TV table of channel allocations in 1952. So sure of getting the Channel 10 license, the company poured thousands of dollars into the Whittle Springs building to make it a top-notch radio-TV studio combination. After the FCC awarded the TV license to Jay Birdwell, local owner of WBIR AM and FM in 1956, Scripps-Howard was saddled with a huge studio to ultimately be used just for radio, amid a dwindling live listening audience. Still, the station remained there for many years, less than two miles from its transmitter site.
The 1960s brought a new era for WNOX. The station became a popular Top 40 station, and remained that way until the late 1970s, when the station switched to AC. In the early 1980s, the station was bought again and flipped to country, and WNOX was never the same. 
WNOX's legendary call letters were changed to WTNZ in 1988. However, within a few months Dick Broadcasting (WIVK) purchased WTNZ. Dick donated AM 850, its old daytime-only frequency, to the University of Tennessee, and the 990 frequency, which could air nighttime programming, quickly became WIVK and began airing the programming of WIVK-FM. Within a few years, WIVK began experimenting with news/talk programming, eventually phasing into a news/talk format 24/7.
FM station.
Dick Broadcasting then acquired WNOX-FM/99.1 in Loudon, which became a simulcast signal for the news/talk programming WIVK. Shortly thereafter, the AM 990 call letters were changed back to WNOX. The news/talk format resided on 990 AM & 99.1 FM, jointly called "NewsTalk99 WNOX" until the move to 100.3 FM (formerly WOKI) in 2005. 990 AM and 99.1 FM became WNML, airing sports talk.
Citadel Broadcasting ended its lease agreement with Oak Ridge FM, Inc. for the 100.3 WNOX frequency two years early and announced that it would be broadcasting the programming of WNOX on both 100.3 WNOX and WOKI 98.7 from July 9, 2010 until August 1, 2010. On July 7, 2010 Oak Ridge FM announced plans for WNOX to stay news/talk, but with different hosts. Ed Brantley, the former general manager of the Knoxville Citadel radio group and a longtime WIVK-FM DJ, was hired as general manager of 100.3 FM, and John Pirkle of Oak Ridge FM said he would be an on-air personality. 
On July 19, 2010 WNOX moved its former programming to 98.7 WOKI, with 100.3 FM airing nothing but reminders that former WNOX listeners should turn to 98.7. On August 1, 2010 the station's owner, Oak Ridge FM, Inc. regained programming control of the station and resumed broadcasting a news-talk format.
On May 3, 2013, the sale of the station to Journal Broadcast Group closed and upon taking possession, WNOX began stunting towards a new format to be launched on May 9, 2013. The talk programming moved to WKVL 850 AM Knoxville, Tennessee. The country format of WCYQ is expected to move to 100.3 permanently after simulcasting for two weeks and a new undetermined format will launch on 93.1.
On May 9, 2013, WNOX changed their call letters to WCYQ, swapping calls with WCYQ 93.1 FM Karns, Tennessee, which took the WNOX calls.

</doc>
<doc id="9742652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742652" title="Kerry Boustead">
Kerry Boustead

Kerry Boustead (born 12 August 1959) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 80s. A talented representative winger for Queensland and Australia, at the time he was picked for the Australian national rugby league team he was the youngest ever player so selected. A prolific try-scorer, he has been named amongst the nation's finest footballers of the 20th century.
Early years.
An Innisfail junior and younger brother of 1976 Queensland representative Ian Boustead, Kerry was a Queensland Schoolboy representative.
Professional playing career.
1970s.
Boustead made his first grade debut with Innisfail Souths in 1977. He first represented for Queensland aged 18 in 1978 while playing for Innisfail Souths. Small in stature, Boustead outshone his giant New South Wales outside back rivals in Terry Fahey and Mark Harris and that year he made his international representative debut at 18 years and 310 days in 1978 in a Test against New Zealand thus becoming the youngest ever player to represent Australia. He played in all three Tests of that series. Boustead then went on the 1978 Kangaroo tour.
All up he made twenty-five Test appearances for Australia and played in eighteen minor matches on two Kangaroo tours, including playing in all six tests on the undefeated 1982 Kangaroo tour. That squad, coached by Frank Stanton and included veterans such as team captain Max Krillich, Craig Young, Rod Reddy, Ray Price, and a crop of new stars such as vice-captain Wally Lewis, Mal Meninga, Wayne Pearce, Brett Kenny, Peter Sterling and Eric Grothe, became known as "The Invincibles".
In 1979 the Queensland Rugby League tried to block Boustead's move to Sydney, although Eastern Suburbs ultimately gained his services. He broke his ankle in his first season in Sydney. After having played for New South Wales in 1979 under residential selection criteria, Boustead represented Queensland in the first ever State of Origin match in 1980. He scored Queensland's first ever try in State of Origin and is one of a handful of players to have scored 3 tries in an Origin game.
Ironically, Boustead was initially against the State of Origin concept, believing that players should represent the state where they currently lived and played.
1980s.
Boustead played in the centres in Easts' loss to Canterbury in the 1980 Grand Final. He toured with Frank Stanton's 1982 'Invincibles', playing all six tests on tour against Papua New Guinea, Great Britain and France. Boustead stayed with the Roosters till the end of 1982 and then in 1983 followed his club coach Bob Fulton to Manly-Warringah for four seasons.
In the Australian off-seasons he played in the UK for Hull Kingston Rovers in 1985-86 and 1986-87, including playing in the centres for Hull in their 46-10 loss to the 1986 Kangaroos. However leg, collarbone and shoulder injuries seriously disrupted the momentum of his career in this period. In 1986 while still at Manly he played in only seven matches of the 25 round regular season. In 1988 Boustead resumed his career with the North Sydney Bears making thirty-three appearances in his last three seasons before retiring at the end of 1990.
After retirement.
In the late 1980s after a survey was conducted to gauge public support for the introduction of a North Queensland team in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership returned an overwhelming positive response, a major step was taken with the appointment of a promotions manager for the bid. Boustead was appointed to this task in 1990. He was also coaching rugby league in the Winfield State League at this time and North Queensland became the first regional side to win the competition in 1991 under Boustead.
In 2000 he was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for his contribution to Australia's international standing in the sport of rugby league.
Boustead returned to the game as the Chief Executive of the newly promoted North Queensland Cowboys in 1995 but resigned after five competition matches when the club aligned itself with Super League. He served on the NRL Judiciary Tribunal from 1997–98 and in 2000.
In February 2008, Boustead was named in the list of the "Australian rugby league's 100 greatest players" (1908-2007) which was commissioned by the National Rugby League and Australian Rugby League to celebrate the code's centenary year in Australia.
Surprisingly Boustead's position was usurped in the Queensland Team of the Century announced on the night of game II of the 2008 State of Origin by two wingers who were not named in the Australian 100 Greatest - Cec Aynsley and Denis Flannery.
In 2009 Boustead was inducted into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame.
Family.
Kerry Boustead is married to Leigh. Their daughter Cara Boustead (born 1989), is a Physical Education teacher and a professional runner who is a regular competitor at such events as the Stawell Gift women's 120 metre race. In 2014, Cara won the Burnie Gift in Tasmania.

</doc>
<doc id="9742695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742695" title="Medical Teams International">
Medical Teams International

Medical Teams International (formerly Northwest Medical Teams) is a non-profit humanitarian aid and global health organization. Medical Teams International has mobilized 2,000 medical aid teams since 1979, shipped $1.3 billion in medical aid since 1986, provided care to 4.5 million people in 53 nations in 2008, and sent more than 2,600 volunteers serving annually in its various programs all over the world.
Mission.
The mission of this non-governmental organization (NGO) is "to demonstrate the love of Christ to people affected by disaster, conflict and poverty." They provide humanitarian aid to people in need regardless of a person’s religious background, affiliation or experience.
Aid recipients are not asked to participate in faith-based activities in order to receive medical care or supplies. Volunteers are welcome regardless of faith as long as they can support the mission of Medical Teams International.
History.
An Oregon businessman, Ron Post, founded Northwest Medical Teams (now Medical Teams International) in 1979, in response to reports of thousands of Cambodian refugees escaping the killing fields. Twenty-eight medical volunteers joined the first team to Thailand to care for survivors of the Khmer Rouge.
This work has now expanded beyond their International Headquarters and Distribution Center in Tigard, Oregon. They now have offices in Seattle, Washington, D.C., Minnesota and Michigan. Additionally, Medical Teams International has field offices in Cambodia, Indonesia, Liberia, Mexico, Moldova, Sri Lanka, Uganda, Uzbekistan and Vietnam.
Programs.
From Medical Teams International’s Web site [http://www.medicalteams.org]:
Their programs include:
Volunteers.
Medical professionals from around the world volunteer on teams that address needs ranging from training midwives in Honduras to providing mobile medical clinics in internally displaced persons (IDP) camps in Uganda to forming emergency medical services (EMS) programs in Moldova.
Finances.
Medical Teams International is non-profit, supported by the donations of individuals, corporations, medical institutions and churches. Every $30 helps send $4,893 in humanitarian aid and supplies to people in need. More than 96 percent of all donations goes to their programs and services.
Donations also include medicines and medical supplies given by institutions, companies and individuals to be sent to hospitals and clinics in more than 70 countries each year. These donations include bandages, medicines, sterilizers, medical instruments and surgical equipment. Shipments of these supplies have equipped and modernized surgical units and clinics and improved medical workers' ability to care for patients.

</doc>
<doc id="9742707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742707" title="Waste pond">
Waste pond

A waste pond or chemical pond is a small impounded water body used for the disposal of water pollutants, and sometimes utilized as a method of recycling or decomposing toxic substances. Such waste ponds may be used for regular disposal of pollutant materials or may be used as upset receivers for special pollution events. Often, chemical ponds themselves are addressed for cleanup action after their useful life is over or when a risk of groundwater contamination arises. Peak usage of waste ponds in the United States occurred in the period 1955 to 1985, after which the environmental risks of pond technology were sufficiently understood, such that alternative technologies for waste disposal gradually began to displace many of the waste ponds. Waste ponds often have pond liners, such as concrete or robust synthetic polymeric materials, to prevent infiltration of chemicals to soil or groundwater.
Examples.
Piscataway chemical pond.
One idea of a chemical pond is situated in the woods of Piscataway, New Jersey. It was used by Union Carbide during the active phase of plant operation. Its main use was for drainage of chemicals. Hazardous and exotic chemicals would go down drains in the plant to the pond and later be pumped back to the factory via two large pumps. There it would be distilled to remove acetone and other hazardous chemicals from the mix. This process was overall harmful to the environment and polluted the groundwater.
Oak Ridge waste pond.
The United States Oak Ridge National Laboratory operated for more than 50 years, performing research and production at its facility in the Melton Valley area of the Oak Ridge Reservation, in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, before it was decommissioned in the mid 1960s. One of the results of this activity was a waste pond, which was contaminated with radioactive waste including strontium-90, caesium-137; tritium, and transuranics.
During the 1970s, the pond was backfilled with clay and shale, and finally capped with asphalt. 
In the mid 1990s, as a temporary solution to concerns that soil and sediments could migrate into nearby streams and, ultimately, reservoirs used for recreation and drinking water supplies, Department of Energy officials installed a cryogenic stabilization system at the waste pond, freezing the soil and groundwater to a depth of approximately around the pond, thereby forming a barrier to groundwater leaching. 
In February 2004, the cryogenic system was dismantled, replaced with a temporary thermal foam blanket to keep the soil cold, and the pond was excavated. The soil in the areas surrounding the frozen pond contained lower levels of contamination than the pond itself, but enough contamination that it had to be removed. Approximately of soil were removed from the surrounding areas. Another of soil were excavated from the pond itself.

</doc>
<doc id="9742723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742723" title="List of The Evil Dead characters">
List of The Evil Dead characters

There are many characters in "The Evil Dead", a franchise created by director Sam Raimi.
Characters.
Main characters.
Ash Williams.
Ashley J. Williams is the protagonist and iconic character of the entire series. Ash evolves over the course of the series from a cowardly college student to a wise cracking zombie slayer with his detachable hand chainsaw and 12 gauge "boomstick". Ash was portrayed in nearly every "Evil Dead" incarnation by cult actor Bruce Campbell, with the only exception being in , in which he was played by Ryan Ward.
Linda.
Linda is Ash's girlfriend throughout the series. She is very much in love with Ash and keeps a necklace he gave her close to her at all times. In the first film, Evil Cheryl stabs her in the ankle with a pencil and is unable to be moved out of the cabin. After Scotty leaves, Linda becomes possessed and taunts Ash until she is dragged outside of the cabin and returns to attack Ash. After a struggle, Ash buries her outside and places a crude cross at her grave only to have her burst from the ground and tear at his leg. Once entirely free from the grave she runs at Ash who swings his shovel and takes off her head.
In the second film, Linda is shown in the re-cap of the first film at the beginning of this film. In this version she dies the same way (decapitation), however, she rises yet again. Once Ash returns to the cabin she escapes from her grave and dances headless outside the cabin. Ash watches as her head rolls along the ground and up her body to rest on her neck, unmoving. Linda then reaches out to Ash and drops her head in his lap. She bites hard into Ash's hand and he can only remove her by crushing her head in a vise and roughly tearing his hand away. Ash is then attacked by the body of Linda, who is now wielding a chainsaw, he manages to get the upper hand and Linda is killed once again; first her body, then her head.
In the third film, Linda is shown in Ash's flashback as he is being dragged through the sand by Arthur's men. Linda is attacked by the evil through a window in this version, much like Shelly was in the first film.
Linda is the only character to appear (or even be mentioned) in all three films, And also the only character who did not originally appeared in "Within the Woods". She is played by three different actresses, In the first film, she is played by Betsy Baker, in the second by Denise Bixler and in the third by Bridget Fonda.
Evil Ash.
Evil Ash is the evil incarnation of Ash Williams and the primary antagonist of the series.
In "Evil Dead II", Evil Ash briefly possessed Ash during the beginning of the film before the day breaks which returns Ash to normal. Later, Evil Ash once again resurface and attacks both Annie and Jake (With the latter being killed by Henrietta afterwards). However after seeing Linda's necklace, Ash fights control over the spiritual deadite and is defeated once more.
In "Army of Darkness", He was first seen in the form of Tiny Ashes jumping out from a mirror after Ash was chased into a windmill by the Evil Force, and one jumping down his throat. It was then that his dark side manifested in physical form and split from him. Ash killed him by a shotgun blow to the head and buried him, but he was resurrected when Ash misspoke the words of the Necronomicon. He led the army of darkness against Arthur and also possesses Sheila, hinting that he (or at least the zombie version of him) is a combination of Ash's dark side and the Evil Force (supported by a statement made by Wiseman), only to be killed again by Ash at the end of the battle.
Mia Allen.
Mia Allen is the fictional protagonist of the 2013 remake of Evil Dead, played by Jane Levy, and created by Fede Alvarez.
She is the sister of David, and a friend of Olivia and Erics'. Mia is probably the most developed character in the remake, beside David. She is a recovering heroin addict, and her quitting cold turkey is the main reason the characters traveled to the cabin in the first place.
She is the only survivor of her group of friends, and one of the few people who have defeated the demons of the book.
Supporting characters in "The Evil Dead".
Cheryl Williams.
Cheryl Williams is Ash's sister and the odd woman out in the group. She is the first to sense the danger surrounding the cabin and is entirely ignored by her friends. Even after returning to the cabin battered, bruised, and half naked after being brutally raped by the possessed trees her friends dismiss her and decide she must have been attacked by an animal. She is the first of the group to become possessed by the Evil and attacks Linda with a pencil. To prevent further injury to the others, she is locked in the cellar where she eventually escapes and together with Evil Scotty attacks Ash, beating the latter with a fireplace poker. She meets the same fate as Scotty when the Book of the Dead is destroyed in the fireplace. Cheryl was never mentioned again in the sequels, but was in the short "Within the Woods" as Ash's girlfriend (which Linda did not originally appeared) and the main protagonist (instead of Ash). She was portrayed by Ellen Sandweiss. Although according to producer Rob Tapert in the commentary for Evil Dead II, a version of the recap had Cheryl in it.
Scotty.
Scotty was good looking, cocky and a bit of a clown, if not for one unfortunate characteristic he would have been the ideal hero. Scotty holds his own fairly well until he is forced to kill his girlfriend, Shelly, who became possessed by the Evil. Soon after her demise he chose to take his chances with the woods and escape the cabin, leaving Ash on his own to tend to an injured Linda. He returns seriously injured only to die, become possessed by the Evil, pin Ash to the floor while Evil Cheryl beats the former with a fireplace poker, and meet his ultimate demise when Ash manages to get a hold of the Necromonicon and throw it into the fireplace. Scotty was never mentioned again in the sequels, although according to producer Rob Tapert in the commentary for "Evil Dead II", a version of the recap had Scotty in it. Scotty was portrayed by Scott Spiegel in "Within the Woods" and by Richard Demanincor (Credited as Hal Delrich) in "The Evil Dead".
Shelly.
Shelly is Scotty's girlfriend and probably the least developed character in the film. After Cheryl is possessed Shelly retreats back to her room where she is possessed by the Evil which hurls itself through a window. Soon after she viciously attacks Scotty who has no choice but to stab and dismember her. With help from Ash, Shelly is buried outside the cabin. Shelly was never mentioned again in the sequels, But the scene where she gets possessed was later use for Linda. She is played by Theresa Tilly (Credited as Sarah York). Although according to producer Rob Tapert in the commentary for Evil Dead II, a version of the recap had Shelly in it.
Supporting characters in "Evil Dead II".
Annie Knowby.
Annie is Professor Knowby's and Henrietta's daughter. She travels to the cabin to proceed with her research on the book of the dead, which her father was also pursuing. Throughout most of the film she is just an observer, she doesn't actually get in on the action until most of her comrades are dead. When Ash is possessed by the Evil she runs inside and accidentally stabs an already injured Jake in the chest with the Kandarian Dagger. Annie drags him down the hall and into the cabin's main room. She then desperately tries to pull Jake back from the clutches of Evil Henrietta when she learns she left Jake too close to the cellar opening but it's to no avail.
Later when she learns that Ash is back to his old self again both she and Ash decide to gather up the pages of the book and finish off the Evil. In the middle of reading, she is stabbed by Ash's evil hand. She finishes translating the text before she dies. She was portrayed by Sarah Berry.
A Deadite-possessed Annie returns as a boss in "", where Ash fights her in a fruit cellar for the Kandarian Dagger.
Jake.
Jake is Bobby Joe's boyfriend and an incredibly stereotypical Southerner. He is first seen when Annie and Ed ask for help to the cabin, setting up a roadblock sign in front of the destroyed bridge. Once at the cabin, Jake and the others throw a confused Ash into the cellar after he mistakenly attacks them. Later, after Bobby Joe runs from the cabin and disappears, Jake loses it and makes Ash and Annie leave the cabin with him, throwing the pages of the Necromonicon into the cellar. As they leave the cabin, Jake's concern for Bobby Joe leads him to frantically call for her at the top of his lungs when they see there is no trail, ignoring Ash's warnings and even physically attacking him while the latter reprimands him, and then attacking Annie while she attempts to defend Ash. His ignorance soon proves to be his undoing, as Ash is possessed by the Evil and throws Jake headfirst into a tree. Jake manages to escape Ash long enough to seek help from Annie within the cabin. Unfortunately, the confused and frightened Annie stabs him in the chest with the Kandarian Dagger, and in her rush to get away from the possessed Ash, slams the door on Jake's body several times before pulling him inside. Jake is then dragged screaming down the hall by Annie and left a bit too close to the cellar door, he lies defenseless and is eaten by Henrietta. His bloody skeleton, covered in tattered clothing, is later seen when Ash travels to the basement to find the pages; thinking that the sound of the boiler is a monster, Ash investigates and finds the pages, and Jake's fleshless remains fall on top of him from behind, freaking him out. He was played by Sam Raimi film regular Dan Hicks.
Bobby Joe.
Bobby Joe is Jake's girlfriend. She meets up with Annie and company while they're attempting to find a way to the cabin. Along with Jake, she helps Annie and co. get to the cabin via a back trail. Once at the cabin she is mistakenly shot at through the cabin's door by a frightened Ash. After recovering, she spends most of the time complaining and screaming until being frightened by Ash's possessed severed hand and running outside the cabin. Once outside, she is grabbed by vines and dragged at incredible speed though the woods to be eaten by a large demonic tree. On a side note she was supposed to be ripped in half by the tree but the filmmakers took it out because it would be too graphic, although the first film showed Shelly being bloodily dismembered by Scotty with an axe and her hacked-off parts convulsing on the floor. She was played by Kassie Wesley.
Ed Getley.
Ed is Annie's coworker and apparent boyfriend, he travels with her to the cabin to proceed with their research of the book of the dead. Soon after they arrive at the cabin, Ed becomes possessed by the Evil and attacks Bobby Joe, ripping her hair out with his teeth. Ed then throws an attacking Jake into a lightbulb as Annie looks on in shock. Ash kills Ed with a fatal hit from a newly acquired axe to the head. There were a bunch of scenes where he got up with the axe in the head, where he was still trying to kill everyone even with his head half off 
(in part due to Annie's refusal to help Ash dismember his corpse), but it was cut. He was portrayed by Richard Domeier.
Professor Raymond Knowby.
Professor Knowby is Annie's father and Henrietta's husband. He traveled to the cabin to finish his research on the necronomicon. However, things turn out very badly when he recites a passage from the book releasing the Evil surrounding the woods. He is attacked by his wife and is forced to lock her in the cellar. Before succumbing to the Evil himself, he manages to leave a tape explaining the terror he has unleashed and later shows up as a spirit explaining to Annie how to get rid of it. In "The Evil Dead", his voice was performed by Bob Dorian and was personified by John Peaks in "Evil Dead II".
Henrietta Knowby.
Henrietta is Professor Knowby's wife and Annie's mother. She travels to the cabin with Professor Knowby to research the book of the dead. Henrietta is possessed soon after the Professor reads from the book and attempts to kill her husband. She is soon killed by her own husband, who didn't have the heart to dismember her corpse (the only way to definitely kill a deadite) and is buried in the cellar. Non-possessed Henrietta appears once in the film feebly beckoning to Annie to open the cellar door and let her out. Annie almost falls for it, but is convinced otherwise by Ash. Locked in the cellar for most of the film she taunts the captives and tries unsuccessfully to get them to open the cellar door. She attacks Ash when he is thrown in the cellar after mistakenly attacking Annie and company. Later Henrietta is able to eviscerate an injured Jake who is dragged a bit too close to the cellar door by Annie. Finally Ash and Annie open the cellar and prepare to kill her once and for all. After a fierce battle in which Henrietta gruesomely transforms into an even more disgusting looking creature, she is decapitated, shot through the head, and killed by Ash with help from Annie singing a lullaby to distract her. She is played by Lou Hancock in her normal form and Ted Raimi in her possessed form.
Supporting roles from "Army of Darkness".
Arthur.
Arthur is the ruler of a small kingdom who is at war with Henry the Red and his men. After Ash arrives to the past, Arthur mistakes him for one of Henry's men and later throws him into a pit with deadites inside it. After Ash defeats the deadites and escapes, he defeats Arthur and forces him to help him return to his time. Arthur and his men fight alongside Ash against Evil Ash's army of Deadites, in which Henry the Red joins forces with Arthur to fight them. After Evil Ash and his army are defeated, Arhtur and Henry become friends, ending the war between them. In the original draft of the script, he does not survive the final battle, and is given a funeral before Ash attempts to return to his own time. Arthur was portrayed by Marcus Gilbert
He may be a reference to King Arthur.
Henry the Red.
Henry the Red is Arthur's foe and at war with him. Captured at the beginning of the film, Ash sets him and his surviving men free after escaping the deadite pit. Later on (during a deleted scene of the film), Ash meets with him to talk him into helping fight against the deadites and save Arthur's kingdom, something he isn't wild about. The results of this discussion are revealed later as Henry's men flank the deadites, causing their ranks to break and flee (in certain cuts of the film, this is never shown but for a brief mention; instead it's implied the destruction of Evil Ash is what causes the deadites to run away).
After the battle Arthur and Henry's men face off against each other, but instead of fighting embrace as friends, putting an end to the long war between the two men.
Sheila.
Sheila was a peasant in Arthur's kingdom whom Ash romances. Her brother was killed in a battle with Henry the Red, she attacks Ash (who was at the time assumed to be one of Henry's men) and results in him falling into the pit to face the trapped deadite. However, Ash survives, and she warms up to him (much to Ash's annoyance at first, though they tend to reconcile rather quickly and spend the night together). She's the film's main love interest.
She was kidnapped by a flying deadite after Ash recovered the Necronomicon improperly, and corrupted by Evil Ash. During the main battle with the deadites, she stands in the path of the Deathcoaster, causing Ash to quickly veer to avoid her and crash (moments later she tries to kill him in her deadite form, and is pitched over a wall to the grown below). After Evil Ash was defeated, she returned to normal. Sheila was portrayed by Embeth Davidtz
In the original draft of the script, Ash saves her life early on, and they become close much faster than the final cut of the film. However she does not survive the final battle.
Blacksmith.
The Blacksmith has no given name in the film, but appears in several key scenes, notably assisting Ash in the creation of both his prosthetic metal hand and the Deathcoaster. He takes a liking to him during the deadite pit fight, is saved from the deadite witch by Ash after a failed attempt to take said witch down, and is the first to voice support in fighting against the deadite horde instead of fleeing. He was portrayed by Timothy Patrick Quill, a long time friend of Sam Raimi. In the video game "Army Of Darkness : Defense", he is called Smithy.
Goldtooth.
Goldtooth is one of Arthur's men, and notably the one whipping Ash and Henry the Red's men at the start of the film as they're dragged to the castle. Ash makes note to single him out once he recovers his shotgun to threaten. He later reappears for the battle against the deadites.
Notably his name is never mentioned in the actual film, only the script and credits (his name being derived from the gold tooth in his mouth). In the original draft of the script he rode the Deathcoaster with Ash, only to be pulled into the deadite horde and himself resurface as one of the undead.
Wiseman.
The Wiseman is a priest who is initially the only one who truly believes Ash is the prophesized "Hero from the Sky", the man who would (supposedly) permanently destroy the Evil Dead. He keeps a hold of Ash's weapons when the latter is thrown into the pit (in part due to Sheila hitting him in the head with a thrown rock), and throws Ash his chainsaw while fighting one of the trapped deadites, allowing him to decapitate and kill the creature. He then later tells Ash about the importance of keeping the Necronomicon away from the deadites, and tells him the incantation to properly retrieve the book ( klatu verata nicto), although Ash eventually forgets them and attempts to trick the book by mumbling, releasing the Army of the Dead. He is last seen when he makes the magic potion to allow Ash to travel back home. He is portrayed by Ian Abercrombie.
David Allen.
David Allen is the brother of Mia in the film. His girlfriend, Natalie, along with two other friends, Eric and Olivia, died in Evil Dead. However, he's the only one of his friends who didn't get possessed by the demon.
Other.
The Evil Force.
The Evil Force is an evil entity that was released when Professor Knowby recited passages from the Necronomicon. All victims of the Evil's possession display some degree of superhuman strength, being able to easily throw full grown human adults across a room with one hand and punch through solid wood, and deadites that are already deceased upon possession display other abilities, as seen in the case of Henrietta, who was able to fly and transform into a snake-headed creature, referred to by the cast and crew of Evil Dead II as "Mr. Pee-Wee Head"; however, living possession victims have shown an ability to levitate. Sunlight is able to drive the evil force away and return those who are possessed back to their original state, as seen in Evil Dead II. In The Evil Dead, the Evil is released by Ash and his friends and subsequently possesses them. In Evil Dead II, the Evil Force is given a physical form, a large demonic tree-like creature with the heads of its victims on the side; also called "Rotten Apple Head". Ash's head is one of the faces embedded in the creature's side, despite the fact that it hasn't killed him; it could be possible that Ash's head was there because he was to be the Evil's next victim until Annie drove the Evil back through time to the year 1300. In Army of Darkness, the Evil is seen briefly, where it chases Ash into a windmill. Its power is later said to be responsible for raising the army of the dead. Most of the Evil's scenes are shown through its point of view. It is somewhat implied that the Evil may be composed of more than one entity, as individual Deadites often refer to themselves as a group rather than a singular. The back of The Evil Dead case even suggests that there is more than one demon. In The Evil Dead, Sam Raimi, using a device that modifies his voice, provided the voice of the Evil Force, in Evil Dead II, the force is voiced by William Preston Robertson, who also voices the laughing inanimate objects.
It is possible that the Evil entered the mirror in both Evil Dead II and Army of Darkness to briefly become his reflection; this would mean that The Evil becomes one with Ash's dark side, and that both manifest into Evil Ash. In Army of Darkness, Wiseman refers to Evil Ash as "The Evil", and a Necronomicon page said that the figure (later revealed to be Ash) was destined to destroy the evil, and at the end of Army of Darkness, Evil Ash is destroyed by Ash.

</doc>
<doc id="9742733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742733" title="Kujtesa">
Kujtesa

Kujtesa is an Internet Services and Cable TV provider located in Pristina, Kosovo. 
It was founded in 1995. Their biggest achievement was in 2006 when they launched a huge marketing campaign all over Kosovo - making them the first broadband provider in the region.
References.
SD Channels.
Movies
Reality
Documentaries
Music
Sports
Sports.
and many other sport exclusive only on KUJTESA SPORT.

</doc>
<doc id="9742742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742742" title="Charles Duff">
Charles Duff

Charles Duff (1894-1966) was a British author of books on language learning and other subjects.
Duff served as an officer in the British Merchant Navy in World War I and then in the intelligence division of the Foreign Office and Diplomatic Service. He resigned from the Foreign Office in the 1930s, claiming it was solidly supportive of fascism in Spain and ready to back a similar system in Britain.
After he retired, he taught linguistics and languages in London and Singapore while writing travel guides, histories, satires, and a series of text books for the active self-learner 

</doc>
<doc id="9742759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742759" title="Mohamed Salim">
Mohamed Salim

Mohamed Salim Mubarak () (born in 1968), is a footballer from UAE who played as a defender for Al-Ahli Club in Dubai, and the UAE national football team. He was in the squad of UAE team in the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy but never played in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9742768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742768" title="Nautical tourism">
Nautical tourism

Nautical tourism is an increasingly popular way to combine love of sailing and boating with vacation and holiday activities. First defined as an industry segment in Europe and South America, it has since caught on in the United States and the Pacific Rim. 
About.
Not only is nautical tourism an enjoyable way to see unique parts of the world, it is also a very profitable industry. Many tourists who enjoy sailing combine water travel with other activities. Supplying the equipment and accessories for those activities has spawned businesses for those purposes. With many nautical enthusiasts living on board their vessels even in port, nautical tourists bring demand for a variety of goods and services. Marinas developed especially for nautical tourists have been built in Europe, South America and Australia.
Services.
Tourist services available at marinas catering to nautical tourists include:
By region.
Nautical Tourism In Europe and Along the Mediterranean Coast.
Among the more interesting locations frequented by nautical tourists, the Croatian coast offers services at more than 50 ports, touting it as Mediterranean as it once was. Croatia's efforts have been so successful they have been offered to the tourism industry as a model for sustainable nautical tourism. During this year's Adriatic Boat Show the official ceremony of opening the construction site of marina for mega-yachts has been held. Marina Mandalina & Yacht Club, situated in Šibenik, in 2011 will be able to accept 79 yachts up to 100 meters in length and provide them a complete service. Italy has gone to great lengths to attract boating tourists to its ports as well.
Nautical Tourism in the Pacific.
Australia has invested $1.5 billion in facilities designed to attract nautical tourists and promote development of nautical tourism as a segment of the tourist trade.
Nautical Tourism in South America.
A growing worldwide industry segment, nautical tourism has become popular in South America. The Brazilian Ministry of Tourism has a website devoted to the subject. Puerto Rico has seen its share of growth in nautical tourism as well. Not to be outdone, the Chilean Economic Development Agency has launched the Chilean Patagonia Nautical Tourism Program to develop and attract nautical tourists to the Chilean coast.
Nautical Tourism in the United States.
Nautical tourism is big business, even in the United States. In the Southeast, the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway, a meandering river and canal system that traverses Alabama and Mississippi linking the Tennessee River with the Gulf of Mexico, has become a favorite boating trail for nautical tourists who want a diverse route with a scenic view. Originally conceived as an alternate shipping route for barges destined for the Midwest, the route proved too awkward for large tows. However, boating enthusiasts discovered it as a great way to see Middle-America. Stops along the way include Mobile, Alabama, Demopolis, Alabama, and Amory and Columbus in Mississippi. Traveling north from the Gulf, boaters can follow the Tennessee River its intersection with the Ohio and travel a circuitous route back to the Gulf by way of New Orleans.
Likewise, the Intracoastal Waterway system, which stretches from Texas to New Jersey, has long provided nautical tourists with a well-marked channel and an inside passage that allows boaters to travel from southern Texas up the eastern seaboard without having to venture onto the high seas. Using this route, boaters can stop at Galveston, Texas, any number of towns in southern Louisiana, including New Orleans. Farther west, Apalachicola, Florida provides a glimpse of Florida the way it used to be.

</doc>
<doc id="9742791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742791" title="Western Climate Initiative">
Western Climate Initiative

The Western Climate Initiative, or WCI, was started in February 2007 by the governors of five western states (AZ, CA, NM, OR, and WA) with the goal of developing a multi-sector, market-based program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
History.
The Western Climate Initiative, or WCI, was started in February 2007 by the governors of five western states (AZ, CA, NM, OR, and WA) to evaluate and implement ways to reduce their states's emissions of greenhouse gases and achieve related co-benefits. These states and future participants in the initiative (collectively know as WCI "partners") also committed to set an overall regional goal to reduce emissions (set in August 2007 as 15 percent below 2005 emission levels by 2020), participate in a cross-border greenhouse gas registry to consistently measure and track emissions, and adopt clean tailpipe standards for passenger vehicles. By July 2008, the initiative had expanded to include two more states (MT and UT) and four Canadian provinces (BC, MB, ON, and QC). Together, these WCI partners comprised 20 percent of U.S. GDP and 76 percent of Canadian GDP.
Goals and design.
The most ambitious and controversial objective of the WCI was to develop a multi-sector, market-based program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Detailed design recommendations for a regional cap-and-trade program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions were released by the WCI in September 2008 and July 2010. By December 2011, California and Quebec adopted regulations based on these recommendations. (The WCI has no regulatory authority of its own.) Key administrative aspects of the regional cap-and-trade program are being implemented in 2012. Power plants, refineries, and other large emitters must comply with the cap in 2013. Other greenhouse gas emission sources, such as suppliers of transportation fuels, must comply with the cap beginning in 2015. Among other things, the Western Climate Initiative lays the foundation for a North American cap-and-trade program, not only in its design and implementation, but in its potential acceptance of greenhouse gas emissions offsets from projects across North America. 
Views of WCI.
Some observers described the entire project as greenwash designed to avoid committing to the Kyoto Protocol, and cited evidence that much more drastic cuts, up to 40%, could be achieved without affecting investment yield in equities, a good indicator that such cuts would not affect economic prospects in the economy as a whole.
Partners vs. observers.
Several U.S. partners, although active participants in the design of the program, announced in 2010 that they would either delay or not implement the program in their jurisdictions. The partnership was therefore streamlined to include only California and the four Canadian provinces actively working to implement the program. As of January 2012, regulations have not been issued by British Columbia, Manitoba, or Ontario, although a carbon tax in British Columbia will be increasing to $30/tonne of CO2 equivalents in July 2012. Several WCI partners also remain active in the International Carbon Action Partnership, an international coordinating body for several such regional carbon trading bodies.
Alberta and Saskatchewan object to cap-and-trade and in July 2008 called WCI's plan a "cash grab by some of Canada's resource-poor provinces." However, Alberta has legislated a small restricted carbon charge of its own. The objections seem to be more related to the reporting and disclosure requirements that would be much higher for a North American project than for one based strictly in Alberta. Monitoring of the carbon-intensive Tar Sands, for instance, is inadequate according even to Alberta's own government. Industry funding to other independent monitoring was also cut. Some of the states that withdrew by late 2011 also intended to develop oil shale, hydraulic fracturing of natural gas and coal resources that would have broad impacts beyond climate on water, including more ocean acidification.
Until late 2011, the initiative included two types of participants: partners and observers.
For several years, the partners were the U.S. states of California, Montana, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, and Washington, and the Canadian provinces of British Columbia, Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec. All states except California withdrew in 2011. "See below re membership."
The observers included at various times Alaska, Colorado, Idaho, Kansas, Nevada, Wyoming, the province of Saskatchewan (which objects to WCI plans for a cap and trade system), and the Mexican states of Baja California, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo Leon, Sonora and Tamaulipas.
Membership changes.
As of December 2011, the remaining WCI members are California and the Canadian provinces British Columbia, Manitoba, Ontario, and Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="9742842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742842" title="Hermann II, Landgrave of Thuringia">
Hermann II, Landgrave of Thuringia

Hermann II (28 March 1222, Creuzburg – 3 January 1241) was the Landgrave of Thuringia and the son of Louis IV, Landgrave of Thuringia, and Saint Elizabeth of Hungary.
With Louis's death in 1227, his brother Henry Raspe assumed the regency due to the minority of four year old Hermann. Henry managed to officially succeed his brother after the death of Elizabeth in 1231. Hermann never reigned and died ten years later; some historians have accused Henry of poisoning the youth.

</doc>
<doc id="9742848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742848" title="Champlin Fighter Museum">
Champlin Fighter Museum

The Champlin Fighter Museum was an aircraft museum located at Mesa, Arizona. It specialized in airworthy World War I and World War II fighters. After 22 years of operation, the Museum was closed on May 26, 2003 and its collection was moved to the Museum of Flight at Seattle's Boeing Field.

</doc>
<doc id="9742860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742860" title="Santa Clara High School (Santa Clara, California)">
Santa Clara High School (Santa Clara, California)

Santa Clara High School is a comprehensive, co-educational, public high school located in Santa Clara, California, United States. It is one of four high schools in the Santa Clara Unified School District (SCUSD).
History.
The school started in 1872 in downtown Santa Clara at 270 Washington Street, what is now the campus of Buchser Middle School. In 1981, the school name moved to what was originally known as Buchser High School (1960-1981) at 3000 Benton Street. The new location picked up the Buchser mascot as the Bruins.
The original school handled grades 10-12, with the middle schools of the district taking grades 6-9. In 1987, the 9th grade was added as the middle schools were phased down. Jefferson Middle School was closed with the campus eventually being sold. Cabrillo Middle School was closed for a period of time but has since reopened.
Swimming.
Alumnus George Haines formed the Santa Clara Swim Club on campus in 1950. By 1960, seven swimmers from the club had qualified for the Olympics. The success of the club attracted swimmers to the high school. As a result of the club, the original Santa Clara High School was responsible for assembling the most Olympic Gold Medalists from a single high school.

</doc>
<doc id="9742877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742877" title="Henry Hook (crossword compiler)">
Henry Hook (crossword compiler)

Henry Hook (born 1955 in East Rutherford, New Jersey) is an American creator of crossword puzzles, widely credited with popularizing the cryptic crossword in North America. With Henry Rathvon and Emily Cox, he writes the crossword for the "Boston Globe".
Hook began constructing crosswords at age 14, when he sent a rebuttal crossword to Eugene T. Maleska. Maleska's crossword contained the hidden message:
You Have Just Finished The World's Most Remarkable Crossword
Hook's crossword contained the hidden message:
What Makes You Think Your Puzzle Is More Remarkable Than Mine
In 1980, Hook joined the staff of "Games".
Stanley Newman's official website has described one of Hook's puzzles as "one of the toughest crosswords (Newman) has ever published"; Matt Gaffney, the crossword constructor for Slate.com, described meeting Hook as being like "meeting Elvis." 

</doc>
<doc id="9742904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742904" title="Rhos-y-gwaliau">
Rhos-y-gwaliau

Rhos-y-gwaliau is a small hamlet in the North of Wales and to the South-East of Bala, in Gwynedd, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="9742908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742908" title="Hidden Valley, Virginia">
Hidden Valley, Virginia

Hidden Valley is the name given to a wide, mostly unforested floodplain of the Jackson River some miles north of Virginia route 39 and west of US Route 220 in the George Washington National Forest. The Forest Service maintains the open character of the land by using it as a large hayfield. Otherwise it would quickly revert to lowland forest, little of which now exists in the eastern United States. Many people enjoy recreational activities on this mountain. There is a campground and a lake at the top of the mountain. It is common to see people hiking, fishing, swimming or just enjoying nature in this beautiful outdoor area.

</doc>
<doc id="9742952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742952" title="Kala Nera">
Kala Nera

Kala Nera ( meaning "good waters") is a village in the municipal unit of Milies, Magnesia, Greece. It is situated in the western part of the mountainous Pelion peninsula, on the Pagasetic Gulf coast. It is 3 km southwest of Milies, 5 km southeast of Agios Georgios Nileias and 17 km southeast of Volos. Its population was 723 in the year 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9742969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742969" title="Gbenga Akinnagbe">
Gbenga Akinnagbe

Gbenga Akinnagbe (born December 12, 1978) is an American actor, best known for his role as Chris Partlow on the HBO original series "The Wire".
Early life and education.
Born in Washington, D.C. to Nigerian parents and grew up in Silver Spring, Maryland, Akinnagbe was in and out of trouble as a youth. He is the second oldest of six children, with one older sister and four younger brothers. He is the first in his family to be born in the U.S. He attended Colonel Zadok A. Magruder High School in Rockville, Maryland. Akinnagbe attended Bucknell University on a wrestling scholarship, majoring in Political Science and English. He is the cousin of DC rapper Wale.
Career.
He played "Ben Ellis" in the episode Contenders on the TV series "Numb3rs". In the summer of 2006, Akinnagbe performed the role of "Zim" in the NYC Fringe Festival's "Outstanding Play" award-winning production of "Modern Missionary". In 2003, Akinnagbe auditioned for the role of Chris Partlow on the HBO series "The Wire" and starting in 2004 began a frequent recurring role. In 2008 during the show's fifth and final season, he was promoted to a series regular. 
In 2007, Akinnagbe appeared in the film "The Savages" with Philip Seymour Hoffman, Laura Linney, and Philip Bosco. He appeared in the remake of "The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3", which was released by Sony in June 2009. Akinnagbe made a guest appearance on a ' episode entitled as Elijah Okello, a former Ugandan child soldier living in New York, facing deportation. Akinnagbe's former The Wire cast mate Robert Wisdom also appeared in that episode as Father Theo Burdett. In 2010 in Seattle, Washington Akinnagbe starred in world premiere play "The Thin Place" at The Intiman Theatre. He was also in the movie "Lottery Ticket" and is currently in "The Good Wife" as Pastor Isiah Easton. His former co-star from the "The Wire", Frankie Faison, portrayed his father on the show in several episodes. He is currently starring as Kelly Slater, a new nurse in the 3rd season of the Showtime series "Nurse Jackie". He will be seen in the lead role of Jack in the upcoming Independent film "Home", directed by Jono Oliver. He is currently playing a drug lord in the USA series "Graceland" and stars as CIA agent Erik Ritter in '.
Writing career.
As of 2009, Gbenga has begun a writing career, having had two articles published in "The New York Times", one detailing a trip to Nepal to climb the Himalayas, and the other outlining the medical procedures he underwent to correct his severely flat feet.

</doc>
<doc id="9742973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742973" title="Zuker">
Zuker

Zuker is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9742981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742981" title="Charles Leedham-Green">
Charles Leedham-Green

Charles R. Leedham-Green is a retired professor of mathematics at Queen Mary, University of London, known for his work in group theory. He completed his DPhil at the University of Oxford.
Along with Leonard Soicher, Leedham-Green designed the product replacement algorithm; an algorithm within computational group theory that generates random elements of groups by taking a random walk through the group. This algorithm has been implemented in both GAP and MAGMA.
He is responsible for a great body of work in group theory. In recent times, this has involved research in computational group theory and pro-p groups.
The 300th edition of the Journal of Algebra was dedicated to him for his 65th birthday.
On the occasion of his retirement in 2006, the Mathematics Research Centre at Queen Mary held a conference in celebration of his mathematical achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="9742989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742989" title="Rhoscolyn">
Rhoscolyn

Rhoscolyn is a village located on Holy Island, Anglesey, Wales. It is just over five miles south of Holyhead and is the most southerly settlement on the island. The name Rhoscolyn is said to mean "The Moor" "(Rhos)" of The Column "(colyn)", referring to a pillar which the Romans put up to mark the edge of their territories.
A little to the west of the village is a mediaeval well dedicated to St Gwenfaen beside which are the remains of a drystone well house measuring 4.5m east-west by 5.5m. The local church in the village itself is dedicated to the same saint and was first built in the 6th century.
Rhoscolyn is bordered to the south by a small enclosed bay called "Borthwen" which is bordered by a public beach. There was once a lifeboat station on Borthwen which was open between 1830 and 1929 which has been replaced by a navigational beacon on Ynysoedd Gwylanod ("Gulls' Island"). Around these waters at the end of the 18th century was a thriving oyster catching industry but this declined once the beds had been depleted. Existing buildings include the local pub, "The White Eagle", reportedly a favourite of Prince William of Wales, and the primary school which is found just over a mile north of the village.
Probably the most significant lifeboat incident here was the launch to the 'Timbo': On 1/12/1920 a small coaster, the Timbo, was en route to Ireland from Holyhead when she was overcome by a storm off South Stack and began to drift down the coast. The lifeboat was launched, with great difficulty in the heavy seas, and made a number of attempts to get a line aboard her, without success, until the cox decided no more could be done and the lifeboat started its return journey, from a point close to Llanddwyn Island. The lifeboat capsized and 5 of the 13 man crew were lost, and, a little later, 4 men from the Timbo as well. The ship eventually became stranded at Dinas Dinlle, was eventually refloated with the use of tugs until she struck the Carreg y Trai (Ebb Rocks) reef off Abersoch and was lost.

</doc>
<doc id="9742996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9742996" title="Galhinna">
Galhinna

Galhinna (, pronounced ; , pronounced ) is a village situated in the Kandy District, Sri Lanka. It is located some 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north-west of the city of Kandy, and at an altitude of 675 metres (2,215 ft) above sea level is one of the highest points in Kandy.
Etymology.
The name Galhinna is derived from the Sinhalese "gal" and "hena", meaning "stone fence". The name refers to the area's rocky landscapes.
History.
Galhinna is surrounded mainly by tea plantations and rubber estates. It has a rich history and holds an important place in business education. The area is thought to have been inhabited from as early as the 19th century AD.
Galhinna is home to Al Manar Central College, Galhinna, established in 1934. This public school provides education for approximately 1,500 pupils from elementary to GCE Advanced Level.
The Galhinna Grand Mosque is another important place in the village. The grand mosque in the village is one of the oldest in Sri Lanka. Next to it is the Islamic Madrasa named Jamiathul Faththah Arabic College, which has been one of the wealthiest Islamic institutions in Sri Lanka for the past two centuries. The village has several small mosques and a few Buddhist temples in the surrounding areas.
Another girls' Islamic Madrasa is located at Thaqwa Gardens in Galhinna named Dharuth Thaqwa Girls Arabic College, officially started on 23 January 2008. The first batch has passed out in 2012.
Demographics.
Galhinna has an estimated population of 18,507. The majority of the people living in Galhinna are Muslims surrounded mostly by Sinhala villages. Tamil is the major language spoken in Galhinna by the majority of the population. The other languages spoken are Sinhala and English. Galhinna is a cold village and it is frequently covered with fog during noon time.

</doc>
<doc id="9743007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743007" title="Rhoscrowther">
Rhoscrowther

Rhoscrowther () is a village and former civil parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales, west of Pembroke, near the south shore of Milford Haven. It is part of the community of Hundleton.
The placename is Welsh and perhaps means "crwth-player's moor". 
The church is a very early Christian site and was dedicated to Saint Decuman, whence the settlement's original name Llandegeman or Llandegman. It was the "bishop-house" of the cantref of Penfro and one of the seven principal churches in Dyfed under medieval Welsh law. The parish was taken during the Norman invasion of Wales and, as a part of Little England beyond Wales, has been essentially English-speaking for 900 years.
Much of the parish and almost all the medieval village except the church was cleared during the establishment of the BP oil terminal immediately south of the village in 1961 and during the construction of the Texaco refinery immediately to the north three years later. A major explosion occurred at the refinery on 2 June 2011, killing four people.
Census populations of the parish: 219 (1801): 201 (1851): 113 (1901): 131 (1951): 176 (1981)

</doc>
<doc id="9743013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743013" title="List of The Replacements episodes">
List of The Replacements episodes

The following is an episode list for the Disney Channel animated series "The Replacements". The first episode aired on July 28, 2006, as a sneak preview, while the series originally started airing on September 8, 2006. The series ended in 2009 with a total of 52 episodes, as said by Dan Santat. The series finale, "Irreplaceable", aired on March 30, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9743029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743029" title="Glenn Anderson (disambiguation)">
Glenn Anderson (disambiguation)

Glenn Anderson (born 1960) is a retired Canadian pro hockey player.
Glenn Anderson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9743041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743041" title="Rhosmeirch">
Rhosmeirch

Rhosmeirch is a small village in Anglesey, Wales. 
It is located north of the county town, Llangefni, and half a mile west of the reservoir Llyn Cefni.

</doc>
<doc id="9743046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743046" title="Juan Manuel Santos">
Juan Manuel Santos

Juan Manuel Santos Calderón (; born 10 August 1951) is the 32nd and current President of Colombia, in office since 2010. He was Minister of Defence from 2006 to 2009.
An economist by profession and a journalist by trade, Santos is a member of the wealthy and influential Santos family, who from 1913 to 2007 were the majority shareholders of the "El Tiempo" newspaper until its sale in 2007 to Planeta DeAgostini. Shortly after graduating from the University of Kansas, he joined the National Federation of Coffee Growers of Colombia as an economic advisor and delegate to the International Coffee Organization in London, where he also attended the London School of Economics and Political Science. In 1981, he was appointed deputy director of "El Tiempo", becoming its director two years later.
In 1991, he was appointed by President César Gaviria Trujillo as Colombia's first Minister of Foreign Trade. Santos worked in expanding international trade with Colombia, and worked in creating various agencies for this purpose including: Proexport, Bancoldex, and Fiducoldex. In 2000, he was appointed by President Andrés Pastrana Arango as the 64th Minister of Finance and Public Credit.
Santos rose to prominence during the Administration of President Álvaro Uribe Vélez. In 2005, he co-founded and led the Social Party of National Unity (Party of the U), a liberal-conservative party coalition that backed the policies of President Uribe, successfully supporting his attempt to seek a Constitutional reform to be able to run for a second term. In 2006, after Uribe was successfully re-elected, and the Party of the U won a majority of seats in both chambers of Congress, Santos was appointed Minister of National Defence, and continued defending the security policies of President Uribe, taking a strong and forceful stance against FARC and the other guerrilla groups operating in Colombia. He oversaw rescue operations of hostages, including Operation Jaque that led to the rescue of former presidential candidate Íngrid Betancourt, three American citizens, and 11 other members of the Colombian Army that had been held for several years. Though widely viewed as a heroic endeavour that cemented Santos' popularity, the rescue was criticised for misappropriating emblems of the International Red Cross, a violation of the Geneva Conventions.
Early life.
Santos attended the Colegio San Carlos, a private secondary school in Bogotá, where he spend most of his school years until 1967, when he enlisted in the Colombian Navy and transferred to the Admiral Padilla Naval Cadet School in Cartagena, graduating from it in 1969, and continuing in the Navy until 1971, finishing with the rank of naval cadet NA-42 139. After leaving the Navy, Santos moved to the United States where he attended the University of Kansas. A member of Delta Upsilon fraternity, he graduated in 1973 with a Bachelor in Economics and Business Administration. He later attended the London School of Economics and Political Science, graduating with a Master of Science in Economic Development in 1975, and the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, graduating with a Master of Public Administration in 1981. A Fulbright visiting fellow at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University in 1981, and a Nieman visiting fellow at the Harvard Business School at Harvard University in 1988, Santos also holds an honorary Doctor of Laws degree.
Career.
Juan Manuel Santos served as Chief Executive of the National Federation of Coffee Growers of Colombia to the International Coffee Organization in London and Deputy Director of his family owned newspaper "El Tiempo". He was Minister of Foreign Trade of Colombia during the administration of President César Gaviria Trujillo from 1991 to 1994, Minister of Finance and Public Credit of Colombia during the administration of President Andres Pastrana Arango from 2000 to 2002. In 1992 he was appointed President of the VII United Nations Conference on Trade and Development.
In 1994 Juan Manuel Santos founded the Good Government Foundation, whose stated objective is helping and improving the governability and efficiency of the Colombian Government. This organization presented a proposal for a demilitarized zone and peace talks with the FARC guerrilla group.
Minister of Defence.
Santos also founded the Social National Unity Party (Party of the U) to support the presidency of Álvaro Uribe. He was named Minister of Defence on 19 July 2006. During his tenure as Defence Minister, the administration dealt a series of blows against the FARC guerrilla group, including the rescue of Fernando Araújo Perdomo, the death of FARC Secretariat member Raul Reyes in a 2 March 2008 air strike against a guerrilla camp located within Ecuador's borders, and the non-violent rescue of former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt held captive since 2002, along with fourteen other hostages, including three Americans.
During his time as Defence Minister, notable controversial events included a military raid inside Ecuador's territory that killed FARC leader Raúl Reyes on 1 March 2008. There was a misuse of an International Committee of the Red Cross symbol during Operation Jaque used to safely rescue hostages from FARC.
In 2008 the 'false positives' scandal was uncovered, referring to revelations concerning extrajudicial executions carried out by members of the military in order to artificially increase the number of guerrillas killed by the Army and claim rewards from the government.
On 4 November 2008, Santos admitted that the military had carried out extrajudicial executions and he pledged to resolve the issue. Twenty-seven military officers, including three generals and eleven colonels, were sacked after an internal army investigation concluded that they were responsible for administrative failures and irregularities in reporting enemy casualties and operational results. The Commander of the Colombian National Army, General Mario Montoya, resigned. By May 2009, 67 soldiers had been found guilty and over 400 were arrested pending trial.
There are different estimates for the number of civilians who may have been killed in this manner. As of May 2009, prosecutors were investigating more than 900 cases involving over 1.500 victims and 1.177 members of the Colombian security forces. According to the "Coordinación Colombia-Europa-Estados Unidos" NGO coalition and the "Fundación para la Educación y el Desarrollo", an estimated 3.756 extrajudicial executions occurred between 1994 and 2009, of which 3.084 cases would have taken place after 2002.
Families of the victims and non-governmental organisations have held the Uribe administration and Santos, as Defence Minister, responsible for the extrajudicial killings because they consider that the government's reward policies motivated the crimes. Directive 029 of 2005 issued under Defence Minister Camilo Ospina Bernal and presidential decree 1400 of May 2006 have been questioned for offering incentives and benefits in exchange for capturing or killing members of illegal armed groups.
In June 2009, United Nations Special Rapporteur Philip Alston declared that extrajudicial executions had been carried out in a "more or less systematic manner" by numerous Colombian military personnel and found the number of trials for those implicated to be lacking, but stated that he had found no evidence of the executions being an official government policy and acknowledged a decrease in the number of reported cases.
In March 2010, Santos publicly stated these executions had stopped since October 2008 and that this had been confirmed by the CINEP, one of Colombia's foremost human rights defence institutions. "Semana", a well-respected news weekly, reported that a few days later the CINEP responded to Santos's declarations by issuing a press release which stated that, while the number of reported cases had been significantly reduced after the Defence Ministry's measures were announced, the period between November 2008 and December 2009 still saw 7 such executions and 2 arbitrary detentions.
Juan Manuel Santos announced his resignation from the Defence Ministry on 18 May 2009. Santos said that his resignation did not necessarily imply tossing his hat into the 2010 presidential race and that his participation in the electoral race depended on whether Uribe would pursue a third term, which he was willing to support. His resignation took effect on 23 May 2009. When the Constitutional Court ruled out the possibility of Uribe's participation in the upcoming elections, Santos officially launched his campaign for the presidency of the Republic of Colombia.
President of Colombia.
On 20 June 2010, after two rounds of voting in the Presidential election, Juan Manuel Santos Calderón was officially elected as President of Colombia and was inaugurated on 7 August 2010 in the midst of a diplomatic crisis with Venezuela, which was quickly resolved.
Santos announced on 27 August 2012 that the Colombian government has engaged in exploratory talks with FARC in order to seek an end to the conflict. He also said that he would learn from the mistakes of previous leaders, who failed to secure a lasting ceasefire with FARC, though the military would still continue operations throughout Colombia while talks continued. According to an unnamed Colombian intelligence source, Santos would have offered FARC assurances that no one would be extradited to stand trial in another country. The move has been viewed as a cornerstone of Santos' presidency. Former President Uribe has criticised Santos for seeking peace "at any costs" in contrast to his predecessor's rejection of talks.
In October 2012, Santos received the Shalom Prize "for his commitment to seeking peace in his country and worldwide." Upon accepting the award from the Latin American chapter of the World Jewish Congress, Santos stated that “Both the people here and the people in Israel have been seeking peace for decades,” adding that Colombia is in favour of a two-state solution to Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Presidential campaigns.
2014 presidential campaign.
On 20 November 2013, Santos announced his intent to run for re-election in a presidential address, and formalised his intent by filing election papers with the National Civil Registry on 25 November. As the incumbent president he ran virtually unopposed in the Social Party of National Unity convention, receiving 772 votes of the 787 party delegates, and receiving the party's nomination on 28 January 2014. Santos and his allies also lobbied for the support of other political parties, receiving the nomination from the Liberal and Radical Change parties, forming the National Unity Coalition.
On 12 March Santos officially launched his re-election campaign for the 2014 presidential election under the slogan: "We have done much, there is much to be done". On 24 February, Santos announced that the running mate for his 2014 reelection campaign would be is Germán Vargas Lleras, a veteran politician from one of Colombia’s most powerful political dynasties, and his former Minister of Housing, City and Territory. The decision to replace Vice President Garzón as his running mate was an expected one, as Garzón has already announced his desire to retire from politics.
On 15 May, Santos obtained 25.69% of the votes, falling behind his main rival, Óscar Iván Zuluaga Escobar of the Democratic Center, who obtained 29.25% of the votes. Since not one candidate earned the required majority, a run-off election was announced. In the second round, Santos received the backing and support of his former electoral rival: Clara López Obregón of the Alternative Democratic Pole, as well from dissident members of the Conservative and Green parties.
On 15 June, Santos won 50.95% of the popular vote during the second round of the election. President Santos addressed supporters and volunteers gathered at the campaign's headquarters in the Claustro de La Enseñanza after his reelection and said: "This is the end of 50 years of conflict in this country, and it is the beginning of a new Colombia". Santos victory which was much smaller then his landslide result in 2010, was credited with strategic endorsements from left-wing politicians such as Clara López who appeared on a T.V. endorsement for Santos despite having nearly polar opposite views on many issues.Helped Santos who had stumbled neck and neck with his Conservative challenger on polls up to the second election round. Many among the Left that had their fortunes decline since the start of the FARC insurgency and hoped a peaceful negotiation with FARC, which required a Santos victory. Would rehabilitate the left among the Conservative-Liberal dominated political scene in Colombia.
Family and personal life.
Juan Manuel was born on 10 August 1951 in Bogotá to Enrique Santos Castillo and his wife Clemencia Calderón Nieto, the third of four children, his brothers are: Enrique, Luis Fernando, and Felipe. The Santos family has been a well established and influential family since colonial times; his great-great-grandaunt was María Antonia Santos Plata, a martyr of the Independence of Colombia, and his great-granduncle was Eduardo Santos Montejo, President of Colombia between 1938 and 1942, who acquired the national newspaper "El Tiempo". From there, his family has been connected to the newspaper and influenced the political life of the country; Eduardo's brother, Enrique, grandfather of Juan Manuel, and editor in chief of "El Tiempo", was known as ""Calibán"" to his readers, and his three sons, Enrique (Juan Manuel's father) and Hernando Santos Castillo, and Enrique Santos Molano were chief editor, director, and columnist respectively. Through his father's brother, Hernando, and his mother's sister, Elena, Juan Manuel is also first cousin on both sides to Francisco Santos Calderón, former Vice President of Colombia during the previous administration from 2002 to 2010.
Santos first married Silvia Amaya Londoño, a film director and television presenter, but divorced three years later having no children together. He then married María Clemencia Rodríguez Múnera, or ""Tutina"" as she is known to those close to her, an industrial designer he had met while she worked as a private secretary at the Ministry of Communications and he was Deputy Director of "El Tiempo". Together they had three children, Martín (b. 1989), María Antonia (b. 1991), and Esteban (b. 1993).

</doc>
<doc id="9743049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743049" title="Mehmet Kurtuluş">
Mehmet Kurtuluş

Mehmet Kurtuluş (born 27 April 1972 in Uşak, Turkey) is a German actor of Turkish descent. He is best known for his work with German director Fatih Akın.
Biography.
Kurtuluş was born in Uşak, Turkey, and moved at the age of 18 months to Germany, where he grew up with his brother, Tekin, in Salzgitter, Lower Saxony.
He performed several minor television roles in episodes of different TV shows and continued working in theater until his big-screen debut in his main role as the young Turkish boy "Gabriel" in Fatih Akın's film "Kurz und schmerzlos" ("Short Sharp Shock"). After his breakthrough he appeared in the successful TV mini-series "Der Tunnel", of Roland Suso Richter, where he performed alongside Heino Ferch and Nicolette Krebitz. Doris Dörrie chose him for her sex comedy "Naked". He went back to working in television with the love film "Eine Liebe in Saigon" ("Love in Saigon") with Luxembourgian actress Désirée Nosbusch (to whom Kurtuluş is engaged).
Kurtuluş played the main detective role in six episodes of the cult German television series "Tatort". He announced afterwards that he would be working on international projects.

</doc>
<doc id="9743069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743069" title="Rhosnesni">
Rhosnesni

Rhosnesni is a ward in the community of Acton in Wrexham, Wales and constitutes an electoral division of the town of Wrexham. 
The settlement developed around the toll gate on Holt Road (the cottage of which still stands) and was expanded in the late 19th century by the addition of estate houses for the Acton Park estate. Following the breakup of the Acton estate in the 20th century much of the local land was bought up by private developers and Rhosnesni became an urban area.
Rhosnesni High School is situated in the area.
1st Rhosnesni Scout Group and K2 Explorer Scout Unit meet in the Scout Hut which dates from the 1920s.

</doc>
<doc id="9743089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743089" title="Berwin Leighton Paisner">
Berwin Leighton Paisner

Berwin Leighton Paisner (BLP) is an international law firm with over 850 lawyers, including more than 200 partners based across nine offices. The offices are in eight countries around the world, predominantly providing services in corporate, finance, litigation and dispute resolution, real estate and tax. The firm opened three new offices in 2011 and continues to grow both in UK and internationally; in 2011–2012 it recorded an 8% increase in revenue growth to £246million and an increase in net profit to £93million.
BLP's current managing partner is Neville Eisenberg who was re-elected for a fifth three-year term beginning in May 2012, with Real Estate head Robert MacGregor taking over as Chairman at the same time.
BLP is ranked 13th largest in UK law firms by turnover in 2010–11 at £229m, with profit per equity partner at £712k/year, a 56% increase over the year.
History.
BLP's roots lie in the early twentieth century, when the three original law firms were founded. Paisner & Co was established in 1932 by Leslie Paisner and provided general legal advice. Lionel Leighton established Leighton & Co in 1942, a firm that advised on litigation and property development. Berwin & Co was founded in 1963 by Stanley Berwin, specialising in corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, and tax. Leighton & Co and Berwin & Co merged in 1970 to form Berwin Leighton and moved into Adelaide House, the office that houses BLP's current London headquarters.
Berwin Leighton Paisner was formed on 1 May 2001 when the two firms merged, comprising a total of nearly 1000 staff, with 122 partners. The agreement to merge was heralded by a steel band and balloons in the office foyer, following 8 months of negotiations. Neville Eisenberg was elected managing partner of Berwin Leighton in 1999, and has held the same position in BLP since the merger, while Harold Paisner is senior partner.
Offices.
BLP is headquartered in London, with eight other offices across Asia, Europe and the Middle East. The Moscow office was opened in 2009 in the formation of Goltsblat BLP, a 70-strong team that is the only joint venture between an international and local firm in Russia. It contributes roughly a tenth of BLP's overall revenue, reporting a 60% rise in the first half of 2010. The firm opened a Singapore office in 1997, a Hong Kong office in 2012, and has announced plans to open an office in Beijing subject to license approval. BLP also opened offices in Berlin and Frankfurt in 2011.
Through its network of ‘preferred firms’ – representing more than 100 leading firms in over 65 countries – and through its own office network, BLP has worked in over 130 countries in the past two years. The firm has seen 45 percent international revenue growth in the 2011–2012 financial year.
Principal areas of work.
BLP lawyers are ranked in over 60 areas of legal expertise and have experience across 20 industry sectors. These include: commercial contracts; corporate finance; defence and aerospace; dispute resolution; energy and natural resources; EU, competition & Trade; finance; healthcare and education; hotels, leisure and gaming; human resources; insurance; intellectual property; outsourcing; public sector; real estate; retail; regulatory and compliance; restructuring and insolvency; tax; technology, media and telecoms; and transport and infrastructure.
Innovation.
BLP was ranked fifth in Europe in terms of innovation at the FT Innovative Lawyer Awards 2011.
To meet changing needs of clients, the firm created award winning, innovative legal resourcing services, such as Lawyers on Demand (LOD) and Managed Legal Service (MLS). LOD provides its clients with a pool of flexible, freelance lawyers when they need them at low cost. The business separated from BLP on 1 June 2012, however remains headquartered at BLP’s offices – BLP retains an 80 per cent stake in LOD. MLS enables clients to use BLP to manage their legal needs under a long term, fixed-price deal with guaranteed levels of service. MLS has been retained by a major utilities supplier and a well known UK high street bank.

</doc>
<doc id="9743095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743095" title="Contratto">
Contratto

Contratto is an Italian alcoholic beverage company which produces sparkling wine, vermouth, and Contratto Americano Rosso.
Leonetto Cappiello created ads for Contrato.

</doc>
<doc id="9743108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743108" title="Belizean municipal elections, 1989–91">
Belizean municipal elections, 1989–91

Belize municipal elections, 1989–1991 were a series of local elections held in the country of Belize in two parts. Part one was the Belize City Council election held on December 6, 1989, in which the newly elected People's United Party swept all nine seats in Belize City. Part two came more than a year later on March 25, 1991 with municipal elections in the district towns. Here the PUP won 35 of 49 seats, while the UDP won the remaining fourteen.

</doc>
<doc id="9743126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743126" title="Back to the World (Tevin Campbell album)">
Back to the World (Tevin Campbell album)

Back to the World is the third album from R&B singer Tevin Campbell. 
Reception.
In terms of sales, Back To The World was a disappointment compared to his first two albums T.E.V.I.N. (Platinum) and I'm Ready (Double Platinum) only reaching Gold status. Three singles were released off the album: Back To The World was a moderate hit, but the other two singles didn't even reach the Hot 100, I Got It Bad and Could You Learn To Love only managed to reach the R&B charts with very low peak positions.

</doc>
<doc id="9743132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743132" title="2007 Florida Atlantic Owls football team">
2007 Florida Atlantic Owls football team

The 2007 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2007 college football season. The team was coached by Howard Schnellenberger and played their home games at Lockhart Stadium in Ft. Lauderdale, FL. The Owls entered their second season as full members of the Sun Belt Conference.
The Owls claimed their first-ever conference championship, defeating Troy in the last game of the season. To follow-up, the Owls won their first-ever bowl game, winning the 2007 New Orleans Bowl Championship, defeating the Memphis Tigers. This feat made NCAA history, as Florida Atlantic became the fastest start-up program to win a bowl game, after just seven seasons of intercollegiate competition.
Preseason.
The 2007 FAU Owls were heavily experienced, as only four starters (combined offense and defense) graduated from the 5-7 (4-3 SBC) 2006 team. Sophomore Rusty Smith started at quarterback, having faced no battle for the position with senior Sean Clayton. The defense was senior-laden and featured returning starters at linebacker (Cergile Sincere, Andre Clark, and Frantz Joseph), defensive line (Robert St. Clair, Jervonte Jackson, and Josh Pinnick), and at both safety positions (Taheem Acevedo and Kris Bartels). On offense, Smith's right side of the line (Jarrid Smith and John Rizzo) and his center (Nick Paris) returned.
In the Preseason Sun Belt Coaches' Poll, FAU was picked to finish sixth in the conference despite the wealth of experience on both sides of the ball.
Game notes.
Middle Tennessee.
FAU avenged its 35-14 thumping by Middle Tennessee in 2006 by opening the 2007 season with 411 yards of offense. Sophomore Rusty Smith completed 12 of 26 passes, throwing for 195 yards and two touchdowns. The Owls had three rushers run for over 50 yards: Charles Pierre had 95 yards and a touchdown, B.J. Manley ran for 64 yards and Willie Rose added 53 yards. Wide receiver Cortez Gent and tight end Jason Harmon each caught a touchdown from Smith.
Florida Atlantic 1-0 (1-0 SBC)
Oklahoma State.
Although the Owls were riding high on emotions after their Week 1 victory over conference foe Middle Tennessee, it could not carry over into Stillwater. The Owls struggled to get into any type of rhythm throughout the game, scoring only two field goals in the first half and adding nothing to their score in the second. The offense could only garner 28 net yards on the ground and 175 yards in the air throughout the game. Defensively, the Owls did not repeat their performance from the previous week, either. The Owls surrendered 233 net yards to the Cowboys on the ground.
Rusty Smith struggled the entire game, throwing for only 125 yards and an interception. Charles Pierre could only gain 7 yards on the ground through four quarters of play. The telling stat of the day was that punter, Keegan Peterson, accumulated 350 net yards of punting, which was 147 more yards then the Owls total offense (203 yards).
Florida Atlantic 1-1 (1-0 SBC)
Minnesota.
Rusty Smith had the game of his career. In fact, he broke the school records for passing yards and touchdowns in a single game, throwing for 463 yards and five touchdowns. The Owls ended the day with 580 total yards of offense en route of the program's first victory over a BCS conference school. Offensively, FAU dominated Minnesota all four quarters of the game, amassing 42 points on six touchdowns. (Touchdown drives included: 69 yards, 90 yards, 99 yards, 62 yards, 43 yards and 88 yards).
FAU entered half time leading 35-14 after scoring 21 unanswered points in the second quarter. Minnesota rallied in the second half to bring the score within three points, but redshirt freshman Tavious Polo intercepted Gophers quarterback Adam Weber for the third time of the game to seal the victory for the Owls. The win over Minnesota gave FAU its first-ever over a Big Ten school and a BCS conference school.
The victory gave FAU various accolades from across the sporting world. Quarterback Rusty Smith was named Sun Belt Conference Offensive Player of the Week and Cornerback Tavious Polo was named Sun Belt Conference Defensive Player of the Week. Polo was also rewarded with the prestigious Walter Camp Foundation Defensive Player of the Week. Smith was named a finalist (among five others) for USA Today Player of the Week.
The victory also moved FAU up from 92nd to 82nd in the CBS Sportsline.com 120 Ranking. That is the highest the program has been ranked by CBS in the program's short seven-year history.
Florida Atlantic 2-1 (1-0 SBC)
North Texas.
Rusty Smith followed up his Minnesota performance with another spectacular showing. Throwing for 322 yards and a touchdown, the highlight of his night came in the fourth quarter when the Owls needed to rally from a 4-point deficit. Smith connected with wide receiver Cortez Gent for a 74-yard touchdown strike with 8:09 remaining to put the Owls up 23-20. After a proceeding three-and-out drive by North Texas, the Owls blocked the punt deep in Owls territory. DiIvory Edgecomb padded the FAU lead to 30-20, completing the fourth quarter rally to win their third game of the season and second in the Sun Belt Conference. The victory gave the Owls a 2-0 start in Sun Belt competition for the first time in their three years in the conference.
Tight end Jason Harmon and wide receiver Cortez Gent gained over 90 yards of receiving (94 and 96 respectively). Gent caught Smith's only touchdown of the night. Running backs DiIvory Edgecomb and Charles Pierre each ran for a touchdown. Kicker Warley LeRoy was 3/3 in field goals, connecting from 20, 27 and 29 yards. Defensively, freshman cornerback Tavious Polo added two interceptions to his season total, bringing the number to six. That ties the all-time FAU single-season record. Senior cornberback Taheem Acevedo intercepted North Texas, as well.
Florida Atlantic 3-1 (2-0 SBC)
Kentucky.
Coach Schnellenberger took his Owls to Lexington, KY - home of his alma mater, the Kentucky Wildcats - after the win over North Texas. Kentucky was off to the program's best start in 20 years, at 4-0, and ranked for the first time in that time period. The Owls would face back-to-back ranked opponents in their non-conference schedule (what Coach Schnellenberger calls the "advanced training" portion of the schedule), in Kentucky and followed by home against South Florida. 
Kentucky's red-hot start was fueled by quarterback Andre Woodson, who carried in an NCAA-record 325 consecutive passes without an interception. That streak was snapped by freshman cornerback Tavious Polo, recording his seventh interception of the season, in the second quarter. However, that's all Woodson would do wrong all game, as he threw for 301 yards and five touchdowns. Kentucky's welcome back to alumnus Coach Schnellenberger was rude, as the Wildcats routed the Owls, 45-17.
Quarterback Rusty Smith threw for a touchdown and an interception. The touchdown was to receiver Cortez Gent on a 20-yard reception. Running back Charles Pierre rushed for 56 yards and found the end zone via a 1-yard rush.
Florida Atlantic 3-2 (2-0 SBC)
South Florida.
FAU and USF had only met once prior to this meeting - in 2002, USF annihilated one-year-old FAU, 51-10. In 2007, USF entered Lockhart Stadium amidst their coming-of-age season. The Bulls were ranked 6th in the nation and had beaten previously-ranked 5th West Virginia and knocked off Auburn on the road. Coming into Ft. Lauderdale was supposed to be a rest for USF before continuing on in their dream season.
However, the Owls took a 7-7 tie into halftime in front of a national audience on ESPNU. Florida Atlantic and USF exchanged points throughout the second half, battling to a 28-23 Bulls lead with 6:42 left in the game. The Owls pulled within that 5-point deficit thanks to a 47-yard touchdown pass from Rusty Smith to DiIvory Edgecomb. After FAU failed to convert a key fourth down late in the fourth quarter, USF sealed the victory on a 9-yard touchdown run from Bulls running back Benjamin Williams.
Rusty Smith had 259 yards and 3 touchdowns on USF's defense. Jason Harmon hurdled his way to 82 yards and a touchdown. Corey Small intercepted USF's Matt Grothe for a 28 yard return. Cergile Sincere had 13 tackles, including 7 solo tackles. All of this almost added up to FAU's revenge for the thumping five years ago and the biggest victory in program history. However, Matt Grothe, quarterback from USF, threw for 122 yards and rushed for 120 yards, including a 32 yard game-saving touchdown run. USF running back, Benjamin Williams, netted 189 yards and 4 touchdowns, including the game-sealing touchdown with 29 seconds remaining.
Florida Atlantic 3-3 (2-0 SBC)
Louisiana-Lafayette.
The Owls returned to conference competition on the road against the Ragin' Cajuns of Louisiana-Lafayette. This was the third consecutive week the Owls faced a dual-threat quarterback and Lafayette's Michael Desormeaux proved to be a handful for Florida Atlantic. Desormeaux threw for 121 yards and rushed for 156 yards. His two rushing touchdowns kept the Cajuns in the game at crucial points. For the Owls, Rusty Smith almost repeated his recording-breaking performance against Minnesota. Smith threw for 308 yards and four touchdowns. His four touchdowns were spread out amongst four different receivers: Willie Rose, Cortez Gent, Jason Harmon and Chris Bonner. The most important play of the game was the touchdown bullet from Smith to Gent for 17 yards as time expired in regulation to tie the game at 32. Florida Atlantic scored on its first possession in overtime and followed by stopping Louisiana-Lafayette for the win, 39-32.
Charles Pierre rushed for 93 yards on 16 carries, adding a touchdown in overtime. Fullback Willie Rose led the team with six receptions; Receiver Cortez Gent led the team with 82 receiving yards. Corey Small and Taheem Acevedo combined for two interceptions, picking off Desormeaux and backup quarterback Chancellor Roberson. The Owls improved to 3-0 in conference play - the first time they would start off 3-0 in conference competition.
Florida Atlantic 4-3 (3-0 SBC)
Florida.
Owls quarterback Rusty Smith, born and raised in Jacksonville, FL, grew up dreaming of playing football at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium - the home of the Florida Gators. His opportunity came on November 17 when his Owls entered the famed "The Swamp" in front of 90,000 Gators fans to play the defending national champions. Though his entire childhood was consumed with being a Florida Gator fanatic, Smith led his Owls through a surprising first half, as FAU pulled within as little as eight points late in the second quarter against the clearly overmatched Gators. 
Through the lopsided score, however, laid some encouraging statistics for the much younger Florida Atlantic program: Smith and the Owls' offensive attack amassed 384 yards on the Gators defense, the second quarter saw a truly competitive match, and Rusty Smith showed genuine poise in front of 90,000 fans who were obviously rooting for the other team. Smith finished the day with 290 yards on 18 completions and a touchdown, which was caught by wide receiver Cortez Gent. Gent ended the day with 118 yards receiving and his counterpart, receiver Chris Bonner, had four receptions for 96 yards. Corner back Corey Small picked off a terribly-thrown Tim Tebow pass in the second quarter.
Troy.
It was "Championship Saturday" across college football. Though the Sun Belt Conference does not host an official championship game, the meeting between Florida Atlantic and Troy showcased the conference's #1 and #2 teams in a winner-take-all scenario for the conference championship and a bid to the New Orleans Bowl. The "Default Sun Belt Championship Game" culminated the 2007 Sun Belt Conference season, which clearly proved FAU and Troy as the top-two teams. The Owls opened the game on a 12-play, 70-yard touchdown drive, capped by a one-yard run by running back DiIvory Edgecomb. The Owls would then be held scoreless throughout the remainder of the first half, while Troy kicked three field goals. The score at halftime was 9-7, in favor of the Trojans. The offense that disappeared for FAU came out firing bullets in the third quarter, as the Owls outscored the Trojans 21-3 that quarter. Staging off a strong bid by Troy to come back in the fourth quarter, FAU held on to a six-point lead and won the game 38-32, clinching their first-ever conference championship in their seven short seasons of existence.
Quarterback Rusty Smith was, as usual, on fire. Smith completed 23-of-34 passes for 291 yards and two touchdowns. He found wide receivers Jason Harmon and Cortez Gent for his two touchdowns. Gent set career marks for himself with eight catches for 155 yards, including a 50-yard pitch and catch from Smith. Running back Charles Pierre gained 67 yards on the ground and a touchdown. Willie Rose added a rushing touchdown.
New Orleans Bowl vs. Memphis.
Nineteen days after capturing its first-ever conference championship, the Florida Atlantic football program took on the Memphis Tigers in the 2007 R+L Carriers New Orleans Bowl in the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, LA. Just a short seven years since playing its first intercollegiate game and three years since playing in Division I-A competition, the Owls became the quickest start-up program in NCAA history to reach a bowl game. Coach Howard Schnellenberger was a perfect 4-0 in bowl games (2-0 at Miami, 2-0 at Louisiville) entering the game. From start-to-finish, the Owls' offense was unstoppable and Memphis could only force the Owls to punt three times. Quarterback Rusty Smith was simply dominant: 25-32 for 336 yards and five touchdowns. His five touchdowns set a New Orleans Bowl record for passing touchdowns and was clearly enough to win him the 2007 New Orleans Bowl Most Valuable Player Award.
The Owls outgained the Tigers offensively, 465 yards to 398. The rushing attack for the Owls was prolific compared to the regular-season numbers from the unit, as collectively four guys rushed for 134 yards (Charles Pierre 52 yards, Sean Clayton 32, DiIvory Edgecomb 23, Willie Rose 22). However, as it was all season, the story offensively for the Owls was Rusty Smith and the passing game. Smith completed a pass to eight different receivers, including tight end Jason Harmon 11 times for 97 yards. More impressive than eight receivers catching a pass was Smith finding five different receivers for his five touchdowns catches. Harmon, Rose, Pierre, Edgecomb and Chris Bonner all caught a touchdown pass. Pierre added a rushing touchdown. Linebacker Frantz Joseph had 10 tackles, two of which were for losses and a sack.
The Owls capped off a historic season with a 44-27 performance against Memphis in the 2007 New Orleans Bowl. The Owls won their first-ever bowl game in their first-ever bowl appearance in the shortest amount of time it has ever taken an NCAA football program to reach its first-ever bowl game.
A year for the record books.
The 2007 football season saw numerous school records broken.

</doc>
<doc id="9743170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743170" title="Tour du Haut Var">
Tour du Haut Var

The Tour du Haut Var () is an early-season two-day road bicycle race in the Provence region of France. From 2005 to 2008, it was organised as a 1.1 event on the UCI Europe Tour. In 2009, the race was changed to a two-day 2.1 event.

</doc>
<doc id="9743199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743199" title="Aesopian language">
Aesopian language

Aesopian Language is communications that convey an innocent meaning to outsiders but hold a concealed meaning to informed members of a conspiracy or underground movement. For instance, Person X is known for exposing secrets in an organization, so the organization leaders announce, "any members who have dirty talking habits will be dealt with", warning Person X. It is based in reference to Aesop. It is referred to by Herbert Marcuse in his book "One-Dimensional Man" where it is used somewhat interchangeably with Orwellian language. 
In this context Aesopian Language refers to the idea that certain usages of language work to 'suppress certain concepts or keep them out of the general discourse within society'. An example of such a technique is the use of abbreviations to possibly prevent undesirable questions from arising, e.g., "AFL-CIO entombs the radical political differences which once separated the two organizations."
Within the context of Australian politics a term with very similar meaning is called dog-whistle politics, which describes the use of coded language to address voters' interests. Certain sections of the electorate will react strongly to controversial content if spoken of overtly, but may not be so attuned that they notice statements that appear neutral to outsiders. Dog-whistle politics uses phrases that speak to a sub-group without alarming the general population. For example, a politician may signal race or immigration views by using the phrase "illegal arrivals" to describe refugee-claimants.

</doc>
<doc id="9743209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743209" title="San Francisco values">
San Francisco values

"San Francisco values" is a term often used pejoratively and as an "ad hominem" phrase to refer to cultural, social and moral attributes associated with the city of San Francisco, California's liberal politics and pluralist culture. Often values and expressions that are marked less popular among social conservatives, such as gay pride, the anti-war movement, or secular values generally, are invoked by users to frame their argument. The same values form the foundation of what is known as West Coast liberalism, though the political cultures of Los Angeles (and notably Hollywood therein), Seattle, et cetera also contribute to this concept. This term, however, is not necessarily pejorative. For example, a liberal may identify as a "West Coast liberal" to distinguish himself/herself from other similar ideologies (i.e. East Coast liberalism) or to emphasize the issues which are most important to him/her.
Meaning.
"San Francisco values" is used in a pejorative sense by conservative commentators to describe a secular progressive culture commonly associated with the city of San Francisco. The term has been associated with same-sex marriage, high minimum wages, anti-war activism, pro-choice politics, marijuana decriminalization, and free migration. Used this way, it is an "ad hominem" attack.
Media usage.
The term "San Francisco values" was used by conservative pundits during the conservative movement of the mid-1990s, and has since been popularized by Bill O'Reilly and Newt Gingrich. It is possibly a successor to then Democrat Jeane Kirkpatrick's condemnation of "San Francisco Democrats" for a "blame America first" mentality at the 1984 Republican National Convention (the Democrats had just held their convention in San Francisco). While O'Reilly claimed to have coined the term "San Francisco Values," the term dates back at least to 1996, when Rep. Frank Riggs attacked his Democratic rival Michela Alioto over her "San Francisco values."
With the ascendancy of San Francisco representative Nancy Pelosi to Speaker of the House, the term experienced a surge in popularity following the 2006 midterm elections. Newt Gingrich, for example, sent a fundraising letter to supporters, saying, "Will everything you've worked so hard to accomplish be lost to the San Francisco values of would-be Speaker Nancy Pelosi?" Meanwhile, the Augusta Chronicle, a Georgia newspaper, warned readers that "Pelosi will be speaker and her far-left San Francisco values -- gay marriage, cutting and running from Iraq, coddling terrorists, raising taxes, amnesty for illegals -- will become the House agenda."
In addition to being used by some right-wing pundits, the term has appeared in and around San Francisco itself. The "San Francisco Chronicle", San Francisco's largest daily newspaper, discussed the term in its 2006 article, "Three Dirty Words: San Francisco Values." The next week, the San Francisco Bay Guardian responded with a similarly titled article, "San Francisco Values," calling the Chronicle's editorial positions into question.
Push-back.
"The Peter B. Collins Show", a syndicated liberal talk show no longer on the air, billed itself as a talk show "infused with dangerous 'San Francisco values' like compassion, justice, and a living wage".

</doc>
<doc id="9743327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743327" title="Nabil Miskinyar">
Nabil Miskinyar

Nabil Miskinyar (, born 26 September 1948) is an Afghan TV host who currently runs a TV channel from United States called Ariana Afghanistan TV. His office is based out of Orange, California and has offices in San Francisco, Dubai and Hamburg.
On September 11, 2011, Miskinyar was attending a business meeting when he was abducted and held at gunpoint for approximately seven hours. He posted a media statement later in the week detailing how he was "interviewed" in a propaganda video and forced to denounce his work and political beliefs. His abductors have yet to be brought to justice.

</doc>
<doc id="9743340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743340" title="Vern Benson">
Vern Benson

Vernon Adair Benson (September 19, 1924 – January 20, 2014) was an infielder/outfielder, coach, scout and interim manager in American Major League Baseball. During his playing career, he stood 5'11" (180 cm) tall, weighed 180 pounds (82 kg), batted left-handed, and threw right-handed.
Playing career.
Born in Granite Quarry, North Carolina, Benson attended Catawba College in nearby Salisbury. He debuted in the Majors with the Philadelphia Athletics in 1943 and had a second trial with the Mackmen in 1946, but most of his career would be spent in the organization of the St. Louis Cardinals. While he appeared in only 46 games for St. Louis between 1951–53, he was a fixture with the Cards' Rochester Red Wings and Columbus Red Birds Triple-A farm clubs as a player. Overall, Benson batted .202 in 104 MLB at bats over five seasons, with three home runs and 12 runs batted in. In his finest minor league season, 1951 at Columbus, he batted .308 with 18 home runs and 89 RBI.
He became a manager in the Redbird system in 1956 with the Winnipeg Goldeyes of the Class C Northern League. On July 6, 1961, he was promoted from manager of the Triple-A Portland Beavers to the Cardinals to serve as a Major League coach under new skipper Johnny Keane.
Major League coach.
Benson worked with Keane through the Cards' 1964 World Championship, then moved to the New York Yankees when Keane switched to the Bombers (his 1964 World Series opponent) in 1965. But the Yankees were in a downward spiral at the time, finishing sixth in the '65 American League race. Then they won only four of their first 20 games in 1966, resulting in Keane's firing and Benson's resignation on May 7.
Two months later, on July 13, 1966, Benson returned to the National League as a coach for fellow North Carolinian Dave Bristol, newly appointed pilot of the Cincinnati Reds. He spent the remainder of his MLB career in the Senior Circuit, as a coach for the Reds (through 1969), the Cardinals again (1970 through 1975), Atlanta Braves (1976–1977), and San Francisco Giants (1980), working in the latter two posts under Bristol once again. He managed the Syracuse Chiefs, Triple-A affiliate of the Toronto Blue Jays, in 1978–1979. He won three playoff championships in the minor leagues, in: the Northern League (with Winnipeg) in 1957; the Texas League (with Tulsa) in 1960; and the International League (with Syracuse) in 1979. After his on-field career ended, Benson returned to the Cardinals as a scout.
He also managed the Braves for one game in 1977 under unusual circumstances. After the club lost 21 of its first 29 games, Dave Bristol was sent on a "scouting trip" and replaced by the team's owner, Ted Turner, a world-class yachtsman and television executive who had no baseball experience. After Turner lost his only game as the team's skipper, National League president Chub Feeney told Turner that managers cannot own financial interest in a club. When Turner's appeal to Commissioner Bowie Kuhn was turned down, Benson stepped in for one game — which he won — before Bristol was rehired for the remainder of the season.
Death.
Benson died on January 20, 2014 at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="9743349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743349" title="Jimi system">
Jimi system

The Jimi system (Chinese: 羁縻制) or Jimifuzhou (羁縻府州) was a self-rule administrative and political organization system used in China between the 7th century and 10th century. It originated in the Tang dynasty, by the 650s it had reached to its peak and began to decline by the 740s. It was subsequently used in the Song, Mongol Yuan, Ming and Qing dynasties, known as the Tusi system (土司制) until around 1726, when a new civil order under the Qing government was established. It should not to be confused with the tributary system. The term Jimi was first seen in the annotation of "Shiji" quoted by Sima Zhen from a book of Eastern Han era, which implied to a man directing a horse or ox by the use of rein.
Characteristics.
The system was a model of Chinese administrative units established for foreign ruler or chief that were either militarily subdued, self-subdued and naturalized. They received their duty from central authority while keeping their original status, and pass on their duty to heirs. They were to provide annual tribute, following the foreign policy and superintend by the central authority. In terms of foreign policy, they would collaborate with the officials sent by the central authority in administration, participate in military affairs of central authority's interest, and obey the assignation made by the central authority. The system was first introduced by commander Li Daliang between August 23 and September 25, 630.
It mainly consisted of three levels, the command area (都督府), prefecture (州) and county (县), known collectively as Jimifuzhou or the loose control administrative units, they were not commonly confused with Zhengzhou (正州) or the regular administrative units. In additions, they were also two short-lived loose-control protectorates (都护府) established in the former Western Turkic Khaganate at around the Tarbagatai Mountains and Lake Balkhash in 658, the only loose-control protectorates ever established. In some cases, moderate amount of loose control counties were also established under the jurisdiction of regular prefecture at the border of Tang proper. The loose control administrative units, specifically the command area and prefecture were established shortly after a region, state or tribe was subdued and formed as a political division within the extent of a separated regular protectorate.
They were established in the area of today's northern Hebei, northern Shaanxi, Gansu, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Outer Mongolia, Siberia, Sogdiana and Afghanistan to the north and west, Hunan and Guangxi to the south, western Sichuan, Guizhou and Yunnan to the southwest, where they co-existed with the regular prefecture. And also parts of the Inner and Central Asia during the early Tang empire. Until the year 755, they were approximately 1,000 or around 856 loose control prefectures established within the former khaganate and state, about 2.6 times of the regular prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="9743354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743354" title="Plataneiko">
Plataneiko

Plataneiko () is a river in the northern part of the Achaia prefecture. The river flows entirely in municipalities of Rio and empties into the Gulf of Patras.
Geography.
The river begins near Kastritsi. At the course of the river passes near the town of Platani where it receives the river's name, it empties into the Gulf of Corinth. The area receives water every year and during the winter, it faces floods and causes damages.

</doc>
<doc id="9743412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743412" title="Ojo de Agua">
Ojo de Agua

Ojo de Agua may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9743464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743464" title="Wudja Cudja">
Wudja Cudja

Wudja Cudja was a UK-based gameshow hosted by Abbie Eastwood and Jayne Sharp, and was based on the dares-for-cash principle, similar to shows such as "I Bet You Will" and "Indecent Proposals". It ran on and debuted ITV, and ran in reruns on Men and Motors. 
The series was first broadcast on 18 July 2002 and ran for ten one hour editions.
Format.
The show would open with a monologue by the two hosts, usually loosely referencing what the contestants were to do, followed by a really quick montage of the following dares to come. Contestants were picked off the street at random, and most of the time, not even told what dare they were going to do prior, but what cash amount they were to receive.
The show also usually had a big challenge where 1,000 GBP were up for grabs. These were usually accumulative three part challenges with each one getting worse. Money wasn't received for these until the last one was completed.
The show is usually done in a leave-off format, in that the contestants tend to be already rounded up, skipping the process of finding them in the street more often than not. Transitions are coupled by quick montages.
Recurring Dares.
Although "Wudja Cudja" has its share of variations, episodes tended to contain lots of nudity, branding it an adult program overall. Some of the recurring games were:
Two always female contestants would compete in a contest to see who could rip their clothes off the fastest. The women weren't allowed to use any zippers, or buttons, and had to strip down to just their panties. This was a common game and the contestants were always caught off guard and picked randomly off the street.
Another female specific game in which contestants would have each other's bikinis put together, and pull against each other to see whose ripped off.
Varied Dares.
Aside from the usual strip games, "Wudja Cudja"'s other dares were similar to that of its American counterpart, "I Bet You Will", with contestants either:

</doc>
<doc id="9743467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743467" title="Antoine Argoud">
Antoine Argoud

Antoine Argoud (26 June 1914 – 10 June 2004) was a French Army officer specializing in counter-insurgency during the Algerian War of Independence. Argoud's opposition to Algerian independence from France resulted in his joining of the Organisation de l'Armée Secrète (OAS) and support for its use of violence in opposition to this policy. 
Argoud was twice placed on trial and convicted (the first in absentia) of attempting to assassinate French President Charles de Gaulle. Following the second trial Argoud was sentenced to life imprisonment, but released as part of a general amnesty in 1968.
In 1963, when Antoine Argoud was hiding out in Munich after the failed August 22, 1962 assassination attempt on de Gaulle, he was kidnapped by French secret police CRS agents and smuggled to France à la Eichmann, where he was interrogated. His revelation allowed the secret service to arrest Bastien-Thiry and other assassins.

</doc>
<doc id="9743492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743492" title="Max Montgelas">
Max Montgelas

Max, Count von Montgelas (1860 Saint Petersburg - 1938 Munich) was a Bavarian general and diplomat. 
The grandson of Maximilian von Montgelas, he joined the army in 1879, served in the Boxer Expedition, and was Military Attaché in Peking from 1901 to 1902. In 1914 he commanded the 4th Bavarian Infantry Division, but retired the following year to devote himself to careful study of the matters relating to the outbreak of The Great War and responsibility for it. In this capacity he was official adviser to the Reichstag Committee of Enquiry. 
He was a German count and official spokesman for the German Weimar Republic at the Paris Peace Conference following World War I to investigate the question of responsibility for the war. He helped to draft the German answer to the charges of war guilt and was one of the four signatories to the Memorandum, presented on May 29, 1919, in reply to the Western Allies. Later, in the absence of the other members of the German Commission, he was jointly responsible, with Delbruck, for a further Memorandum replying to the Allied Note of June 16, 1919. 
He subsequently wrote his controversial book "The Case for the Central Powers: An Impeachment of the Versailles Verdict" published in London by George, Allen & Unwin Ltd., in 1925. The previous year he and Professor Walther Schucking had edited "The Outbreak of the World War - German Documents collected by Karl Kautsky" (commonly known as the Kautsky Documents) which were published by the Oxford University Press.

</doc>
<doc id="9743496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743496" title="Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land">
Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land

Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land is a black and white 1952 Adventure film directed by Lew Landers and written by Samuel Newman. This was the eighth entry in Columbia's "Jungle Jim" series.
Plot summary.
Jungle Jim battles evil ivory poachers, mutant giants, stock footage, and cheap sets with the help of a pretty anthropologist and his cute chimp Tamba.

</doc>
<doc id="9743506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743506" title="Shasta (mascot)">
Shasta (mascot)

Shasta is the mascot of the University of Houston athletics teams, the Houston Cougars. The name "Shasta" refers to both a live and an anthropomorphic costumed cougar mascot.
History.
The origin of Shasta dates back to 1927 when John R. Bender, a former head football coach of the Washington State Cougars came to Houston. Because of his fondness for the animal, Bender decided it would be the name of his new teams. Later that year, the school newspaper actively used the name, and other student organizations followed.
In 1946, the cougar was named the official mascot by the University as Houston as it became involved in intercollegiate sports. The next year, the Alpha Phi Omega fraternity raised funds to purchase a live cougar for the university, and held a contest to name it. Among 225 other entries, student Joe Randol won the contest with the following submission: "Shasta (She has to). Shasta have a cage, Shasta have a keeper, Shasta have a winning ball club, Shasta have the best." The first runner-up was "Raguoc" (cougar spelled backwards).
From 1947 until 1989 a live cougar mascot was used. However from 1989 until 2012, Shasta existed as only a costumed mascot. Although a current live mascot was adopted by the university through a partnership with the Houston Zoo, a costumed student is still used for game appearances.
Live mascots.
Shasta I.
Shasta I (1947–1962) was the longest serving Shasta. She was purchased in Mexico during the fall semester of 1947 by members of the Alpha Phi Omega fraternity. Student caretakers of Shasta were known as the "Cougar Guard", and were responsible for bringing the cougar to the football team's away games among other activities. Following her service as the University of Houston mascot, she resided at the Houston Zoo.
Shasta II.
Shasta II (1962–1965) was the shortest serving Shasta, and was the first to live in "Shasta's Den" (a cage built for her) at the southwest corner of Lynn Eusan Park. It's said that she was retired so soon due to an unruly attitude. She later resided at the Houston Zoo.
Shasta III.
Shasta III (1965–1977) was also known as "The Lady". She was featured in several commercials for the American Motors Corporation, but was forced to retire due to poor health.
Shasta IV.
Shasta IV (1977–1980) was also known as "Baby Shasta". She only served three years due to the difficulty in controlling her.
Shasta V.
Shasta V (1980–1989) was the last female cougar of the original continuous line to serve as a live mascot for the University of Houston. After a kidney failure, she was put to sleep. After Shasta V, interim President George Magner ended the tradition of a live mascot at the university, until 2012.
Shasta VI.
Shasta VI (2012–Present) was announced as the first live mascot at the university since 1989, in partnership with the Houston Zoo. Prior to the current mascot, there was much debate as to whether or not the university should purchase another cougar. Those who opposed another live cougar often claimed that having a caged cougar was inhumane and dangerous. Shasta VI was born in September 2011 in the State of Washington, and was adopted by the university as a cub. Shasta's mother was killed in 2011, when a hunter shot her. After a search from the Washington Department of Fish & Wildlife, Shasta VI was rescued, and transported to the Houston Zoo on December 11, 2011. In March 2012, the University of Houston Alumni Association announced that the cub would be adopted. 
Although the Shasta mascot costume has been a male since 1989, Shasta VI is the first male live UH cougar mascot. Shasta VI was vested in a ceremony for alumni on 24 March 2012.
Costumed mascots.
From 1989 through 2012, the university chose not to purchase another live cougar, and Shasta only existed as a costumed mascot. During this time, although a live cougar appeared in University of Houston's "Learning. Leading." campaign named "Tigger", this cougar did not live on campus nor was it owned by the university. Another live mascot, Shasta VI was adopted in 2012 through a partnership with the Houston Zoo, but a costumed student is still used for game appearances. The costumed Sasha mascot eventually began making appearances with Shasta, and now the two are seen at many University of Houston events.
The Oregon Duck incident.
During the 2007 football season opener game between the Houston Cougars and the Oregon Ducks at Oregon, the costumed Shasta became involved in a physical fight with Oregon's Donald Duck mascot. The duck attacked Shasta while Shasta was doing push-ups for total points after each touchdown in front of the Cougar fans at Autzen Stadium. Push-ups for the total points scored are a tradition for the University of Houston as well as Oregon. After finishing some push-ups, the duck mascot physically attacked Shasta, eventually taking the mascot to the ground. Shasta, actually portrayed by the football player Matt Stolt for the Cougars, tackled the duck and walked away. The duck answered by punching the Houston mascot in the face and then performing simulated lewd acts on top of the cougar. 
The fight was captured by both amateur video and game cameras, and was subsequently posted on YouTube as well as being reported on by most major media organizations including ESPN. University of Oregon's mascot was suspended for their next game against Fresno State as a disciplinary action. It was never revealed what further penalty the student in the duck suit faced.

</doc>
<doc id="9743515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743515" title="Manganese Mines">
Manganese Mines

Manganese Mines is an unincorporated community in Colchester County, Nova Scotia, Canada. 
This community is located about six miles north-east of Truro, between the South Branch North River and the Salmon River. The land was previously part of Onslow Township. It was settled by immigrants from New Hampshire and Massachusetts who first went to Truro and to the present location of Onslow, probably around 1761.
This community includes Gittens Lodge, an environmental science centre formerly operated by Nova Scotia Teachers College and now operated by the Truro campus of Nova Scotia Community College. It also includes the Manganese Mines Wildlife Management Area, a conservation area. 
The main industry is now farming.
Mining.
The name of this community derives from the discovery and mining of manganese here, beginning in the 1880s and ending in the 1890s. Also, Lafarge Canada operated a limestone quarry at Manganese Mines which closed in 1996. The limestone was used to produce cement.

</doc>
<doc id="9743545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743545" title="Montenegrin Federalist Party">
Montenegrin Federalist Party

The Montenegrin Federalist Party (sometimes known plainly as the "Montenegrin Party") (Montenegrin: Црногорска федералистичка странка, "Crnogorska federalistička stranka") or Montenegrin Peasants' Federalist Movement (Montenegrin: "Crnogorski seljački federalistički pokret"/Црногорски сељачки федералистички покрет) was a Montenegrin political party in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later Yugoslavia) that stood for preservation of Montenegrin autonomy and a decentralized federalized Yugoslavia. It pursued the policy of the Greens who lost the Christmas Uprising, but on the political and social scene. Its long-term leader was Sekula Drljević.
In the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.
After the abolition of divisional historical entities in 1922, when Montenegro mostly became a part of the Zeta Area, Sekula Drljević and other prominent supporters of the last, dethroned and in exile, Montenegrin King Nikola I gathered and organized a political party to pursue their goals of a distinct Montenegrin autonomy for its preservation within the Yugoslav monarchy, centering around federalization of the state. It sought for a pacifist way to resolve the Montenegrin question, as contrary to the extremist and violent Greens who sought through a minor and failing guerrilla tactics to achieve their common goals by force. 
The Montenegrin Federalist Party gradually voiced in support of the self-styled Montenegrin Army in Exile, aiding them, and its members filled with their ranks after the Greens officially dispersed in 1926. The Montenegrin Party ran on elections in 1923 and 1925, but it didn't receive much support, as the Serb parties enjoyed most the support from the electorate the Montenegrin Federalists were counting on. In 1927 the party gradually lost influence, and never came out independently. It initially survived on the list of the Croatian Peasant Party and Stjepan Radić. Afterwards, the Party joined the Croatian Peasant Party and the Independent Democratic Party in their influential Peasant-Democratic Coalition and became its minor member.
In the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
In 1929, a dictatorship was brought by King Alexander, changing the name of the country to Yugoslavia officially. But after his assassination in Marseilles in 1934, the new government wanted pacification, so they rehabilitated and released the imprisoned former Green rebel Novica Radović, who became the chief ideologue of the Montenegrin Federalist Party. The party pointed out that Montenegro unjustly lost its independence thanks to Serbia and the Allies, claimed that Montenegro was the leader amongst the Serbs and Yugoslavs rather than Serbia and called upon Montenegrin historical statehood. By 1938, the Party joined the Unified Opposition and closely associated with Vlatko Maček, a coalition of the entire Yugoslavian opposition bent on establishing a more democratic society. As time passed by the Montenegrin Federalist Party became more extreme and distanced from its original views, becoming a supporter of an independent Montenegro and a promoter of extreme Montenegrin nationalism. 
Afterwards it became much more radical in its pursuits and associated mostly with the Croatian Party of Rights, and much rarer with the Serbian opposition. The Montenegrin Party remained in opposition to every other Yugoslav force after the Cvetković-Macek Agreement in 1939, and anticipated World War II as a way to gain power.
Fascism.
With the April War and the fall of Yugoslavia to Axis forces, the Montenegrin Federalist Party offered to collaborate with the Italian Fascists of Benito Mussolini, demanding a Greater Montenegro from the river of Neretva in Herzegovina to Mata in Albania; it would also include Metohija and Sandžak. A much smaller in territorial size "Independent State of Montenegro" was proclaimed on Saint Peter's Congress in 12 July 1941, with the Ustaše and Albanians being much more favored by the Nazis. Nicholas' grandson and successor as heir to the throne Prince Michael of Montenegro was invited to be its King and head of state, but he vigorously refused claiming that he will never cooperate with Nazis, criminals and traitors of the Serbian people. The restored Montenegro lost Metohija and its eastern lands to a Greater Albania, but managed to gain the Serbian part of Sandžak. All other political parties were outlawed and a dictatorship of Sekula Drljević under Italian protection was proclaimed. The nominal ecclesiastical leader became the uncanonical Croatian Orthodox Church. It received a split on two wings, with a most extremist one opposing the current state borders of Montenegro, especially Albanian expansion and claimed the Bocca. That wing held links to an extent with the party's mortal enemies, the Partisans, to assist the rebellion against the Italians and the Ustashas in the Bay of Kotor, as well as when assistance was needed to fend off the royalists, who managed to get ever-more control over Montenegro, and to whom the Communist Partisans just opened civil war. 
In 1941 the Partisans raised a rebellion and managed to liberate much of Montenegro, and the Montenegrin Federalist Army went to exile. It reorganized in Zagreb, the Independent State of Croatia's capital, a Montenegrin State Council aimed at eventually creating an independent and large national state of the Montenegrin people. Out of Chetniks it formed its own Montenegrin People's Army. It closely associated itself with the Ustashas and aided their regime greatly, with its prominent members became leading Nazi and genocide ideologues. Throughout the WWII the party would lead to the deaths of tens of thousands of innocent people. With the impending Allied victory in 1945, the party dispersed retreating with other Axis collaborators in late 1945, after its own Montenegrin Army turned against itself.

</doc>
<doc id="9743605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743605" title="From Hell It Came">
From Hell It Came

From Hell It Came is a 1957 horror film and science fiction film directed by Dan Milner and written by Jack Milner.
Plot.
A South Seas island prince is wrongly convicted of murder and executed by having a knife driven into his heart, the result of a plot by a witch doctor (the true murderer) who resented the prince's friendly relations with American scientists stationed on a field laboratory on the island. The prince is buried in a hollow tree trunk and forgotten about until nuclear radiation reanimates him in the form of the "Tabanga", a scowling tree stump. The monster escapes from the laboratory and kills several people, including the witch doctor, whom the Tabanga pushes down a hill to be impaled on his own crown of shark teeth. The creature cannot be stopped, burned, or trapped. Only when a crack rifle shot from one of the scientists drives the knife (which still protrudes from the creature's chest) all the way through its heart does it finally die and sink into the swamp.
Production.
The iconic Tabanga monster was designed by Paul Blaisdell (also known for his work on "The She Creature", "Invasion of the Saucer Men", "Not of This Earth" and "It! The Terror from Beyond Space") but was manufactured by Don Post Studios.
Release.
It was released by Allied Artists. Warner Home Video released it on DVD in 2009.
Reaction.
According to Tim Healey, it deserves an honored place in the canon of the world's worst movies. However, in Leonard Maltin's movie guidebook, the film was rated at 1½ stars (only the second-lowest of seven ratings available), with the comment that "As walking-tree movies go, this is at the top of the list." James Rolfe reviewed it in his "Cinemassacre's Monster Madness" series, acknowledging the absurdity of having a tree monster "come from hell" rather than a demon or oni.

</doc>
<doc id="9743638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743638" title="Rhieia">
Rhieia

GFDL."
Rhieia (Greek: Ρίεια, modern transliterations: Rieia or Riia) was a sporting event that took place during the ancient times. The game was held in the town of Antirrio. Little information about the games is now available and manuscripts are now lost.

</doc>
<doc id="9743708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743708" title="In extremis">
In extremis

In extremis or extremis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9743773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743773" title="Andalusia Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Andalusia Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Andalusia Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,299 and it contained 920 housing units. Andalusia Township was formed from Edgington Township in September, 1858.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 82.86%) is land and (or 17.14%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9743785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743785" title="Sendai Airport Transit">
Sendai Airport Transit

History.
The company was founded on April 7, 2000, and currently has a capital of over seven billion yen. The Sendai Airport Line opened on March 18, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9743809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743809" title="Bairros Unidos FC">
Bairros Unidos FC

Bairros Unidos (also known as Caixão Grande) is a football club that plays in the São Tomé and Príncipe Championship. The team is based in the island of São Tomé. The team has won three titles and is the ninth and last team ever to win their first title in 2001 and is the team that won only one title. In the same year, they won the insular title as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9743815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743815" title="Michael Lindsay, 2nd Baron Lindsay of Birker">
Michael Lindsay, 2nd Baron Lindsay of Birker

Michael Francis Morris Lindsay, 2nd Baron Lindsay of Birker (24 February 1909 – 13 February 1994), was a British peer and academic.
Education and life in China.
Lindsay was the son of Sandie and Erica Lindsay, née Storr. Using his protected status as a foreign citizen, Lindsay began smuggling radio and medical supplies to the communist, who were resisting the Japanese occupation of China. He needed a native speaker of Chinese, so he recruited his student, Hsiao Li, whom he married on 25 June 1941. They had one son, James, born on 29 January 1945, and two daughters, Erica (1942-1993) and Mary Muriel (b. 1951).
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, Lindsay became a citizen of an enemy state and thus liable for arrest, but the pair managed to escape. For the next four years, they acted behind enemy lines. Lindsay first worked in the communists' Radio Department and then at the New China News Agency. Two children were born to them during their 500-mile journey on foot to the communist headquarters in Yenan: Erica, born in a hut in the mountains in 1942, and James, born in a hospital cave in Yenan in 1945.
Baron Lindsay of Birker.
After the war, in 1945, Lindsay's father was created Baron Lindsay of Birker, and he moved to Britain with his wife, where they lived with his parents. They moved to Australia when Lindsay started lecturing at the Australian National University. In 1952, he succeeded to his father's barony. Seven years later, Lord and Lady Lindsay moved to Chevy Chase, Maryland, where they remained after his retirement in 1975. They visited China in 1949 and 1954; in 1954, they functioned as official interpreters for an unsuccessful Labour Party delegation to China. Later, however, they were refused visas because of Lord Lindsay's criticism of the communist leadership. Lord and Lady Lindsay were only able to enter the country after the death of Mao Zedong. Lord Lindsay died in 1994, a year after his daughter Erica. He was succeeded by his son James, 3rd Baron.

</doc>
<doc id="9743840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743840" title="Adrian Brannan">
Adrian Brannan

Adrian Brannan is a contemporary artist who works mainly in the medium of photo collage focusing on cityscapes as his most frequently chosen subject matter.
Adrian has worked in this medium since studying at the Glasgow School of Art from where he graduated with Honours in 2000. He has exhibited in various UK locations including with the Royal Glasgow Institute for the Fine Arts, the Association of Photographers Gallery in London and The Glasgow Room. Adrian has won various awards from the likes of the Association of Photographers and Glasgow city Council.
In a time when the majority of image manipulators are using digital photography and post production software such as Adobe Photoshop Adrian has notably chosen to use traditional optical photography and manual 'cut and paste' collaging techniques in the pursuit of what he has described as a "more truthful and unclouded representation" of his subject matter.
Adrian has captured his hometown of Glasgow as well as being commissioned to create works in Barcelona, London and various areas in Switzerland. Adrian's work is held in public and private collections worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="9743853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743853" title="UNight">
UNight

uNight: For the Children of Uganda is a non-profit organization founded in 2005 to support and advocate for the two million internally displaced victims of the conflict in Northern Uganda. Operating networks in both the US and UK, uNight works with grassroots, faith-based, student and private organizations to promote an immediate, peaceful end to the region's decades-long civil war.
Positions.
According to the organization's website, uNight's constituent's work includes efforts to:
"Petition the White House to appoint a special envoy for northern Uganda to oversee a successful peace negotiation to end the civil war, the dismantlement of the camps, the resettlement and rehabilitation of the displaced population, and a comprehensive program of reconstruction, youth education, and training, especially for young girls."
"Petition Congress to convene a special hearing on the humanitarian crisis in northern Uganda."
"Mobilize humanitarian relief, especially medicine, clothing, and school supplies, for the victims of this vicious war.
Programs.
The organization promotes awareness of the strife existent among 1.6 million people living at present in over three hundred dangerous and disease-ridden government-run camps in Northern Uganda. It has organized the New York City contingent of "Gulu Walk", a global event, run in approximately 40 cities across the globe to protest atrocities committed by both the Lord's Resistance Army and the Ugandan Army.
uNight is currently developing programs in collaboration with the Acholi Religious Leaders Peace Initiative and local political leaders in the Acholi region to create education programs for the region's night commuters, as well as to provide clothing collected in chapters across the US and UK for distribution to those presently living in the government camps. The organization's longer-term vision in Northern Uganda is for the development of a series of holistic educational centers for youth.

</doc>
<doc id="9743880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743880" title="38th NAACP Image Awards">
38th NAACP Image Awards

The 38th NAACP Image Awards honored the best in film, television and music for 2006. The show was televised live on March 2, 2007 on Fox at 8 p.m. EST at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles. The show was hosted by LL Cool J. The nominees were announced on January 7, 2007, at a press conference in at the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills, California. The winners and nominees are shown below. The winners are indicated in bold.
Special awards.
The following recipients received distinguished awards by the NAACP for their contributions to arts, civil rights, news, and humanitarian efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="9743940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9743940" title="Charles Lee Tilden, Jr.">
Charles Lee Tilden, Jr.

Charles Lee Tilden, Jr., (June 4, 1894 – November 1, 1968) was an American rugby union player who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. 
In 1920 he won the gold medal as member of the American rugby union team. 
Four years later he was a reserve player of the American Olympic rugby union team but did not play in a match.
He was a resident of Piedmont, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9744039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744039" title="Kirigaoka">
Kirigaoka

is a small suburb of Yokohama city located in the Midori-ku ward (緑区). It translates directly into a "Misty Hill". Kirigaoka is bound from the North-West by Tōmei Expressway, from the North by Tōkaichiba (十日市場) neighbourhood, from the East by a forest and in the South by the another suburb called Wakabadai (若葉台). 
There are 3 schools: Elementary, Middle and High School.
Kirigaoka also has 9 parks with the main park being called Kirigaoka-kōen (霧が丘公園).
One of the major areas with apartment complexes surrounded by a lot of greenery is called Kirigaoka Green Town (霧が丘グリンタウン). Part of the apartments are private and another part is for rent.
A koban, having a police officer on duty is located at the 3-chome 3-banchi 2-ban address. Nearby is a Post Office and a bus stop called Yūbinkyoku-mae (郵便局前).
Kirigaoka is also home to a famous movie director Akira Kurosawa's - Kurosawa Film Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="9744058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744058" title="Steel Eel">
Steel Eel

Making its debut in 1999, the Steel Eel is a custom roller coaster built by D. H. Morgan Manufacturing. At a height of 150 feet, "Steel Eel" is the tallest roller coaster at not only SeaWorld San Antonio, but at any Sea World park, along with Kraken at Seaworld Orlando in Florida. It was the second coaster built by SeaWorld, following The Great White (1997), after new management felt the park needed to offer more thrilling rides. "Steel Eel" had to be custom built to fit along the slim area beside the lake and utilizes a simple lapbar and seatbelt restraint system. Key elements of "Steel Eel" include two hills after the lift hill with a small valley between the two and a diving dogleg turn and triple humpback hills after its mid-course brake run. With a paint scheme consisting of bright yellow track and teal-green supports, it has become a permanent staple in the park's skyline. It is first Morgan coaster to deviate from a general cookiecutter design embodied by Cedar Fair for their three out and back hypercoasters: Wild Thing, Mamba, and Steel Force. Superman: El Ultimo Escape at Six Flags Mexico, built a couple seasons after Steel Eel, shares more design cues with Steel Eel than any other Morgan coaster. 

</doc>
<doc id="9744084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744084" title="Phelps Lake (Wyoming)">
Phelps Lake (Wyoming)

Phelps Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The natural lake is located at the entrance to Death Canyon in the southern section of the park. A number of hiking trails can be found near the lake, the most popular being a 1.8 mile (2.9 km) roundtrip hike to the Phelps Lake overlook.
Jumping Rock.
"Jumping Rock" is a popular rock that sits on the northern side of Phelps Lake. It is so called "Jumping Rock" for the reason that it performs as a natural diving board. It is a 25–30 foot drop into the lake, but the water is deep enough for those brave enough to jump in. The water is cold, even in August.

</doc>
<doc id="9744093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744093" title="Batterstown">
Batterstown

Batterstown () is a small village in the townland of Rathregan ("Ráth Riagáin"), Meath, Ireland. It is about northwest of Dublin, on the R154 regional road. It hosts a yearly cycling race.
Transport.
Batterstown railway station opened on 1 July 1863, was closed for passenger traffic on 27 January 1947, closed for goods traffic on 12 June 1961, and finally closed altogether on 1 April 1963.
Bus Éireann currently runs a service from Monday to Saturday that includes Batterstown.

</doc>
<doc id="9744094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744094" title="1913 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1913 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1913 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 12th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. With Great Britain's win in 1912, the competition returned to Europe for the first time in five years. This prompted several new teams to join the competition, creating the largest field to date. The first round tie between Germany and France, played at Wiesbaden, Germany was the first Davis Cup tie to be played on clay courts, or indeed any surface but grass. The United States would triumph in the final, which was played at Warple Road in Wimbledon, London, England on 25–28 July.
Playoff.
Canada, Germany, and South Africa all competed for the first time. Belgium returned for the first time since 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="9744110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744110" title="Dee Luong">
Dee Luong

Dee Luong (born March 29, 1968) is a professional poker player from Henderson, Nevada. She made a final table of the World Series of Poker in 2003 and was featured in 2007 on the NBC television program "Poker After Dark".
Biography.
Luong was born in Vietnam and immigrated to the United States with her family at age 6, settling in San Gabriel, California. At age 21, she moved to Las Vegas, where professional poker player Huck Seed introduced her to high-stakes poker.
Luong has reached the final table in several major tournaments. In the 2003 L.A. Poker Classic limit Texas hold 'em event, she finished in third place, and six months later she finished third in the 2003 World Series of Poker limit hold 'em shootout. She has also has one cash in a World Poker Tour event.
As of 2012, her total live tournament winnings exceed $90,000.
Luong is married to the professional poker player Prahlad Friedman. She is a pescetarian.

</doc>
<doc id="9744155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744155" title="Selemnos">
Selemnos

Selemnos (, ) is a river in the northern part of Achaea, Greece. The river flows entirely in the municipal unit of Rio and empties into the Gulf of Patras.
Geography.
The river begins on the northwest side of the Panachaiko mountain. It passes along the villages Ano Kastritsi and Kato Kastritsi. It empties into the Gulf of Patras, east of the Rio-Antirrio bridge. The lower course of the river is also called "Kastritsianiko" (Καστριτσιάνικο).
Mythology.
In Greek mythology, Selemnus was a shepherd who loved the nymph Argyra, who eventually abandoned him and Selemnus died of grief. That time, the goddess Aphrodite made him a river, the waters of which were believed to cure of unrequited love. 
The story of Selemnus is referenced in a tale by Rena Galanaki in "Mnimi tou erota, lithi tou erota" ("Μνήμη του έρωτα, λήθη του έρωτα") in the book "Ena schedon galazio cheri" (" σχεδόν γαλάζιο χέρι") (Kastaniotis, 2004) and one poem "Sto Kastritsianiko potami" ("Στο Καστριτσιάνικο ποτάμι" = "By The Kastritsianiko River") by Thodoris Gkonia and Nikos Xydakis.

</doc>
<doc id="9744210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744210" title="League of peace">
League of peace

League of peace (Latin: foedus pacificum) is an expression coined by Immanuel Kant in his work Project for a Perpetual Peace. The league of peace should be distinguished from a peace treaty, or "pactum pacis", because a peace treaty prevents or terminates only one war, while the league of peace seeks to end all wars forever. This league does not hold any power of the state but only exists for "the maintenance and security of the freedom of the state and of other states in league with it, without there being any need for them to submit to civil laws and their compulsion, as men in a state of nature must submit."

</doc>
<doc id="9744280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744280" title="Fashion (magazine)">
Fashion (magazine)

Fashion is a Canadian fashion magazine published by St. Joseph Media. Established in 1977, it is currently based in Toronto (with satellite offices in Vancouver, Calgary and Montreal), publishes 10 issues a year and has a total readership of 1.85 million (PMB Oct 2010).
The magazine covers international, national and local fashion and beauty trends and news. It aims to reach affluent, style-conscious urban women.
The current editor-in-chief is Bernadette Morra. Previous to joining "Fashion", Morra spent 23 years at the "Toronto Star", first as fashion writer, then (since 1993) as fashion editor. She left the "Star" in 2008 to be a freelance writer and launch a website for jewellery lovers. Bernadette has reported from the runways of Milan, London, Paris and New York, and interviewed many top fashion designers, models and celebrities including Karl Lagerfeld, Marc Jacobs, Nicolas Ghesquiere, Victoria Beckham and Linda Evangelista.
In 2009, FASHION launched its men's magazine "Men's FASHION" as a bi-annual special interest publication. In 2012, they added a Holiday issue, in addition to the Spring/Summer and Fall/Winter editions.
The current editor-in-chief is Canadian journalist David Livingstone.
St. Joseph Media, the magazine's publisher, also publishes "Toronto Life", "Canadian Family", "Weddingbells", "Quill & Quire" and "Where Canada" magazines.
Fashionmagazine.com and digital brand expansion.
"FASHION"'s website was first launched in the summer of 2000.
In 2008, the brand made two significant efforts to expand their online presence. In March, "FASHION" announced a content partnership with MySpace Canada that included sharing behind-the-scenes news, videos and photo galleries. In April, the magazine announced a national "Reporter Search" in an effort to find 10 new style bloggers from across Canada who could write about fashion trends in their home communities. The eventual winners of the contest were given a year-long blog on the "FASHION" website and were also awarded other prizes.
In a 2008 interview, online editor Jennifer Campbell outlined the multi-pronged strategy that was bringing the site success, which included daily blogging, community outreach, slideshows, newsletters and social media networking. At the time, the site received 100,000 visitors/month, and the most popular site sections were FASHION Lovelies (a weekly street fashion snap) and FASHION Reporters (the aforementioned blogs from the cross-Canada Reporter Search contest).
Video played a large role in Fashionmagazine.com's early online strategy. In October 2009, the site was recognized with the "Best Video" award at the first year of the Canadian Online Publishing Awards. The site was a finalist for the same "Best Video" award in 2010, and won top prize in the "Cross-platform" category for an online men's style guide that contained online video.
Randi Bergman is the current online editor. She replaced Campbell in December 2010 after the latter left for a role with rival Canadian fashion publication "Flare". Shortly thereafter, Paige Dzenis joined the team as associate online editor.
In 2011, the site was a finalist for "Website of the Year" at both the Canadian National Magazine Awards and the Canadian Online Publishing Awards. That same year, the website was extensively redesigned by Randi Bergman, Paige Dzenis, Laura Antonik, Gary Campbell and Michelle Darwin. Subsequently, the website won two silver awards at the 2012 Canadian National Magazine Awards—one for best digital design and one for best multimedia feature for the "At The Shows/Spring 2012" package.
In August 2012, it was announced that "FASHION" had the largest Twitter following of any magazine in Canada, with 352,079 followers. This success was attributed to the brand being an early adopter of social media.
In August 2013, the brand launched an online shopping extension called "FASHION Shopping" featuring 1,500 clothing and accessory items selected by the editors that can be purchased online. The eCommerce store works on both desktops and smartphones.

</doc>
<doc id="9744285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744285" title="George Glauberman">
George Glauberman

George Glauberman (born 1941, New York City) is a mathematician at the University of Chicago who works on finite simple groups. He proved the ZJ theorem and the Z* theorem.
Glauberman did his undergraduate studies at the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn, graduating in 1961, and earned a masters degree from Harvard University in 1962. He obtained his Ph.D. degree from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1965, under the supervision of Richard Bruck. He has had 22 Ph.D. students, including Ahmed Chalabi and Peter Landrock, the president and founder of Cryptomathic. He has co-authored with J. L. Alperin, Simon P. Norton, and Zvi Arad.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9744302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744302" title="Sendai Airport Station">
Sendai Airport Station


</doc>
<doc id="9744335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744335" title="Francis Junior Pierce">
Francis Junior Pierce

Francis Junior Pierce (December 7, 1924–December 21, 1986) was a United States Navy Corpsman who received the Medal of Honor for actions in the Battle of Iwo Jima during World War II.
Biography.
Early years and military service.
Pierce was born on December 7, 1924 and grew up in Delaware County, Iowa. A week after his 17th birthday (the day Pearl Harbor was attacked), he enlisted in the Navy. After his initial training at Great Lakes Training Center in Illinois he trained to become a hospital corpsman and then joined Marine Corps combat infantry training.
Pierce was assigned to the 4th Marine Division where he participated in numerous military campaigns including Saipan and Tinian. During Iwo Jima, he helped in caring for wounded Marines and became one of four corpsman to receive the Medal during the battle, although he was initially awarded the Navy Cross.
Retirement.
In December 1945, Pierce was discharged from the Navy. After a brief stay in his hometown of Earlville, Iowa he moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan. There, he married a young woman named Lorraine who he had been communicating with during the war and joined the Grand Rapids Police Department. He also briefly served in the Michigan National Guard from May 1949 to November 1950.
In 1948, Pierce was informed that his Navy Cross was being upgraded to the Medal of Honor. He was presented with the Medal in a White House Rose Garden ceremony by President Harry S. Truman.
In civilian life, Pierce had two sons with his wife Lorraine. After she died, he married Madelyn Mellema and had two daughters. He served a long distinctive career in the police, carrying out many duties such as being the head of the vice squad and being a bomb disposal expert. He eventually became deputy chief of the Grand Rapids Police Department in 1972, and retired in 1982. Francis Pierce died of lung cancer in 1986.
Legacy.
A special memorial scholarship was established by the Marine Corps in his name to honor Navy Corspman.
Medal of Honor citation.
Pierce, Francis Junior
"Rank and organization:"Pharmacist's Mate First Class
"Place and date:"U.S. Navy serving with 2d Battalion, 24th Marines, 4th Marine Division 
"Entered service at:"Earlville, Iowa 
"Born:"December 7, 1924
"Citation:"
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while attached to the 2d Battalion, 24th Marines, 4th Marine Division, during the Iwo Jima campaign, 15 and 16 March 1945. Almost continuously under fire while carrying out the most dangerous volunteer assignments, Pierce gained valuable knowledge of the terrain and disposition of troops. Caught in heavy enemy rifle and machinegun fire which wounded a corpsman and 2 of the 8 stretcher bearers who were carrying 2 wounded marines to a forward aid station on 15 March, Pierce quickly took charge of the party, carried the newly wounded men to a sheltered position, and rendered first aid. After directing the evacuation of 3 of the casualties, he stood in the open to draw the enemy's fire and, with his weapon blasting, enabled the litter bearers to reach cover. Turning his attention to the other 2 casualties he was attempting to stop the profuse bleeding of 1 man when a Japanese fired from a cave less than 20 yards away and wounded his patient again. Risking his own life to save his patient, Pierce deliberately exposed himself to draw the attacker from the cave and destroyed him with the last of his ammunition Then lifting the wounded man to his back, he advanced unarmed through deadly rifle fire across 200 feet of open terrain. Despite exhaustion and in the face of warnings against such a suicidal mission, he again traversed the same fire-swept path to rescue the remaining marine. On the following morning, he led a combat patrol to the sniper nest and, while aiding a stricken Marine, was seriously wounded. Refusing aid for himself, he directed treatment for the casualty, at the same time maintaining protective fire for his comrades. Completely fearless, completely devoted to the care of his patients, Pierce inspired the entire battalion. His valor in the face of extreme peril sustains and enhances the finest traditions of the U.S. Naval Service.

</doc>
<doc id="9744337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744337" title="Omorashi">
Omorashi

Attitudes toward sexuality in omorashi media.
Most fetish activities concerning the use of bodily waste are considered by the general public as "hardcore", taboo, or edgeplay. However, because the object of the fetish is clothed incontinence, omorashi videos do not feature direct sexual contact. The focus on clothed (rather than overtly sexual images) makes garment fetishism a prominent feature in most omorashi erotica: commonly featured outfits include those worn by schoolgirls, female working professionals, and other women attempting to look dignified before succumbing to the need to urinate.
Japanese subculture.
There are many ways in which omorashi fetishism is practiced in Japan.
Yagai.
One of the variations is known as "omorashi yagai", which translates as "to wet oneself outdoors (or publicly)." A further variation includes "yagai hōnyō", or "outdoor (or public) urination", in which the subject publicly removes their clothes to urinate. Other "yagai hōnyō" practitioners operate much like graffiti artists, attempting public urination acts without being caught.
Nappies.
Another variation of omorashi play is "omutsu omorashi", less commonly called "oshime omorashi", both of which translate as "to wet oneself in a diaper." This omutsu variation is essentially the same as the standard omorashi, except that the participants are wearing a diaper instead of panties. Diapers may be favorable for public wetting because they render it more discreet and eliminate mess, and their use is not limited specifically to those with a diaper fetish. However, omorashi fetishists specifically interested in this aspect of the subculture could be considered a Japanese variation of the diaper lover community.
Fetish films.
In the years following the end of World War II, eroticism had been gradually making its way into Japanese cinema. The first kiss to be seen in Japanese film–discreetly half-hidden by an umbrella–caused a national sensation in 1946. Throughout the 1940s and early 1950s, nudity in Japanese movie theaters, as in most of the world, had been a taboo. Now, with foreign films such as Ingmar Bergman's "Summer with Monika" (1953), Louis Malle's "Les Amants" (1958), and Russ Meyer's "The Immoral Mr. Teas" (1959) introducing female nudity into international cinema, sexuality in films was being imported to Japan without problem. Nevertheless, until the early 1960s, graphic depictions of nudity and sex in Japanese film could only be seen in single-reel "stag films", made illegally by underground film producers such as those depicted in Imamura's film "The Pornographers" (1966).
It was during that period of the early sixties that the first wave of the "Pink film" began. Nudity and sex officially entered Japanese cinema with Satoru Kobayashi's controversial and popular independent production "Flesh Market" ("Nikutai no Ichiba", 1962), which is considered the first true "pink film". Made for 8 million yen, Kobayashi's independent feature film took in over 100 million yen.
The popularity of Pink films continued to grow, and by the early 1970s, sex and sexuality had found their way into even the most mainstream Japanese films. So much so in fact, that many of the major studios would be forced to rely on such films to prevent the loss of their theatrical audience. With their access to higher production-values and talent, some of these films became critical and popular successes.
In order to avoid Japan's strict censorship laws, which limited depictions of actual sex and pubic hair, these movies often relied on fetish elements which could skirt such restrictions. One such film, "" in 1973, would be the first to depict an omorashi scenario to a theatrical audience.
As the AV (adult video) genre took hold in the 1980s, videos specifically devoted to omorashi began to arise. Several notable AV idols have starred in such scenarios, including Sakura Sakurada. However, perhaps because of its softcore nature, omorashi never became relegated to solely pornographic fare.
Game shows.
Today, Japanese omorashi fans also enjoy game show-style videos in which contestants must compete in various urine-holding challenges. The Giga video company's "Desperation Tournament" series is an example of this kind of contest. One such activity has been a panel of contestants competing to hold their bladders or guess which woman has to use the restroom.
Anime and manga.
Japanese produced omorashi media also include comic books and animation. These range from independently produced dōjinshi to large commercially produced manga. Some focus exclusively on omorashi stories, while others include only the occasional scene. Some contain obvious sexual themes and could be considered a form of H manga, while others, like "Iinari! Aibure-shon" are famous as all-ages comics, featuring only mild ecchi content such as panchira. Wetting scenes have existed in anime as early as the popular "Devilman" of the 1970s. However, these did not have the erotic context which characterizes modern omorashi media, since they predated the first full-blown anime pornography, which was not available until 1984, when the advent of the first H anime OVAs such as Wonder Kids' "Lolita Anime" were made possible by the widespread availability of home video. One example of this later erotic context is the 1994 H anime OVA "Vixens", which features scenes of incontinence in a setting that is overtly sexual.
Eroge.
An "eroge" (erotic game) is a Japanese video or computer game that features erotic content, usually in the form of anime-style artwork. The crossover of omorashi and anime fandom has produced a number of games such as "" which are specifically focused on omorashi. The limited popularity of omorashi in the West has prompted a number of programmers in the scene to create software patches for these Japanese games which translate the on screen text into English.
Some eroge game designers have capitalized on omorashi fandom's niche market by including the occasional wetting scene in their games a selling point. "MAID iN HEAVEN SuperS", for example, which contains only a single, diapered wetting scene, was used to spin-off an entire set of collectible figures in various omorashi poses. These PVC model figures were created by toy manufacturer Giga Pulse, which is not related to the video company of similar name.
Collectibles.
With the translation of omorashi into manga and its subsequent adoption by otaku fandom, a number of omorashi themed collectibles have appeared on the Japanese market, including figurines and "Shizukuishi kyuun kyuun toilet paper" printed with wetting scenes featuring the character Shizukuishi from the omorashi manga, "Iinari! Aibure-shon".
Outside of Japan.
Though there is a small community devoted to such fetishism outside of Japan, it is usually overshadowed by the more hardcore fetishes, urolagnia and urophagia. Outside of Japan, omorashi groups usually refer to their shared interest as "desperation" fetishism, often making a distinction between content featuring males and females. Some English language websites with a focus on females simply identify as "panty wetting." Since such sites abandon the "desperation" title which implies an effort not to wet, they are more likely to include nudity, overtly sexual models and situations, as well as purposeful (as opposed to accidental) wetting.
There are still communities out there which focus on the more tame or softcore aspects of omorashi, which are generally focused on simple wetting in fully or semi-clothed situations without the overtly sexual models and situations. They are just of a more rare nature as far as English speaking communities go.
Though there is generally no wide acceptance of incontinence-based play, recent studies in England have shown that urinary incontinence during sexual activity is a "common, but rarely volunteered symptom" observed in 24% of sexually active women. Moreover, no connection could be identified with any specific abnormality of bladder function associated with these symptoms, indicating that such leakage is both normal and healthy.
Western publications and media.
Because of the western stigma in numerous countries against wetting, omorashi subculture has not received such diverse exposure in non-Japanese media. In some countries, governments have even banned such materials. In New Zealand for example, creating, trading, distributing (e.g. making available on one's web page) anything promoting or supporting "the use of urine or excrement in association with degrading or dehumanising conduct or sexual conduct" is a felony punishable by up to ten (10) years in jail.
William Vorilong, a British historian of the Middle Ages, wrote a few lines about a version of "omorashi" practiced in medieval Japan, as explained by Japanese traveler he met in London.
Print.
One such example is the Australia based, internationally distributed, "Wet Set Magazine". The welcome header on their website reads:
Though Wet Set publications were originally only available in English, readership in German speaking countries has since proved high enough to justify printing some materials in German.
Though Wet Set does not generally acknowledge the comparatively large Asian fan base over any other country, some Western advocates of omorashi recognize a heavy Asian influence. For instance, in a February 2006 issue of The Brooklyn Rail, American poet Garrett Caples of Oakland, California chose to describe the shooting of an omorashi film in a Japanese setting.
Aside from lending Western omorashi media an "authentic" quality, the inclusion of Japanese models and settings might also be seen as an attempt to play upon the stereotype of ultrapassivity globally associated with Asian women, further enhancing their perceived "moe" qualities and catering to Asian fetishists.
Music.
Cat Chaser Conspiracy, an American all-girl punk rock band, became known during the 80s and 90s for performing a panty-wetting stage act as they played songs about wetting themselves. Some "wetty gurl" fans would wet themselves when these songs were played. Before their breakup in 1999, members made regular appearances in the pages of Wet Set magazine. Their second vocalist, Moppet, appeared as a model in a number of photosets, including #84 through 89.
Another all-female band, Rockbitch, would often use omorashi as part of their performance, wetting themselves onstage and also peeing on willing participants in the audience.
Other examples of omorashi in English language rock music include another all-female group, Crucified Barbara, from Sweden. Their song "I Wet Myself" from their debut album "In Distortion We Trust" states:
In BDSM.
Omorashi may be practiced in BDSM, where the dominant controls how and when the submissive is allowed to use the bathroom. This is sometimes referred to as "bathroom use control".

</doc>
<doc id="9744351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744351" title="Mitazono Station">
Mitazono Station


</doc>
<doc id="9744353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744353" title="Sarasota County Area Transit">
Sarasota County Area Transit

Sarasota County Area Transit (SCAT) provides public transportation for Sarasota County, Florida and is operated by the county. SCAT maintains 24 fixed-line bus routes plus a dial-a-ride paratransit service (SCAT Plus). Bus service is offered throughout Sarasota County from 5am until midnight 7 days a week. There is no service on most major holidays, with the Longboat Trolley being the only exception. However, trolley service does not run on Thanksgiving or Christmas Day.
Fare Structure.
Transfers.
SCAT will offer MCAT transfers ONLY on Route 99 for those boarding at or north of the Sarasota-Bradenton International Airport. Transfer fare is subject to the MCAT fare schedule.
SCAT Bus Routes.
SCAT operates 24 different local bus routes, servicing as far south as Venice, North Port and Englewood. Additionally, SCAT operates two joint routes with Manatee County Area Transit (MCAT); the Longboat Trolley route 18, and route 99 (Sarasota/Bradenton Connector).
In April 2011, SCAT introduced its first express route between North Port & Downtown Sarasota [http://www.scgov.net/NewsStories/documents/ExpressAD.pdf].
Late-Night and Sunday Service.
Due to growing ridership demand, SCAT introduced late-night and Sunday service on select routes in 2007. Of the 11 routes selected for this service modification, two (6 & 12) run as standalone routes, while the rest are "combined" routes. Route 9S was added in November 2009
Fleet.
SCAT maintains a fleet of Gillig buses, including ten hybrid BRT buses that the agency purchased in 2006. SCAT also has a contigency fleet of Orion I and Orion V buses.
Not pictured
Future plans.
SCAT is currently laying out the future of Sarasota County public transit with the following projects.
Bus Rapid Transit.
SCAT began planning out bus rapid transit (BRT) service along US 41 from Sarasota/Bradenton International Airport to downtown Sarasota, with possible links south of the area. The project is currently in the early planning stages, with no funding allocated at the moment. However, the agency is seeking federal financial assistance for the project.

</doc>
<doc id="9744376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744376" title="Saltford, Ontario">
Saltford, Ontario

Saltford is a small unincorporated community in Ontario, Canada located at the intersection of Highway 21 and Saltford Road, on the east bank of the Maitland River in the township of Ashfield-Colborne-Wawanosh just east of Goderich. In early 1866, local entrepreneur Samuel Platt discovered the presence of brine while drilling for oil in the community. He subsequently developed a salt extraction business, using an evaporation process. This discovery inspired the development of several salt extraction operations in the immediate area, eventually culminating in the opening of the Sifto Salt mine in nearby Goderich, currently (2007) the third largest salt producer in the world.
Saltford's name has been changed several times throughout its history. In 1834, Doctor William "Tiger" Dunlop and his brother Captain Robert Dunlop, named their settlement on the north shore of the Maitland river Gairbraid, after their mother's home in Dunbartonshire, Scotland. The name changed to Bridgend Place, Maitlandville, and finally in 1879, Saltford.
History Pre 1900.
In 1866 Samuel Platt was drilling the northern bank of the Maitland river in search of oil. At a depth of 960 feet he struck one of the most expansive deposits of salt in the world. A sample of the extracted salt brine was tested by an authority of the time, Professor Goessman, who said it was "the most concentrated possible and the purest known."
The discovery of the salt deposits developed the local economy with at least 10 salt extraction and evaporator plants producing salt in 1872.
The Boom times 1900-1920.
Salford was a community of about 250 people in the late 1800s. There were several thriving businesses including:
MacEwan Salt Works
Savage's brick yard
The Crown and Anchor was the first tavern in Colbone Township established in ????.
The Lasham Hotel est.? torn down 1915.
Martin's Hotel
Well's Brewery
A cigar manufacturing plant
Symonds Bros. cooperage (1909)
McIntye's blacksmith shop
Gallagher's harness shop
J.T. Goldthorpe fruit evaporator plant (1909)
Bisset's Creamery that supplied milk to urban communities throughout Ontario
References.
The Star newspaper October 7, 1909 - Page 1, Saltford has a fire

</doc>
<doc id="9744378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744378" title="Harbinger Hall">
Harbinger Hall

Harbinger Hall is a short story by Bill Roorbach. It is about a boy who sends a false letter to his teacher, claiming to be moving, and the proceeds to cut school. In cutting school, he meets an old man who teaches him about the Russian Revolution, and brings it to life. "Harbinger Hall" was published in "The Atlantic" in December 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9744381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744381" title="Russ Howell">
Russ Howell

Russ Howell began skateboarding in 1958. He competed and won many contests, including the main event at the 1975 Del Mar Contest that was featured in the "Dogtown" movies. He also won city, state, national, and two international skateboarding titles. Russ is considered the first 'freestyle' champion.
Russ set a Guinness World record for longest handstand on a skateboard (2 minutes) and another for the most 360s (163). Russ is the first professional skateboarder and opened up the sport to professionalism. He served on many organizational boards in an effort to elevate the sport. He is a member of the Thrasher Hall of Fame. He currently skates for Decomposed Skateboards.

</doc>
<doc id="9744384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744384" title="Morisekinoshita Station">
Morisekinoshita Station

Lines.
Morisekinoshita Station is served by the Sendai Airport Line.
History.
The station opened on March 18, 2007, coinciding with the opening of the Sendai Airport Line.

</doc>
<doc id="9744410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744410" title="Samuli Tyyskä">
Samuli Tyyskä

Samuli Tyyskä (born March 23, 1990 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish figure skater. He is the two time Finnish junior national champion. He is the 2007 Nordic junior silver medalist and has competed on the Junior Grand Prix circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="9744431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744431" title="Bradley Lake">
Bradley Lake

Bradley Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The glacially formed lake is located near the terminus of Garnet Canyon. Bradley Lake can be accessed by the Bradley Lake Trail, a roundtrip hike commencing from the Taggart Lake trailhead parking area. The lake is less than one half mile (0.8 km) north of Taggart Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="9744448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744448" title="Federal Reserve Statistical Release">
Federal Reserve Statistical Release

The Federal Reserve of the United States gathers and publishes certain economic data and releases them as a Federal Reserve Statistical Release.
The main categories include:

</doc>
<doc id="9744454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744454" title="The darkness">
The darkness

The darkness may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9744468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744468" title="Winter Tour '05–'06">
Winter Tour '05–'06

"Winter Tour '05–'06" is a live album by the band Slightly Stoopid that was released in 2006. A live DVD recorded in San Diego, CA on November 26 and 25, 2005 was also released to coincide with the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9744475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744475" title="Thomas Paulson">
Thomas Paulson

Thomas Paulson (born 28 December 1987 in Derby, England) is a British figure skater. He is the 2005, 2006–2007 and 2008 British national silver medalist. Paulson was a member of Team Skate GB, the British national squad, since 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9744483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744483" title="Club Universitario de Buenos Aires">
Club Universitario de Buenos Aires

Club Universitario de Buenos Aires, commonly known for its acronym CUBA, is a sports club with headquarters in the Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires, Argentina's federal district. Universitario hosts the practise of a large variety of sports and activities, such as basketball, boxing, fencing, football, golf, field hockey, gymnastics, martial arts, paddle tennis, rowing, rugby union, scuba diving, skiing, squash, swimming, tennis, volleyball, waterpolo, weightlifiting and windsurfing.
One of the sports the club had gained more recognition is rugby union, which senior team currently plays in the URBA Grupo I, the first division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires. "CUBA" has won 14 first division titles to date.
The Club was founded on May 11, 1918, by a group of university students as a mean of fostering camaraderie in a politics-free environment. The main request to become a member was to be a university student. In 1917, after a basketball game played in the Young Christian Association -which ended in a riot act- some of its members were punished. Many of those members would be fund the club one year later.
Locations.
At present, CUBA has many branches disseminated over Argentina: 

</doc>
<doc id="9744546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744546" title="Space mirror">
Space mirror

Can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9744550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744550" title="Ulm School of Design">
Ulm School of Design

The Ulm School of Design (Hochschule für Gestaltung Ulm) was a college of design based in Ulm, Germany.
Founded in 1953 by Inge Aicher-Scholl, Otl Aicher and Max Bill, the latter being first Rector of the school and a former student at the Bauhaus. The HfG quickly gained international recognition and is now viewed as being second only to the Bauhaus as the most influential school of design. During its operation from 1953–1968, new approaches to the design process were implemented within the departments of Product Design, Visual Communication, Industrialized Building, Information and Filmmaking.
The HfG building was designed by Max Bill and remains intact today as a historically important and functional building under the auspices of Foundation Ulm. The HfG was one of the most progressive educational institutions of design in the decades of the 50s and 60s and a pioneer in the study of semiotics.
The history of HfG evolved through innovation and change, in line with their own self-image of the school as an experimental institution. This resulted in numerous changes in the content, organization of classes and continuing internal conflicts that influenced the final decision of closing the HfG in 1968. Although the school ceased operation after fifteen years, the ′Ulm Model′ continues to have a major influence on international design education.
History.
Background and early political history.
The postwar years, between 1945 and 1952 in West Germany were characterized by heavy restructuring and financing plans, such as the Marshall Plan.
The origins of HfG go back to an initiative by the brother-and-sister Scholl Foundation. The Scholl Foundation was created in 1950 by Inge Scholl in memory of their siblings Sophie and Hans Scholl, members of the resistance group "White Rose", executed in 1943 by the National Socialists (Nazis).
In 1946 Inge Scholl along with Otl Aicher and a group of young intellectuals considered creating a teaching and research institution to foster the humanistic education ideal and link creative activity to everyday life. They would seek this goal in context of the cultural reconstruction of German society morally destroyed by Nazism and World War II. The project was funded through the influx of a million marks by John McCloy of the American High Command for Germany in the post-war governing structure.
Through contacts with Max Bill and Walter Gropius, the Foundation also received financial support from the German Federal Financial Directorship and from the European Aid to Europe as well as private contributions and industry funding.
HfG began operating the new college in 1953 with Max Bill, a former student at the Bauhaus, as Rector. On 3 August of that year, operations were begun in rooms at the Ulm ‘Volkshochschule’ (institution for adult education) with a faculty consisting of Josef Albers, Johannes Itten and Walter Peterhans (former Bauhaus instructors) and Helene Nonné-Schmidt (Bauhaus graduate). Later HfG faculty would include Hans Gugelot, Otl Aicher, Tomas Maldonado, Friedrich Vordemberge-Gildewart and Walter Zeischegg. Distinguished visiting lecturers were invited from a variety of disciplines and included: Mies van der Rohe, Walter Gropius, Charles and Ray Eames, Herbert Bayer, Josef Müller-Brockmann, Reyner Banham, Buckminister Fuller, Hugo Häring, Konrad Wachsmann, Norbert Wiener and Mia Seeger.
The teaching was based on a curriculum covering four years. The first academic year was devoted to the basic course and then students chose a specialty from Product Design, Visual Communication, Industrialized Building, Information (which lasted until 1962) and Filmmaking, which until 1961 belonged to the Visual Communications department since 1962 and became independent.
In 1953 the new building was started, designed by Max Bill, and the inauguration took place on October 2, 1955. The HfG building complex was one of the first in Germany built as reinforced concrete structures with spacious workshops, dormitories and a cafeteria. The interiors and furnishings were designed for flexible use and outdoor terraces were often used for lectures.
Internal conflicts.
In 1956 Max Bill resigned as Rector, due to changes in the body of academic development and differences in the approach to design school teaching. Tomas Maldonado took his place as Rector. Bill continued to teach but finally left the school in 1957. Max Bill favored a teaching approach that followed the continuation of the "heroic" Bauhaus tradition, based on the "Arts and Crafts" model, in which the artist-designer saw their primary role in product development as form-giving. A key objective of the Bauhaus was also to ensure the form-giving artist-designer considered the technology of materials and mass production methods. However, many teachers at HfG, especially those of theoretical courses, sought to emphasize analytic methods encompassing sociological, economic, psychological and physiological considerations.
Among them was Thomas Maldonado, who saw the design process as a system embodying both scientific-based and intuitive-based thinking. Aesthetic considerations were no longer the primary conceptual basis of design. The professional designer would be an "integrator" with responsibility for integrating a large number of specialties in addition to aesthetics, mostly the diverse requirements of materials, manufacturing and context of product use, as well as considerations of usability, identity and marketing. Under the leadership of Maldonado, the school dropped the "artist" focus of Max Bill and proposed a new philosophy of education as an "operational science", a systems-thinking approach which embodied both art and science.
Max Bill's departure also heralded a new phase: the creation of "development groups" that were created specifically to create links with industry. Many of the resulting designs went into production immediately. Among the most successful was audio equipment for the company Braun, corporate identity for the German airline Lufthansa and elevated trains for Railroad Hamburg. These industrial commissions brought a wealth of experience in teaching and decisive influence to the school and enhanced its reputation.
In the fall of 1958 a major exhibition was held in the HfG five years after its opening. The HfG was presented to the general public for the first time, showing both the results of work from student workshops and the work of teachers. That same year also came the first issue of the HfG magazine "ulm", which was published in German and English, and lasted until the school closed in 1968.
The formal education process continued to evolve during the 1960s. Teachers such as the mathematician Horst Rittel, sociologist Hanno Kesting, and industrial designer Bruce Archer were in favor of a design methodology based primarily on analytical studies, including business analysis. This approach caused internal conflicts as Otl Aicher, Hans Gugelot, Walter Zeischegg, and Tomas Maldonado resisted such an overly analytical emphasis and claimed instead that the design process had to be more than strictly a 'method of analysis'. It must be a balancing of both art and science, such as with the study of semiotics.
The consequence of this debate was a great exhibition of work that had been created in the classes of HfG and showcased the successful balancing of art and science. The show was initially in Ulm and Stuttgart in 1963, later in the Neue Sammlung, Munich, and in the "Stedelijk Museum" Amsterdam. In addition to the fundamental debate over curriculum, changes were made in the constitution and the reintroduction of a single Rector to replace the Board of Governors.
Closure of HfG.
'Family' squabbles over the direction of the curriculum, led to a press attack in 1963 against HfG. The Parliament of Baden-Wuerttemberg repeatedly discussed whether the school deserved subsidies. The problems were becoming more frequent. After the unsuccessful Parliament demand that HfG join the Ulm School of Engineering, Federal subsidies were abolished and the financial situation became untenable.
With the cessation of grants, the School Foundation was in debt. In 1968 some teachers were dismissed because of the difficult financial situation and the number of classes was reduced. In November, the Regional Parliament voted to withdraw all funding, therefore, the school was closed amid protests later that same year.
Curriculum.
The curriculum lasted 4 years. The first year was devoted to the basic design course ("Vorkurs") that was intended to offset the deficit in primary and secondary education in terms of creative project activity.
The second and third years were for elective specialization: Product Design, Industrialized Building, Visual Communication and Information, with Filmmaking being added later.
The last year of study was intended for thesis. The plan was subject to investigations that were made in regard to new approaches to design and which were then implemented in each department of the specialties.
Basic Course.
Students of all programs shared the same basic design course, which lasted a year. This course was mandatory before proceeding to one of the five specialization programs offered by the institution. The course content was:
Department of Product Design.
The product design department was the one who had more achievements and that radically changed the vision of industrial design. The development of new methods of mass production during the Second World War implored the designer to stop focusing primarily on the artistic point of view of the profession. Therefore, HfG teaching put increased emphasis on science and technology considerations, more in keeping with the times, and on industrial production processes that determine the final product quality and affect the product aesthetic form.
Department of Visual Communication.
At first the department was called Visual Design, but it quickly became clear their goal was to solve design problems in the area of mass media, so that in the 1956/56 academic year the name changed to Visual Communications Department.
The curriculum included the development and implementation of visual reports, news systems and transmission media. Emphasis included the field of planning and analysis of modern means of communication, with a clear focus on the illustrative arts. Maldonado also introduced the study of semiotics. This department worked closely with the Department of Information. Although HfG distanced itself from an affiliation with the mass media advertising industry.
The HfG worked primarily in the area of persuasive communication in areas such as vehicular and pedestrian traffic sign systems, plans for technical equipment, visual translation of scientific content to be readily understood and unity of company communications materials.
Teaching Approach.
In the early years of operation, and with the direction of Max Bill, the teaching of the school was guided by the principles of the Bauhaus, where the designer had a profile of being much more artistic than analytic. Based on the discrepancies between Bill's approach and that of other teachers, including the systems principles of Tomas Maldonado, the school shifted its ideology to a more methodological and structured field of study, but one that also strongly embraced aesthetics as a primary factor. This resulted in an academic program with a common basic course and an introduction to consolidated theoretical disciplines. The new design teaching approach became known as the "Ulm Model" which significantly influenced worldwide design education, especially industrial design, as the HfG reputation spread and many HfG graduates established Ulm-influenced education programs around the globe.
Collaboration with Braun.
Midway through the decade of the 50s, the HfG and Braun, began a phase of cooperation. Braun needed to stand out from the competition and asked Otl Aicher, Hans Gugelot, and students to work on new designs for the company. Dieter Rams, who was a newly hired Braun designer, collaborated with HfG on developing the forward-looking Braun product design approach. With this partnership the "Braun style" was developed, and according to Thomas Maldonado, "the style differed from "Olivetti" who sought "unity in variety", while the style of Braun sought "unity in the product and its coherence with other products". Because of this, the Braun-HfG collaboration was a formidable test bench for the design of "honest" form and coherent identity as an alternative to the random "styling" of individual objects.
Legacy.
Until the founding of the Ulm HfG in 1953, there was no systematic approach of design education. HfG pioneered the integration of science and art, thereby creating a teaching of design based on a structured problem-solving approach: reflections on the problems of use by people, knowledge of materials and production processes, methods of analysis and synthesis, choice and founded projective alternatives, the emphasis on scientific and technical disciplines, the consideration of ergonomics, the integration of aesthetics, the understanding of semiotics and a close academic relationship with industry.
Exhibits.
Between September 2011 and April 2012 the Disseny Hub Barcelona held an exhibition about the Ulm School of Design. It was named "systems design. the ulm school"

</doc>
<doc id="9744578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744578" title="Central African Republic Coupe Nationale">
Central African Republic Coupe Nationale

The Coupe Nationale is the top knockout tournament of the Central African Republic football.

</doc>
<doc id="9744589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744589" title="Taggart Lake">
Taggart Lake

Taggart Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The natural lake is located at the terminus of Avalanche Canyon. A number of hiking trails can be found near the lake including a roundtrip hike commencing from the Taggart Lake Trailhead parking area. The lake is approximately one mile south of Bradley Lake reckoned by trail distance. A 2005 study of the water quality of the lakes in Grand Teton National Park indicated that the lakes in the park were still considered pristine and that they had not been impacted by air or water pollution. 

</doc>
<doc id="9744596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744596" title="Every Little Step">
Every Little Step

"Every Little Step" is a 1989 single by R&B singer Bobby Brown, released by the MCA Records label. Released as the fourth single on his second album "Don't Be Cruel", it reached #3 on the Billboard Hot 100, #1 on the Hot Black Singles chart, and #6 on the UK Singles Chart in 1990. The song also appears on Brown's album of remixes, "Dance!...Ya Know It!".
Composition.
Around the time "Don't Be Cruel" was in production, L.A. Reid was dating singer Pebbles, who later became his wife. Inspired by his relationship with his girlfriend at the time, he wrote and co-produced the song with Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, intending to give it to the group Midnight Star. Bobby Brown, however, heard a demo of the song and liked it instantly, which led to its inclusion on "Don't Be Cruel."
Music video.
The song's video is known for its all-white background with dancers in front. This video style has been replicated since then, most notably in commercials for Gap. 
Comedian Jimmy Fallon parodied the music video in the video for his 2002 song "Idiot Boyfriend".

</doc>
<doc id="9744602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744602" title="Delos Bennett Sackett">
Delos Bennett Sackett

Delos Bennett Sackett (April 14, 1822 – March 8, 1885) was a career officer in the United States Army, and served in the American Civil War as a general in the Union Army. He was a postbellum Senior Inspector General of the Army.
Early life and career.
Sackett (spelled Sacket in some army records) was born in Cape Vincent, New York. He graduated the United States Military Academy in 1845. As a lieutenant in the 2nd Dragoons, he was assigned to duty in Texas and then in the Mexican-American War. He was cited for gallantry for his actions at the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma. 
He plotted out 84 city blocks with stakes and rawhide rope lore, as the foundation of what is now Las Cruces, New Mexico. In 1848, during the summer, he was with 87 soldiers of the First Dragoons of Company H, charged with defending homesteads from Apache raids. El Paso, Texas, was one of these communities protected by Sackett's force. While scouting against the Apache Indians in 1850, he won special distinction from his superiors as "an active and gallant officer." Sackett married a Cherokee girl, Amanda Fields. The couple had a daughter, but Mrs. Sackett died in August 1849 in Arkansas while her husband was serving on the frontier. 
In December 1850, Sackett returned to West Point as Assistant Instructor of Cavalry Tactics, serving until April 1855. With the rank of captain in the 1st U.S. Cavalry, he went to Kansas Territory to Fort Leavenworth and served on various expeditions against hostile Indians. He then served on a variety of posts around the country and took a leave of absence for an extended trip to Europe. He was serving in the Indian Territory when the Civil War erupted.
Civil War.
At the outset of the war, Sackett, then the lieutenant colonel of the 5th U.S. Cavalry, was assigned to Washington, D.C. as the Acting Inspector-General of the Department of Washington. He held that position until August 1861, when he was reassigned as the Mustering and Disbursing Officer for New York City until December, spending much of his time helping to organize newly recruited troops. In late December, he joined the Army of the Potomac as its Inspector General, serving in that role until January 1863. He was in the Peninsula Campaign as a staff officer and advisor to Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan and again during the Maryland Campaign. After serving under Maj. Gen. Ambrose Burnside at Fredericksburg, Sackett took command of the Inspector General's Office in Washington. 
He then served on a variety of military boards (helping to organize the Invalid Corps) until April 1864, when he was sent to the Western Theater on inspection duty for the Departments of the Tennessee, Cumberland, Arkansas, and New Mexico. In the omnibus promotions at the end of the war, he reached the brevet rank of major general for "faithful and meritorious services during the Rebellion."
Postbellum career.
After spending a year in New York City awaiting orders, Sackett was sent to the Montana Territory on an inspection tour, and then went on to the Pacific Coast. He was then assigned as Inspector General of the Department of the Tennessee from November 1866 through to March 1867. He served in the same role in a variety of posts until 1881, when he returned to Washington as a brigadier general and Senior Inspector General of the Army, a post he held until his death in Washington at the age of 63 of gangrene.
He was buried in his native Cape Vincent, where he had built an impressive house in 1872. 
Post # 268 of the Grand Army of the Republic in Cape Vincent was named for Delos B. Sackett. 
Camp Sackett was a United States military camp located about 3.5 miles southwest of Lecompton, Kansas. It served as a temporary prison for free state advocates, including Governor Charles L. Robinson, during the Bleeding Kansas issue in 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="9744633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744633" title="Alta High School">
Alta High School

Alta High School may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="9744689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744689" title="2005 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom">
2005 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Men's Giant Slalom

Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 2004/2005
Final point standings.
In Men's Giant Slalom World Cup 2004/05 all results count.
Note:
In the last race only the best racers were allowed to compete and only the best 15 finishers were awarded with points.
Men's Giant Slalom Team Results.
bold = highest score "italics" = race wins

</doc>
<doc id="9744702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744702" title="Burkinabé SuperCup">
Burkinabé SuperCup

The Burkinabé SuperCup is a match competition in Burkinabé football, played between the Burkinabé Premier League champions and the Coupe du Faso winners.
This cup is known as "Coupe de l'Association Sportive des Journalistes du Burkina".

</doc>
<doc id="9744744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744744" title="Claudine Schaul">
Claudine Schaul

Claudine Schaul (born 20 August 1983 in Luxembourg City) is a professional tennis player from Luxembourg. Her career-high singles ranking as of 15 June 2009 was "World Number 41", which was achieved on 24 May 2004, and World Number 71 for doubles achieved on 8 November 2004.
Schaul first played for the Luxembourg Federation Cup team in 1998, and has played 30 singles and 16 doubles matches up to and including 2008.
Career.
2003.
A year after turning pro, Schaul made it to the third round of the 2003 US Open after upsetting former Number 15 Anna Smashnova 7–6 (7–5), 6–2 in Round 1 as well as beating Samantha Reeves 6–1, 4–6, 6–3 in Round 2, before losing her Round 3 match versus Dinara Safina 4–6, 5–7.
2004.
In January 2004, Schaul was able to win her first Doubles title in Canberra, Australia, partnering Jelena Kostanić Tošić. Shortly after, Schaul made it to the third round of the 2004 Australian Open before losing to Alicia Molik.
Later that year in May, Schaul managed to win her first WTA title at Strasbourg, defeating Lindsay Davenport 2–6, 6–0, 6–3 in the final.
Due to her strong performances at the Australian Open and the Internationaux de Strasbourg, Schaul was awarded the honour of being the flag bearer for Luxembourg at the 2004 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in Athens, Greece. At the Olympics, she lost her first round game 1–6, 1–6 against Slovak Daniela Hantuchová.
Personal life.
Her father and brother are sports teachers and introduced her to tennis when she was four years old.

</doc>
<doc id="9744762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744762" title="Baseball pocket billiards">
Baseball pocket billiards

Baseball pocket billiards or baseball pool (sometimes, in context, referred to simply as baseball) is a pocket billiards (pool) game suitable for multiple players that borrows phraseology and even some aspects of form from the game of baseball. For instance, although baseball pool is played on a standard pool table, the 9 ball is known as the "pitcher", the table's where balls are racked is known as "home plate", and each team or player is afforded "nine innings" to score as many "runs" as possible.
Baseball pocket billiards has been in existence since at least 1912, when Brunswick soberly described it in a pamphlet as "the most fascinating game of the twentieth century." The game has relatively simple rules. The winner is the player with the highest run tally after all players have taken nine turns "at bat".
Although never one of the most popular billiards pursuits, and more well known in the early- to mid-20th century, the game has been featured in well-advertised public tournaments. For example, in 1922, the Pennsylvania Railroad System hosted a large scale “Indoor Championships” sports tourney in Columbus, Ohio, with more than 1,500 contestants competing at 15 events, including baseball pocket billiards, for an audience of approximately 20,000 spectators.
Gameplay.
Set-up.
Baseball pocket billiards is played with 21 numbered . Since a standard set of pool balls is numbered 1 through 15, sets of balls numbered 16 through 21, known as "baseball sets", have been marketed specifically for the game, along with the oversized triangle racks needed for proper . The balls are racked at the end of a pool table, with the of the triangle centered over the ("home plate").
Viewed from the racker's vantage point, the 1-ball is placed at the triangle's apex, the 2-ball at the right corner, and the 3-ball at the left corner. The 9-ball, called the "pitcher", is placed at what would be the center of the rack if the game were to be played with 15 balls. All other balls are placed randomly. Because most physical racks only accommodate 15 balls, the last row of balls may be placed manually after placement with a standard triangle. The opening break and subsequent breaks, if any "(see "infra")", are performed with the from the (behind the table's ).
Object of the game.
Baseball pocket billiards is a game, meaning a player must call the ball to be hit and the intended pocket on all shots but for the . Any incidental balls pocketed on a successful called shot count in the player’s favor but must be spotted to home plate if unsuccessful. Each player is allowed nine at the table, played in succession, in which to score as many runs as possible. The game ends when all players have completed their rounds. The winner is the player with the most runs after all have finished their turn "at bat".
Scoring.
Each legally pocketed balls garners the shooter the numerical face value of the ball. For example, pocketing the 2- and 15-balls during an inning results in a score of 17 runs for that . Scores must be contemporaneously recorded on a score sheet with the total tally for each inning marked. If a player pockets all 21 balls before his inning allotment ends, the balls are re-racked and play continues, with a re-break from the kitchen. Each inning continues until a player misses a ball or commits a .
Penalty for fouls.
The penalty for a foul is a loss of turn, no score for the ball or balls pocketed on the fouled stroke, "as well as" no score for the immediately preceding pocketed ball during "any inning". This means that if a player did not legally pocket a ball on the preceding the foul, the last ball pocketed in the last scoring inning is spotted and subtracted from that prior inning's score. All balls on a fouled stroke are to home plate. If the player has not yet made any balls at the time of the foul, the first subsequent ball pocketed is spotted at the inning's conclusion and does not count toward the player's score.

</doc>
<doc id="9744781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744781" title="Church of St. Vincent Ferrer (Manhattan)">
Church of St. Vincent Ferrer (Manhattan)

The Church of St. Vincent Ferrer is a Roman Catholic parish in Manhattan, New York City. The 1918 church building, at the corner of Lexington Avenue and East 66th Street on the Upper East Side, has been called "one of New York's greatest architectural adornments". It was built by the Dominicans; the attached priory serves as the headquarters of the Eastern United States Province of the order.
Its architecture has some unusual features. Above the front entrance is one of the few statues of the Crucifixion on the exterior of an American Catholic church. Inside, the Stations of the Cross depict Christ with oil paintings instead of statuary or carvings. It has two Schantz pipe organs.
The church is under the patronage of Saint Vincent Ferrer, a Dominican preacher. It was designated a New York City landmark in 1967. Seventeen years later, in 1984, the church and priory, designed in 1881 by William Schickel, were listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Andy Warhol regularly attended Mass at the church.
St. Vincent Ferrer High School for girls is on its grounds. Members also work in charitable efforts like local shelters and food pantries. They are also involved in interfaith lobbying for affordable housing in Manhattan.
Property.
The church complex comprises four buildings, all on the block between East 65th and 66th on the east side of Lexington. Across the street are low rowhouses; just to the north are the Seventh Regiment Armory, a National Historic Landmark, and the apartment building at 131–35 East 66th Street, also a city landmark. The entire site is less than an acre (4,000 m²).
Within the site, four buildings – the church, priory, Holy Name Society building and St. Vincent Ferrer High School — are connected by adjoining walls. All are architecturally compatible, but only the church and priory are considered contributing properties due to their age and simpler architecture.
The cruciform church is built of limestone laid in a random ashlar pattern on three sides. The east (rear) elevation, barely visible from the street, is faced in brick. On the west, facing Lexington Avenue, is the five-bay tower. It has two engaged octagonal towers flanking the large rose window, with stone tracery forming conjoined trefoils, in the center of the upper stage. Below the window is a tall round-arched entryway and stone steps topped with a carving of the Crucifixion. On the north and south the bays are divided by buttresses supporting the steeply pitched copper roof
Inside, the entire nave is finished in the exterior limestone. In addition to the rose window, all the side windows are filled with stained glass. Pews and choir stalls are in ornate carved wood, and the altar is set off by a carved stone reredos. At the rear the oak pulpit is decorated with carvings in medieval Gothic style. The Stations of the Cross are represented by oil paintings. A large console in the choir controls the two Schantz pipe organs, a two-manual instrument in the choir and a four-manual organ in the west gallery. The interior also features two relics of St. Vincent Ferrer in the church and the only example of a hanging pyx that is not in a museum.
The priory, at the northeast corner of 65th and Lexington, is a five-story brick building on a brownstone foundation. Its facades are decorated with alternating stone and brick voussoirs, arched openings, stone bands at the imposts, pilasters and buttresses. The roofline is lined with stone and brick corbels below the cornice, with elongated stone corbels on the projecting gabled entrance tower in the center of the east (front) facade. A high brownstone stoop with cast iron newels and rails leads from the street to a deeply recessed, arched first floor entrance with clustered colonnettes. The mix of the brick and stone with the slate tiling on the dormer-pierced mansard roof gives the building a polychromatic effect.
The Holy Name Society building and school are both similar structures of brick and stone. Much of their detailing and ornament, such as their buttresses and tracery, echoes or mirrors that found on the church and priory. The Society building and school date to 1930 and 1948 respectively and are not considered sufficiently historic enough to be included in the National Register listing with the church and priory at this time.
The address of the church, as listed in 1892, was 871 Lexington Avenue.
History.
In the 1860s, a Dominican priest from France, Father Thomas Martin, was sent to the Diocese of New York and took up residence in a brownstone on Lexington Avenue and 62nd Street. Others followed, and the Dominicans became popular among the city's Catholic population. John McCloskey, the archbishop of the Diocese of New York and the first American cardinal, asked them to establish a parish on what is now the Upper East Side. Father Martin and the other priests borrowed $10,000 ($ in contemporary dollars), bought 18 lots totaling at the present location and began to construct a chapel on the northeast corner of 65th Street. The first Mass was offered in this chapel on July 2, 1867.
By 1879 the construction was expanded and on December 12, a second church was dedicated. Its first Mass was celebrated on the feast day of St. Vincent Ferrer, September 8, 1879. At the same time the order decided to build a priory at the church to serve as its provincial headquarters. It commissioned William Schickel, a German-born architect who had recently completed his first major work in New York, the John Crimmins House at 40 East 68th Street. The priory's intricate use of materials and its overall polychromy, characteristics of the High Victorian Gothic style popular in the late 19th century, reflect Schickel's training in Bavaria and the strong influence there of Friedrich von Gärtner. It was the first of many buildings Schickel would design for the New York diocese.
Five years later, in 1884, the first school was built. The church would serve the congregation until 1914, when it was demolished in order to begin construction of a new one designed by Bertram Grosvenor Goodhue, who had recently struck out on his own from Cram, Goodhue & Ferguson. While it was being built, the congregation worshipped in a temporary building at East 67th Street.
The architect wrote to a friend that he considered St. Vincent Ferrer his best Gothic work; he designed the Gothic Revival church in the style of 14th-century French Gothic, with echoes of Romanesque. Lee Lawrie's carving of the Cross above the entrance was the first time one had been located on the exterior of an American Catholic church, and is still one of the few instances. Guastavino tile was used on the interior to provide for excellent acoustics, the only time it was used in a church. Goodhue had Charles Connick's stained glass windows positioned so that the colors complemented each other. He also decided that, reflecting the Dominican Order's Spanish origins, the representations of Christ at each of the Stations of the Cross would be oil paintings rather than the statuary or carvings more commonly used in American Catholic churches. The images were painted by Telford and Ethel Paullin in imitation of styles from different countries and eras, which accounts for the changing color of Christ's robe between them. 
As originally planned the church was to have a fifteen-story fleche. As construction progressed that became unfeasible. An ancient canal that passed under the site, as well as the construction of subway tunnels down Lexington Avenue, made it impossible to lay a sufficient foundation. On October 22, 1916 the construction of the present incarnation of St. Vincent was completed, at a cost of $1.5 million ($ in contemporary dollars). It was dedicated on May 5, 1918, when over 50,000 people attended.
In 1930 the Holy Name Society building was constructed. It was one of architect Wilfrid Anthony Edwards' many designs for the Catholic Church, and considered one of his best overall. the oaken High Pulpit was installed in the sanctuary. Its 14th-century French Gothic detailings were consistent with the church's architecture.
The school building quickly outgrew its intended design, and a new one was built over it in 1948. Architects Elliott Chisling-Ferenz & Taylor designed a building with sympathetic Gothic motifs that help it blend into the older buildings. Following Vatican II in the 1960s, the Dominicans replaced their rite with the standard Roman Rite Mass of Paul VI. The oaken High Pulpit was moved to the rear of the sanctuary. It is still reserved for the Blessed Sacrament.
During the late 1960s and 1970s Andy Warhol, a devout Byzantine Catholic who lived nearby, attended Mass regularly at St. Vincent Ferrer. Father Sam Matarazzo, the priest at the time, remembers him sitting quietly in the back of the church, taking neither communion nor confession. He speculated that Warhol, one of many gay men who attended services at St. Vincent Ferrer despite Matarazzo's regular preaching of Catholic doctrine opposing homosexuality, was perhaps afraid of being recognized. Warhol himself said he was self-conscious about being seen crossing himself "the Orthodox way."
Later in the 20th century contributions from William E. Simon and an anonymous donor allowed the church to purchase the newer of its two Schantz pipe organs. In the early 2000s a capital campaign allowed the church to install new heating and cooling systems, and restore its exterior. That latter project was complete in 2009.
The funeral of Geraldine Ferraro was held at the church on March 31, 2011.
Programs and services.
The church celebrates Mass three times a day and four times on Sunday. Vigils are observed on Saturday nights and the evenings before Holy Days of Obligation. The Sacrament of Reconciliation (confession) is offered all evenings except Sunday. The Liturgy of the Hours observed by the Dominican friars daily in the Friars' Chapel is open to the public.
Outside the church, the congregation's Social Concerns Committee coordinates involvement in charitable work in the area. Members host holiday parties and bingo games at the Women's Shelter in the neighboring Park Avenue Armory, staff the Yorkville Common Pantry and assist members of nearby Jan Hus Presbyterian Church in feeding the homeless on Tuesday nights. The congregation is also a member organization of East Congregations for Housing Justice, which advocates for affordable housing in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="9744782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744782" title="Henry Alex Rubin">
Henry Alex Rubin

Henry-Alex Rubin is an American filmmaker.
Life and career.
Henry Alex Rubin studied film at Phillips Academy, Andover and Columbia University.
The son of a French mother and noted art historian James H. Rubin, he spent his life between Europe and the United States. 
Rubin directed the film "Who is Henry Jaglom?" (PBS, First Run Features, w/ Candice Bergen, Dennis Hopper) produced (Palm Pictures, w/ Mos Def, The Roots, Biggie), which won Best Documentary at the Woodstock, LAIFF and Urbanworld Film Festivals. 
Rubin was mentored by James Mangold ("Walk the Line") directing the Second Unit on several films including "Cop Land" and "Girl, Interrupted". He co-directed "Murderball" (Thinkfilm, MTV Films) with Dana Adam Shapiro. "Murderball" won the Audience Award at the Sundance Film Festival and was nominated for a Best Documentary Academy Award.
Rubin directs commercials for Smuggler (production company), shooting campaigns for brands such as Adidas, Volvo, Samsung, AT&T and Coca Cola. Rubin directed several landmark campaigns including "Whopper Freakout" for Burger King and "Pizza Turnaround" for Dominos and was named one of the top 5 most award-winning commercial directors in the world with 22 Cannes Lions and 5 Clios in the past four years.
He directed the feature film, "Disconnect". Starring Alexander Skarsgard and Jason Bateman, the drama premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival and the Venice International Film Festival in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9744803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744803" title="Max Schlemmer">
Max Schlemmer

Maximilian "Max" Schlemmer (1856–1935) was called the "King of Laysan" and superintendent of a guano mining operation on the Hawaiian island of Laysan, where he lived from 1894 to 1915. Much of the desecration of Laysan and species extinction (such as the extinction of the Laysan Rail and Laysan Millerbird) at the turn of the 20th century was a result of his disastrous ecological mismanagement. 
Early years.
Schlemmer was born in Germany and immigrated to the United States in 1871 when he was fifteen. In 1885, he moved to Hawaii and worked in sugar plantations on various islands until he was hired to oversee a Japanese guano mining labor force on Laysan in 1894. In 1895, he brought his new sixteen year-old wife, Therese, to Laysan and subsequently had five children with her, in addition to the three from his previous marriage.
"King of Laysan".
Schlemmer was made superintendent of the guano operation in 1896. Soon after, he left to open a bar and boardinghouse on Kauai during which time a Japanese miner was murdered during a dispute between American and Japanese workers. In the ensuing court case, the existing superintendent was removed and Max returned to Laysan again. The North Pacific Phosphate and Fertilizer Company sold their mining rights to Schlemmer, and he in turn sold them to a Genkichi Yamanouchi of Tokyo, allowing him to export anything from Laysan. Yamanouchi used this permission to export not guano, which had been mostly depleted, but bird feathers.
With the creation of the bird reservation in 1909, however, these activities became illegal, and Schlemmer was removed from the island. The rabbits that he had previously let loose now became uncontrolled and ravaged the island for food. The US Biological Survey sent a crew to exterminate them in 1913, but ran out of ammunition after 5,000 were killed, leaving a substantial number still alive. Max couldn't live away from Laysan, and in 1915 the government allowed him to return while denying his request to become a federal game warden. With nothing to eat on the bare island, Schlemmer's family nearly starved before they were rescued by the USS "Nereus". With World War I having broken out and the subsequent ameri-German paranoia it cause in full effect, Schlemmer found himself falsely accused of being a German spy using Laysan as his headquarters.
Repercussions of the rabbit outbreak.
Not all of the animals on Laysan were hardy enough to survive the following few years, during which time Laysan degenerated into a veritable desert devoid of vegetation. Many species became extinct in the early 1920s, including the Laysan Rail (which survived on other islands afterwards but soon became extinct there as well), the Laysan Millerbird, and the Laysan Fan Palm. The Laysan Finch was able to survive by scavenging other dead birds, and the Laysan Duck survived because its diet of brine flies was unharmed.

</doc>
<doc id="9744855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744855" title="Sentimentalist Magazine">
Sentimentalist Magazine

Sentimentalist Magazine is an American magazine of indie rock music and culture, published quarterly.
Launched in New York City in 2001 as The Sentimentalist, it changed its title to "The Sentimentalist Magazine" with Issue 14, and then dropped the definite article from Issue 16. As of January 2008, the magazine has been relaunched as an online only publication. It continues to publish "magazine covers" with each monthly online issue. 
"Sentimentalist Magazine" was started as an indie music and culture print magazine to scratch deep beneath the surface and seek out the best in emerging music, culture and media entertainment. Voted as PLUG Awards nominee in the Media (obsessive) category "Zine of the Year" in 2007 and again in 2008, subjects range from undiscovered bands and talent to the brightest and best. As of Jan. 2008, "Sentimentalist Magazine" was relaunched as an online-only magazine, giving its readers an expanded, constantly updated version of the original magazine, in a fresh web format. "Sentimentalist Magazine" continues to be a compelling option to the more corporate music magazines, blogs and sites in the market, constantly discovering and investigating the freshest new bands and entertainment.
This online music/culture magazine specializes in providing reviews and interviews of emerging bands right alongside well-known acts. The magazine's mission is to give indie bands from around the world the exposure they might not have otherwise encountered. "Sentimentalist Magazine"s editors are Madeline Virbasius-Walsh, Chris David and Carrie Alison.

</doc>
<doc id="9744858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744858" title="Coupe de Guyane">
Coupe de Guyane

The Coupe de Guyane is the top knockout tournament of the French Guyana football.

</doc>
<doc id="9744876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744876" title="La Shawn K. Ford">
La Shawn K. Ford

La Shawn K. Ford is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 8th District since 2007. After earning a B.S. in Education from Loyola University Chicago, he taught history and coached basketball in the Chicago Public School system. He is currently a real estate entrepreneur, founder of Ford Desired Real Estate. 
On November 29, 2012, Ford was indicted on charges of bank fraud alleging he provided misleading evidence to obtain a $500,000 extension on a line of credit. The charges state he used the money for personal expenses rather than rehabilitating an owned property, as stated in the loan documentation. 
Campaign contributions.
In the past decade, Representative Ford has received $16,350 in campaign contributions from labor unions. This sum includes:

</doc>
<doc id="9744898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744898" title="Louis Bouyer">
Louis Bouyer

Louis Bouyer (17 February 1913 – 22 October 2004) was a French Lutheran minister who converted to Catholicism in 1939. During his religious career he was a scholar who was relied upon during the Second Vatican Council. 
He was known for his books on Christian spirituality and its history. Along with Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger and others, he was a co-founder of the international review "Communio". He was chosen by the pope to be part of a team to initiate the International Theological Commission in 1969.
Biography.
Born into a Protestant family in Paris, Louis Bouyer, after a receiving a degree from the Sorbonne, studied theology with the Protestant faculties of Paris and then Strasbourg. He was ordained a Lutheran minister in 1936 and served as vicar of the Lutheran parish of the Trinity in Paris until World War II. In 1939, the study of the christology and ecclesiology of St. Athanasius of Alexandria led Bouyer to the Catholic Church.
Received into the Catholic Church in the Abbey of Saint-Wandrille (Seine-Maritime) in 1944, he entered the congregation of the priests of the Oratory, and remained with them the rest of his life. He was a professor at the Catholic Institute of Paris until 1963 and then taught in England, Spain, and the United States. In 1969 he wrote the book "The Decomposition of Catholicism," which presented what he saw as the liturgical and dogmatic problems in the Church.
Twice appointed by the pope to the International Theological Commission, he was a consultant at the Second Vatican Council for the liturgy, the Congregation of Sacred Rites and Secretariat for Christian Unity. In 1999 he received the Cardinal-Grente prize of the French Academy for all his work. He died 22 October 2004 in Paris, a victim for many years of Alzheimer's. He was buried in the cemetery of the Abbey of Saint-Wandrille.

</doc>
<doc id="9744933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744933" title="Jurgis Karnavičius (composer)">
Jurgis Karnavičius (composer)

Jurgis Karnavičius (23 April 1884 – 22 December 1941) was a Lithuanian composer of classical music and a forerunner of the development of Lithuanian operatic works.
Karnavičius' son, also named Jurgis Karnavičius (1912–2001), was a pianist and the long-time rector of the Lithuanian Academy of Music. His grandson, Jurgis Karnavičius (born 1957), is a concert pianist.
Biography.
Karnavičius was born in Kaunas, Lithuania, which at the time was a part of the Russian Empire. After completing his basic education in his homeland, he began the study of Law in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Music had always been his first love, and he began to simultaneously study music theory and composition, and this passion soon superseded his pursuit of a career in the legal profession. His primary instrument was the viola. Eventually he became a professor at the Conservatory of Music in the now renamed city of Leningrad. During this period he began experimenting with his own theories of musical composition and began writing his own works.
In 1927, Karnavičius returned to Lithuania, which had only regained its independence as a sovereign nation less than ten years earlier. In addition to teaching at the Conservatory of Music in Kaunas, he opted to play the viola with the orchestra of the State Opera for a number of years. Having a personal desire write a new opera himself, and under the influence of the renewed national pride released by Lithuania's regaining its independence, Karnavičius began to write his first opera, "Gražina", which premiered on February 16, 1933. It had incorporated more than forty melodies borrowed from Lithuanian folk songs, and was a popularly acclaimed success. It is considered among the first of the "Lithuanian National Operas." This was followed in 1937 by the opera "Radvila Perkūnas", which was about the Lithuanian nobleman, Krzysztof Mikołaj Radziwiłł.

</doc>
<doc id="9744967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744967" title="Tourtellotte Memorial High School">
Tourtellotte Memorial High School

Tourtellotte Memorial High School, located in North Grosvenordale, Connecticut, a village within the town of Thompson, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="9744971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744971" title="List of colonial Governors and Presidents of Madras">
List of colonial Governors and Presidents of Madras

This is a list of the Governors, Agents, and Presidents of colonial Madras, initially of the English East India Company, up to the end of British colonial rule in 1947.
English Agents.
In 1639, the grant of Madras to the English was finalized between the factors of the Masulipatnam factory, represented by Francis Day, and the Raja of Chandragiri. In 1640, Andrew Cogan, the chief of the Masulipatnam factory, made his way to Madras in the company of Francis Day and the English and Indian employees of the Masulipatnam factory. The Agency of Madras was established on 1 March 1640 and Cogan was made the first Agent. The official title was 'Governor of Fort St George' and the Governor was usually referred to as Agent. Cogan served in the post for three years and was succeeded by Francis Day. After four agents had served their terms, Madras was upgraded to a Presidency during the time of Aaron Baker. However financial considerations forced the Company to revert to an agency soon after Aaron Baker had served his term. The Agency survived until 1684 when Madras was made a Presidency once and for all. Streynsham Master is the best remembered and most renowned of the Agents of Madras.
Presidents.
Madras was elevated to a Presidency in 1684 and remained so until 12 February 1785 when new rules and regulations brought by the Pitt's India Act reformed the administration of the East India Company with the exception of a three-year period of French rule from 1746 to 1749 when Madras was a governorship. 
Subsequently, Elihu Yale who took charge on 8 August 1684 was the First President of Madras. Elihu Yale, Thomas Pitt and George Macartney are some of the well-known Presidents of Madras.
Governors of the French East India Company.
In 1746, Dupleix's deputy, La Bordannais laid siege to Madras and captured the city. For the next three years, Madras remained under French Governors, until 1749, when Madras was handed to the British as per the Treaty of Aix-la-Chappele. The illustrious Mahe de la Bordannais served as acting Governor for a few months until the appointment of Governor Jean-Jacques Duval d'Eprémesnil, who served until 1749 when Madras reverted to British rule.
Presidents of the British East India Company.
During the period between 1746 and 1749, when Madras was under French rule, the British ran a provisional government from Fort David, near modern-day Porto Novo. In 1752, when Madras had been returned to the British, the then President of Madras, John Saunders, shifted the seat of government from Fort David to Madras. The British gained a lot of territory during the mid-18th century, so that by the time the French military power was crushed at the Battle of Wandiwash in 1761, the territory under the Presidency of Madras had increased manifold. In 1785, the Province of Madras was created and the President became the Governor of Madras. 

</doc>
<doc id="9744999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9744999" title="Terry Ryan (writer)">
Terry Ryan (writer)

Terry "Tuff" Ryan (July 14, 1946 – May 16, 2007)
was an American writer, originally from Defiance, Ohio, who resided in San Francisco for most of her adult life. She was best known for her memoir "The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio", published in 2001, and released as a film, with the same title, in 2005.
She was born to Leo (nicknamed Kelly) and Evelyn Ryan, and was the sixth of ten children. "The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio" was a memoir of her life and that of her family, especially her mother, a 1950s housewife with 10 children who provided for the family by winning contests. The book was optioned by DreamWorks SKG and released as a theatrical film in November 2005. It starred Julianne Moore as Evelyn Ryan and Woody Harrelson as Kelly Ryan. Jane Anderson was director and screenwriter. Terry Ryan was a consultant on the film. 
With artist Sylvia Mollick, Ryan was also the co- creator of the long-running cartoon "T.O. Sylvester" in the "San Francisco Chronicle". She was married to her long-time partner, Pat Holt, by San Francisco's then-Mayor, Gavin Newsom on St Valentine's Day 2004. Her account of her wedding, titled "We Do!", was published by Chronicle Books.
She graduated from Bowling Green State University.
In 2004, after the movie "The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio" was filmed, Terry discovered that she had Stage IV lung cancer that had metastasized to her brain. On May 16, 2007, Terry died of cancer at her San Francisco, California home. 

</doc>
<doc id="9745000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745000" title="Live! at the Village Vanguard">
Live! at the Village Vanguard

Live at the Village Vanguard is the tenth album by jazz musician John Coltrane and his first live album, released in 1962 on Impulse Records, catalogue A-10. It is the first album to feature the members of the classic quartet of himself with McCoy Tyner, Jimmy Garrison, and Elvin Jones. In contrast to his previous album for Impulse!, this one generated much turmoil among both critics and audience alike with its challenging music.
Background.
In 1961, Coltrane created controversy both with the hiring of Eric Dolphy and with the kind of music his band was playing. In reaction to the Quintet's residency at the Village Vanguard in New York City starting in late October 1961, "Down Beat" critic John Tynan described the group as "musical nonsense being peddled in the name of jazz" and "a horrifying demonstration of what appears to be a growing anti-jazz trend." European critics and audiences also had difficulty with appearances earlier in the year, finding the group's music, especially that of Coltrane and Dolphy, puzzling and difficult to follow. "Down Beat" magazine editor Don DeMichael took the step of inviting the pair to defend themselves, a piece appearing in the April 12, 1962 issue entitled "John Coltrane and Eric Dolphy Answer the Critics".
It was the idea of new producer Bob Thiele to record Coltrane live over four nights in early November, Thiele meeting the saxophonist for the first time face-to-face at the club. This commenced a close working relationship between Thiele and Coltrane that would last for the rest of his time at Impulse, Thiele producing virtually every subsequent album. Thiele secured Coltrane's trust right away by not insisting he record his most popular song, "My Favorite Things", during these shows. Sound engineer Rudy Van Gelder set up his equipment at a table by the stage, and for these concerts Coltrane would often enhance the Quintet by adding tampura, contrabassoon, oboe, or a second bass.
Music.
Three performances were chosen for the album, one a pop standard and a second entitled "Spiritual", possibly an adaptation of "Nobody Knows de Trouble I See" published in "The Book of American Negro Spirituals" by James Weldon Johnson. The third selection, the blues "Chasin' the Trane", has been described as one of the most important recordings in jazz for its seeming ability to unify the approaches of free jazz, jamming, and neoclassicism. As to its genesis, in a 1966 interview Coltrane recalled that he had "listened to John Gilmore kind of closely before I made 'Chasin the Trane'." 
The performances are quintet for "Spiritual", quartet for "Softly, as in a Morning Sunrise", and trio for "Chasin' the Trane", This would be Reggie Workman's final recordings with the group, as by December 1961 Garrison was announced as his replacement, stabilizing a line-up, which would remain constant for the next four years.
Reception.
Pursuant to the article by Coltrane and Dolphy, for the following April 26 issue "Down Beat" presented two reviews of "Live! at the Village Vanguard", both focusing on "Chasin' the Trane". Pete Welding described it as "a torrential and anguished outpouring, delivered with unmistakable power, conviction, and near-demonic ferocity." On the other hand, the man who had coined the phrase "sheets of sound" Ira Gitler stated that "Coltrane may be searching for new avenues of expression, but if it is going to take this form of yawps, squawks, and countless repetitive runs, then it should be confined to the woodshed."
Two additional recordings taken from these shows appeared on the album "Impressions", "Impressions" and "India". On September 23, 1997, Impulse! issued a box set "The Complete 1961 Village Vanguard Recordings", with the sets from all four nights chronologically on four compact discs.

</doc>
<doc id="9745012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745012" title="Sieben Tage Sonnenschein">
Sieben Tage Sonnenschein

Sieben Tage Sonnenschein ("Seven Days of Sunshine") is the twentieth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. The single "Sieben Tage" was a huge success, and the album went gold in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="9745013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745013" title="Vijayta Pandit">
Vijayta Pandit

Vijayta Pandit is an actress and playback singer, most famous for her first film "Love Story" (1981).
Early life and background.
Vijayta comes from a musical family originating from Pili Mandori Village in Hissar district of Haryana state. Pandit Jasraj is her uncle. Her older sister is Sulakshana Pandit, and like her, is an actress and playback singer. Her brothers are music directors Jatin Pandit and Lalit Pandit, better known as Jatin-Lalit.
Career.
Rajendra Kumar cast her alongside with his son Kumar Gaurav in "Love Story" (1981), which became a "blockbuster" at the box office. She and Gaurav played star-crossed lovers, and they also developed a relationship off-screen. After the film became a hit, she turned down film offers wanting to be with Gaurav. But the relationship ended, due to family tensions. Vijayta went back to films and had another hit "Mohabbat" (1985).
She was also briefly married to film director Sameer Malkan who directed her in the flop "Car Thief" (1986). After a few more films, she quit acting and concentrated on playback singing. Her husband, composer Aadesh Shrivastava has produced a pop album titled "Propose - Pyaar ka Izhaar" which marks Vijayta's debut as a pop singer. Actress Madhuri Dixit launched the album for the press in February 2007.
Some films wherein Vijayta played the lead are "Jeete Hain Shaan Se" (1986), "Deewana Tere Naam Ka" (1987), "Zalzala" (1988), "Pyar Ka Toofan" (1990). She also sang for films like "Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar" (1992), "Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa" (1993), "Saazish" (1998), "Dev" (2004) and "Chingari" (2005).
Apart from Hindi films, she has also starred in the blockbuster Bengali film "Amar Sangi" (1987) along with Prasenjit directed by Sujit Guha.
Her sister Sandhya Singh's remains were found recently. She is suspected to have been killed for her gold jewelry that she went to deposit to a Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="9745017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745017" title="Fort Defiance (British Columbia)">
Fort Defiance (British Columbia)

Fort Defiance was a small outpost built by the crew of the "Columbia Rediviva" for use as winter quarters during 1791-1792 on Meares Island in present-day British Columbia, Canada. They were under the command of American merchant and maritime fur trader Captain Robert Gray. 
History.
In early August 1791, John Kendrick had arrived in Clayoquot Sound and bought land from Wickaninnish in exchange for firearms. The land was near the native village of Opitsaht. By the time Gray arrived on the "Columbia Redivia" in late August for trading, Kendrick had fortified a small island and given it the name Fort Washington. Kendrick soon left for China, while Gray remained for the winter. For most of the winter relations with Wickaninnish and his people were good. On Christmas Day Wickaninnish and a number of other chiefs dined aboard the "Columbia", and on New Year's Day, the Americans were entertained onshore by the natives.
Construction.
The men of the "Columbia" began building their winter quarters on September 21, 1791. They completed the main building by September 30. This structure measured long by wide and was two stories tall. Fort Defiance also had a brick fireplace, as the traders had brought with them 5,470 bricks from Boston. The main building had two cannons mounted and musket loop holes for defending against native attacks. Additionally, other buildings constructed included a blacksmith shop, two sawpits for cutting logs, cabins, and a boat builder's shed. Once the fort was complete, four cannons, 40 muskets, and various other weapons were transferred from the "Columbia;" Robert Haswell was placed in charge of the base and ten men. At this point, the crew at Fort Defiance began construction of the ship "Adventure", which skeleton had been brought aboard the "Columbia".
Use.
On October 3 the keel was laid for the ship. Over the winter the ship slowly began to take shape. On February 23, 1792, the ship was launched, making it the first American-built vessel in the Pacific Northwest. Once the ship sailed in March, the Americans abandoned their fort. Gray did not want to leave anything of value for the natives and had Haswell remove everything usable.
Destruction of Opitsaht.
During the winter, Gray and his men had foiled an attack conceived by the Tla-o-qui-aht people and a Sandwich Islander of his own crew. In retaliation, as his forces were leaving the area, Gray ordered the destruction of 200 homes in the local village of "Opitsitah" (Opitsaht). The keeper of his ship's log noted that Gray had let his passions go too far.
Location.
The crew built these winter quarters on Disappointment Inlet (now called Lemmens Inlet) on Meares Island, which is in Clayoquot Sound just north of Tofino. At the inlet, Fort Defiance was on the eastern side where the geography could provide natural defenses against attacks. Gray named the place Adventure Cove. Researchers identified the site of the former post in 1966 and the name was officially adopted by British Columbia in 1975. At the same time the little island in the cove, which Kendrick had fortified, was named Columbia Islet. Fort Defiance was on the mainland of Meares Island. Today it is a protected archaeological site.

</doc>
<doc id="9745018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745018" title="Missa Latina">
Missa Latina

Missa Latina is a classical music composition written by the Puerto Rican composer Roberto Sierra. The work was written for SATB chorus with two soloists (one baritone and one soprano), and a symphonic orchestra. It was co-commissioned by the National Symphony Orchestra and The Choral Arts Society of Washington and was written through 2003–2005. It premiered in 2006 at Kennedy Center in Washington D.C., and was also performed in the 51st Casals Festival in Puerto Rico. The "Washington Times" judged it "the most significant symphonic premiere in the District since the late Benjamin Britten's stunning War Requiem was first performed in the still-unfinished Washington National Cathedral in the late 1960s."[http://www.robertosierra.com/Reviews.pdf]
The "Missa Latina", "Pro Pace" (English: "For Peace"), has seven movements:
Performances.
The work was recorded for commercial CD release on the Naxos label by the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra and Chorus in October 2008.
In 2009 Missa Latina was nominated for a GRAMMY for best contemporary composition.

</doc>
<doc id="9745036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745036" title="String Lake">
String Lake

String Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The natural lake is located at the outflow of Leigh Lake. A small wetland area is on the northwest side of the lake and is prime moose habitat. A short half mile (.8 km) long creek connects String Lake to Jenny Lake to the south. The lake can easily be accessed by vehicle and a number of trails commence from the String Lake trailhead parking area. 

</doc>
<doc id="9745082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745082" title="Chandre Oram">
Chandre Oram

Chandre Oram is an Indian tea estate worker who lives in Alipurduar district of Jalpaiguri, West Bengal. He is famous for having a 33 cm (13 inch) long tail, which has made him an object of devotion to many, who believe him to be an incarnation of Hanuman.
Object of devotion.
Oram was born on the date known as Rama Navami, which is the birthday of legendary Hindu King Rama who is considered to be an incarnation of God. According to the Ramayana, Hanuman was devoted to Rama, and helped him rescue his wife, Sita, who was being held captive by an evil king.
As a consequence of his apparent resemblance to Hanuman, Oram has been visited by large numbers of people who wish to receive his blessings. Some of his followers also report miraculous healings of severe ailments after touching his tail. Oram claims to enjoy other aspects of monkey-like behaviour, including jumping, climbing, and eating bananas.
Oram has set up a shrine to honour Hanuman, on top of which there is a red silk flag, which is Hanuman's symbol.
Clinical explanation.
According to physicians, the tail Oram has is not a real tail, but a congenital malformation known as spina bifida, in this case of the rare meningocele category. It is possible for human embryos to develop a real tail, as the genes which cause it still exist in many people. However, the probability of this gene expressing is very low: it can happen because of rare recessive gene coupling, or some form of mutation that brings the gene back to a dominant place. That is why very few cases have been recorded in the history of medicine. The presence of these kind of vestigial structures is known as an atavism. When a human embryo develops a true tail, it is located as a prolongation of the coccyx, just like the tail of a dog or a monkey.
Oram's tail emerges from his lumbar region, which is a clear sign that it is caused by split spine. The tail consists of a 33 cm (13 inches) long and 25 mm (1 inch) thick appendix to the bone of the spine. It is covered by lots of hair.
Social issues.
Oram has refused any operation to remove his tail. According to his family, it has become a part of him which he could not live without. However, this also has its costs, as he has been unable to settle down and raise a family of his own. He has reported that approximately twenty women have rejected offers of marriage because of his tail. He has said: "I have decided to marry the woman who accepts me and my tail. Or else, I'll remain a bachelor like Hanuman."
Oram was married in 2007 and has a child. According to his wife, "He doesn't look good. My mother and my father passed away when I was young. My brothers wanted me to get married, so I had to compromise and marry him."

</doc>
<doc id="9745090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745090" title="Duke Ellington &amp; John Coltrane">
Duke Ellington &amp; John Coltrane

Duke Ellington & John Coltrane is a jazz album by Duke Ellington and John Coltrane recorded on September 26, 1962, and released in February 1963 on Impulse! Records.
For Ellington, it was one of many collaborations with fellow jazz-greats in the early 1960s, including Count Basie, Louis Armstrong, Coleman Hawkins, Max Roach, and Charles Mingus, and placed him in a jazz quartet setting (in this case, saxophone, piano, bass, and drums), rather than his usual one in a big band.
For Coltrane, it was an opportunity to work with one of jazz's all-time greats. It was one of several albums he recorded in the early 1960s in a more conservative and accessible style, including "John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman" and "Ballads". Despite their differences in background, style, and age – Ellington was 63 and Coltrane 36 when the tracks were recorded – it has been said that the two interacted seamlessly and subtly, neither one outshining the other.
The quartet was filled out by the bassist and drummer from either of their bands. The album featured Ellington standards (e.g., "In a Sentimental Mood"), new Ellington compositions, and a new Coltrane composition ("Big Nick").
Coltrane said:I was really honoured to have the opportunity of working with Duke. It was a wonderful experience. He has set standards I haven't caught up with yet. I would have liked to have worked over all those numbers again, but then I guess the performances wouldn't have had the same spontaneity. And they mightn't have been any better!

</doc>
<doc id="9745098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745098" title="1st Grey Cup">
1st Grey Cup

The 1st Grey Cup game was played on December 4, 1909, between the University of Toronto Varsity Blues and the Toronto Parkdale Canoe Club. The University of Toronto won the game, 26-6.
Game summary.
U. of Toronto Varsity Blues (26) - TDs, Hugh Gall, Murray Thomson, Smirle Lawson; cons., Bill Ritchie; singles, Gall (8), Lawson (2).
Toronto Parkdale Canoe Club (6) - TD, Tom Meighan; single, Percy Killaly.

</doc>
<doc id="9745117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745117" title="Clare Bell">
Clare Bell

Clare Bell (born 1952) is an author in the U.S. best known for her Ratha series of young adult fantasy novels about prehistoric big cats. These books, also called the "Named series", are about intelligent self-aware large cats who have puma, cheetah and lion characteristics, and are based on fossil creatures who are ancestors of the saber-tooth cat.
The first book in the series, "Ratha's Creature" appeared in 1983. The flap copy on the paperback re-issue of "Clan Ground" (the second book in the series which appeared in 1984) states that Bell:
Readers who followed Erin Hunter's "Warriors" series about feral cats have gone on to read the Ratha series.
Bell's love for big cats is also expressed in "Tomorrow's Sphinx" (about cheetahs in past and future Egypt) and "The Jaguar Princess" (a werecat (jaguar) woman in Aztec Mexico). Bell is also fascinated with flight, writing "People of the Sky" about Pueblo Indians who migrate from Earth to another planet and learn to ride winged aliens. Bell's short stories have appeared in the Witch World and CatFantastic (cats and magic) anthologies, both edited by science fiction and fantasy writer, Andre Norton.
Recently Bell composed "Ratha's Island", an experimental novelette written specifically for the Twitter microblogging service, which intentionally limits posts to 140 characters or less so that they can be read on cellphones and other portable wireless devices. Ratha's Island is an early entry into the area of Y/A Twitter fiction and has been well received. It is similar to the phenomenon of cellphone novels which are popular in Japan . The piece ran on Twitter beginning on March 14, 2009 and ending on May 9, with blocks of 5-10 Tweets, appearing twice daily during that time. Ratha's Island also explored the possibilities of alternative evolution in hexapodal (six-legged) as opposed to quadrepedal (four-legged) prehistoric mammals that evolved on an isolated island.
Biography.
Clare Bell was born in 1952 in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, England and moved with her family to the United States in 1957. While growing up in Palo Alto, California, she became fascinated by prehistoric mammals and pored over Charles R. Knight's paintings in books on paleontology. After attending the University of California, Santa Cruz she used her training in biology and chemistry by working as a hydrological and geological field technician for the US Geological Survey, serving on the USGS research vessel Polaris, based in Redwood City, California. Returning to college under the "Women in Engineering Program" at the University of California, Davis, she then joined IBM in San Jose, California as an electrical engineer.
Inspired since childhood by Olaf Stapledon's novel "Sirius: A Tale of Love and Discord", about a sheep dog with human-level intelligence, she began writing "Ratha's Creature", the first novel of the "Named series". Published in 1983 by Margaret K. McElderry Books, this first novel won the International Reading Association's Children's Book Award and the PEN USA Literary Award for that year. "Ratha's Creature" was also adapted for television animation and aired as a "CBS Storybreak" episode in the late 1980s.
Leaving IBM in 1990 to begin a full-time writing career, Bell also became interested in electric vehicles. After converting a VW beetle to electric with a conversion kit, she began building, racing, repairing, designing, and racing electric cars. From 1992 to 1999 also became the editor of the Electric Auto Association's (a nationwide US electric car club) monthly newsletter, Current Events. As part of the Women's Electric Racing Team, she competed in the Arizona Public Service utility company's APS Solar and Electric 500 and APS Electrics electric vehicle races, held in Phoenix, Arizona from 1993 to 1997.
She also turned her electric vehicle experience into a profession, working as an electric vehicle engineer for CALSTART and private companies until 2003.
Bell found to her surprise that books written nearly twenty years ago still had fans and had been kept alive on the Internet. The first four Ratha titles were reissued as Firebird paperbacks in Summer and Fall 2007, and a new book, "Ratha's Courage," was published by Imaginator Press in October, 2008. January 2013 saw the launch of a kickstarter project to create a graphic novel e-book of the first Ratha title.
Bell and her husband live in the hills west of Patterson, California, where they have built their own solar, wind and hydroelectric systems.

</doc>
<doc id="9745145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745145" title="Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis">
Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis

The Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis, formerly known as the Episcopal Diocese of Indiana, is a diocese in Province V (for the Midwest region) of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America. It encompasses the southern two-thirds of the state of Indiana. Its see is in Indianapolis, Indiana at Christ Church Cathedral. According to the diocesan newsletter, the diocese has 10,137 communicants in 49 parishes. The current bishop of the diocese is the Rt. Rev. Catherine Maples Waynick, one of the few female Anglican bishops in the world.
History.
Like many Midwestern dioceses, the history of the Diocese of Indianapolis begins with the consecration of the Rt. Rev. Jackson Kemper as Missionary Bishop of the Northwest in 1835. At the time, Indiana was a wilderness and the first Anglican meetings were often held in remote Methodist and Presbyterian churches, as well as courthouses, stores, schoolhouses and private homes. Bishop Kemper founded several Indiana churches, the oldest one still standing being Saint John's Church, Crawfordsville.
The Episcopal Diocese of Indiana was formed in 1849 with the consecration of the Rt. Rev. George Upfold as bishop of Indiana. The first cathedral was Saint John's Church, Lafayette, because it was the only parish with a parsonage at the time. However, Bishop Upfold moved the episcopal residence to Indianapolis after only a few years, and Saint Paul's Church, Grace Church, and All Saints' Church would variously serve as the cathedral before it was moved to the present Christ Church. In 1898 the Episcopal Diocese of Indiana was divided into the Episcopal Diocese of Indianapolis covering the southern two-thirds of the state, and the Episcopal Diocese of Northern Indiana covering the northern one-third.
Bishops of the diocese.
The bishops of the diocese in order are:

</doc>
<doc id="9745146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745146" title="Scott Robinson (jazz musician)">
Scott Robinson (jazz musician)

Scott Robinson (born April 27, 1959 in New Jersey) is an American jazz musician. Robinson is best known for his work with various styles of saxophone, but has also performed with the clarinet, flute, trumpet, and sarrusophone, along with other, more obscure instruments.
Musical career.
The son of a piano teacher and an editor for the magazine National Geographic, Robinson graduated from the Berklee College of Music in 1981. The next year, he joined the college's staff, becoming its youngest faculty member.
Robinson has appeared on more than 200 LP and CD releases, including eleven under his leadership, with musicians such as Lionel Hampton, Anthony Braxton, John Scofield, Joe Lovano, Ella Fitzgerald, Paquito D'Rivera, Sting, Maria Schneider, Elton John, Buck Clayton, and the New York City Opera. Two of these recordings won a Grammy Award. He has also received four fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts.
In 2000, the U.S. State Department named Robinson a "Jazz Ambassador" for the year 2001, funding a tour of West Africa in which Robinson played the early works of Louis Armstrong. Material from these appearances was subsequently released on the album "Jazz Ambassador: Scott Robinson Plays the Compositions of Louis Armstrong" by Arbors Records.
Throughout his career, Robinson has worked to keep unusual and obscure instruments in the public view. For example, he has recorded an album featuring the C-melody saxophone and performs with the ophicleide. He also owns and records with a vintage contrabass saxophone, so rare that fewer than twenty in playable condition are known to exist.
Robinson is a resident of Teaneck, New Jersey. He is married to Sharon Robinson.
Since 2009, he has operated his own record label, ScienSonic Laboratories, whose releases include three of his most recent recordings, including the 2012 Scott Robinson Doctette release Bronze Nemesis, on the ScienSonic sub-imprint Doc-tone.
Select discography.
As bandleader/co-leader
With Randy Sandke
"'With John Sheridan

</doc>
<doc id="9745156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745156" title="List of MPs elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1965">
List of MPs elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1965

This is a list of Members of Parliament elected in the Northern Ireland general election, 1965.
All members of the Northern Ireland House of Commons elected at the Northern Ireland general election, 1965 are listed.

</doc>
<doc id="9745161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745161" title="Coltrane (1962 album)">
Coltrane (1962 album)

Coltrane is a 1962 studio album by jazz saxophonist John Coltrane. When reissued on CD, it featured a Coltrane composition dedicated to his hero "Big Nick" Nicholas which Coltrane would record later the same year with his Ellington collaboration "Duke Ellington & John Coltrane".
Critical reception.
Allmusic's Michael G. Nastos gave the album four-and-a-half out of five stars and called it "a most focused effort, a relatively popular session to both his fans or latecomers, with five selections that are brilliantly conceived and rendered." He found Coltrane "simply masterful" on tenor saxophone with a "fully formed instrumental voice" that "shine through in the most illuminating manner", and wrote of the album's standing in his catalog:
Francis Davis of "The Village Voice" felt that, apart from the "modal, three-quarter time novelty hit" "The Inch Worm", consumers should buy the album for "the gorgeous 'Soul Eyes' and a shattering 'Out of This World'".
Track listing.
Original LP.
Bonus tracks on 1997 CD reissue (IMPD-215):
"Tracks 1-2 recorded on June 19, 1962; #3, 6 on April 11; #4 on June 29; #5 on June 20; #7 on September 18, 1962. Bonus track "Not Yet" recorded on June 20 of the same year."
2002 deluxe edition.
Disc One
Disc Two

</doc>
<doc id="9745167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745167" title="First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Korea">
First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Korea

First Secretary of the Workers' Party of Korea is the title given to the leader of the Workers' Party of Korea.
From 1946 to 1966, the party′s leader was called Chairman of the Central Committee. Since 1966, the year the 2nd Party Conference reformed the structure of the Party, the Central Committee, usually at its first plenum after a party congress, elected a leader called the General Secretary of the Central Committee; the post was held by Kim Il-sung from 1966 to 1994, the year of his demise. Although the Party Rules stipulated that the party leader was to be elected by the Central Committee, Kim Jong-il was proclaimed General Secretary of the Party ("not" "of the "Central Committee"") by a joint notice of the Central Committee and Central Military Commission on 8 October 1997 following resolutions proposing Kim Jong-il's election adopted by the provincial Party organizations; he was then re-elected directly by the 3rd Party Conference in September 2010.
The 2012 Party Conference "decided to hold Kim Jong Il … in high esteem as eternal general secretary of the WPK …" and therefore elected the new leader Kim Jong-un First Secretary of the WPK (again "not" "of the "Central Committee"").

</doc>
<doc id="9745171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745171" title="Kimi yo Fundo no Kawa o Watare">
Kimi yo Fundo no Kawa o Watare


</doc>
<doc id="9745184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745184" title="Sarasota County Public Schools">
Sarasota County Public Schools

Sarasota County Public Schools is a public school district serving all of Sarasota County, Florida. As of 2006, the total number of students is approximately 42,000.

</doc>
<doc id="9745190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745190" title="Wonderful Life (Black song)">
Wonderful Life (Black song)

"Wonderful Life" is a song by British singer Black from his 1987 album of the same name. Written by Black himself, the song was released twice as a single and was successful the second time, becoming a top ten hit in Switzerland, Germany, UK, France, Austria and Italy.
Single release.
First released in 1986 by Ugly Man Records, it initially peaked at no. 72 on the UK Singles Chart. The band then decided to re-release the song with a new record company, A&M Records after the success of "Sweetest Smile". The single then reached a higher peak of no. 8 on the UK Singles Chart in August 1987.
Music video.
The music video was shot in black and white around the English seaside resort of New Brighton, near Black's hometown Liverpool, and features New Brighton Lighthouse and Promenade. It was directed by Gerard De Thame, husband of Rachel De Thame, and won an award at the NY Film Festival in 1988.
Use in the media.
In 1990, the song featured in a UK television advertisement for Cadbury's Strollers.
In 1994, it was the soundtrack to a British television advertisement for Standard Life insurance, which rekindled interest in the song. The decision to re-release the track to take advantage of the renewed interest was rather delayed, and this time the song did not appear in the Top 40.
In 2008, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime developed a public service announcement which features the song in order to raise awareness of human trafficking among those who are vulnerable to trafficking, and those who are empowered to act against it.
In 2009 it was used by Emirates Airlines to promote air travel to Dubai.
The song featured in the soundtrack of Gurinder Chadha's 2010 film "It's a Wonderful Afterlife".
In season 4, episode 14 of the U.S. series "Queer as Folk" (2004), the song eerily accompanies the main character's struggle to finish a 500-mile bicycle tour in spite of a broken collarbone.
The song was also used in a French TV advertisement for the Fleury Michon ham, but not sung by Black.
It is also used by Romanian music radio station Romantic FM in certain bumpers.
The songs music and lyrics were used in a 2010 TV commercial by ZAIN telecommunication company. It was used to promote donation for Palestinian refugees with a slogan: "They live for the hope.. You build."
Cover versions.
Mathilde Santing version.
Dutch singer Mathilde Santing recorded her own cover version of "Wonderful Life" on her 1999 album "To Others to One". It was released as a maxi single and was used in a television advertisement for Interpolis, a Dutch insurance company. In addition to the album To Others to One, it is also on the albums "20 jaar hits 1981-2001 (Muziek 20 Daagse 2001)" and "100 Love Songs ".
Tina Cousins version.
British singer Tina Cousins recorded a cover version of the song for her second studio album "Mastermind". This version had moderate success, peaking at number 17 on the Australian Singles Chart and at number 58 on the UK Singles Chart. In 2005, a dance and a ballad of this cover version were used in the Australian miniseries "The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant" on Channel 10. Since 2007, both the dance and ballad versions of Tina Cousins' cover of the song have been used at the Hoyts cinemas in Australia directly prior to the start of a movie. Now only the ballad version is used. In 2008, this song featured in an UN TV spot ad raising awareness of Human Trafficking.
Other cover versions.
Macedonian alternative rock band Arhangel recorded an alternative rock version of the song for their 1993 album Arhangel 2. Former German rock band Hyperchild covered the song for their album "Easily" and released it as a single in 2000. Serbian punk rock band KBO! recorded a version of the song on their 2001 cover album "(Ne) Menjajte Stanicu" ("(Do Not) Change the Station"). French Neofolk band Oraison released a cover on their demo tape. Spanish singer Rosa López recorded a Spanish cover of the song entitled "Bella Vida" on her 2008 album "Promesas". It was also released as the second single from the album. In 2009, German techno group Scooter sampled the song on their single "The Sound Above My Hair". In 2011 Kim Wilde covered the song in the album "Snapshots". In 2011, the song featured on the Christmas album "Funny Looking Angels" by Smith & Burrows, a collaboration between Tom Smith (Editors) and Andy Burrows (We Are Scientists and ex-Razorlight). Slow Moving Millie covered the song on her album "Renditions".
Various other cover versions have been produced, by artists including Seeed, TJ Davis, Tony Hadley, Giuliano Palma & the Bluebeaters, Jono McCleery, Ace of Base, Lara Fabian, Myslovitz, Carrion, Adelmo "Zucchero" Fornaciari, and Csézy.

</doc>
<doc id="9745191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745191" title="United Communications Corporation">
United Communications Corporation

United Communications Corporation (UCC) is a privately owned publisher and operator of three daily newspapers, several weekly newspapers and three television stations in the U.S. states of Illinois, Massachusetts, Minnesota, South Dakota and Wisconsin. The company is based at the headquarters of its original and flagship property, the "Kenosha News" of Kenosha, Wisconsin.
History.
Founded in 1961 by the Brown family, upon its purchase of the "News", the company added a Massachusetts newspaper in the 1970s, buying two competing newspapers -- the "Attleboro Sun" and "North Attleborough Chronicle" -- and merging them into "The Sun Chronicle".
UCC then entered the television business through two sales mandated by Federal Communications Commission (FCC) competition rules. The "Watertown Daily Times" of Watertown, New York, 
sold WWNY-TV for $8.2 million in 1981; the national media chain Lee Enterprises sold KEYC-TV in Mankato, Minnesota, in 1977.
In the 21st century, UCC added its last two properties, founding WNYF-LP, a low-power television station in Watertown, New York, in 2001, and a year later buying the "Watertown Public Opinion" in eastern South Dakota.
Owner and President Howard J. Brown died April 29, 2011.
Properties.
UCC's newspaper holdings include three daily newspapers and their associated weeklies:
UCC's broadcast holdings include three television stations:

</doc>
<doc id="9745205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745205" title="Fred von Appen">
Fred von Appen

Fred von Appen (born March 22, 1942) is a former American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at the University of Hawaii at Manoa from 1996 to 1998, compiling a record of 5–31. He also served as an assistant on a number of college football and NFL coaching staffs over a 40-year period.
Playing career.
Von Appen was a linebacker and guard at Linfield College in McMinnville, Oregon, where he was a three-time all-conference selection. He was briefly in the San Diego Chargers camp in 1964.
Coaching career.
Von Appen began his coaching career in 1964 at his alma mater, Linfield. He earned a master’s degree in secondary education at Linfield in 1965. After leaving Linfield, von Appen served in the United States Army before resuming his coaching career at the University of Arkansas in 1969. He moved on to UCLA in 1970, Virginia Tech in 1971, and then the University of Oregon from 1972 to 1976. Von Appen made the first of four stints at Stanford University from 1977 to 1978.
von Appen spent the 1979 season as the Green Bay Packers' defensive line coach. He resigned during the 1980 preseason in protest of head coach Bart Starr's lenient punishment of defensive end Ezra Johnson, who was caught eating a hot dog on the sidelines during an exhibition game. von Appen returned to Arkansas in 1981, where he was the defensive line coach under Lou Holtz. He returned to Stanford in 1982 for a season. Former Stanford head coach Bill Walsh brought Von Appen to the San Francisco 49ers from 1983 to 1988, where his duties included special teams.
In 1989, von Appen returned again to Stanford as the defensive coordinator under head coach Dennis Green. From 1990 to 1991, von Appen was the defensive coordinator and assistant head coach at the University of Pittsburgh. When Bill Walsh became Stanford's head coach for the second time in 1992, he brought von Appen back as defensive coordinator. Von Appen was the defensive line coach at the University of Colorado at Boulder before becoming the head coach at the University of Hawaii. He was fired as from his post at Hawaii after his third season in 1998, a winless campaign.
Von Appen spent the 2000 season as the defensive line coach for the Minnesota Vikings and the 2001 season as the special teams coach for the New York Giants. He retired briefly after the 2001 season, but returned to coaching to serve as the defensive ends coach and assistant head coach at the University of Montana. He retired for good after the 2003 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9745228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745228" title="Tzu Chi Malaysia">
Tzu Chi Malaysia

Tzu Chi Malacca.
Taiwanese Entrepreneurial Couple Become Ambassadors of Peace and Humanity 
In 1988, a Taiwanese couple, Echo Chien Su Hsia (Buddhist name Ci Lu) and her husband, David Liu Ming Ta (Buddhist name Ji Yu), came to Malaysia with the intention of investing and establishing a factory in Malacca. In 1991, Sister Echo Chien returned to Taiwan for a home visit. She vividly recalled that while waiting for her turn in a beauty salon, she browsed through some magazines and came across Tzu Chi's monthly publications. She was deeply moved by the good deeds carried out by Tzu Chi and it was then that she realized her personal aspiration of helping the poor. She promptly donated two hospital beds to Tzu Chi (Taipei Branch) and subsequently signed up as a Tzu Chi member.
Leading the Factory Workers to Carry Out the Missions
In August 1992, Brother David Liu and Sister Echo Chien visited Venerable Master Bo-Yuan in Kuala Lumpur. The Master praised the humanitarian work of Master Cheng Yen. He encouraged them to take on this noble work and extend these deeds to Malaysia. A contact number of one of Tzu Chi's members in Malaysia was obtained from the Master. Thus the door of Tzu Chi was opened for them to propagate the ideals and values of humanitarian work. For a start, Sister Echo Chien introduced Tzu Chi to her factory workers and encouraged them to join the organization. They enthusiastically signed up as members. At the initial stage, they raised funds by sacrificing their lunch breaks to make handicrafts for sale at charity fairs.
Vital Decision Made After Visit to the Birthplace of Tzu Chi
In November 1992, with the encouragement of Sister Ye Ci Jing, Sister Echo Chien visited Tzu Chi Headquarters in Hualien. There she had the opportunity to understand the true teachings of Master Cheng Yen and her close associates, all of whom adhered strictly to the principle of 'no work, no meals'. Encouraged by Sister Echo Chien, Brother David Liu led a 22-member team to Hualien on 7 November 1993. Their arrival and presence were well received by Master Cheng Yen personally. Brother David Liu was deeply moved by Tzu Chi's serenity; and inspired by Master Cheng Yen's gestures of utmost sincerity, he became a staunch Tzu Chi follower. He vowed to take on the challenges of spreading the principles and good teachings of Master Cheng Yen. Upon his return to Melaka, Brother Liu immediately set about organizing and promoting Tzu Chi's activities by utilizing the conference room and samples display room in his factory.
From Scratch to Today's Achievements, Weaving the Tzu Chi Bodhisattva Net
Having been conferred as Tzu Chi Commissioners by Master Cheng Yen in early 1994, Brother David Liu and Sister Echo Chien started their untiring efforts of setting up more Liaison Centers across Malaysia. From Melaka, the seeds of love spread to Kuala Lumpur, Seremban, Muar, Kota Tinggi, Kluang, Tampin, Batu Pahat, Klang, and Kuantan. This then led to the progressive establishment of more Liaison Centers in East Malaysia, namely, Kota Kinabalu, Tenom, Sandakan, Tawau, Kuching and Miri. Thus the Malaysian network of bodhisattvas had grown into a sizeable and recognizable organization. The network is still growing today.
Mission's Success Sprouts New Branch in Malaysia
In March 1995, Melaka officially became a Contact Office. Brother David Liu and Sister Echo Chien were subsequently appointed as commissioners, taking charge of Tzu Chi's affairs in Melaka and Kuala Lumpur. With utmost confidence, enthusiasm and dedication, coupled with blessings from Master Cheng Yen, Brother David Liu later decided to donate a piece of land adjacent to his factory to Tzu Chi for the purpose of building the Hall of Still Thoughts. On 21 May 1997, the Melaka Tzu Chi Still Thoughts Hall, the first of its kind in Malaysia, was completed. Master De Xuan from Hualien was invited to visit Melaka and officiate at the Opening Ceremony, and at the same time, upgrade Melaka's Contact Office to a Liaison Office. In June 1998, Melaka Liaison Office was further upgraded to a Tzu Chi Branch Office. Master Cheng Yen sent Brother Steven Huang, the Chief Supervisor of Tzu Chi International Affairs, to Melaka for this purpose. Melaka Branch took charge of Tzu Chi affairs in Central and Southern Peninsular of Malaysia, as well as East Malaysia. In year 2005, Kuala Lumpur became another Tzu-Chi's branch office.

</doc>
<doc id="9745231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745231" title="Vince Cazzetta">
Vince Cazzetta

Vincent "Vince" Cazzetta (September 24, 1925 – May 4, 2005) was head coach of the Pittsburgh Pipers during the 1967-1968 season in which they won the American Basketball Association championship. He was one of the most successful head coaches in Seattle University's men's basketball history
Cazzetta was head coach at Seattle University from 1959 through 1963. He ranked second in school history with a .711 winning percentage and 96 wins. He resigned as coach with nine games left in the 1963 season after a dispute with the athletic director. 
Cazzetta moved on to become an assistant coach at the University of Rhode Island. 
Cazzetta became head coach of the fledgling Pittsburgh Pipers during the ABA's first season. He made major changes to the roster throughout the season; at the end of the season the team only had four players who had been there at the start of the season. During the season the Pipers had winning streaks of 15 and 12 games and won 18 out of 19 games at one point. The Pipers won the 1968 ABA Championship.
Cazzetta was the ABA's Coach of the Year for the 1967-1968 season. 
Cazzetta resigned as coach of the Pipers after team owners refused to grant him a raise in order to help move his wife and six children, as the franchise was leaving Pittsburgh to become the Minnesota Pipers. (The owners' refusal and move were both mistakes; the team returned to Pittsburgh as the Pipers after only one season in Minnesota.) Cazzetta was replaced as the Pipers' head coach by Jim Harding of LaSalle College. 
Cazzetta died in 2005 in Hartford, Connecticut at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="9745239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745239" title="Glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor">
Glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor

The glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor (GLP1R) is a human gene which resides on chromosome 6. The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the glucagon receptor family of G protein-coupled receptors.
Ligand specificity.
GLP1R binds specifically the glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP1) and has much lower affinity for related peptides such as the gastric inhibitory polypeptide and glucagon.
Function and therapeutic potential.
GLP1R is known to be expressed in pancreatic beta cells. Activated GLP1R stimulates the adenylyl cyclase pathway which results in increased insulin synthesis and release of insulin. Consequently GLP1R has been suggested as a potential target for the treatment of diabetes.
GLP1R is also expressed in the brain where it is involved in the control of appetite. Furthermore, mice which over express GLP1R display improved memory and learning.
Huntington’s disease.
The diabetic, pancreatic, and neuroprotection implications of GLP1R are also thought to be potential therapies for treating the diabetes and energy metabolism abnormalities associated with Huntington’s disease affecting the brain and periphery. Exendin-4, an FDA-approved antidiabetic glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist, has been tested in mice with the mutated human huntingtin protein showing neurodegenerative changes, motor dysfunction, poor energy metabolism, and high blood glucose levels. Exendin-4 (Ex-4) treatment reduced the accumulation of mhtt protein aggregates, improved motor function, extended the survival time, improved glucose regulation, and decreased brain and pancreas pathology.
Exendin-4 increases beta cell mass in the pancreatic islets to improve the release of insulin to ultimately increase glucose uptake. The mechanism regarding this insulin increase involves Ex-4 and GLP-1. When the islets in the pancreas are exposed to GLP-1, there is an increased expression of the anti-apoptotic gene bcl-2 and decreased expression of pro-apoptotic genes bax and caspase-3, which leads to greater cell survival. GLP-1 binding to its G protein-coupled receptor activates various different pathways including the growth factor receptor and is coupled to pathways stimulating mitogenesis. Some of these pathways include Rap, Erk1/2, MAPK, B-RAF, PI3-K, cAMP, PKA, and TORC2 that are activated to initiate exocytosis, proinsulin gene expression and translation, increase insulin biosynthesis, and genetically increase beta cell proliferation and neogenesis. The GLP-1R is a G protein-coupled receptor that is dependent on glucose and GLP-1 is a peptide hormone that acts directly on the beta cell to stimulate insulin secretion by activating signal transduction when glucose is present. When glucose is not present, this receptor no longer couples to stimulate insulin secretion in order to prevent hypoglycemia.
Relating glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity back to Huntington’s disease, increased insulin release and beta cell proliferation by a GLP-1 agonist, Ex-4, helps combat the damage done by mutant htt in peripheral tissues. Htt aggregation decreases beta cell mass and thus impairs insulin release and increases blood glucose levels. Disruption of glycemic homeostasis then affects nutrient availability to neurons and alters neuron function contributing to neurodegeneration and motor problems seen in Huntington’s disease. The health of the nervous system is related to metabolic health, thus a diabetes medication as a Huntington’s disease treatment is a potential treatment. Ex-4 easily crosses the blood-brain barrier and GLP-1 and Ex-4 have been shown to act on neurons in the brain by exerting neuroprotective actions.
In studies with Huntington’s disease mice, daily treatments of Ex-4 significantly reduced glucose levels compared to those mice treated with saline. It also increased insulin sensitivity by about 50%, improved insulin-stimulated glucose uptake, and protect pancreatic beta cell function. Huntington’s disease has also been linked to imbalances in leptin and ghrelin levels. Ex-4 restored ghrelin levels and also lowered leptin levels allowing Huntington’s disease mice to eat more and counteract symptomatic weight loss. This treatment restored beta cell cells and islet structure, reduce mhtt aggregates in the brain and pancreas, and also improve motor function seen by the increased activity level of the mice. Improvements were found in the areas of the body that expressed GLP-1R. In addition to its other effects on the Huntington’s disease mouse model, daily treatment of Ex-4, the GLP-1R agonist, significantly delayed the onset of mortality and extended the lifespan by approximately one month.

</doc>
<doc id="9745247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745247" title="Blackhawk Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Blackhawk Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Blackhawk Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 10,019 and it contained 4,563 housing units. Blackhawk Township changed its name from Camden County on October 1, 1857.
Quad City International Airport is partially within the township.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 94.06%) is land and (or 5.94%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9745274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745274" title="Bowling Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Bowling Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Bowling Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,414 and it contained 1,455 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9745275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745275" title="1914 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1914 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1914 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the 13th edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. The bulk of the competition returned to the United States for the first time since 1903. The United States fell to Australasia in the final, which was played at the West Side Tennis Club in New York City, New York on 13–15 August.

</doc>
<doc id="9745311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745311" title="Buffalo Prairie Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Buffalo Prairie Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Buffalo Prairie Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 824 and it contained 359 housing units. Buffalo Prairie Township was originally named Buffalo Township, but changed its name to Copper Township October 1, 1857, and then from Copper to Buffalo Prairie.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 92.09%) is land and (or 7.91%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9745341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745341" title="Canoe Creek Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Canoe Creek Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Canoe Creek Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 711 and it contained 317 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 96.72%) is land and (or 3.28%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9745348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745348" title="Holmes County School District">
Holmes County School District

Holmes County School District is a name shared by several school districts in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9745363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745363" title="QBE Insurance">
QBE Insurance

QBE Insurance Group Limited is Australia's largest global insurer. It provides insurance services mainly to Australia, America, Europe and Asia Pacific region. As of 2014, it has over 16000 employees in 52 countries. As of Aug 2012, QBE was ranked 18th among the world's general insurers. QBE has market capitalisation of A$18.6 billion, and represents 2.22% of the ASX 200 index. 
The company reported a 2013 net profit before amortisation and tax of $797 million and a net loss after tax of $254M. The annual report describes the result as "disappointing. 
QBE was listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in 1973 from the merger of three companies whose names represent the letters of the combined company, Queensland Insurance, Bankers' and Traders' Insurance Company, and Equitable Life and General Insurance Co., and its founding chairman was J.D.O. Burns (Burns Philp)(company director [http://books.google.com.au/books?id=hug6z1_Pe_IC&pg=PA364&lpg=PA364&dq=John+Lawes+QBE&source=bl&ots=YQPglvzlLE&sig=WsPw_3aRt7-BfPvFyYISoondfOQ&hl=en&ei=q8GGTr-tApGUiAedx6myDw&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=3&sqi=2&ved=0CC8Q6AEwAg#v=onepage&q=John%20Lawes%20British&f=false
Since then, QBE has continued to acquire many companies. For example in February 2007, it acquired Mexican insurer Seguros Cumbre SA de CV, whose net tangible assets were estimated at $26million, and American insurer General Casualty Insurance. In 2011 QBE purchased Balboa Insurance of California, USA from Bank of America.
QBE Insurance is also known for its sponsorship of sports teams, including the Sydney Swans of the Australian Football League, the NSW Swifts of netball's trans-Tasman ANZ Championship, the Perth Glory of the Hyundai A-League and provincial New Zealand Rugby team, North Harbour.
QBE is the official insurance partner of England Rugby. [http://www.qbeeurope.com/documents/Announcements/03%20Feb%2010.ENGLAND%20RUGBY%20STARS%20LAUNCH%20RFU%20PARTNERSHIP.pdf]. 
John Neal was appointed to the position of Group Chief Executive Officer on 17 August 2012. Frank O’Halloran, the former CEO was with the company for over thirty five years. He was appointed chief financial officer in 1982, joined the board as director of finance from 1987 to 1994 and was director of operations from 1994 to 1997.
In early 2013, QBE was setting up its biggest office complex in the Philippines at the Bonifacio Global City’s Net Cube building, which is a local hub for its regional shared services. QBE has signed a deal to lease six floors of the Net Cube Building in BGC, acquiring 6,500 square meters, or about a third of the Net Cube building, according to a joint statement issued by QBE and KMC MAG Group, the real estate services firm that brokered the property deal. “We’re very excited to have a big, official home in Manila. It took us a long time to search for the perfect space and I’m glad we can finally get things rolling now,” QBE chief operating officer Brad Sinnatamby said.
Force-Placed Insurance Controversy.
Maintaining a property insurance policy is one of the most common conditions imposed upon anyone who borrows money to purchase a house. If a borrower allows such a policy to lapse, lenders will purchase force-placed insurance for the property owner (also called lender-placed insurance, or collateral protection insurance) The use of force-placed insurance by lenders is an ongoing practice that, in the wake of the financial crisis, has become increasingly common, being cited by many experts as the cause of foreclosures themselves. The coverage prevents gaps in insurance, which is required by the terms of most mortgages. The financial industry justifies higher premium costs of force-placed insurance policies because of the heightened insurance risk of borrowers who aren’t paying for their own insurance. Opponents of the product consistently provide statistics in opposition to these statements, citing kickback payouts and loss ratios that are much lower than the rest of the insurance industry.
Force-placed insurance policies fell under regulatory scrutiny when the New York State Department of Financial Services (DFS) launched an investigation into the lender-placed insurance industry that has so far led to settlements with QBE and Assurant Although testimony in these hearings discussed "Reverse Competition" and kickbacks from Assurant to its banking clients, In response to the settlement, DFS Superintendent Benjamin Lawsky stated, "Prices should not be pushing up and up, pushing borrowers over the foreclosure cliff."
In January 2013, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued new mortgage servicing rules that ensures borrowers are warned in advance of force-placed insurance's cost and prevent banks from force-placing policies on many escrowed loans. “All consumers will receive protections before a servicer may impose a charge for a force-placed insurance,” an agency spokeswoman wrote. In October 2012, QBE and California agreed to a rate reduction for lender-placed insurance, with an average savings to policyholders of $577 annually.
The Federal Housing Finance Agency, which oversees Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and the federal home loan banks, has looked into the relationships between force-placed insurers and their clients, determining the relationships to be fraudulent and banning any future service kickbacks. In addition, the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation is looking into the practice 

</doc>
<doc id="9745370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745370" title="Vortex (Transformers)">
Vortex (Transformers)

Vortex is a fictional character in the Transformers universes.
Transformers: Generation 1.
Vortex is the most out-and-out sadistic of the Combaticons, and functions as their interrogator. A favorite tactic of his is to trap Autobots in the huge wind funnels he creates in helicopter mode until they tell him what he wants to know. He combines with fellow Combaticons to form Bruticus and forms left arm of this giant super-robot. He uses a semi-automatic glue gun. Vortex is the only G1 Transformer whose motto includes his own name.
Marvel Comics.
Vortex debuted in issue #24, "Afterdeath". In this issue, Megatron and the Combaticons are battling Optimus Prime and Protectobots near a computer lab. A human named Ethan Zachary convinces the robots to settle their dispute in a video game. They agreed on the condition that whichever side lost, their leader was destroyed in the real world. The object of the game was to destroy the leader of the group. The Combaticons and Protectobots were sent to different levels of the game. In each scenario, the Combaticons would lose and the Protectobots would win. This allowed them to merge into Defensor and destroy the virtual Megatron. However, Megatron uses a cheat code (which was discovered by Vortex) to reenter the game. Optimus defeats Megatron again, but this time he allows innocent lives to perish. Feeling guilty, Optimus forfeits the game and orders himself destroyed.
Vortex appeared in issue #41 "Totaled!" He was among the Decepticon forces that attacked the Autobots on the moon.
Vortex appeared in issue #47 "The Underbase Saga Part 1 - Club Con!" He is seen joking with Drag Strip in the Decepticon base.
Vortex remained a simple foot soldier the remainder of the comics, with no major plot or character development. He was eventually killed by Jhiaxus' forces in the "" comic.
Animated series.
Vortex debuted in the second season episode, "Starscream's Brigade". In the episode, Starscream is banished again from the Decepticon HQ after his just another conflict with Megatron. In that time it comes to Starscream's attempt on Megatron's life. The attempt fails, but Megatron is finally made frantic with rage and deports Starscream to the island of Guadalcanal. Here the exiled 'Con discovers old World War II vehicles and decides to use the wreckage to build his own army. He raids a Decepticon detention center on Cybertron and steals the personality components of several renegade Decepticons. Vortex is оne of them; the others' names are Onslaught, Brawl, Swindle and Blast Off. Vortex is placed in an old WWII fighter plane and the body is reformatted into a helicopter. Also Starscream endowes his creatures (named the Combaticons) with the ability to link up and form an enormous super-robot Bruticus which is much more mighty than Devastator himself.
At the head of his improvised army, Starscream attackes Megatron and even forces him to recognise himself as the new Decepticon leader. Only with the aid of the Stunticons Megatron succeedes in managing the insolent ex-Air-force Commander and his fighters. After Bruticus is defeated by Menasor, Megatron banishes Starscream and the Combaticons from Earth and sends them to a distant asteroid. Starscream quarrels with the Combaticons and abandons them on the asteroid. After he flies off into space, the Combaticons arrive to Cybertron. Here they attempt to exact revenge on Megatron by using the space bridge to alter Earth's orbit, sending it towards the Sun. The plot fails. Starscream reveals the weak points of Bruticus to Megatron in exchange for his forgiveness. Megatron captures and reprograms the Combaticons to obey him.
Vortex was later involved in a Decepticon plot to capture the Middle East oil fields. The Aerialbots arrive on the scene and the Decepticons use their new jet drones to attack them. Vortex is assigned three of these jets. However, these drones proved to be no match for the Aerialbots and are destroyed. The Combaticons then engaged them as Bruticus, but lost to Superion.
Later in the third season episode, "The Ultimate Weapon" the Autobots attempt to steal Trypticon's transformation cog. They send Spike Witwicky and Daniel Witwicky into Trypticon disguised as mechanics. Rodimus Prime and Ultra Magnus try to sneak past Vortex, who was guarding. A suspicious Vortex picks up Rodimus and shakes him, causing Daniel to fall out and into a ravine. Ultra Magnus, however, manages to save him.
Vortex made various other appearances as a member of the Combaticons, throughout the remainder of the series, as well as in the Japanese series .
Dreamwave Productions.
Dreamwave Productions' 21st century re-imagining of the Generation 1 universe took its inspiration for the Combaticons from the original animated series, casting them as Decepticon prisoners who were reduced to protoform stasis because they were too dangerous to be released.
Onslaught, Brawl, Blast Off and Vortex originally appeared as part of Shockwave's attack on Iacon in the first War Within series. At the same time Swindle was with Starscream, Motormaster, Runabout and Runamuck after Starscream head sent Megatron and Optimus Prime down further into the depths of Cybertron.
Later, when Optimus Prime led a rebellion against Shockwave's domination of Cybertron in 2003, Starscream took the opportunity to form a power base, taking the protoform Combaticons to Earth and outfitting them with new alternate modes taken from an abandoned military base, then leading them in an attack on the Ark in order to acquire parts to make the Decepticon space cruiser, the Nemesis, spaceworthy. Confronted in battle by Brawn, Bruticus was caught in an explosion as Ratchet self-destructed the Ark, but he survived the conflagration, only to be knocked out by artillery fire from an incoming Autobot shuttle. After a battle with the evil clone, Sunstorm, Brawn opted to work out some of his stress on Bruticus's unconscious body, punching the gestalt about the head until his comrades yelled at him to stop. Bruticus would return, battling Sky Lynx for Starscream's amusement - until the Predacons appeared in their combined form of Predaking. The two gestalts battled as Starscream fled and Bruticus lost. The ultimate fate of the Combaticons in the Dreamwave universe was not revealed, due to the company's closure.
IDW Publishing.
Banzai-Tron, Gutcruncher, Axer and the Combaticons help Arcee attempt to recapture Monstructor.
Fun Publications.
Nine million years in the past on Cybertron, Vortex is assigned to the Autobot Elite Guard Combaticon unit, designed to seek out and stop the leadership of the Decepticon forces.
The Elite Guard Alpha Team and Strike Team did battle against a horde of ferrovorous bugs in one of Cybertron's city-states. Magnum then ordered the Strike Team to escort the Alpha Team to Space Port Bravo for their next mission. The Strike Team then reported to Magnum and Sentinel Major, who introduced them to the new Elite Guard Special-Ops Team, also called the Combaticons.
While on patrol Onslaught told Metalhawk the story of how his Elite Guard team captured Thunderwing. Metalhawk then told Onslaught about how his team captured Blue Bacchus. The teams of Elite Guardsmen then came across a Decepticon who was separated from his group. Brawl was able to get the location of a Decepticon base from the captive before he went offline. The Guard teams around the base and were able to kill Shadowcaster, the base's leader. Metalhawk's team reported to Magnum, but the Combaticons stayed to investigate, Onslaught thinking their victory was too easy. They were captured by Decepticons.
Metalhawk and his Strike Team were searching for Decepticons when they ran into a crazy "empty" who ranted about the coming of the "brute". They received a distress signal from Sentinel Major ordering all Elite Guard units to return base. When Metalhawk's team arrived at the base Ricochet told them of a Decepticon attack. Among the attackers are the Combaticions, but when Sentinel Major orders them to surrender, they combine into Bruticus and crush Sentinel Major.
When most of the members of the Autobot Elite Guard confronted Bruticus they were nearly wiped out, with Bruticus killing most of the Guard. Dion was able to blind Bruticus, forcing it to separate into the Combaticons, but the Combaticons finished off most of the remaining Guard, including Metalhawk, who was killed by Onslaught. This left only Dion alive, buried in the rubble, and Thunderclash's team, which was off planet at the time.
Transformers: Robots in Disguise.
Ro-Tor is the name of a Decepticon who turns into a helicopter. The team's reconnaissance specialist.
Animated series.
Ro-Tor was one of five Transformers that actually began life as Autobots, sent to Earth along with a sixth to lead them in a mission to reactivate the legendary Autobot battle station known as Fortress Maximus. However, their craft malfunctioned and crashed, and the six Autobots were entombed in protoform state, joining Fortress Maximus in slumber until their ship was unearthed by Megatron and his Predacons. Absconding with the Autobot protoforms right under Optimus Prime's nose, Megatron took them to a nearby military base, intending to scan alternate modes for them. Mega-Octane was the first to be reactivated, infused with a portion of Megatron's own spark energy to create the first of a new breed of Transformer that Megatron dubbed the "Decepticons." The other four members of the team followed, and eventually the sixth, Scourge, who took leadership of the team from Mega-Octane with a show of force.
Simply referred to as the Commandos, they soon demonstrated their skills by blowing up dams across the country, debuting their combining abilities against Rail Racer and later attempting to harness the energies of a volcano on Montrose Island. As part of a string of failed attempts to locate the Autobots' hidden base, Movor was launched into orbit to track Side Burn from space, and the Decepticons then pretended to have reverted to their original Autobot selves in an effort to make the Autobots take them in. Later, Decepticon corruption of the Autobots' global spacebridge led Ruination into conflict with Landfill.
It soon became apparent that Scourge sought to overthrow Megatron's leadership, and the discovery of Fortress Maximus, buried beneath the Earth's surface accelerated the process as exposure to his energies, and those of the O-Parts - the keys to Maximus's resurrection - awoke memories of Scourge's original mission. His new Decepticon programming turned it on its head, however, as he now wished to command Maximus's power for his own, and soon had the other Decepticons thinking the same way, conspiring with Mega-Octane to get Cerebros, the power key of Fortress Maximus, under his control. As a series of chases to acquire control of Maximus began, Scourge eventually revealed his treachery by trying to have the giant attack Galvatron (Megatron, in a new form), only for the plan to fail. In retribution, Galvatron again brainwashed the Decepticons, turning them back into his loyal servants, who followed him so completely that they were even willing to take his orders after he attempted to kill them as a belated punishment. With Galvatron's defeat, the Decepticons and Predacons were all taken back to Cybertron for imprisonment.
3H Enterprises.
His only appearance in the official storyline of Transformers: Universe was as a member of the Ruination combiner team in the 2004 BotCon voice actor play, where he was commanded by Reptilion.
Transformers: Universe.
The name Ro-Tor was used again on a helicopter Micromaster as part of the Aerialbot team and forms an arm to the teams combined form Superion (Sixwing).
The Micromaster toy packaging was lacking in bios and no official bio has been released from Hasbro.
According to the story for Berserker Sixwing, a computer virus briefly turned the Sixwing team into Decepticons.
Transformers: Energon.
Vortex was the Japanese name for Energon Stormcloud, who transformed into an attack helicopter.
Transformers.
Early leaked scripts of the 2007 "Transformers" film had a Decepticon helicopter named "Vortex". This would have been the most logical name for a helicopter Decepticon since Vortex was the "Generation 1" Decepticon helicopter. At some point the name was changed to Blackout.
Little is known about the toy versions of Vortex yet. The packaging of the "Revenge of the Fallen" version simply lists him as a Decepticon interrogator.
Transformers: Prime.
Video games.
Vortex appears among the rest of the Combaticons in the 2012 video game "". He is playable in Chapter 6, "Death From Above". He transforms into a helicopter and can use a special shockwave ability that destroys most enemies. In the level, your mission is to destroy a bridge, cutting off the Autobot transport.

</doc>
<doc id="9745372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745372" title="List of United States Senators in the 91st Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 91st Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority during the 91st Congress, from January 3, 1969 to January 3, 1971.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
Senators who were sworn in in the middle of the two-year congressional term (up until the last senator who was not sworn in early after winning the November 1970 election) are listed at the end of the list with no number.

</doc>
<doc id="9745386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745386" title="Coal Valley Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Coal Valley Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

History.
Coal Valley Township was named for coal mines in the vicinity.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 97.68%) is land and (or 2.32%) is water.
Quad City International Airport is partially in Coal Valley Township.

</doc>
<doc id="9745406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745406" title="Emile Zola Berman">
Emile Zola Berman

Emile Zola Berman (November 3, 1902 – July 3, 1981) was an American criminal defense lawyer. He was named after the French novelist Émile Zola (1840–1902). During World War II he was an intelligence officer in the 10th Air Force in Burma where he received the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Bronze Star. He was discharged as a lieutenant colonel.
Famous cases.
Berman first became nationally known in 1956 when he defended Staff Sgt. Matthew McKeon who was accused of manslaughter after leading men into a creek during a training exercise on Parris Island. Six of the men drowned, but Berman was able to get an acquittal on the most serious charges. In 1969, Berman was part of the defense team of Sirhan Sirhan, the assassin of Robert F. Kennedy. Berman received criticism for defending an avowed anti-Zionist but countered his critics by stating that he was defending Sirhan's rights and not his beliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="9745415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745415" title="John Aston">
John Aston

John Aston may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9745430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745430" title="Monroe County School District">
Monroe County School District

Monroe County School District is a name shared by several school districts in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9745433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745433" title="WJJQ">
WJJQ

WJJQ and WJJQ-FM are a pair of full-service radio stations in Tomahawk, Wisconsin. They are owned by Albert Broadcasting, Inc. The company's FM service broadcasts a mixed adult contemporary and country music format, and the AM station is an ESPN Radio affiliate. The company is a family-owned community radio station. Their slogan is: "Your information and entertainment station of the northwoods." It is a 25,000 watt station that broadcasts at 92.5 MHz. It uses the nickname "The Big Q.". WJJQ (AM), previously used the call letters WYYS, and before that, WELF in the early '70s.

</doc>
<doc id="9745436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745436" title="The Major Works of John Coltrane">
The Major Works of John Coltrane

The Major Works of John Coltrane is a compilation album by jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1992 by GRP Records. It features extended compositions originally released on Impulse! Records: "Ascension", "Om", and "".
Track listing.
Disc 1:
Disc 2:
Personnel.
Recorded June 28 and October 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="9745437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745437" title="Nam Gyu-ri">
Nam Gyu-ri

Nam Gyu-ri (; born on April 26, 1985 in Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean singer and actress. She was a former member and leader of the Korean female trio, SeeYa. In 2009, Nam Gyu-ri had a contract dispute with the group's management company and left the group. Nam has also acted, most notably in the film "Death Bell" and the drama "49 Days". In 2012 She was ranked at #58 on "The 23rd Annual Independent Critics List of the 100 Most Beautiful Faces".
Career.
In April 2009, Core Contents Media, SeeYa's management company, announced that Nam Gyu-ri had violated the terms of her contract by refusing to perform her engagements as a member of SeeYa; the company also stated that it would potentially take legal action against Nam. Although the company later announced that she would return, it was eventually revealed that the issues could not be fully resolved, and Nam left again. In leaving the group permanently, Nam released a statement through her lawyers in which she said that she "could not possibly" return to SeeYa. In the statement, Nam announced that the reason for her departure was that she was more interested in pursuing an acting career than singing. Because it was impossible to pursue both paths, she had decided that she needed to give up working with the group. For this reason, she declined offers from all record companies that were interested in recruiting SeeYa, and would henceforth make a new beginning as an actor and not a singer. Shortly after finding new management, however, Nam resumed her singing career as a solo artist. Her new management company, Eyagi Entertainment, has confirmed that Nam would pursue a solo career in both acting and singing. Despite the fact that Nam stated she wouldn't pursue her singing career as a solo singer, she managed to contribute in Ivy's comeback album "I Be.." in 2009. 
In 2011, Nam Gyuri returned to SeeYa temporarily during the group's promotion of its final album. SeeYa officially disbanded in January 30, 2011. Nam Gyuri had a new management company, Eyagi Entertainment, and later announced that she will pursue both acting and singing.
In 2013, she became the newest member of management company, Namoo Actors, joining the likes of actress Moon Geun Young, Han Hye-jin and Yoo Jun-sang.

</doc>
<doc id="9745439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745439" title="Turner Classic Movies (Asia)">
Turner Classic Movies (Asia)

For more information on the international TCM, see "Turner Classic Movies".
Or the British version, see "Turner Classic Movies".
Turner Classic Movies is a digital television channel featuring commercial-free classic movies, mostly from the Turner Entertainment and Warner Bros. film libraries, which include many MGM, United Artists, RKO and Warner Bros. titles, mainly classic films (e.g. "The Wizard of Oz" or "Citizen Kane"). It is the Asian iteration of the US TCM.
History.
The channel was launched (as TNT) in October 1994. TCM & Cartoon Network (formerly TNT & Cartoon Network) was a time shared satellite channel that aired TCM from 21:00 CET to 6:00 CET (from 20:00 GMT to 5:00 GMT) and IST respectively and Cartoon Network the remaining time, mainly for analogue cable systems across Europe and India, although it was originally targeted at the Republic of Ireland, India and the United Kingdom. It was formerly free-to-air, but is now carried encrypted and provided only to cable companies and on some commercial satellite systems. It was one of the three movie channels available on Foxtel, and Austar in Australia. TCM and Cartoon Network became two separate channels operating in Europe and the Indian Subcontinent in 1999.
In April 2000 the channel was rebranded as Turner Classic Movies.
In India, this channel was exclusively available on Dish TV until 15 March 2009. Now it is available on IN Digital Cable from the Hinduja Group and from 31 August 2009, on Tata Sky. The channel has been discontinued on Tata Sky from 15 September 2012.
From 1 July 2011, TCM began offering movies to Australia & New Zealand audiences in widescreen.

</doc>
<doc id="9745451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745451" title="Coe Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Coe Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Coe Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,657 and it contained 659 housing units. Coe Township originally was named Fremont Township, but changed its name to Penn Township on October 1, 1857. Then changed its name from Penn to Coe in January, 1858.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.97%) is land and (or 0.03%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9745483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745483" title="Folin–Ciocalteu reagent">
Folin–Ciocalteu reagent

The Folin–Ciocalteu reagent (FCR) or Folin's phenol reagent or Folin–Denis reagent, also called the "Gallic Acid Equivalence method" (GAE), is a mixture of phosphomolybdate and phosphotungstate used for the colorimetric "in vitro" assay of phenolic and polyphenolic antioxidants. It is named after Otto Folin, Vintilă Ciocâlteu, and Willey Glover Denis.
The reagent does not only measure phenols, and will react with any reducing substance. It therefore measures the total reducing capacity of a sample, not just phenolic compounds. This reagent is part of the Lowry protein assay, and will also react with some nitrogen-containing compounds such as hydroxylamine and guanidine. The reagent has also been shown to be reactive towards thiols, many vitamins, the nucleotide base guanine, the trioses glyceraldehyde and dihydroxyacetone, and some inorganic ions. Copper complexation increases the reactivity of phenols towards this reagent.
This reagent is distinct from Folin's reagent, which is used to detect amines and sulfur-containing compounds.
A 1951 paper entitled "Protein measurement with the Folin phenol reagent" was the most cited paper in the 1945–1988 Science Citation Index, with 187,652 citations
Physiologic significance.
Because it measures anti-oxidant capacity in vitro, the reagent has been used to assay foods and supplements in food science. The oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) used to be the industry standard for antioxidant strength of whole foods, juices and food additives. However, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) withdrew these ratings in 2012 as biologically invalid, stating that no physiological proof "in vivo" existed to support the free-radical theory. Consequently, the ORAC method, derived only in "in vitro" experiments, is no longer considered relevant human diets or biology.
The Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity assay is an alternative "in vitro" measurements of antioxidant capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="9745490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745490" title="Lynn Richardson">
Lynn Richardson

Lynn Richardson (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian artist and sculptor based in Winnipeg.
Career.
In 1998 Richardson received her Honours BFA from the University of Manitoba. In 2005 she completed an MFA in Sculpture at the University of Texas at Austin. In 2005 she received the Joan Mitchell Foundation MFA Grant in New York.
Richardson has presented her sculpture in numerous exhibitions throughout Canada, the United States and Taiwan. Her large-scale installation "Red State" was featured in the Supernovas group show at the Winnipeg Art Gallery and at the Michael Gibson Gallery in London, Ontario. Her solo exhibitions include a presentation of Inter-glacial Free Trade Agency at Regina's Dunlop Art Gallery in 2007 and a series of new works at Harcourt House in Edmonton in 2008.
Richardson has received art awards including grants from the Winnipeg Arts Council, Manitoba Arts Council and the Canada Council for the Arts. She has taught sculpture at the University of Manitoba School of Art and courses at the University of Texas. In 2007, she was artist-in-residence at the Bemis Center for Contemporary Art in Omaha, Nebraska.
Reception.
Critic Peter Goddard, writing in TheStar.com, described Richardson's "Inter-Glacial Free Trade Agency.ca" as giving the message "Any bleak future can look terrific if it just has the right design." In Goddard's view, Richardson is creating a "brave new northland" (of Canada), where a "wonderfully deadpan installation" gentrifies the oil rigs in the tundra; where protective suits "come in zippy matching colours" and even the reindeer are glammed-up.
Art critic Amy Karlinsky, writing in BorderCrossings, opined that Richardson's "minimal and collapsible" "Red State" "hinted at her capacity to generate metaphor": its "monumentality" was "all sham and seductive illusion – a tidy reference to both art and politics". And Karlinsky had earlier enjoyed "Richardson's fabulous and funny kinetic sculptures of 2002", which in her view "invited viewer participation and provided wry commentary on Canadian icons and symbolism". But Karlinsky found "Inter-Glacial Free Trade Agency.ca" "more fraught" by contrast, and agreed with the exhibition curator that Richardson's environmental concerns were integral to her works and had "catalyzed" her into production. How, she wondered, did you suggest something as vast as the Arctic? "A simulated and disjointed landscape confronts the viewer. It is a depopulated, dystopic scenario" with strange artistic details. "Much is eerie, evocative and otherworldly."

</doc>
<doc id="9745512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745512" title="Patrick Corrigan (writer)">
Patrick Corrigan (writer)

Patrick Corrigan is a US-based author and advocate for people with a mental illness, particularly in relation to the issue of stigma. He has written more than ten books and more than 300 papers specialising in issues related to mental illness. In 1998, Corrigan was added to the Who's Who of the World. Corrigan resides in Northern Illinois.
Professional life.
Since 1992, Corrigan has been on the faculty at the University of Chicago and also serves as an investigator for the Chicago Consortium for Stigma Research. Corrigan is currently on the faculty at Illinois Institute of Technology.
One of his most noted books is "Don't Call Me Nuts : Coping with the Stigma of Mental Illness", which discusses many issues relating to mental illness including the issue of indiscriminate disclosure. More recently, he has edited "On the Stigma of Mental Illness: Practical strategies for research and social change" which illustrated perspectives from a wide variety of sources, including people with a mental illness, to look at practical affirmative action tactics that can be used to fight against stigma.

</doc>
<doc id="9745516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745516" title="All Nations">
All Nations

All Nations was the name of a barnstorming professional baseball team that toured the Midwest from 1912 to 1918, and again in 1920 and 1921, and from 1923 to 1925. It derived its name from the fact that its team included players of several nationalities, including blacks and whites, Indians, Hawaiians, Orientals, and Latin Americans. The team was founded by the Hopkins Brothers sporting goods stores. One day, however, the team's manager absconded with the daily gate proceeds. J. L. Wilkinson, who played for the team, replaced him as manager, later becoming owner as well. The team was based out of Kansas City and Des Moines.
Under the management of Wilkinson, the All Nations' approach to the game was more serious than that of many teams who followed Abe Saperstein's farcical approach. They did however provide additional entertainment for their audiences, including having a dance band to play before the games and wrestlers like Ben Reeves to perform after their games.
Wilkinson transported the team from location to location in a $25,000 Pullman car, which also held portable bleachers which would be set up for the game. He did not pay for rooms for his players, however, instead having them sleep the night before the game in tents they brought with them on the field on which they would play.
Under Wilkinson, the team became "strong enough to give any major league club a nip and tuck battle", according to "Sporting Life". It went 3-1 against the Indianapolis ABC's in 1916 and splitting a series with the Chicago American Giants.
The team encountered difficulties during World War I, when it found most of its better players were drafted, and was finally disbanded in 1918. Pitcher John Donaldson managed the All Nations from 1923 to 1924. The All Nations were still owned by J.L. Wilkinson and was used as a traveling team that trained inexperienced players and found talent in the Midwest.

</doc>
<doc id="9745542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745542" title="Rehara">
Rehara

Rehara is a village in Poonch District of Azad Kashmir. It is located about 20 miles northeast of Rawalakot, Azad Kashmir.

</doc>
<doc id="9745552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745552" title="Cordova Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Cordova Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Cordova Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 896 and it contained 399 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 91.17%) is land and (or 8.83%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9745562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745562" title="Leonardo Bistolfi">
Leonardo Bistolfi

Leonardo Bistolfi (14 March 1859 – 2 September 1933) was an Italian sculptor, an important exponent of Italian Symbolism.
Bistolfi was born in Casale Monferrato in Piedmont, north-west Italy, to Giovanni Bistolfi, a sculptor in wood, and to Angela Amisano.
In 1876 he enrolled in the Brera Art Academy in Milan, where his teacher was Giosuè Argenti. In 1880 he studied under Odoardo Tabacchi at the Accademia Albertina in Turin.
His first works ("Le lavandaie" (‘The Washerwomen’), "Tramonto" (‘Sunset’), "Vespero" (‘Evening’), "Boaro" (‘Cattle-hand’), "Gli amanti" (‘The Lovers’)), executed between 1880 and 1885, show the influence of the Milanese "Scapigliatura". In 1882 he sculpted "L'Angelo della morte" (‘The Angel of Death’) for the Brayda tomb in the Turin cemetery known as the Cimitero Monumentale, and in 1883 he produced a bust of the painter Antonio Fontanesi for the Accademia Albertina: these works show a turn towards Symbolism which the artist was never to abandon.
From this time until 1914 Bistolfi produced many busts, medals and portraits of prominent figures including the Piedmontese painter Lorenzo Delleani, the kings of Italy Vittorio Emanuele II and Umberto I, the criminologist Cesare Lombroso, the writer Edmondo De Amicis, and the publisher and journalist Emilio Treves.
In the early 1890s he was made an honorary member of the Accademia Albertina and became secretary of the "Circolo degli Artisti" (‘Artists’ Circle’).
In 1892 he began a two-year task of decorating Chapel XVI of the Sacro Monte di Crea, one of the Sacri Monti of Piedmont and Lombardy which are recognised as UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
In 1893 he married Maria Gusberti.
Also during the years 1892–1908 Bistolfi executed numerous funerary monuments (statues and reliefs), including the memorial plaque for André Gladis.
In 1902, along with Davide Calandra, Giorgio Ceragioli, Enrico Reycend and Enrico Thovez, he founded the magazine "L'arte decorativa moderna" (‘Modern Decorative Art’). During the years 1895–1905 he exhibited at a number of editions of the Venice Biennale.
In 1906 he produced a monument to the painter Giovanni Segantini "La bellezza liberata dalla materia" (‘Beauty liberated from matter’) known also as "L'alpe" (‘the Alp’), which is conserved at the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna in Rome.
For the Monument of Vittorio Emanuele II in Rome Bistolfi produced the marble group "Il sacrificio" (‘Sacrifice’).
In 1923 he was made a "Senatore del Regno" (Senator of the Kingdom).
In 1928 Bistolfi produced the "Monumento ai Caduti" (war memorial) for Casale Monferrato.
Bistolfi died at La Loggia, in the province of Turin, on 2 September 1933. He was interred in the cemetery of Casale Monferrato.
His work is exhibited at La Loggia, at the Musée d'Orsay in Paris, at the The National Museum of Western Art in Tokyo, and at the Galleria d'Arte Moderna in Turin. The largest collection, however is at the Gipsoteca “Leonardo Bistolfi” in Casale Monferrato, where more than 170 of his works are on display in five rooms. These include drawings and sketches as well as works and bozzetti in terracotta, plasticine, and gesso and some sculptures in marble and bronze.
Sculpture by Bistolfi is also to be found in the Cimitero monumentale di Staglieno of Genoa, a town where his influence was seen in the work of a number of sculptors, particularly those specializing in funerary art.

</doc>
<doc id="9745575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745575" title="2006 Florida Atlantic Owls football team">
2006 Florida Atlantic Owls football team

The 2006 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2006 college football season. The team was coached by Howard Schnellenberger and played their home games at Lockhart Stadium in Ft. Lauderdale, FL. The Owls entered their first season as full members of the Sun Belt Conference, and were a bit inexperienced as they headed into the season. There was a serious battle for the starting quarterback position between freshman Rusty Smith and junior Sean Clayton. Throughout the season they split the majority of playing time.

</doc>
<doc id="9745581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745581" title="Artika Sari Devi">
Artika Sari Devi

Artika Sari Devi Kusmayadi was born in Pangkal Pinang, Bangka-Belitung Islands, at September 29, 1979. She became Puteri Indonesia (Miss Indonesia Pageant) 2004 when she was 25 years old, represented Kepulauan Bangka Belitung, and crowned on August 6, 2004, in the Jakarta Convention Center.
Miss Universe 2005.
She represented Indonesia in 2005 Miss Universe Pageant and was the first Indonesian woman to advance to semifinals, competed in the Evening Gown Competition finished in the top fifteen.
Controversy.
Although not reported to the police, there was a controversy surrounding her involvement in the 2005 Miss Universe Pageant. She was accused of breaking the Code of Law 281, edict number 01/U/1984, regarding Cultural and Educational conducts. Indonesian laws forbids any kind of involvement in international beauty pageants and considers such as immoral. In 2006, the winner of Miss Indonesia 2005 and participant of Miss Universe 2006 Nadine Chandrawinata was also reported to the police, which eventually traced back to Artika Sari Devi and the Miss Indonesia Foundation. The issue however was soon forgotten.
Post-Miss Universe.
She starred in a musical Indonesian film called "Opera Jawa" ("Requiem from Java") directed by Garin Nugroho, which was nominated for 2006 Toronto Film Festival, 2006 London Film Festival, and 2006 Venice Film Festival. The movie also being nominated for Best Movie in Indonesia Film Festival.
She holds a Master of Law Studies degree from Universitas Gajah Mada. She married Ibrahim Imran (a popular musician in Indonesia known as Baim) in 2008 and gave birth to a daughter, Sarah Abiela Ibrahim, in late 2009. She was cited on the UNICEF website as an example of natural breast-feeding practices for women from developing nations.
Besides as being a full-time mother, Artika Sari Devi also runs a fashion line for kids, Sugar Bebe Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="9745603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745603" title="Enhanced use lease">
Enhanced use lease

In the United States Enhanced Use Lease (EUL) is a method for funding construction or renovations on federal property by allowing a private developer to lease underutilized property, with rent paid by the developer in the form of cash or in-kind services. Currently, EULs are used by the Department of Defense and the Veterans Administration. Temporary authority has also been granted to the General Services Agency and the National Aeronatics and Space Administration. EUL authority is derived from Congress and is specific to each agency (e.g. 10 USC 2667 for the DoD). The information below is specific to DoD EULs.
Granted a ground lease (the term may vary by agency or project), the developer is able to make improvements to the property which can be leased at market rents to any interested tenants. Under EUL, the U.S. government retains control over the leased property, the EUL developer (lessee) retaines a lease interest only.
Since the agency can issue enhanced use leases only on land that is unneeded, the improvements must not be directly tied to any programmatic requirements of the installation. 
The advantages to the developer include prime secure convenient locations on military installations, and the opportunity to provide sole-source services and products in lieu of rent for the ground lease. 
The advantages to the federal agency include the possibility of fast-tracking alterations, repairs or new construction so that the improved space becomes available for lease. In-kind considerations or cash to no less than the fair market value of the property is provided in return by the developer.
The enhanced use lease is becoming a very popular tool to accommodate realignment of military functions under Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC). Military installations are legally bound, but not necessarily funded, to accommodate BRAC-mandated realignments of functions. 
The use of EULs has mushroomed with the expanded authority of Title 10 USC, Section 2667, of the National Defense Authorization Act. It remains to be seen whether this form of privatization will create increased financial, security or environmental risks. Legal complications that have emerged include how EUL-encumbered property will be treated when an installation is targeted for closure under BRAC (example, Building 40 at Walter Reed).

</doc>
<doc id="9745607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745607" title="FV Motor Eberswalde">
FV Motor Eberswalde

FV Motor Eberswalde is a German association football club from Eberswalde, Brandenberg northeast of Berlin.
History.
The club was founded on 1 July 1909 as "FC Preussen Eberswalde" (FC Prussia Eberswalde) and steadily improved in the period leading up to World War I advancing to play in the top local league. The club nearly collapsed during the war but resumed play in 1920 and soon returned to its previous good form going through the 1922–23 season with only a single loss and advancing to the country's second highest play class.
After the rise to power of the Nazis in 1933 German football was re-structured and "Prussia" kept its place playing in the second tier Oberliga. In 1936 the team slipped back to local city league competition and after the outbreak of World War II played progressively fewer games. In 1943–44 "Prussia" briefly partnered with longtime local rival "Eberswalde SV 1912" (originally "FC Britannia") as a combined wartime side or Kriegspielgemainschaft. At war's end occupying Allied authorities banned most organizations in Germany including sports and football clubs. The two wartime partners emerged in 1946 as "ZSG (Zentralen Sportgemeinschaft) Eberswalde-Nord" and "ZSG Eberswalde-Süd", respectively.
Eberswald was located in the Soviet zone of occupation which would soon become East Germany and football leagues separate from those in the western half of the country would emerge. As was common in the east, the club would undergo a number of name changes playing first in 1948 as "ZSG Eintracht Eberswalde", as "BSG (Betriebssportgemeinschaft) Stahl Eberswalde" in 1950 and finally as "BSG Motor Eberswalde" beginning in 1952. A re-organization of the league structure that year meant that the club would no longer have to regularly face strong teams from Potsdam and Lausitz in their division and they capitalized by taking district titles in 1955 and 1956. They were not able, however, to make it through the subsequent playoff rounds into the second division DDR-Liga.
That failure dogged the club in five more attempts at promotion up to 1970 until they finally won promotion in 1972. Over the next decade "Eberswalde" found themselves in the position of being able to easily dominate the third division Bezirksliga Frankfurt/Oder, but not being good enough to stay up for any length of time in the DDR-Liga (II). After slipping again to third division play in 1984 they would win division titles in five of the next six seasons, but failed to make it through the promotion rounds back to second tier competition until after German re-unification in 1990. "BSG" changed its name to "SV Motor Eberswalde" and in 1995 the football section became independent as "FV Motor Eberswalde".
After the merger of the football leagues of the two Germany's "Eberswalde" took up play in the Amateur Oberliga Nordost-Nord (III) where they spent two seasons before being relegated to the fourth division. The club played in the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV) and in the last dozen years has typically earned lower table results, before being relegated to the Verbandsliga Brandenburg in 2007.
Stadium.
"FV Motor Eberswalde" plays its home fixtures in the Westend Stadion, built in 1951, which has a capacity of 4,000 spectators (200 seats).

</doc>
<doc id="9745613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745613" title="Hoffman Institute">
Hoffman Institute

The Hoffman Institute Foundation is a non-profit organization headquartered in the United States and is affiliated with Hoffman Institute International. As of 2008, Hoffman Institute International has centers in Argentina, Australia, Canada, France, Ireland, Brazil, Germany, Italy, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United States. The Hoffman Institute Foundation is governed by a board of 17 directors.
The Hoffman Institute Foundation delivers the Hoffman Quadrinity Process, an eight-day residential personal development program. 
History.
The Hoffman Process was founded by Bob Hoffman in 1967 and was originally called Fischer-Hoffman Psychic Therapy. Later the name changed to the Fischer-Hoffman Process, named after Hoffman and Siegfried Fischer. Formerly a 13-week program, it was changed to an eight-day format in 1985. In 1990, Tim Laurence and Serena Gordon started the Hoffman Process in the UK with the blessing of Bob Hoffman.
Research studies.
In 2003, Michael R. Levenson and Carolyn M. Aldwin of Oregon State University presented findings of a three-year grant research study of the Hoffman Quadrinity Process. Researchers found that participants in the Hoffman Process reported significant and lasting reductions in negative affect, coupled with significant and lasting increases in positive affect. Process participants also reported significantly increased physical energy and vitality. Their research was supported in part by grants from the Hoffman Institute, and from the Donner Canadian Foundation (a major funder of nature and arts as well as conservative political causes in Canada).

</doc>
<doc id="9745642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745642" title="Spring Fire">
Spring Fire

Spring Fire, is a 1952 paperback novel written by Marijane Meaker, under the pseudonym "Vin Packer". It is often considered to be the first lesbian pulp novel, although it also addresses issues of conformity in 1950s American society. The novel tells the story of Susan "Mitch" Mitchell, an awkward, lonely freshman at a Midwestern college who falls in love with Leda, her popular but troubled sorority sister. Published by Gold Medal Books, "Spring Fire" sold 1.5 million copies through at least three printings.
Cleis Press re-released the book in 2004 after extensive negotiations with Meaker, who had long denied permission over her feelings about the ending. Following the exposure of their relationship, Leda is committed to a mental institution and Mitch realizes she never loved Leda. Meaker later wrote, "I still cringe when I think about it. I never wanted it republished. It was too embarrassing." Meaker explained in the 2004 foreword that Dick Carroll, her editor at Gold Medal Books, told her that because the book would be sent through the mail, no references to homosexuality as an attractive life could be portrayed or postal inspectors would send it back to the publishing house. He said that one character must acknowledge that she is not a lesbian, and the other she's involved with "must be sick or crazy".
Background.
The story is based on an affair Meaker had in boarding school as a teenager. She was awkward and shy in a new school and fell in love with a more experienced, older girl. They traded love letters, and the other girl's mother found them on the eve of a weekend trip they were to take together. When the girl's mother approached her, "She said she'd rather kill herself than be like me," Meaker remembered.
She initially wished to title the book "Sorority Girl", but her business-minded editor changed the title to "Spring Fire" in order to confuse potential readers with the James A Michener title "The Fires of Spring".
Plot summary.
Susan ("Mitch") Mitchell is pledging to the Tri Epsilon sorority at fictional Cranston University. She is seen as a boon to the sorority due to her father's significant wealth, and the sorority is promised a new silverware set from the alumni if she is accepted. Large, ungainly, and shy, she is drawn to older sorority member Leda Taylor who is direct and independent; they become roommates and have double dates--Leda with boyfriend Jake and Mitch with the sullen, boorish president of the "Sig Eps" who humiliates her during a fraternity party. Mitch flees the party after striking the fraternity president on the head and the sorority is blackballed. Much-more-experienced Leda trades her exasperation with Mitch's innocence with overt affection for her in rapid mood switches.
To avoid further exclusion, Mitch is persuaded by her sorority to invite the fraternity president to a dance at the sorority house, where he rapes her after getting her drunk. Afterwards Leda finds her stunned and calms her down by telling her how much she loves her. They begin a secret affair while Leda publicly continues dating Jake, whom she tells Mitch she rather despises, and Mitch going with relatively harmless "independents" (non-fraternity boys), which is frowned-on by the sorority leaders.
Mitch's only friend in the pledge class is kicked out of the sorority after getting home at 1 AM because her date had a flat tire. Leda tries to teach Mitch that they must put men first so they aren't disrespected, but they may love each other in private. Leda's promiscuous, alcoholic young mother visits, and Leda tries to test Mitch so she's able to answer her mother's questions about men, but Mitch is shy and reluctant to lie about her feelings. But after her mother leaves, Leda apologizes for ignoring Mitch, shows her affection again, and tries to reassure her that they aren't lesbians.
Mitch tries to sleep with her date to see if he makes her feel the way Leda does, but he is unable to perform. Convinced that she is abnormal and infectious and that Leda is a temptation, Mitch writes to Leda telling her she's leaving the sorority. Leda tries to stop her by seducing her again, but their sorority sisters enter the room and see what is happening. In an emergency meeting, Leda reads the sisters Mitch's heartfelt letter and explains that Mitch has had a crush on her and the sisters had seen Mitch attacking Leda.
While the Dean of Women interrogates Mitch, Leda gets drunk and wallows in her guilt for selling Mitch out to the sorority. When the Dean asks to see Leda, sorority members find her sobering up, but she is still not sober enough to drive and she crashes the car; in the aftermath, witnesses hear her calling out deliriously for Mitch. Her injuries are serious enough that she is hospitalized for 3 days, during which Mitch moves out of the sorority house and back into the dorm. They meet a final time when the Dean drives Mitch to visit Leda in the hospital; the tenuous confrontation leaves Leda laughing and crying simultaneously as Mitch departs. The day the sorority's new silverware set arrives, they learn that Leda has had a complete nervous breakdown and is to be institutionalized. Mitch begins new friendships as she realizes that she never really loved Leda after all.
Impact.
Released as a pulp fiction novel solely because of its content, "Spring Fire" was sold in train and bus station kiosks and drug stores with other sensationalist books about crime, drugs, gangsters, and cowboys. Although it was not reviewed by any renowned literary critiques, "Spring Fire" sold more copies in 1952 than "The Postman Always Rings Twice" by James M. Cain and "My Cousin Rachel" by Daphne du Maurier, also released the same year. When the paper in pulp novels was not designed to last more than a year, "Spring Fire" went through three printings, eventually selling nearly 1.5 million copies. Its success earned Meaker an invitation to meet Roger Fawcett, the owner of Gold Medal Books' parent company, who wanted to, "shake the hand of the writer who outsold "God's Little Acre" (Erskine Caldwell)."
"Spring Fire" inspired other serious writers in the lesbian pulp fiction genre such as Ann Bannon and Valerie Taylor, and indeed, proved so profitable that the genre attracted (usually male) writers whose books exploited the topic of lesbianism. In short, it launched an entire genre of fiction.
In 1989, Meaker spoke about realizing the impact the book had while she was working at Gold Medal Books: ""Spring Fire" was not aimed at any lesbian market, because there wasn’t any that we knew about. I was just out of college. We were amazed, floored, by the mail that poured in. That was the first time anyone was aware of the gay audience out there."
In 2004 upon the re-release of the Cleis Press edition, a reviewer noted, ""Spring Fire" not only plays a vital pioneering role in lesbian writing, it’s also as a warning of how difficult things could be. It’s ironic that Spring Fire was released now, when we need it the most, to remind us of the incredible courage of those who came before, the enormity of what has been accomplished, and why we must remain vigil, and treasure and protect every step forward we’ve managed to take."

</doc>
<doc id="9745651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745651" title="Joseph Dupont (bishop)">
Joseph Dupont (bishop)

Joseph-Marie-Stanislas Dupont (23 July 1850 – 19 March 1930), nicknamed Moto Moto ('fire fire') by the Bemba people was a French Catholic missionary bishop, who was a pioneer in Zambia's Northern Province (then part of North-Eastern Rhodesia) from 1885 to 1911. He persuaded the Bemba, feared by the Europeans colonizers and by neighbouring tribes, to allow him to become the first missionary into their territory around Kasama. At the time the British South Africa Company (BSAC) chartered by Britain to administer North-Eastern Rhodesia was not in control of all the territory.
Origins.
Dupont was born in Gesté, Maine et Loire, on 23 July 1850 to a peasant family. After a short and quite successful military service, he studied to become a member of the White Fathers missionary society, now called the Society of the Missionaries of Africa. He was ordained a priest on 21 December 1878, and took his oath as a member of the White Fathers the following year. He was then sent to teach at the College of Saint-Louis of Carthage at Thibar in the French protectorate of Tunisia, now in the Béja Governorate. He was later sent to the Karema Mission on Lake Tanganyika in 1892.
Early years in Africa.
The White Fathers had arrived at Mponda, west of Lake Nyasa, in 1885, and in 1891 had moved up the Stevenson Road which had been built to connect Nyasa with Lake Tanganyika, stopping at Mambwe Mwela. They attempted to set up in Bemba lands but the Paramount Chief of the Bemba, the Chitimukulu, was fiercely opposed to any incursion by missionaries. When Dupont arrived at Mambwe in 1895 he found that some of the independently-minded Bemba Senior Chiefs were not opposed, and one of them, Makasa at Kayambi, gave Dupont a foothold in his area in 1895. Dupont tried to expand into the Bemba heartland and though gaining favour from many of the chiefs, was still opposed by the Chitimukulu.
A story goes that one day the Chitimukulu (VII Sampa Kapalakasha) sent two warriors armed with bows and arrows to kill Dupont, and they hid to ambush him where he used to shoot guinea fowl. Suddenly a bird burst from the bush and Dupont hit it with a single shot and it landed almost on the head of one of the warriors. This put them in such awe of his power that they stayed hidden and did nothing.
In 1897 Dupont was appointed the first Vicar Apostolic of Nyassa, which covered today's Malawi and the whole northern half of present-day Zambia. He was consecrated the Titular bishop of Thibaris on 15 August 1897 by Bishop Adolphe Le Chaptois, M. Afr.
There are several versions of the origin of the nickname 'Moto Moto' (fire fire). One is that it was in recognition of his energy, another that Dupont smoked a pipe and was constantly calling for a light, another was that it was a Chewa war cry from the Nyasa area, another, more unlikely, that he had an early kind of motorbike.
The Chieftainship succession crisis.
In 1896 Chitimukulu VII Sampa Kapalakasha died and the title remained vacant while the succession was worked out. Dupont tried to get permission from the most powerful Senior Chief, Mwamba III at Milungu, to expand the mission but was rejected. However in 1898 Chief Mwamba fell ill and sent for Dupont, who had some medical skills and a reputation for healing. Before the chief died the next year he and his council were sufficiently impressed by Dupont's help they asked him to succeed as chief. This provoked a crisis because, firstly, the coronation of a new chief required human sacrifice, and, secondly, a Bemba civil war threatened over the succession of the Chitimukulu. At first Dupont, who had become very knowledgeable about Bemba culture and traditions, agreed to act as chief to forestall trouble, joking that he should take on Chief Mwamba's wives. Meanwhile he gathered support from the 33 subordinate Bemba chiefs for his next action.
British control of the Bemba.
To avoid bloodshed Dupont asked the BSAC administration based in Fort Jameson to take control of the Bemba lands. On 3 November 1898 the BSAC sent Charles MacKinnon and R.A. 'Bobo' Young from Mbala with a force which did the job and paved the way for a new Chitimukulu and Chief Mwamba to be installed and eventually led to a BSAC boma being based in Kasama.
Despite the fact that this must have been one of the few occasions in history when a Frenchman pushed a territory into the British Empire, MacKinnon in particular was opposed to Dupont's presence in the country, not only because of the strife which it caused with the Chitimukulu, but also because Protestant missionaries of the London Missionary Society had set up in Mackinnon's district of Mbala and there were some rivalries with the Catholic White Fathers. To Dupont's amazement Mackinnon told him that he had no permission to remain there, according to orders of the new Administrator, Robert Codrington. Dupont protested that it was he who had opened up the Bemba to British control, and he stayed put. Codrington accepted the reality of the situation, and as a gesture of reconciliation and gratitude invited Dupont to sit beside him at the installation of the next chief in 1899.
1900–1930.
In 1899 Dupont founded the Chilubi Mission enclave, which still stands today near Kayambi. Later he had some quarrels with colleagues who found his discipline too military and who felt he devoted to much attention to the Bemba and not enough to many other groups living in the huge area of the Vicariate.
Dupont resigned his office on 28 February 1911 and left for Thibar in Tunisia, where he died in 1930 and was buried. His remains were re-buried at the church he had built at Chilubi at a ceremony on 15 December 2000. 
The Moto Moto Museum in Mbala is named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="9745678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745678" title="Anthony Theodore Lobo">
Anthony Theodore Lobo

Anthony Theodore Felix Lobo (July 4, 1937 - February 18, 2013) was a Pakistani Roman Catholic bishop. On June 8, 1982 he was appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Karachi by Pope John Paul II. On 28 May 1993 he became Bishop of Islamabad–Rawalpindi.
Lobo was born in Karachi, Pakistan on July 4, 1937, to Joseph and Ermina Lobo, Catholics of Goan origin. He received his early education at Saint Patrick's High School and his religious training at the Christ the King seminary in Karachi, and was ordained a priest in Karachi on January 8, 1961. He also has degrees from the University of Karachi, Harvard and Paris.
Bishop Lobo made important contributions to education in the country. He was Principal of St. Lawrence's Boys School, Karachi and later of Saint Patrick's High School, Karachi. In November 1986 he founded St. Michael's Convent School. He was the author of many books on education. In recognition of his services to the cause of literature and education, the President of Pakistan conferred on him the President's "Pride of Performance " Award in 1990.
In Order to bring change to the Pakistani education system, he sought assistance from Australia to create the Notre Dame Institute of Education in Karachi in 1991.
Bishop Lobo also served in the following positions:
On February 18, 2010, Bishop Lobo resigned as Bishop of Islamabad-Rawalpindi due to ill health and was automatically succeeded by Bishop Rufin Anthony.
Bishop Lobo died on the morning of February 18, 2013 at Rawalpindi-Islamabad, Pakistan

</doc>
<doc id="9745687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745687" title="Drury Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Drury Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Drury Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 797 and it contained 328 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 92.38%) is land and (or 7.62%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9745695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745695" title="Ermengol VIII, Count of Urgell">
Ermengol VIII, Count of Urgell

Ermengol (or Armengol) VIII (1158–1208), known as "el de Sant Hilari", was the Count of Urgell from 1184 to his death. He was a son of Ermengol VII and Dulce, daughter of Roger III of Foix.
In 1178, he married Elvira of Subirats, with whom he had an only daughter, Aurembiaix.
During his reign, the decline of his house was initiated at the hands of the viscounts of Àger. In 1206, a period of disorder commenced owing to the ambitions of Guerau IV of Cabrera, who disputed the right of Aurembiaix to succeed. Ermengol extracted a promise from Peter II of Aragon to defend the rights of his widow and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9745729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745729" title="Edgington Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Edgington Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Edgington Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,508 and it contained 643 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9745735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745735" title="We All Belong">
We All Belong

We All Belong is the fourth album by Dr. Dog. It was released on February 27, 2007. The album finds the band adding more to their typical indie-rock sound, including a wider variety of instruments and psychedelic group harmony. The entire record, as well as the preceding "Takers and Leavers" EP, was recorded on 24-track tape. This album was number 39 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the Top 50 Albums of 2007. The song "Old News" was number 40 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007. The album was twice sampled by rapper Chiddy Bang, "Ain't It Strange" on "Grab a Plate" and "My Old Ways" by The Preview's "Old Ways".
Credits.
Dr. Dog is:
Additional Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="9745753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745753" title="Carla Laemmle">
Carla Laemmle

Rebekah Isabelle "Carla" Laemmle (October 20, 1909 – June 12, 2014) was an American actress of German Jewish descent, and the niece of Universal Pictures studio founder Carl Laemmle. She was a movie actress in the 1920s and 1930s, and one of the longest surviving actors of the silent film era.
Career.
Laemmle entered films in 1925, as "Carla Laemmle", in an uncredited role as a ballet dancer in the original silent film version of "The Phantom of the Opera" (1925) and later had a small role in the early talkie version of "Dracula" (1931). In that classic film, she portrayed (again uncredited) a bespectacled passenger riding in a bumpy horse-drawn carriage with Renfield as he is traveling to Dracula's castle. 
In the documentary "The Road to Dracula" (1999), she proudly stated: "I had the privilege of speaking the first lines of dialogue in the first talking supernatural thriller". Laemmle continued to appear in small roles until the late 1930s, when she disappeared from the movie screen. She briefly came out of retirement to play a vampire in "The Vampire Hunters Club" (2001).
In 2009 the book "Growing Up With Monsters: My Times at Universal Studios in Rhymes", co-authored by Carla Laemmle and Daniel Kinske, was released. The book details her life at Universal Studios from 1921 to 1937. On October 20, 2009, she celebrated her 100th birthday with a guestlist which included Ray Bradbury, George Clayton Johnson, Bela Lugosi, Jr., Sara Karloff and Ron Chaney.
On October 3, 2010 she appeared in BBC Four documentary "A History of Horror with Mark Gatiss", sharing memories of her early film work with Lon Chaney and Bela Lugosi. She recited her opening lines from "Dracula". 
In November 2010 she made an appearance in the documentary "Moguls and Movie Stars: A History of Hollywood" for Turner Classic Movies and in May 2011 she appeared in "Paul Merton's Birth of Hollywood" on the BBC. In March 2012, Turner Classic Movies presented a screening of "Dracula", Laemmle appeared at the screening in connection with its Classic Movie Festival. 
Death.
She died at her home in Los Angeles at the age of 104 on June 12, 2014. She never married and had no children. Her closest survivor is a great-niece, Rosemary Hilb.

</doc>
<doc id="9745788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745788" title="Eduardo Tuzzio">
Eduardo Tuzzio

Eduardo Nicolás Tuzzio (born 31 July 1974) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Ferro Carril Oeste in the Primera B Nacional in Argentina. He also holds an Italian passport.
Career.
Tuzzio began his professional career in 1993 with San Lorenzo de Almagro. In 1995, he was loaned to Quilmes, staying there just one season before returning to San Lorenzo. In 2001, he was transferred to Olympique Marseille in France's Ligue 1, where he played for two seasons. He returned to Argentina joining River Plate in 2003. He played one season on loan for RCD Mallorca in Spain's La Liga, before returning to River in 2006.
Tuzzio transferred to Independiente following the 2008 Apertura.
International career.
Tuzzio was called up to training with the Argentina national football team in preparation for the 2007 Copa América. However, he was not part of the final squad. He earned his second cap against Chile on 18 April 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9745801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745801" title="West Side Tennis Club">
West Side Tennis Club

The West Side Tennis Club is a private tennis club located in Forest Hills, a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Queens. The Club has 38 tennis courts in all four surfaces (clay court, Har-Tru, grass court and hardcourt), a junior Olympic swimming pool and other amenities. It was the home of the Forest Hills Tennis Stadium or the West Side Stadium.
It is most notable for hosting the US Open Tennis Championships a total of 60 times, first from 1915 to 1920, and then again from 1924 to 1977. In addition, the finals of the Davis Cup were held at the club 10 times, more than any other venue. The US Pro tournament was held at the venue 11 times, and another big professional tournament, the Tournament of Champions, was held at the venue 3 times. The West Side Tennis Club was the venue of the Forest Hills Tennis Classic, a now-defunct WTA Tour Tier IV event, and a men's challenger event. The Open saw some of its biggest moments and changes while at West Side, including the introduction of seedings in 1927, tiebreakers in 1970, equal prize money for men and women in 1973, and night play in 1975.
History.
The club was founded in 1892 when 13 original members rented land on Central Park West for three clay courts and a small clubhouse. Ten years later, the land had become too valuable, and the club moved to a site near Columbia University with room for eight courts. In 1908, the club moved again to a property at 238th Street and Broadway. The new site covered two city blocks and had 12 grass courts and 15 clay courts.
The club hosted the International Lawn Tennis Challenge (now known as the Davis Cup) in 1911. With crowds in the thousands, the club leadership realized that it would need to expand to a more permanent location. In 1912, a site in Forest Hills, Queens, was purchased. The signature Tudor-style clubhouse was built the next year.
In 1915, the "United States Lawn Tennis Association National Championship", later renamed the U.S. Open, moved to West Side. By 1923, the success of the event necessitated the construction of a 14,000-seat horseshoe-shaped stadium that still stands today. The stadium's first event was the final of the International Lawn Tennis Challenge, which saw the U.S. defeat Australia. 
Althea Gibson became the first black player to play in a Grand Slam event in 1950 (in 1957 she became the first black player to win the tournament), and Billie Jean King was the first player to win a Grand Slam event with a metal racquet in 1967. In 1968, the year of the first televised broadcast of the US Open, Arthur Ashe became the first black man to win a Grand Slam tournament there. 
In 1975, the tournament was switched to Har-Tru clay courts. By 1978, the tournament had outgrown West Side, and the USTA moved the tournament to its new site in Flushing Meadows. 
In 2008, the stadium was the site of a women's satellite tournament.
In 2010, the club owners received an offer to raze the stadium and replace it with condominiums. The stadium, called a "crumbling ruin" by WNYC, 
was in 2011 denied landmark status by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission.
Other stadium uses.
In addition to tennis, the West Side Stadium was used as a venue for many concerts, including ones by high-profile stars like Linda Ronstadt, Frank Sinatra, The Supremes, Bob Dylan, The Beatles, Jimi Hendrix, The Who, and Donna Summer. This venue was the location for the Forest Hills Music Festival. 
The Alfred Hitchcock film "Strangers on a Train" (1951) was filmed in part during the 1950 Davis Cup
In the summer of 2013, the club was used as the venue for a Mumford & Sons concert. This concert served as a test for the stadium/club to see if the neighborhood would be able to handle such events. Common issues were bad cellular phone connections among other things. Security and crowd control were present along with NYPD officers ensuring maximum safety for both residents of the Forest Hills community and guests to the stadium. 

</doc>
<doc id="9745874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745874" title="Hampton Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Hampton Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Hampton Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 21,711 and it contained 9,119 housing units.
Early history.
The first birth in Hampton Township was Mary Ann McNeal, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry McNeal, born Oct. 5, 1832.
The first death occurred in 1829 on board the steamer Josephine. A woman from England was on her way to Galena to visit her son, and died just as the boat was landing. She was buried in Hampton.
In 1833 the first school in the township was established in a log cabin which had previously been used as a dwelling.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 93.59%) is land and (or 6.41%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9745876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745876" title="KZAP">
KZAP

KZAP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9745913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745913" title="Mount Diablo High School">
Mount Diablo High School

Academies.
The school features several specialized programs, known as "academies". Originally these were opt-in; a student could join an academy or choose to pursue their education without taking academy classes. However, beginning in 2012 all current sophomores and freshmen and all incoming students were required to enroll in one of four academies. In part because this decision had been controversial, a year after the requirement was imposed the school district assigned a new principal to MDHS.
In an academy, several courses are planned and sometimes even taught by a collaborating team of teachers; readings in English, for example, might be selected to complement the themes being covered in the academy's history or science classes. The four academies are these:
MDHS also has an active Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps (JROTC). At one time, it also offered a FAME (Fine Arts, Media, Entertainment) Academy.
Reputation.
Because MDHS serves more low-income families than are found anywhere else in central Contra Costa County, it has lower test scores and a slightly higher rate of disciplinary problems than other nearby schools.
History.
Although there were grammar schools in the area throughout the 1890s, the nearest high schools were in Berkeley and Oakland. In 1901, voters established what was then known as the "Mount Diablo Union High School District", and classes were held in various temporary locations for the first two years, including the grammar school on Willow Pass Road and the Odd Fellows hall at the corner of what are now Salvio and Colfax streets. On 14 February 1903, district trustees voted to construct the first MDHS building, which opened in 1904 and was torn down in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="9745938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745938" title="Moline Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Moline Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Moline Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 23,529 and it contained 10,314 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 83.53%) is land and (or 16.47%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9745992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9745992" title="Port Byron Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Port Byron Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Port Byron Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,446 and it contained 704 housing units. Located on the Mississippi river. The major business is Sandstrum Industries with John Deere 15 minutes down state Hy 84 to the south. The John Deere corporate headquarters is in Moline 20 minutes south. Locally Port Byron has six bars and restaurants from fine dining to burgers and chili. Located 2 miles north of the Interstate 80 bridge over the Mississippi River on Illinois route 84, Port Byron is also on the Mississippi River Flyway for migrating birds. Thousands of species can be seen as they travel from Canada to the Gulf Coast espiecally the Pelicans in summer and the Eagles in winter.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 71.00%) is land and (or 29.00%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9746001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746001" title="ISconf">
ISconf

ISconf is a tool to execute commands and replicate files on all nodes of a computer park. The nodes need not to be up; the commands will be executed when they boot. The system has no central server so commands can be launched from any node and they will replicate to all nodes.

</doc>
<doc id="9746011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746011" title="Kenosha News">
Kenosha News

The Kenosha News is a 22,000 daily, 26,000 Sunday (http://www.auditedmedia.com/) morning daily newspaper published in Kenosha, Wisconsin, USA, serving southeastern Wisconsin and northeastern Illinois. It is the original and flagship property of United Communications Corporation.
The "News" also prints a 34,000-circulation weekly shopper, "KNentertain" and a weekly 22,000-circulation newspaper, the "Zion-Benton News & Bargaineer".
Early years.
The "Kenosha Evening News" was first published on the afternoon of October 22, 1894. During its first two years of publication, the newspaper had a circulation of fewer than 400 copies. The number of copies sold daily increased to 1,100 at the turn of the twentieth century, and to more than 3,000 by 1915. During the years after World War I, the number of daily newspaper sales tripled, to nearly 10,000 in 1925. By 1947, the figure topped 18,000. Today’s "Kenosha News" circulation averages around 25,000 copies.
The "Kenosha Evening News" had been the dream of Frank Haydon Hall, whose ambition was to establish a daily newspaper for the growing community where he had settled a few years before. In those days, it was common for a newspaper to openly support one of the political parties, and the "Evening News" was no exception. It would be, Hall declared, “dedicated to the principles” of the then-dominant Republican Party.
In August 1891, Hall, who was also a partner in a large Chicago printing firm, purchased Kenosha’s half-century-old "Telegraph-Courier" from Levi Cass. The venerable weekly, which continued as a sister publication to the "Evening News", became the springboard for Hall’s new daily.
The early "Evening News" was a simple six-column, four-page broadsheet, printed on a cylinder press and folded by hand. Its first subscriber, reportedly, was Johnson A. Jackson, secretary-treasurer of a local factory that manufactured baby furniture. Its second was Eugene R. Head, who, two years later, would own the "Evening News".
In the earliest days, national and world news was reprinted, mostly from Chicago and Milwaukee papers, with the inevitable delays. In 1898, during the Spanish-American War, the "News" tentatively experimented with a more timely approach. It received a brief daily telegraphed summary of war news from the American Press Association.
For the first seven years of "Evening News" George W. Johnston was city editor, the paper’s only reporter and general jack-of-all-trades. He later bought his own newspaper, becoming editor and publisher of the "Campbellsport News".
In early 1896, Hall decided to sell the "Evening News" and "Telegraph-Courier" to Head, a member of one of Kenosha’s best known families. Until he purchased the papers, the 30-year-old Head had been associated with his father’s lumber business. Head ran the business and wrote editorials, with Johnston continuing to gather and write the local news. In 1897, they were joined by George P. Hewitt of Appleton, Wisconsin. The new partners formed a successful team, with Head managing the business end of things, and Hewitt, a trained newsman, handling the editorial duties.
Almost immediately, Head and Hewitt abandoned the old practice of having “boilerplate” pages, non-timely “news,” feature material, serial novels and the like, printed in Chicago. The "Kenosha Evening News" became one of the first “homeprint” newspapers in Wisconsin, with the entire issue printed locally in its downtown plant.
Head and Hewitt also built a thriving real estate company. During the partnership’s first several years, substantial profits from land dealing were plowed back into the newspaper. In 1898, to accommodate advertising demands, the size of the daily was doubled, from four to eight pages. By the end of the nineteenth century, the "Evening News" was on a solid business footing.
Early 20th century.
In 1901, George Hewitt left the "Evening News" to enter the automobile industry. His interest in the paper was sold to Samuel S. Simmons, a member of another prominent Kenosha family and nephew of local industrial giant Zalmon G. Simmons of the Simmons Bedding Company.
Genial Sam Simmons left a position with the Chicago Gas Company to edit his hometown daily newspaper. The new partnership of Eugene Head and Simmons continued until 1913, when they incorporated as the Head-Simmons Publishing Co.
When Hewitt left the paper in 1901, so did George Johnston, who was replaced as city editor by Walter T. Marlatt, a Hoosier and the first of a family of newsmen who would be associated with the "Evening News" for a half century.
In 1903, the linotype and a technique called stereotyping, a process for molding semi-circular printing plates for the new rotary press, were introduced. Before the newspaper got its first linotype machine – it would add two more in 1913 and, eventually own 13 before they were replaced by computer-generated typesetting in the 1970s – all type was hand set.
The linotype machine did away with the letter-by-letter, line-by-line manual task, casting entire lines of type in molten metal, 550 degrees hot. The linotype was an automatic, keyboard-operated machine that had been invented about 20 years earlier and still was not in common use. The linotype clicked and clacked, whirred and vibrated. One by one, slugs of lead type were molded, a line at a time, six lines a minute, 360 an hour. A typical operator might set 10,000 words of newspaper copy each work shift.
On September 7, 1915, Eugene Head died suddenly at the age of 48. Head had taken the struggling newspaper and built it into one of the most successful dailies in southern Wisconsin in less than 20 years. His death brought a reorganization of Head-Simmons Publishing Co., with Sam Simmons filling the vacant office of publisher.
City editor Walter Marlatt became editor. Marlatt had begun his journalism career in 1889 as a cub reporter in Indiana. After newspaper jobs in Indianapolis, Philadelphia, New York and Chicago, he had come to Kenosha in 1896 as headmaster of a private school. He joined the "Evening News" after a short stint as editor of the weekly "Kenosha Daily Union".
Ralph S. Kingsley, who started as bookkeeper in 1908 and advanced to assistant business manager, became business manager. Eugene’s son, Clarence E. Head, who joined the paper in 1913 and would remain active in its management for nearly 59 years, was named assistant business manager.
On March 8, 1917, Simmons died suddenly at age 47. The death of the well-liked publisher caused a major disruption of the business for almost eight months, until Simmons’ estate was settled.
In October 1917, a new company, the Kenosha News Publishing Co., was organized by Marlatt, Kingsley and Clarence Head. It purchased the entire holdings of the Head-Simmons Publishing Co., and took over the newspaper and the large printing establishment. Marlatt became president, Head became vice president and assistant business manager and Kingsley served as secretary-treasurer and business manager.
Marlatt was an energetic and enlightened progressive, actively promoting a number of important civic causes. He served on the city council for six years and was considered the father of Kenosha’s public health and park ordinances.
It was during Marlatt’s watch that the "Evening News" took on some of the key editorial elements of a modern newspaper, including a sports page and a society section that, unlike many Wisconsin papers of that era, was allowed to give fair coverage to the women’s suffrage movement.
In the summer of 1914, the paper joined the Associated Press and received a bulletin service by long distance telephone, supplemented by mailed releases. Then, for several years, the "Evening News" relied on a telegraphed bulletin service, usually not more than a single column of late news each day.
In 1917, United Press service was added to AP, an hour and a half a day of telegraphed news highlights. Two years later, AP’s full-time leased wire service was installed. At that time, the newspaper hired Charlotte “Charlie” Oakes, an experienced operator from South Dakota to monitor the machine that transcribed the incoming news stories on a typewriter.
An automatic teletype machine, which was 50 percent faster than the best Morse operator, was introduced to the newsroom in 1926. It could produce both typed copy and punched ticker tape to be fed directly into the linotypes. These clattering devices continued to bring the world to the "Evening News" editorial office until the advent of a computerized system in the mid-1970s.
Wire service news gave the local paper an advantage over its Milwaukee and Chicago newsstand rivals. Besides its coverage of local happenings, the "Evening News" could, because of its later deadlines, bring readers more late-breaking national and international news than the competing big city papers. Later, in 1922, radio added another dimension to "Evening News" coverage of events elsewhere in the country and the world. A powerful receiver was installed in the editor’s office and monitored for breaking news reports.
The first news of President Warren Harding's death in August 1923 reached the editorial office by radio. Radio broadcasts also usually beat the wire services with sports scores and stock market reports.
The "Evening News" also subscribed to the Newspaper Enterprise Association, which supplied features, non-timely interpretive stories, illustrations and photographs in matrix form. The National Newspaper Syndicate also furnished feature materials, including such comic strips as “Salesman Sam” and “The Duffs.”
In its early days, the "Evening News" could be purchased at the newspaper’s office, or from newsstands or “street boys.” In later years, home delivery was left to a series of independent dealers. That all changed April 1, 1921, when the company organized its own “guaranteed” delivery service to some 700 Kenosha homes. Within three years, 4,000 homes in the city and in other smaller communities in Kenosha County were getting doorstep delivery.
By the newspaper’s 30th anniversary, in 1924, there were 80 people on its payroll and 58 carrier boys delivering papers throughout the county.
In April 1925, Walter Marlatt became ill at his desk and died a short time later at home. His brother, city editor Ernest F. Marlatt, was promoted to editor and corporate secretary. The younger Marlatt, with a master’s degree from Harvard, had come to the "News" in 1917 from Indiana, where he had been a high school principal and superintendent of schools. As city editor, he supervised the two general assignment reporters who covered government, police and courts. He remained in the editor’s chair for 23 years, during which time his staff grew to eight.
Business operations were assumed by Kingsley, who became publisher and president. He led the corporation until his death in 1963, guiding the newspaper safely though the Depression. He also was active in numerous civic efforts such as Kenosha Youth Foundation, United Fund and the Chamber of Commerce.
Meanwhile, the circulation of the "Evening News", under the guidance of Willis H. Schulte, had shifted almost entirely to home delivery, through the development of a carrier-merchant plan. The "News" also became a member of the Audit Bureau of Circulations, assuring advertisers of accurate circulation figures.
Schulte, who began his long association with the paper as a seven-year-old newsboy in 1914, was 17 when he was placed in charge of circulation. As his career progressed into six decades, it was estimated that he had supervised and influenced some 6,500 newspaper carrier boys and girls. In later years, his work was carried on in the circulation department, first by Frank Sisk, and now by James F. Jones.
After World War II.
As World War II ended, so did the century-long history of the "Evening News"’ companion publication, the "Telegraph-Courier". Since 1894 the weekly "Telegraph-Courier" had served Kenoshans who preferred a summary of six days’ worth of local events.
Shortly before the formal opening of the remodeled building, longtime editor Ernie Marlatt suffered a heart attack at his desk and died. However, the Marlatt name, in the person of his nephew, Walter “Bus” Marlatt Jr., outdoor writer and conservationist, continued at the paper for another decade.
F. Lee Hancock, an experienced newsman from Superior, Wisconsin, arrived as managing editor in June 1947. When Marlatt died, he assumed direction of the newsroom, and, eventually, in 1963, was formally promoted to editor.
Jim Barnhill, the newspaper’s sports editor and, incidentally, a professional football official, replaced Hancock as managing editor. 
Willis H. Schulte became general manager in 1955, and, corporate president upon Ralph S. Kingsley’s death in 1963. After Bill Schulte died on April 26, 1979, his long record of civic activities was recognized with the naming of a city park in his honor.
Since 1960.
In 1961, controlling interest in the Kenosha News passed to Howard J. Brown, a newspaperman with experience in Chicago, Cleveland and at several small dailies in the east. Brown said of the newspaper business, “It is not a business at all. Nor is it a way of life or even a philosophy. Newspapering, in short, is a delightful disease, the only cure for which is heavier doses of the same.”
On Monday, April 30, 1962, the 67-year-old "Kenosha Evening News" nameplate disappeared forever, replaced on the masthead by the "Kenosha News". The dropping of the word “Evening” was done quietly and without fanfare.
In the 1970s, the "Kenosha News" offices at Seventh Avenue and 58th Street underwent its third major remodeling, which included the replacement of its old letterpress with the first Goss Cosmo offset press ever built, and, perhaps the most revolutionary, computerized typesetting. Electronic journalism had driven “hot metal” from the newsroom’s back shop. They also introduced the popular "Kenosha Kid" article.
Editor Lee Hancock retired at the beginning of 1976, replaced by Richard D. Martin, who came to Kenosha after serving 10 years as editor of the "Chronicle-Tribune" in Marion, Indiana. Martin was only the eighth editor in the newspaper’s 100-year history.
The paper was published just six days a week, Monday through Saturday. In May 1980, the slim Saturday edition was dropped, replaced by the multi-section Sunday "Kenosha News". The loss of the Saturday paper was not popular, however, and seven years later, on May 9, 1987, the "News" returned to Saturday publication, becoming a true 7-day-a-week daily.
The daily newspaper, in time, became one element in a larger corporate structure called United Communications Corporation. In December 1988, Eugene Schulte, Willis’ son and long a part of the "News"’ management team, became senior vice president of the corporation.
On August 12, 1991, the "Kenosha News" became a morning newspaper. The move from afternoon to morning was explained as a response to changing advertising needs and reader lifestyles.
In 1992, Kenneth L. Dowdell, director of public service, and Ronald J. Montemurro, controller of United Communications Corporation, were named corporate vice presidents. Fred E. Ricker became "Kenosha News" controller in 1993.
On December 31, 1995, editor Richard D. Martin retired at age 62. During Martin’s tenure, the "News" won several awards for its news and photo coverage. In 1989, the "Kenosha News" was one of 74 finalists among 465 newspapers in an American Society of Newspaper Editors’ survey seeking excellence in small daily newspapers. 
Martin was replaced in mid-January 1996 by Craig W. Swanson, who was previously editor of the "Lincoln Journal", an afternoon newspaper that merged with the morning "Lincoln Star". Prior to working at the "Journal", Swanson spent four years as editor of the "Herald-Palladium" in St. Joseph, Michigan, and five years as editor of "The Mining Journal" in Marquette, Michigan. He began his newspaper career as a reporter at the "Daily News" in Iron Mountain, Michigan, in 1975. Swanson retired in 2009, citing personal reasons. 
Jon Losness assumed editorship in 2009. Howard Brown died in 2011. 
Today, United Communications Corporation has holdings from Minnesota to New England, including several television stations, smaller newspapers and shoppers, as well as the 48,000-circulation "Bulletin", which shares space in the "Kenosha News" building.
Buildings.
In 1894, the "Evening News"’ home was the “Flatiron” building, which still stands at 5901 Sixth Avenue, at the corner of Main and Park. Initially, the newspaper used only the first floor offices, and the pressroom was located in the building’s small basement. A few years later, it expanded to the upper floor, where a newsroom was established.
By 1903, the "Evening News" and "Telegraph-Courier" had outgrown the “Flatiron” building and moved to a building on the north side of Wisconsin Street. The building, which no longer stands, was located on today’s 600 block of 58th Street. With this move, the daily newspaper modernized, installing a Cranston perfecting press that could simultaneously print eight newspaper pages. Within five years, though, it already was outdated and was replaced with a web press that could print 8,000 copies per hour.
On March 7, 1913, in a front page story, the "Evening News" announced plans to erect a new newspaper plant one block west, on the opposite side of Wisconsin Street, today’s corner of Seventh Avenue and 58th Street. “It is proposed,” the story said, “to make this the permanent home of the "Kenosha Evening News".” Though the building has undergone three major remodelings and several additions, it remains the current home of the "Kenosha News".
The new fireproof brick newspaper plant was designed by Head, based on his experience in the printing business. In August 1913, the "Kenosha Evening News" moved into its new home. The offices, business and editorial departments, were located on the first floor, along with the job printing department, which had become an important income source for the Head-Simmons Publishing Co.
The job shop was responsible for printing, illustrating, cutting and binding of all kinds of labels, circulars, booklets and programs. It handled local publications like the Women’s Club bulletin and the high school newspaper, Kenews. Customers could have stationery, posters, handbills and many other items printed.
Installed in the building’s basement was the newspaper’s own brand-new high speed rotary color press, which printed 18,000 copies per hour and was the first of its kind in Wisconsin.
The entire second floor was built as a lodge hall and, for a number of years, was home to the Loyal Order of Moose. During World War I, the newspaper’s hall was turned into a recreation center for soldiers and sailors who visited from the northern Illinois training camps.
The "Evening News" again outgrew its facilities and an addition was constructed west of the existing building. When it formally opened February 19, 1924, the newspaper plant’s floor space doubled and the building’s general layout would continue for a quarter century.
The composing room, editorial and advertising offices were moved to the second floor. The job printing department was housed on the first floor. The basement area was used for storage, including a fireproof vault to store bound copies of local newspapers, some dating back as far as 1840. Amenities were impressive, a ladies rest room, tiled toilets, ample natural skylighting, a marble stairway and attractive decor.
In the addition’s basement a new Goss Straightline press was installed. It was a 30-ton, -high behemoth capable of printing 32-page newspapers with various color options at a speed of 25,000 copies per hour.
In 1948, the "News" building underwent a complete remodeling. The job printing shop disappeared, its first floor space given over to the business and advertising departments. The composing room was enlarged and a photo darkroom was installed.
Highlighting the renovation was the installation of a five-unit color press, three times the size of the one it replaced. It could print up to 80 pages at once, while cutting the press run of 18,000 copies to less than two hours. Through a large picture window fronting on 58th Street, passers by could watch the daily being printed.
The 1980s also saw the construction of a distribution center, including insertion equipment to accommodate the growth of preprinted advertising sections. 
Advertising changes.
Advertising always was this and every newspaper’s economic lifeblood. By 1920, it was clear that streamlining and specialization was needed in the advertising department. So business manager Ralph S. Kingsley divided it into two sections, one focusing on traditional display advertising by businesses, the other to handle the growing want ad columns. These small ads have appeared in the News since its first edition, when a dozen were lumped together in a daily bargain column, which, after a century, still survives as Kenosha Kernels.
Initially, the newspaper treated these few ads as something of a nuisance, a necessary nuisance, perhaps, but not a major revenue source. As their number grew, however, want ads claimed their own section of the newspaper and took on greater importance.
In 1905, approximately 65 want ads appeared daily and by 1910, there were about 100. This increased to perhaps 200 in 1920. Readers had come to rely on them to such an extent that the "News" bragged these little ads had become as much a public utility as the electric or telephone companies.
In 1923, the "Evening News" installed a new indexing system, the Basil L. Smith Co. National Standard, which divided all these advertisements into 11 main classifications, such as merchandise, real estate, business services. These were split into sub-categories, some 90 in all, making it easy for readers to quickly locate ads of interest to them.
Soon, the newspaper could say it ran more daily classifieds than any other Wisconsin publication, except one in Milwaukee. In 1925, it included some 300 to 500 daily, and today the number often tops 1,000, not including automobile, help wanted and real estate business ads also handled by the classified department.
Bob the Evening News Dog.
Editor-publisher Frank Haydon Hall had just three employees when the "Kenosha Evening News" started in 1894. A decade later, the staff had grown to a half dozen -- and Bob the "Evening News" Dog. According to legend, Bob, “a dog of genial nature and remarkable intelligence,” was brought to Kenosha as a pup around 1898, probably by the editor. For a dozen years, he was a regular fixture in the newspaper office.
Bob visited downtown shopkeepers and wagged greetings to countless friends, particularly the children. He had a reputation as “champion rat dog of the city,” which he proved by keeping the "Evening News" and neighboring buildings mostly rodent-free.
When the old dog died, October 7, 1910, his passing was marked with a page one eulogy: “He was taken with his fatal malady on Thursday and paid his last visit to his old haunts during the afternoon ... and when he reached his bed, he never left it. Death came as a result of advanced years. A good dog, a companionable little fellow, he will be greatly missed by those who had been accustomed to see him daily during his life!”

</doc>
<doc id="9746023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746023" title="Rock Island Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Rock Island Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Rock Island Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 17,776 and it contained 7,271 housing units.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 84.32%) is land and (or 15.68%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9746050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746050" title="Saint-Chrysostome, Quebec">
Saint-Chrysostome, Quebec

Saint-Chrysostome is a municipality in south-west Quebec, Canada in the regional county municipality of Haut-Saint-Laurent in the Montérégie administrative region. The municipality was created by the amalgamation of Saint-Chrysostome village with the parish of Saint-Jean-Chrysostome on September 29,1999. The population as of the Canada 2011 Census was 2,522.
Geography.
Communities.
The following locations reside within the municipality's boundaries:
Lakes & Rivers.
The following waterways pass through or are situated within the municipality's boundaries:
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9746070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746070" title="Rural Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
Rural Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

Rural Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 988 and it contained 389 housing units. Rural Township was formed from Coal Valley Township on an unknown date.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , all land.

</doc>
<doc id="9746076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746076" title="Rainer Blüm">
Rainer Blüm

Rainer Blüm is a German citizen from Bensheim who has pleaded guilty to producing and selling forged philatelic material, including cancellations and expertizing certifications.
One survey of his false postmarks identifies 200 town names and almost 600 distinct cancellations, most applied to relatively inexpensive German stamps from the first half of the twentieth century. In September 2006 he was sentenced to four years of probation.

</doc>
<doc id="9746077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746077" title="Premiership of Tony Blair">
Premiership of Tony Blair

The Premiership of Tony Blair began on 2 May 1997 and ended on 27 June 2007. While serving as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Blair concurrently served as the First Lord of the Treasury, the Minister for the Civil Service, the Leader of the Labour Party (until Gordon Brown was declared Labour leader on 24 June 2007), and a Member of Parliament for the constituency of Sedgefield in County Durham. He remains a Privy Counsellor having first been appointed in July 1994 when he became Leader of the Opposition. Blair is the Labour Party's longest-serving Prime Minister, and having led the party to three consecutive general election victories, the only Labour prime minister to serve two full consecutive terms.
Blair is both credited with and criticised for moving the Labour Party towards the centre of British politics, using the term "New Labour" to distinguish his pro-market policies from the more collectivist policies which the party had espoused in the past. 
In domestic government policy, Blair significantly increased public spending on health and education while also introducing controversial market-based reforms in these areas. In addition Blair's tenure saw the introduction of a minimum wage, tuition fees for higher education, constitutional reform such as devolution in Scotland and Wales, and progress in the Northern Ireland peace process. The British economy performed well and the real incomes of Britons grew 18 per cent during 1997-2006. Blair kept to Conservative commitments not to increase income tax in the first term although rates of Employee's National Insurance (a payroll levy) were increased. He also presided over a significant expansion of the welfare state during his time in office, which led to a significant reduction in poverty.
Blair strongly supported US foreign policy, notably by participating in the invasions of Afghanistan in 2001 and Iraq in 2003.
On 7 September 2006 Blair publicly stated he would step down as party leader by the time of the TUC conference in September 2007. On 10 May 2007 he announced his intention to resign as Prime Minister on 27 June 2007.
First term (1997–2001).
Independence for the Bank of England.
Immediately after taking office, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Gordon Brown gave the Bank of England the power to set the UK base rate of interest autonomously, as agreed in 1992 in the Treaty of Maastricht. This decision was popular with the British financial establishment in London, which the Labour Party had been courting since the early 1990s. Together with the Government's decision to remain within projected Conservative spending limits for its first two years in office, it helped to reassure sceptics of the Labour Party's fiscal "prudence".
Euro.
The Blair Government decided against joining the Eurozone, and adopting the Euro as the currency to replace the British Pound. This decision was generally supported by the British public, and by all political parties in Britain, as well as the media.
On 24 June 1998, The Sun newspaper had famously run the front page headline "IS THIS THE MOST DANGEROUS MAN IN BRITAIN?" when it was still uncertain whether Blair would lead Britain into the Euro or stick with the Sterling currency.
Domestic politics.
In the early years of his first term, Blair relied for his political advice on a close circle of his staff, among whom was his press secretary and official spokesman Alastair Campbell. Campbell was permitted to give orders to civil servants, who had previously taken instructions only from ministers. Unlike some of his predecessors, Campbell was a political appointee and had not come up through the Civil Service. Despite his overtly political role, he was paid from public funds as a civil servant. Also in Blair's team were a number of strong female aides, who acted as gatekeepers and go-betweens, including Anji Hunter, Kate Garvey, Ruth Turner and Sally Morgan.
A significant achievement of Blair's first term was the signing, on 10 April 1998, of the Belfast Agreement, generally known as the Good Friday Agreement. In the Good Friday Agreement, most Northern Irish political parties, together with the British and Irish Governments, agreed upon an "exclusively peaceful and democratic" framework for the governance of Northern Ireland and a new set of political institutions for the province. In November 1998 Blair became the first British Prime Minister to address Dáil Éireann. 
Blair's first term saw an extensive programme of changes to the constitution. The Human Rights Act was introduced in 1998; a Scottish Parliament and a Welsh Assembly were set up; most hereditary peers were removed from the House of Lords in 1999; the Greater London Authority and the post of Mayor of London were established in 2000; and the Freedom of Information Act was passed later in the same year, with its provisions coming into effect over the following decade. This last Act disappointed campaigners , whose hopes had been raised by a 1998 White Paper which had promised more robust legislation. Also, whether the House of Lords should be fully appointed, fully elected, or be subject to a combination of the two remains a disputed question. 2003 saw a series of inconclusive votes on the matter in the House of Commons.
Significant change took place to legislation relating to rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people during Blair's period in office. During his first term, the age of consent for gay sex was equalised at 16 (see Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act 2000) and the ban on gays in the armed forces was lifted. Subsequently, in 2005, a Civil Partnership Act came into effect, allowing gay couples to form legally recognised partnerships. At the end of September 2006 more than 30,000 Britons had entered into Civil Partnerships as a result of this law. Adoption by gay couples was legalised, and discrimination in the workplace (Employment Equality (Sexual Orientation) Regulations 2003), and in relation to the provision of goods and services (Equality Act (Sexual Orientation) Regulations) were both made illegal. Transgender people were given the right to change their birth certificate to reflect their new gender as a result of the Gender Recognition Act 2004. Tony Blair has, as a result of his achievements, become a popular figure among LGBT people.
Tony Blair's touch was less sure with regard to the Millennium Dome project. The incoming government greatly expanded the size of the project and consequently increased expectations of what would be delivered. Just before its opening Blair claimed the Dome would be "a triumph of confidence over cynicism, boldness over blandness, excellence over mediocrity". In the words of BBC correspondent Robert Orchard, "the Dome was to be highlighted as a glittering New Labour achievement in the next election manifesto".
Foreign policy.
In 1999, Blair planned and presided over the declaration of the Kosovo War. While in opposition, the Labour Party had criticised the Conservatives for their perceived weakness during the Bosnian war, and Blair was among those urging a strong line by NATO against Slobodan Milošević. Blair was criticised both by those on the Left who opposed the war in principle and by some others who believed that the Serbs were fighting a legitimate war of self-defence. One month into the war, on 22 April 1999, Blair made a speech in Chicago setting out his "Doctrine of the International Community". This later became known by the media as the "Blair doctrine", and played a part in Blair's decision to order the British military intervention in the Sierra Leone Civil War in May 2000.
Another significant change in 1997 was the creation of the Department for International Development, shifting global development policy away from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office to an independent ministry with a Cabinet-level minister.
Also in 1999, Blair was awarded the Charlemagne Award by the German city of Aachen for his contributions to the European ideal and to peace in Europe.
Second term (2001–2005).
In the 2001 general election campaign, Blair emphasised the theme of improving public services, notably the National Health Service and the State education system. The Conservatives concentrated on opposing British membership of the Euro, which did little to win over floating voters. The Labour Party preserved its majority, and Blair became the first Labour Prime Minister to win a full second term. However, the election was notable for a large fall in voter turnout.
War in Afghanistan.
Following the 11 September 2001 attacks on New York and Washington, Blair was very quick to align the UK with the United States, engaging in a round of shuttle diplomacy to help form and maintain an international coalition prior to the 2001 war against Afghanistan. He maintains his diplomatic activity to this day, showing a willingness to visit countries that other world leaders might consider too dangerous to visit. In 2003, he became the first Briton since Winston Churchill to be awarded a Congressional Gold Medal by the United States Congress for being "a staunch and steadfast ally of the United States of America", although media attention has been drawn to the fact that Blair has yet to attend the ceremony to receive his medal; some commentators pointed to the unpopularity in Britain of his support for the U.S. as the explanation for the delay. In 2003, Blair was also awarded an Ellis Island Medal of Honor for his support of the United States after 9/11—the first non-American to receive the honour.
Iraq war.
Blair gave strong support to US President George W. Bush's invasion of Iraq in 2003. He soon became the face of international support for the war, often clashing with French President Jacques Chirac, who became the face of international opposition. Widely regarded as a more persuasive speaker than Bush, Blair gave many speeches arguing for the overthrow of Saddam Hussein in the days leading up to the invasion.
Blair's case for war was based on Iraq's alleged possession of weapons of mass destruction and consequent violation of UN resolutions. He was wary of making direct appeals for regime change, since international law does not recognise this as a ground for war. A memorandum from a July 2002 meeting that was leaked in April 2005 showed that Blair believed that the British public would support regime change in the right political context; the document, however, stated that legal grounds for such action were weak. On 24 September 2002 the Government published a dossier based on the intelligence agencies' assessments of Iraq's weapons of mass destruction. Among the items in the dossier was a recently received intelligence report that "the Iraqi military are able to deploy chemical or biological weapons within 45 minutes of an order to do so". A further briefing paper on Iraq's alleged WMDs was issued to journalists in February 2003. This document was discovered to have taken a large part of its text without attribution from a PhD thesis available on the internet. Where the thesis hypothesised about possible WMDs, the Downing Street version presented the ideas as fact. The document subsequently became known as the "Dodgy Dossier".
Forty-six thousand British troops, one-third of the total strength of the British Army (land forces), were deployed to assist with the invasion of Iraq. When after the war, no WMDs were found in Iraq, the two dossiers, together with Blair's other pre-war statements, became an issue of considerable controversy. Many Labour Party members, including a number who had supported the war, were among the critics. Successive independent inquiries (including those by the Foreign Affairs Select Committee of the House of Commons, the senior judge Lord Hutton, and the former senior civil servant Lord Butler of Brockwell) have found that Blair honestly stated what he believed to be true at the time, though Lord Butler's report did imply that the Government's presentation of the intelligence evidence had been subject to some degree of exaggeration. These findings have not prevented frequent accusations that Blair was deliberately deceitful, and, during the 2005 election campaign, Conservative leader Michael Howard made political capital out of the issue.
Then Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, stated in September 2004 that the invasion was "illegal", but did not state the legal basis for this assertion. Prior to the war, the UK Attorney General Lord Goldsmith, who acts as the Government's legal adviser, had advised Blair that the war was legal.
British armed forces were active in southern Iraq to stabilise the country in the run-up to the Iraqi elections of January 2005. In October 2004, the UK government agreed to a request from US forces to send a battalion of the Black Watch regiment to the American sector in order to free up US troops for an assault on Fallujah. The subsequent deployment of the Black Watch was criticised by some in Britain on the grounds that its alleged ultimate purpose was to assist George Bush's re-election in the 2004 US presidential election. As of September 2006, seven thousand and five hundred British forces remain in Southern Iraq, around the city of Basra. After the presidential election, Blair tried to use his relationship with President Bush to persuade the US to devote efforts to resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
In an interview with David Frost on Al Jazeera in November 2006, Blair appeared to agree with Frost's assessment that the war had been "pretty much of a disaster", although a Downing Street spokesperson denied that this was an accurate reflection of Blair's view.
Domestic politics.
After fighting the 2001 election on the theme of improving public services, Blair's government raised taxes in 2002 (described by the Conservatives as "stealth taxes") in order to increase spending on education and health. Blair insisted the increased funding would have to be matched by internal reforms. The government introduced the Foundation Hospitals scheme to allow NHS hospitals financial autonomy, although the eventual shape of the proposals, after an internal struggle with Gordon Brown, allowed for less freedom than Blair had wished. But with the supply of healthcare services increasing less quickly than demand, benefits from the NHS have not yet increased to the same degree, and the NHS had an £800 million deficit for the 2005/6 financial year.
The peace process in Northern Ireland hit a series of problems. In October 2002, the Northern Ireland Assembly established under the Good Friday Agreement was suspended. Attempts to persuade the IRA to decommission its weapons were unsuccessful, and, in the second set of elections to the Assembly in November 2003, the staunchly unionist Democratic Unionist Party replaced the more moderate Ulster Unionist Party as Northern Ireland's largest unionist party, making a return to devolved government more difficult. At the same time, Sinn Féin replaced the more moderate SDLP as the province's largest nationalist party.
In its first term, the government had introduced an annual fixed tuition fee of around £1,000 for higher education students (rejecting requests from universities to be allowed to vary the fee), with reductions and exemptions for poorer students. At the same time, the remaining student maintenance grant was replaced with a low-interest loan, which was to be repaid once the student was earning over a certain threshold. In 2003, Blair introduced legislation permitting universities to charge variable fees of up to £3,000 per year. At the same time, the repayment of student loans was delayed until the graduate's income was much higher, and grants were reintroduced for some students from poorer backgrounds. It was claimed the increase in university fees violated a promise in Labour's 2001 election manifesto, though this claim is arguably unsustainable if the relevant promise is interpreted strictly and literally. At its second reading in the House of Commons in January 2004, the Higher Education Bill which contained the changes was passed with a majority of only five, due to a large-scale backbench Labour rebellion. A defeat was averted by a last-minute change of intention by a small number of Gordon Brown's backbench allies .
On 1 August 2003, Blair became the longest continuously serving Labour Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, surpassing Clement Attlee's 1945–1951 term.
The Hutton Inquiry into the death of Dr. David Kelly reported on 2 August, ruled that he had committed suicide, and despite widespread expectations that the report would criticise Blair and his government, Hutton cleared the Government of deliberately inserting false intelligence into the September Dossier, while criticising the BBC editorial process which had allowed unfounded allegations to be broadcast. Evidence to the inquiry raised further questions over the use of intelligence in the run up to the war, and the report did not satisfy opponents of Blair and of the war. After a similar decision by President Bush, Blair set up another inquiry — the Butler Review — into the accuracy and presentation of the intelligence relating to Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction. Opponents of the war, especially the Liberal Democrats, refused to participate in this inquiry, since it did not meet their demands for a full public inquiry into whether the war was justified .
The political fallout from the Iraq War continued to dog Blair's premiership after the Butler Review. On 25 August 2004 Plaid Cymru MP Adam Price announced he would attempt to impeach Blair, hoping to invoke a Parliamentary procedure that has lain dormant for 150 years but has never been abolished. However, of 640 MPs in the House of Commons only 23 backed the Commons motion—officially known as an Early Day Motion—in support of considering "whether there exist sufficient grounds to impeach" Blair (a 24th MP signed the motion but later withdrew his name). The Early Day Motion has now expired.
In April 2004, Blair announced that a referendum would be held on the ratification of the EU Constitution. This represented a significant development in British politics: only one nationwide referendum had previously been held (in 1975, on whether the UK should remain in the EEC), though a referendum had been promised if the Government decided to join the Euro, and referendums had been held on devolved structures of government in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. It was a dramatic change of policy for Blair, who had previously dismissed calls for a referendum unless the constitution fundamentally altered the UK's relationship with the EU. Michael Howard seized upon this "EU-turn", reminding Blair of his declaration to the 2003 Labour Party conference that "I can only go one way. I haven't got a reverse gear". The referendum was expected to be held in early 2006; however, after the French and Dutch rejections of the constitution, the Blair government announced it was suspending plans for a referendum for the foreseeable future.
During his second term, Blair was increasingly the target for protests. His speech to the 2004 Labour Party conference, for example, was interrupted both by a protester against the Iraq War and by a group that opposed the government's decision to allow the House of Commons to ban fox hunting.
On 15 September 2004 Blair delivered a speech on the environment and the 'urgent issue' of climate change. In unusually direct language he concluded that "If what the science tells us about climate change is correct, then unabated it will result in catastrophic consequences for our world... The science, almost certainly, is correct." The action he proposed to take appeared to be based on business and investment rather than legislative or tax-based attempts to reduce CO2 emissions: "...it is possible to combine reducing emissions with economic growth... investment in science and technology and in the businesses associated with it..."
Health problems.
On 19 October 2003 it emerged Blair had received treatment for an irregular heartbeat. Having felt ill the previous day, he went to hospital and was diagnosed with supraventricular tachycardia. This was treated by cardioversion and he returned home that night. He was reported to have taken the following day (20 October) more gently than usual and returned to a full schedule on 21 October. Downing Street aides later suggested the palpitations had been brought on by drinking lots of strong coffee at an EU summit and then working-out vigorously in the gym. However, former minister Lewis Moonie, a doctor, said the treatment was more serious than Number 10 had admitted: "Anaesthetising somebody and giving their heart electric shocks is not something you just do in the routine run of medical practice."
In September 2004, in off-the-cuff remarks during an interview with ITV news, Lord Bragg said Blair was "under colossal strain" over "considerations of his family" and that Blair had thought "things over very carefully." This led to speculation Blair would resign. Although details of a family problem were known by the press, no paper reported them because according to one journalist, to have done so would have breached "the bounds of privacy and media responsibility."
Blair underwent a catheter ablation to correct his irregular heartbeat on 1 October 2004, after announcing the procedure on the previous day, in a series of interviews in which he also declared he would seek a third term but not a fourth. The planned procedure was carried out at London's Hammersmith hospital.
Connaught Square.
At the same time as Blair's operation it was disclosed the Blairs had purchased a house at 29 Connaught Square, London, for a reported £3.5 million. Some have speculated that part of No. 29 is to be converted into offices for a future Blair Foundation. The purchase also led to more speculation that Blair was preparing for life after government.
Third term (2005–2007).
The Labour Party won the Thursday 5 May 2005 general election and a third consecutive term in office, although Labour got fewer votes in England than the Conservatives. The next day, Blair was invited to form a Government by Queen Elizabeth II. The reduction in the Labour majority (from 167 to 66) and the low share of the popular vote (35%) led to some Labour MPs calling for Blair to leave office sooner rather than later; among them was Frank Dobson, who had served in Blair's cabinet during his first term. However, dissenting voices quickly vanished as Blair in June 2005 took on European leaders over the future direction of the European Union.
G8 and EU presidencies.
The rejection by France and the Netherlands of the treaty to establish a constitution for the European Union presented Blair with an opportunity to postpone a UK referendum and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw announced that the Parliamentary Bill to enact a referendum was suspended indefinitely. It had previously been agreed that ratification would continue unless the treaty had been rejected by at least five of the 25 European Union member states who must all ratify it. In an address to the European Parliament, Blair stated: "I believe in Europe as a political project. I believe in Europe with a strong and caring social dimension."
Chirac held several meetings with Schröder and the pair pressed for the UK to give up the rebate won by Margaret Thatcher in 1984. After verbal conflict over several weeks, Blair, along with the leaders of all 25 member states, descended on Brussels for the EU Summit of the 18 June 2005 to attempt to finalise the EU budget for 2007–2013. Blair refused to renegotiate the rebate unless the proposals included a compensating overhaul of EU spending, particularly on the Common Agricultural Policy which composes 44% of the EU budget. The CAP stayed as it was agreed upon in 2002 and no decision about the budget was reached under the Luxembourg presidency.
Now it fell to Blair to broker a deal on the EU budget during the UK's Presidency of the European Union during the latter half of 2005. Early international opinion, particularly in the French press, suggested that Blair held a strong opening position partly on account of the concurrence of British presidencies of the EU and G8. However, early in the UK's six-month term the 7 July London bombings distracted political attention from the EU despite some ambitious early statements about Blair's agenda. Domestically, Blair faced further distractions from European affairs including a resurgent Conservative Party under its newly elected leader David Cameron, and assessments of the British presidency's achievements under Blair have been lukewarm in spite of some diplomatic success including a last-minute budget deal. One of the results of which was an agreement to increase British contributions to the EU Development Budget for new member countries, which effectively reduced the UK rebate by 20% .
London to host the 2012 Summer Olympics.
On 6 July 2005, during the 117th International Olympic Committee (IOC) session in Singapore, the IOC announced that the 2012 Summer Olympics, the Games of the XXX Olympiad, were awarded to London over Paris by only four votes. The competition between Paris and London to host the Games had become increasingly heated particularly after French President Jacques Chirac commented three days before the vote that "one cannot trust people the British whose cuisine are so bad." The surprise win by London over the perceived frontrunner Paris was said to have been decided by the presence of Blair at the IOC session. Irish IOC member Patrick Hickey said, "This is down to Tony Blair. If he hadn't come here I'd say that six to eight votes would have been lost and London would not be sitting here today winners".
2005 London bombings.
On Thursday 7 July 2005, a series of four bomb explosions struck London's public transport system during the morning rush-hour. All four incidents were suicide bombings. Fifty-six people were killed and 700 injured. The incident was the deadliest single act of terrorism in the United Kingdom since 270 died in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland and replaced the 1998 Omagh Bombing (29 dead) as the second most deadly terrorist attack on British soil. It was also the deadliest bombing in London since World War II.
Blair made about the day's bombings, saying that he believed it was "reasonably clear" that it was an act of terror, and that he hoped the people of Britain could demonstrate that their will to overcome the events is greater than the terrorists' wish to cause destruction. He also said that his determination to "defend" the British way of life outweighed "extremist determination" to destroy it . On 13 July 2005, he told that international cooperation would be needed to "pull up this evil ideology by its roots".
On 21 July 2005, a second series of explosions were reported in London, two weeks and some hours after the 7 July 2005 London bombings. Four controlled explosions, of devices considerably less advanced than those of the previous attacks, were carried out at Shepherd's Bush, Warren Street and Oval underground stations, and on a bus in Shoreditch. Even though the attacks on the 21st were less severe than those on the 7th, Blair was reported to have said that the bombings in London today were intended "to scare people and to frighten them, to make them anxious and worried". He went on to say how the "police have done their very best, and the security services too, in the situation, and I think we have just got to react calmly and continue with our business as much as possible normal".
Concerns about terror attacks led to 10 Downing Street requesting media organisations not to identify the location of Blair's 2005 summer holiday. After Blair attended a public function it was acknowledged that the holiday was in Barbados, as a guest of the singer Cliff Richard with whom Blair has stayed before. During a renewed stay there in August 2006, Blair refused to endorse calls for a ceasefire in Lebanon .
A "Guardian"/ICM poll conducted after the first wave of attacks found that 64% of the British population believed that Blair's decision to wage war in Iraq had led indirectly to the terrorist attacks on London. The public did however indicate approval of Blair's handling of the attacks, with his approval rating moving into positive territory for the first time in five years. In December 2005, the Prime Minister was presented with the "Statesman of the Decade" award by the EastWest Institute, a trans-Atlantic think tank that organises an annual Security Conference in Brussels.
Proposed laws to cope with the threat of terrorism proved extremely controversial; an amendment to require that glorifying terrorism be deliberate in order to be an offence was rejected in the House of Commons by just three votes (a result initially announced as a one-vote margin, due to a miscount). The proposal to allow terrorist suspects to be held for questioning for up to 90 days was defeated on 9 November by a margin of 31 with 49 Labour MPs voting against the government. Instead, MPs supported an amendment to allow questioning for 28 days proposed by veteran backbencher David Winnick. This was Blair's first defeat on the floor of the House of Commons since he became Prime Minister in 1997, and most commentators saw this as seriously undermining his authority.
Education reforms 2006.
The introduction of further reforms to the education system, which restricted the involvement of local education authorities in opening new schools, proved controversial. Labour backbenchers opposed to the proposals produced a rival manifesto, and the Bill to introduce the changes was delayed while the government negotiated with them. The Conservative Party declared its support for the reforms, making passage certain but increasing the likelihood that Labour MPs would vote against them. On 15 March 2006, the Education and Inspections Bill passed its second reading, with 52 Labour MPs voting against; had the Conservative Party also voted against it would have been defeated.
Local elections on 4 May 2006 and cabinet reshuffle.
The local elections in England on 4 May 2006 dealt a blow to Blair, with the loss of 317 seats and 18 councils. This result was thought to be partly continued fallout from public dissatisfaction over the decision to invade Iraq, and partly due to a scandal concerning the Home Office's mishandling of foreign criminals' deportation. At the same time, an affair of the Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott with his diary secretary had been made public. Further, some Primary Care and Hospital Trust sustained significant deficits and had to release staff, which called into question the position of Health Secretary Patricia Hewitt. On 5 May, Blair reshuffled his Cabinet. Most significantly, Charles Clarke and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw were relieved of their duties and many other positions were reassigned.
Darfur.
Blair urged his fellow EU members on 20 October 2006 to send a strong message to the Sudanese government that it must allow a UN force into Darfur, arguing that it is a critical time for Darfur and therefore a chance for the EU to strengthen the pressure on the Sudanese government.
Debate over Muslim women wearing veils.
A debate over Muslim women wearing veils developed after Leader of the Commons Jack Straw said he asked women in his constituency to remove them when they visited him. The Prime Minister believed that this was a "mark of separation" and made some "outside the community feel uncomfortable". He also backed Kirklees Council, which suspended a classroom assistant Aishah Azmi for refusing to remove her full face veil at school.
Cash for honours.
Blair was interviewed in connection with the cash for honours investigation by the police in December 2006, the first time that a serving Prime Minister has been questioned by police regarding a criminal investigation. He was interviewed for a second time on 26 January 2007 after the arrest of Downing Street official Ruth Turner. An embargo was placed on this news at the request of the Metropolitan Police until 1 February.
Resignation as Labour Party leader and Prime Minister.
After Labour's 2004 conference, on 30 September 2004, Blair announced in a BBC interview that he would serve a "full third term" but would not fight a fourth general election. No term limits exist in British politics, and such an announcement was historically unprecedented. Blair said he would give "ample time" for his successor to establish himself before the next general election, likely to be held in 2009 or 2010.
Following the 2005 election, there was constant speculation over the date of Blair's departure. At Westminster, he was expected to retire after the proposed UK referendum on the European Union Constitution, but the constitution being thwarted at referendum in other countries negated any need for one in the UK (such a major issue as a union-wide constitution would require unanimity amongst the EU's member states). The July 2005 terror attacks also reduced the likelihood of an early departure. Speculation as to the likely timing of Blair's departure increased in May 2006, following Labour's poor results in English local elections.
It was reported on 30 July 2006 that Blair had agreed to a £4m deal, in exchange his personal diaries, with a publishing firm owned by Rupert Murdoch.
On 5 September 2006, a letter signed by 17 Labour MPs called for Tony Blair to resign. On the same day 49 other Labour MPs signed a statement supporting Blair's departure timetable. The next day "The Sun" reported that Blair would step down as Labour leader on 31 May 2007, and as Prime Minister when a new leader is elected. That same day, seven of the MPs who signed the letter resigned as Parliamentary Private Secretaries (unpaid and unofficial posts assisting Government ministers).
On 7 September 2006, Blair announced that the 2006 Labour Party conference would be his last as leader (in other words, he planned to resign by September 2007). He did not announce a specific timetable for either his departure or the election of a new leader, but he did state that he would "set a precise date" at some point in the future. On 26 September 2006, he restated this at Labour's annual conference "this is my last conference as leader".
On 24 November, Tony Blair addressed the Scottish Labour conference as Labour Party leader and Prime Minister for the last time.
His successor was widely expected to be Gordon Brown, the then Chancellor of the Exchequer, who launched his leadership bid on 11 May 2007. The only other politician to formally declare himself a contender for Labour leadership following Blair's departure was left-wing Labour MP John McDonnell, who launched his campaign on 14 July 2006. To stand in the leadership contest, candidates required the nominations of 12.5% of sitting Labour MPs - then 44 MPs.
On 2 May 2007, Tony Blair announced that he would be stepping down as Prime Minister in a matter of weeks. He further encouraged Gordon Brown as his successor as leader of the Labour Party. On 3 May, it was further clarified by Downing Street that the exact date of resignation would be announced on 10 May. The following election of a new leader of the Labour Party was expected to take 48 days.
On 10 May 2007, Blair held a Cabinet meeting where he told his ministers about his resignation plans and later making a speech at the Trimdon Labour Club in his Sedgefield constituency before announcing at a press conference that he would step down as Prime Minister on 27 June 2007 and that he would be asking the NEC to begin seeking a successor as Labour leader immediately. His deputy, John Prescott, announced that he was also stepping down as Deputy Prime Minister later in the day at his local meeting in Hull. Blair began a world tour with a visit to Paris on 11 May to visit newly elected French president Nicolas Sarkozy. His last two major events were the 33rd G8 summit in Heiligendamm and the European Council summit from 21 and 22 June 2007.
Gordon Brown was duly elected Labour leader as the only successfully nominated candidate with 313 nominations compared to John McDonnell's 29 at close of nominations on 17 May 2007, the result being declared formally and coming into effect on 24 June 2007 with Tony Blair resigning as Prime Minister on 27 June 2007 and Gordon Brown being asked to form a government by the Queen later that day.
Blair stepped down as an MP immediately triggering a by-election.
Career since leaving government.
There were rumours in the British press that Blair would stand for the position of United Nations Secretary-General when Kofi Annan stepped down on 31 December 2006, but Blair did not pursue that position.
Blair was appointed envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East.

</doc>
<doc id="9746081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746081" title="List of aquaria in India">
List of aquaria in India

This is a list of public Aquariums in India. For Zoos, see List of zoos in India.
Aquariums are facilities where animals are confined within tanks and displayed to the public, and in which they may also be bred. Such facilities include public aquariums, oceanariums, marine mammal parks, and dolphinariums.

</doc>
<doc id="9746083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746083" title="Nishinokyō Station">
Nishinokyō Station


</doc>
<doc id="9746150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746150" title="Uaymil">
Uaymil

Uaymil is pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site located on the Gulf Coast of northern Campeche. The settlement of Uaymil occupies a small island approximately 2.5 kilometers from the coast and 25 km north of Jaina. The site has been archaeologically investigated by Rafael Cobos, now of the Universidad Autónoma de Yucatán (UADY), who documented 15 structures, 8 of which were situated around a plaza containing an altar (Cobos 2001). A number of additional monuments and stele were also identified (Cobos et al. 2005).
Ceramic data recovered during archaeological excavation indicate that Uaymil was predominantly a Late to Terminal Classic site. Ceramic, lithic, and architectural data suggest that Uaymil had economic ties with both Uxmal and Chichén Itzá (Inurreta and Cobos 2003), but largely functioned as a port directly connected to, and dependent on, Uxmal (Cobos 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="9746159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746159" title="IRB International Sevens Team of the Year">
IRB International Sevens Team of the Year

The IRB International Sevens Team of the Year was awarded by the International Rugby Board in the November or December each year from 2002 to 2007. In 2002 and 2003, the award was called the IRB Sevens Team of the Year. 

</doc>
<doc id="9746185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746185" title="Intira Jaroenpura">
Intira Jaroenpura

Intira Jaroenpura (; ) or stage name Sine Jaroenpura (; ; born December 23, 1980) is a Thai actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Mae Nak in the 1999 Thai horror film, "Nang Nak". In 2007, she was featured in a prominent role as the warrior Princess Lurkin in part two of "King Naresuan".
Early career.
Intira comes from a well-known show business family. Her father is actor-director Ruj Ronnapop (; a stage name). Her elder half sister, Siriwimol "Mai" Charoenpura () is a popular singer and actress with GMM Grammy.
At the age of 13, Intira starred in her first Thai TV drama (lakorn) "La" (, "hunt") produced by X'ACT, the drama wing of GMM Grammy. In the lakorn, she portrayed a girl who, together with her mother (played by Sinjai Plengpanich), were gang raped. She became mentally ill while her mother proceeded to hunt down, torture and kill each and every member of the gang. Intira became a celebrity, known for taking this difficult role in her first acting work.
Music.
At age 13, Intira signed an album contract with GMM Grammy. She released her first album in March 1995, "Nalika Sine" (). It is a teenage pop album. "Khun Khru Kradat Sine" () is the most famous song of the album. The song talks about being grateful to her teacher and is still often used to honor teachers on Teachers' Day, for example.
She left GMM Grammy after her contract expired and altered her music style to rock. She released an indie album, "Sine", in 1998. The album was produced by Jirasak "Catarock" Parnpoom. He became her boyfriend but they later broke up. With the success of her new rocker image, she rejoined GMM Grammy and released her third album "D^Sine" in September 1999. This album contains the track "Sai Lom Thi Wang Dee" (). It is probably Intira's most famous song.
Education.
Intira attended Khemasiri Memorial School (โรงเรียนเขมะสิริอนุสสรณ์). She received a bachelor of arts in communication arts, majoring in advertising, from Bangkok University.

</doc>
<doc id="9746194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746194" title="Alan Cheuse">
Alan Cheuse

Alan Cheuse (born January 23, 1940, Perth Amboy, New Jersey, U.S.) is an American writer and critic.
Life.
He grew up in a Jewish family, the son of a Russian immigrant father and a mother of Russian and Romanian descent. He graduated from Perth Amboy High School in 1957 and Rutgers University in 1961. After traveling abroad and working for several years at various writing and editing jobs, he returned to Rutgers to study for a Ph.D. in Comparative Literature, which he was awarded in 1974 (having written a thesis on the life and work of the Cuban novelist Alejo Carpentier). He then taught literature at Bennington College for nearly a decade and then took various posts at , the University of Virginia and the University of Michigan before joining the faculty at George Mason University. 
It was in the late 1970s that he began publishing short fiction, beginning with a story in "The New Yorker" and going on to write for magazines such as "Ploughshares", "The Antioch Review", "Prairie Schooner", and "New Letters". He brought out his first novel, a biographical historical work about John Reed and Louise Bryant, in 1982, and a number of other works of fiction and nonfiction followed.
He is a regular book reviewer for the NPR radio program All Things Considered.

</doc>
<doc id="9746210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746210" title="South Moline Township, Rock Island County, Illinois">
South Moline Township, Rock Island County, Illinois

South Moline Township is located in Rock Island County, Illinois. As of the 2010 census, its population was 36,399 and it contained 17,140 housing units. South Moline Township formed from Moline Township in March, 1879.
Geography.
According to the 2010 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 94.34%) is land and (or 5.72%) is water.

</doc>
<doc id="9746218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746218" title="William G. Borchert">
William G. Borchert

William (Bill) G. Borchert (b.?) is an American screenwriter who wrote the script for the 1989 film "My Name is Bill W.," based on the true story of Alcoholics Anonymous founder Bill Wilson.
In 2005 he published a book about Bill Wilson's wife, Lois, called "The Lois Wilson Story: When Love is Not Enough". A , based on the book, was released in 2010. Borchert is also a director of Stepping Stones Foundation, the home of the Wilsons in New York. His most recent book is "1,000 Years of Sobriety: 20 People x 50 Years" (2010) co-authored with Michael Fitzpatrick, that tells the story of twenty pioneers of Alcoholics Anonymous from United States, Canada, Australia & New Zealand.
External links.
William Borchert homepage 

</doc>
<doc id="9746227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746227" title="C. R. Hagen">
C. R. Hagen

Carl Richard Hagen (; born 2 February 1937) is a professor of particle physics at the University of Rochester. He is most noted for his contributions to the Standard Model and Symmetry breaking as well as the co-discovery of the Higgs mechanism and Higgs boson with Gerald Guralnik and Tom Kibble (GHK). As part of Physical Review Letters 50th anniversary celebration, the journal recognized this discovery as one of the milestone papers in PRL history. While widely considered to have authorerd the most complete of the early papers on the Higgs theory, GHK were controversially not included in the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physics.
In 2010, Hagen was awarded The American Physical Society's J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics for the ""elucidation of the properties of spontaneous symmetry breaking in four-dimensional relativistic gauge theory and of the mechanism for the consistent generation of vector boson masses"".
Professor Hagen's research interests are in the field of theoretical high-energy physics, primarily in the area of quantum field theory. This includes the formulation and quantization of higher spin field theories within the context of Galilean relativity as well as that of Special relativity. Work in recent years has been concerned with such topics as the soluble two dimensional theories, Chern–Simons field theory, the Aharonov–Bohm effect, and the Casimir effect.
Born and raised in Chicago, Hagen received his B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. in physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. At MIT, his doctoral thesis topic was in quantum electrodynamics. He has been a professor of physics at the University of Rochester since 1963. Professor Hagen won the Award for Excellence in Teaching, Department of Physics and Astronomy, University of Rochester twice (in 1996 and 1999). Hagen is a Fellow of the American Physical Society and was named Outstanding Referee by APS in 2008. Valparaiso University awarded Hagen the degree Honorary Doctor of Science in 2012 for his significant contributions to particle physics and the theory of mass generation.

</doc>
<doc id="9746231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9746231" title="Watertown Public Opinion">
Watertown Public Opinion

The Watertown Public Opinion is a six-day daily newspaper published in Watertown, South Dakota, USA, serving eastern South Dakota and western Minnesota. It publishes in the afternoon, Monday through Friday, and a weekend edition on Saturday morning.
The fourth largest newspaper in South Dakota, it has been owned since 2002 by United Communications Corporation of Kenosha, Wisconsin.
History.
Founded two years before South Dakota statehood, the "Public Opinion" in its first 110 years had a succession of local owners, including Stitzel X. Way, whose family ran it for 94 years before selling to UCC March 1, 2002.

</doc>
