<doc id="9791618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791618" title="South Florida Bulls">
South Florida Bulls

The University of South Florida (USF) Bulls are the athletic teams for the University of South Florida. The school occasionally is incorrectly labeled "South Florida" by ESPN, CBS Sports, and various organizations, but solely goes by "USF" or "University of South Florida". The university competes in NCAA Division I of the NCAA, and as a member of the American Athletic Conference (The American). The university currently sponsors varsity sports: baseball, men's and women's basketball, men's and women's golf, football, men's and women's soccer, softball, men's and women's tennis, men's and women's cross country, men's and women's track, volleyball, sailing.
Varsity sports.
Men's athletic teams
Women's athletic teams 
Football.
USF began college football play as a 1-AA independent in 1997, moved to 1-A in 2001, then to Conference USA in 2003, and then the Big East Conference in 2005 with its Bowl Championship Series (BCS) tie-ins.
Additionally, USF's rapid advancement to the Big East Conference and the associated gains in recruiting have been helped greatly by its facilities. The Bulls recently opened an $18 million athletic facility on campus, and the football team plays its home games in Raymond James Stadium, also the home field of the National Football League's Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
On September 24, 2005, USF surprised ninth-ranked University of Louisville for its first victory over a Big East conference foe, as well as its first victory over a ranked opponent. As a result, USF received its first-ever votes in the AP college football poll. USF went on to beat ranked opponents by defeating #7 West Virginia University on November 25, 2006, #17 Auburn University on September 8, 2007, #5 West Virginia again on September 28, 2007.
On September 16, 2007, a week after defeating Auburn, USF was nationally ranked for the first time in the young program's history. The AP poll listed USF at #23, while the USA Today coaches poll had the Bulls at #24. This is an NCAA record, as USF achieved its first Top 25 ranking faster than any other Division I-A school in the modern era. Since becoming a bowl-eligible Division I-A member in 2001, the Bulls were ranked after 104 AP polls during the fourth week of their seventh season. Boise State had the previous record, getting ranked after 115 AP polls during the 13th week of its seventh year as a bowl-eligible Division I-A member. On October 14, 2007, after the AP, Coaches', and BCS rankings were released, the Bulls were ranked #2, #3, and #2 respectively, the highest ranked the school's football program has ever been. However, on Thursday October 18, the Bulls lost to the Rutgers Scarlet Knights in a 30-27 upset in Piscataway, New Jersey. Two more losses followed in the next two games, knocking the Bulls out of the college rankings. The Bulls rebounded to finish the 2007 season 9–3, ranked #21 in the BCS standings, and played in the Brut Sun Bowl. The Bulls, however, lost to the Oregon Ducks by a score of 56–21 in that contest.
On October 4, 2009, the Bulls entered the rankings for the first time in the 2009-10 season at #23, after beating Syracuse at the Carrier Dome. They then lost to highly-favored #5 Cincinnati and USF was dropped from the top 25.
Basketball.
The birth of the college basketball program at the University of South Florida was in 1971. The first game was a 74–73 victory over Stetson University. The season ended with eight wins and 17 losses. Home games are played at the USF Sun Dome.
The men's head coach is Orlando Antigua. Antigua was named USF head coach on April 1, 2014. Antigua has eight years of experience coaching at the collegiate level, and has been to the NCAA tournament eleven times as a player or coach. 
The women's head coach is Jose Fernandez. Fernandez arrived in Tampa in April 2000, as an assistant women's basketball coach and was officially named head coach on December 14, 2000. As head coach at USF, he has guided the Bulls to an unprecedented five-straight postseason tournaments and to the cusp of bringing his program into the upper echelon of the Big East Conference. Under his tutelage, USF advanced to the program's first-ever NCAA Tournament during the 2005-06 season, and to 10 postseason tournaments in 11 years after the Bulls had recorded just three winning seasons, all 14-13 records, in the 25 years prior. Fernandez also guided USF to four 20-win campaigns — 21-11 in 2004-05, 21-12 in 2006-07, 27-10 in 2008-09, 22-11 in 2012-13 and 23-13 in 2013-14; in his career. On April 4, 2009, Fernandez led the team to their first-ever post season championship with a 75-71 win over the Kansas Jayhawks in the WNIT. Fernandez also won USF's first women's basketball NCAA Tournament game, beating Texas Tech in the first round of the 2013 NCAA Tournament.
Baseball.
The head baseball coach is Mark Kingston. The team plays at USF Baseball Stadium on campus.
From 2006–2014, Lelo Prado was the program's head coach. He was a native of Cuba who grew up in Tampa before embarking on a successful college coaching career that includes back-to-back NCAA Division II National Championships in his hometown. He returned to Tampa on June 16, 2006, to become the fifth coach in the USF baseball program's history. In his first two years with the Bulls, Prado produced consecutive Big East Tournament appearances, picking up a pair of wins in the post-season tournament both years.
Golf.
The men's golf coach is Chris Malloy, the former assistant men's golf coach from Florida State University. The team has won 12 conference championships:
The women's golf coach is Marci Kornegay. Kornegay was named head coach of the women's golf program in June 2007. She came to USF from the University of South Carolina, where she was an assistant coach from July 2004 until her appointment at USF. Kornegay was a nominee for the 2006-07 NGCA Assistant Golf Coach of the Year.
Sailing.
A nationally recognized women's sailing program at USF is coached by Allison Jolly the gold medalist in the first olympic women's sailing event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
Soccer.
George Kiefer, the 2005 NCAA South Region Coach of the Year is a native of Bay Shore, NY. Kiefer was named USF’s head coach on June 21, 2002, becoming the program’s sixth coach in its 40-year history. Since arriving in Tampa, Kiefer has compiled a 64-38-13 (.613) record in six years at USF, leading the Bulls to four seasons of 10-or-more wins and a 37-9-7 (.764) record at home. Under Kiefer, USF has faced 29 nationally ranked opponents, registering a 14-11-4 record versus the nation’s elite.
The USF men's soccer team beat St. Johns to win the Big East Conference title in 2008. They made it to the Elite Eight of the 2008 NCAA College Cup Championships, where they lost to number 1 seed Wake Forest.
The USF men's soccer team tied with Rutgers in a 0-0 draw on October 31, 2011, to officially win the whole title of the Big East Red Division. They had an undefeated season in conference play. The USF men's soccer team made it to the Elite Eight in the 2011 NCAA College Cup Championships, where they lost to number 2 seed Creighton in overtime.
The USF women's soccer team is led by coach Denise Schilte Brown, who became the second coach in the program's history. She joined the program in December of 2006 and had previously coached at Virginia Commonwealth and University of Maryland-Baltimore County. In 2010 the women's soccer teamed earned their first berth to the NCAA tournament.
Tennis.
Men's head coach Matt Hill joined USF during June 2012, replacing long-time coach Don Barr (1992-2012). Hill spent five years at Mississippi State as an assistant coach before coming to USF, and coached the Bulls to a conference championship in 2014.
Track & Field.
Warren Bye has been the head coach for the USF men's & women's track & field team since the 2006 season. In 2012, both teams posted a program best at the Big East Outdoor Championships. The men's team placed 2nd in the Big East Outdoor Championships, while the women's team placed 3rd. Home meets are contested in the USF Track and Field Stadium.
Volleyball.
Courtney Draper was named the 11th head coach in USF volleyball history in June 2012, and has started a program turnaround, leading USF to its best conference finish (4th) since 2002 during the 2013 season, and receiving top-100 ranking by PrepVolleyball.com for three consecutive recruiting classes (2012-2014).
Spirit.
Band.
The Herd of Thunder, often called HOT or the Pride of the Bay, is the athletic band of the South Florida Bulls, including the show band, pep band, and marching band ensembles, although it is often used to refer simply to the marching band. It was founded in 1999, two years after USF fielded its first football team.
Cheerleading.
USF is known in the cheerleading world and has a strong co-ed team and all-girls squad. In 2010, the All-Girl squad finished 3rd at UCA nationals. The co-ed squad hopes to compete in future UCA Nationals.
Notable non varsity sports.
Rugby.
The USF Bulls Rugby Football Club was founded in 1969. The Bulls play college rugby in the South Independent conference against local rivals such as Central Florida and Florida State. The Bulls were the USA Rugby South champions in 2009 and again in 2011. USF used to play Division II, but were promoted to Division I college rugby in 2011. The Bulls play sevens in the fall, and fifteens in the winter and spring. The Bulls are led by Head Coach Gordon Campbell.

</doc>
<doc id="9791628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791628" title="Mag-indi language">
Mag-indi language

Mag-indi or Baloga is a Sambalic language. It has around 5,000 speakers (SIL 1998) and is spoken within Aeta communities in San Marcelino, Zambales, and in the Pampango municipalities of Floridablanca and Porac.

</doc>
<doc id="9791629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791629" title="Motorcycle trailer">
Motorcycle trailer

Motorcycle trailer is either a trailer used to carry motorcycles or one to be pulled by a motorcycle in order to carry additional gear.
For carrying motorcycles.
Motorcycle carrying trailers may be open or enclosed. They may be wide, for two bikes side-by-side, or narrow, for just a single bike. The main features that distinguishes them from other flatbed or enclosed trailers are track(s) to keep the wheels from sliding side to side and sufficient tiedown points to keep the motorcycle(s) from tipping. They may also tilt, or include ramp(s) to facilitate the loading and unloading of motorcycles. Trailer manufacturers often offer trailers specifically designed for carrying motorcycles.
Enclosed trailers, as seen in the photos, have the advantage of protecting motorcycles within from the weather and from prying eyes, and of being able to lock the motorcycles up securely. However, they are heavier than open trailers and create more wind resistance, decreasing the mileage of the towing vehicle. An enclosed motorcycle-specific trailer can be built low enough so as not to increase resistance due to wind, and therefore mileage, substantially.
Collapsible or folding motorcycle trailers are available to overcome storage problems that might prevent use of a non-collapsible trailer, some such trailers are sufficiently compact to allow the user to carry the trailer in the trunk of a car when not in use.
For being pulled by motorcycles.
Trailers towed behind motorcycles are distinguished by their relatively small size, especially narrow wheelbase. They are also often styled to match the look of the motorcycle they are intended to be towed behind. This styling can include the overall shape, fender shape, lights, chrome, etc.
The Guinness World Record for a motorcycle and trailer is 139.5 mph, set in 2002 by Motor Cycle News (UK) towing a Squire sidecars D21 trailer behind a Kawasaki ZZ-R1100.
In the United Kingdom there are some legal restrictions on towing trailers. 
Safety tips for towing include:
The Pav 40/41/100:
The Pav trailers were manufactured in the Czech Republic, originally by "AVIA n.p". and later by "KOVOZAVODY SEMILY" by Jawa Motors. Earliest examples made in the mid to late '50s, which pre-date the PAV 40. The PAV 40 debuted in approximately in 1958 or 1959. At some point the PAV 41 replaced the PAV 40 and was produced into the 70's. Pav trailers feature a wheel and are rated to . They were made to be attached to Jawa motorcycles, although they make excellent accessories for Vespa, Lambretta, Cezeta, Heinkel, Fuji, Zundapp, Cushman, or any other vintage motorcycle, scooter or microcar (like Isetta or Messerschmitt).

</doc>
<doc id="9791638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791638" title="DePaul Blue Demons">
DePaul Blue Demons

The DePaul Blue Demons are the intercollegiate athletic teams of DePaul University, located in Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois. The Blue Demons participate in NCAA Division I and are a member of the Big East Conference. They were not affiliated with any circuit until it helped establish the Great Midwest Conference in 1991. It subsequently became a charter member of Conference USA from 1995 until its move to the original Big East in 2005. DePaul and the other six Catholic, non-FBS schools announced on December 15, 2012 their separation to eventually form a new conference that would carry the Big East name.
The origin of the Blue Demons nickname dates back to 1907 when the university changed its name from St. Vincent's College to its current form. At the time, the athletic teams had red uniforms with a large "D" on the front. After an announcer referred to the players as the "D-men," the moniker stuck and eventually evolved into "Demons." The "blue" was part of an attempt to distinguish the university's players from those of its now-defunct high school DePaul Academy. The former wore red with a blue "D," while the latter adopted the reverse. The official athletic colors are royal blue and scarlet.
Sports.
DePaul University fields 13 sports, 6 men's and 7 women's:
Men's Intercollegiate Sports
Women's intercollegiate athletic teams
Men's basketball.
The school is well known for its basketball program which gained prominence under Ray Meyer who led the team to the NCAA Division I basketball Final Four in the 1978–1979 season. The school's only national championship came in 1945 after winning the NIT tournament. The team has played at the Allstate Arena since 1980.
The men's basketball coach, Jerry Wainwright, was fired on January 11, 2010. Assistant coach Tracy Webster will be the interim coach for the remainder of the current season. Wainwright still had two years remaining on his contract at the time of his firing. Wainwright's first season with his young team was erratic, beating No. 16 Wake Forest 84-81 before falling to Old Dominion by a score of 87–43 (the worst defeat in the team's history), and then losing to future Big East Champion, Syracuse, 108–69 on March 2, 2006. In the 2006–2007 season, the Blue Demons beat powerhouse #5 Kansas, pulling off one of the greatest upsets in school history. They also beat 2006 NCAA tournament teams California, Northwestern State, Marquette, Connecticut, and Villanova. The team made it to the NIT and lost in the bracket final to Air Force.
The Demons opened up the 2008 season with two of their star players gone to the NBA. But freshman Dar Tucker and Mac Koshwal look to fill in those spots and senior Draelon Burns is already a star. Four games into the 2007-2008 season, Wainwright logged his 200th career win as a head coach. He has made six post-season appearances in his previous 12 years as head coach. The 2007–08 season saw the Demons with a 10–19 record, but there were high points in the year. DePaul had upsets over Villanova University, then ranked #15 nationally and ultimately a member of the NCAA Sweet Sixteen, and Northwestern. However, things took a turn for the worse during the 2008-2009 season. DePaul went 0-18 in regular season Big East play, setting a school-record for longest losing streak, before winning their first Big East Conference tournament game against Cincinnati. During the 2009-10 season, head coach Jerry Wainwright was fired and replaced by Oliver Purnell of Clemson University after the season ended.
Women's basketball.
DePaul's NCAA women's basketball reached the Sweet 16 for the first time in the program's history in 2006. Head Coach Doug Bruno is entering his 22nd year as head coach of the team. He recently completed a two-year term as president of the Women's Basketball Coaches Association.
Softball.
The DePaul women's softball team has participated four times in the Women's College World Series since 1999. It finished the 2006-07 season ranked sixth in the final USA Today/NFCA Poll. The women's softball team has participated in the NCAA World Series several times in recent years. Head coach Eugene Lenti and his staff were named National Fastpitch Coaches Association Mideast Region Staff of the Year.
Club sports.
DePaul offers a number of other intercollegiate club athletic teams under the Department of Campus Recreation.
Men's Lacrosse.
DePaul University fields Men's Lacrosse at the non-varsity club level in the Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association - Great Rivers Lacrosse Conference in the Northeast Division. DePaul Lacrosse rivals include: Lindenwood-Belleville, Missouri Baptist, Judson University (Illinois) and Wheaton College as well as other MCLA opponents. The lacrosse team plays their home games at Diversey Harbor (Chicago Park District) and Montrose Beach (Chicago Park District).
DePaul reached the national stage in 2013 when they reached their first ever MCLA Tournament appearance only to be ousted in the 1st round by the 2012 and 2013 MCLA Division II Champion, St. Thomas Tommies 11-3.
Conference Championships
National Tournament Appearances
Men's Ice Hockey.
DePaul University has an ice hockey club team called the DePaul University Hockey Club that competes as an Independent team in the Central Region of American Collegiate Hockey Association Division II. The team plays a 25-30 game schedule against regional opponents from the Midwest and Great Lakes regions of the United States, including: Indiana University, Robert Morris University-Illinois, University of Illinois, Illinois State University, and Northern Illinois University. Home games are played at the West Meadows Ice Arena. In 2009 the team made the ACHA Division II National Championship Tournament for the first time in the team's history.
Tennis.
DePaul University Club Tennis competes regionally in the Midwest League of the USTA's national Tennis on Campus program. They practice and host their home matches at Midtown Athletic Club—Chicago, the largest indoor tennis facility in the country. In recent years, the club has taken a lead role in helping to develop the Chicago Tennis on Campus community of schools. In February 2013, they were named USTA Midwest Club of the Year.
Volleyball.
DePaul University's Men's Volleyball Club competes at the division 1AA level, hosts and travels to several tournaments per year, competing against clubs from across the nation. The Blue Demons practice and play their home matches at the Ray Meyer Fitness and Recreation Center. In 2011, the Blue Demons finished 3rd at the NCVF National Championships in Houston, TX, their best finish in club history.
Traditions.
Mascot.
DePaul's mascot is DIBS which stands for Demon In a Blue Suit. DIBS is present at every Blue Demons basketball game and makes frequent appearances at DePaul's Lincoln Park Campus and charity appearances around the Chicago metropolitan area. While the Blue Demon nickname has been around for many years, the Blue Demon mascot took the game floor for the first time in 1968 with a papier-mache head and old warm-up suit. Through the years, the Blue Demon has taken on many forms in its evolution and was dubbed DIBS in 1999.
DePaul University Fight Song.
We will gather, 'neath the banner,
'Neath the scarlet and the blue.
While in song we sing your praises,
Praises for old DePaul U.
Let the battle wage and threaten,
Yours the victory to claim.
While we fight beneath your standard
Proud: exulting in your name.
D–E–M–O–N–S 

</doc>
<doc id="9791648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791648" title="Jimmy Patton">
Jimmy Patton

James Russell Patton (born September 29, 1933 – December 22, 1972) was an American football defensive back in the National Football League for the New York Giants. He was a five-time Pro Bowler. Patton played college football at the University of Mississippi and was drafted in the eighth round of the 1955 NFL Draft. He was recently included as one of two Defensive Backs on the 50th Anniversary All-Time SEC Conference Football Team.
Patton was killed in an automobile accident on December 22, 1972. He was the only passenger in the car, and no other vehicles were involved. The accident happened near Villa Rica, Georgia. He was driving to Virginia to see his sister who was dying of cancer as reported by his sons.
References.
^Riffenburgh, Beau The Official NFL Encyclopedia 4th Edition NAL (New American Library) Books, 1986 p. 394-5 isbn 0-453-00524-1

</doc>
<doc id="9791655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791655" title="Xavier Trias">
Xavier Trias

Xavier Trias i Vidal de Llobatera () (Barcelona, 1946) is a Spanish politician, member of Democratic Convergence of Catalonia and Mayor of Barcelona since July 2, 2011. Among other responsibilities to the Government of Catalonia, he was Minister of Health and Director of the Presidency for the Governments of Jordi Pujol.
Biography.
Xavier Trias i Vidal de Llobatera was born in Barcelona on 5 August 1946. He is married, has four children and six grandchildren. He has been a member of Democratic Convergence of Catalonia since 1979. He received a degree in Medicine and Surgery from the University of Barcelona in 1970, specializing in pediatrics. Between 1971 to 1973 he completed his post graduate training in Genova, Italy and Bern, Switzerland, where he worked for a year and a half in the investigation of metabolic diseases, their diagnosis and treatment.
From 1974 to 1981 he served as a pediatrician at the Children's Hospital in Vall d'Hebron. Between 1979 and 1981 was member of national hospitals in the "General Council of Doctors in Spain", and also member of the Board of Hospitals Association of Physicians of Barcelona.
In 1981, he started working Head of Hospital Care, at the Department of Health and Social Security of the Generalitat of Catalonia, headed by the Minister Josep Laporte, who Trias consider as his political father. In September 1983 he assumed ownership of the Directorate General of Health Planning.
In July 1984 he was appointed Director General of the Catalan Institute of Health (ICS), a post he held until his appointment as Minister of Health in July 1988, precisely in place of Laporte. With the Minister Laporte, Trias is considered responsible for the promotion and development of the Catalan health care model, prestige and international recognition.
On 12 January 1996 was appointed Minister of the Presidency, and began to work closely with President Jordi Pujol. In this era, the government created the Catalonia Broadcasting Council (CAC), and improved the labor regime for the officials of the Generalitat, with progress in reconciling family life, among other initiatives.
In March 2000, he was a candidate of Convergence and Union (CiU) for election to Congress. He won and became President and Spokesperson for the Catalan Parliamentary Group of the Congress of Deputies, and Chairman of the Committee on Science and Technology.
On June 5, 2010 he was proclaimed a CiU candidate for the Barcelona City Council, a post he had already held since June 14, 2003 as well as being Chairman of the Municipal Group of CiU. On May 22 he won the elections receiving 29% of the votes and becoming the new mayor on July 2. In July 2011 he inaugurated the 5th edition of The Brandery show.

</doc>
<doc id="9791656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791656" title="Providence Friars">
Providence Friars

The Providence Friars is the name of the athletic teams of Providence College. They compete in the Big East Conference (NCAA Division I) for every sport except for ice hockey, where they compete in Hockey East. The Big East Conference was founded in 1979 by former athletic director and men's basketball coach Dave Gavitt. On December 15, 2012, Providence and the other seven Catholic, non-FBS schools announced that they were departing the Big East for a new conference; on March 7, 2013, it was officially confirmed that Providence's new conference would operate under the Big East name. The women's volleyball team, which had been an associate member of the America East Conference before the Big East split, remained in that conference for one more season before joining the Big East for the 2014 season.
The school's men's and women's sports teams are called the "Friars", after the Dominican Order that runs the school. They are the only collegiate team to use the name.
Overall, the program consists of 19 varsity sports, seven for men and ten for women: men's and women's basketball, men's and women's cross country, field hockey, men's and women's ice hockey, men's lacrosse, men's and women's soccer, softball, men's and women's swimming and diving, women's tennis, men's and women's track and field, and women's volleyball. The lacrosse team competed in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference through the 2009 season before joining the newly created Big East lacrosse league for 2010.
Former sports include football, which was offered from 1921 until World War II in 1941, and baseball, which was dropped due to Title IX in 1999. Other dropped sports include men's tennis and men's golf.
The school's biggest rivalries are Boston University and Boston College in hockey and UConn and URI in the school's other sports, especially in soccer, swimming and diving, and basketball.
Athletic facilities.
All home games are played on-campus, with the exception of men's basketball:
Colors, mascot and fight songs.
The Dominicans' use of black and white as the colors of their habits were passed on from the earliest days at Providence College as the school colors. Through the years, various highlight colors have come and gone, including yellow, red and gold; the current highlight color of silver dates to the introduction of the current logo in 2002. The current logo shows a cowled Friar in profile. It is used by all teams except the hockey teams, who have used the "Skating Friar" logo since 1973.
The nickname "Friars" dates back to 1929, when a Providence Journal article used the nickname in reference to the baseball team. Previously, the teams were variously known as "The Black and White" or "Dominicans." The Friars nickname comes from the short-form nickname of the Dominican Order, the "Blackfriars."
The original Friars fight song was "Friar Away." However, in the 1950s, WPRO, the radio station that still carries Friar basketball games to this day, began using "When The Saints Go Marching In" as the theme music to their coverage of PC basketball games. The fans took to it so well that it has become the fight song of the college, with Friar Away slipping into obscurity, save for a brief revival in the late 1990s, when the sheet music was rediscovered by a student conductor.

</doc>
<doc id="9791657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791657" title="British Touring Shakespeare Company">
British Touring Shakespeare Company

The British Touring Shakespeare Company is a professional UK touring theatre company, based in Bristol, England.
The company was founded in 1999 by Miles Gregory and Dominic Jinks, Master of Fine Art (Staging Shakespeare) students at the University of Exeter. Since its formation, the company has performed to over 50,000 people in the UK, Europe and Middle East.
Informed by Elizabethan stage practice, the company works with a core of 'associate artists' on a project-by-project basis, almost always in repertory.
Principal productions include: "Hamlet", Ritz Carlton Dubai (2001), Westminster Theatre, London (2002); "Henry V", Shaw Theatre, London (2002); "Romeo and Juliet", Shaw Theatre, London (2002); "The Marowitz Hamlet", Wickham Theatre, Bristol (2004); "Much Ado About Nothing", Queen Square, Bristol (2004), "A Midsummer Night's Dream", Queen Square, Bristol (2005); "Charley's Aunt", Queen Square, Bristol (2005) as part of the Bristol Shakespeare Festival and "A Season Before The Tragedy Of Macbeth" by Gloria Carreño in 2010 as part of the Camden Festival, London, UK
British Touring Shakespeare is listed as a major UK Shakespeare producer in "Shakespeare Festivals Around the World" by Marcus D. Gregio (Editor), 2004

</doc>
<doc id="9791661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791661" title="St. John's Red Storm">
St. John's Red Storm

The St. John's Red Storm is the nickname used for the 16 varsity athletic programs of St. John's University, in the U.S. state of New York. St. John's 16 NCAA Division I teams compete in the Big East Conference, with the exception of the fencing team, which compete in the ECAC. On December 15, 2012, St. John's and the other six Catholic, non-FBS schools (the so-called "Catholic 7") announced that they were departing the former Big East for a new conference. The "Catholic 7", after purchasing the "Big East" name from the FBS schools and adding Butler, Creighton, and Xavier, will operate as a new Big East Conference beginning in July 2013.
The athletic program fields sixteen intercollegiate teams: basketball, soccer, baseball, lacrosse, tennis, golf, and fencing for men and basketball, soccer, softball, volleyball, tennis, track and field, cross country, golf, and fencing for women. In 2002, the university eliminated five men's athletic teams and one women's team in order to comply with Title IX rules prohibiting activities that receive federal assistance from discriminating on the basis of gender. 
Prior to the 1994–1995 school year, the university's nickname was the St. John's Redmen, which referenced the red uniforms worn by its teams in competition. The name was interpreted as a Native American reference in the 1960s, and the university did have a mascot (adorned in Native American dress), which eventually led to the team's name change to the Red Storm. The change happened at a time when there was mounting pressure on colleges and universities to adopt names more sensitive to Native American culture. The Redmen name still remains popular among fans, however, as does "Johnnies". On September 18, 2009 the new mascot, which was voted on by students, was revealed; Johnny Thunderbird.
Basketball.
Men.
St. John's is the 7th most winningest program in college basketball history (1686 wins), St. John's boasts the 7th-most NCAA tournament appearances (27), two Wooden Award winners as national player of the year, 11 consensus All-Americans, 6 members of the College Basketball Hall of Fame, and has sent 59 players to the NBA. However, St. John's currently holds the NCAA Division I record for most NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship appearances without a championship. The Red Storm play most of their home games at Madison Square Garden,"The World's Most Famous Arena", while their early non-conference games are held at Carnesecca Arena on the St. John's campus in Queens. St. John's University holds the second best winning percentage for a New York City school in the NCAA basketball tournament (second to City College of New York - which won the 1950 NCAA Div 1 Championship) St. John's has the most NIT appearances with 27, the most championship wins with 6, although they were stripped of one due to an NCAA infraction. St. John's also holds a Helms Athletic Foundation Championship. In 2008, St. John's celebrated its 100th year of college basketball. 
On February 21, 2011 the men's basketball team was voted into the top 25 in the AP and ESPN Coaches poll. This was the first time the team had been ranked since the end of the season in 2000.
On September 19, 2011, three recruits from St. John' s 2011 class were ruled ineligible for the fall semester. The players will attempt to regain their eligibility in the spring.
Women.
The women's basketball team is coached by Joe Tartamella, who became the head coach in 2012.
Soccer.
St. John’s won the 1996 NCAA Men's Division I Soccer Championship, made four appearances in the NCAA College Cup (1996, 2001, 2003 and 2008) and reached sixteen NCAA post-season tournaments, including fifteen straight from 1992 to 2006. The Red Storm also reached ten consecutive NCAA Tournament Rounds of sixteen from 1996 to 2005. Under Coach Masur, the Red Storm have also won seven Big East Tournament titles, six regular season crowns and has qualified for eighteen consecutive Big East tournaments. Their home games are hosted at Belson Stadium, a state of the art 2,168 seat stadium on the university campus, which sells out often. In 2006, the men's soccer team became the first American soccer team to be invited to play in Vietnam. The team played against several Vietnam Football Federation squads as well as participating in community service.
Baseball.
The St. John's baseball team, currently coached by Ed Blankmeyer, has been to the College World Series six times, recorded 26 NCAA appearances, 6 Big East Championships and have sent 70 players on to professional baseball careers. The team plays at the 3,500-seat Jack Kaiser Stadium, dedicated in 2007 to the Hall of Fame Coach and former St. John's Athletic Director. The stadium is one of the largest college baseball stadiums in the northeast, and is a featured venue on the EA Sports MVP NCAA Baseball video game. The stadium was conceived out of a deal between the university and the Giuliani administration. The administration wanted to find a location for a single-A team that would be affiliated with the New York Mets. Expressing concern about quality of life issues and the spending of public money for a private religious institution, surrounding neighborhood civic groups and local politicians protested the plan. In order to placate their concerns, however, the Mets offered to open it up to the communities for local high school games and youth programs. This stadium was built despite large protests by community residents as well as State Senator Frank Padavan (while also using city financing) The Red Storm played the first ever game at the Mets' new ballpark, Citi Field on March 29, 2009.
Fencing.
The St. John's fencing program has also attained national prominence including Olympians Keeth Smart and Ivan Lee. In 2001, St. John's won the NCAA Fencing Championship. The team has ranked in the top five each of the last 10 years, and finished 2nd in the NCAA during 1995, 2000, 2002, 2007 and 2010 seasons. In addition to team accolades, St. John's has won thirteen NCAA individual national championship titles.
Golf.
The men's golf team have won 10 Big East conference titles: 1979, 1981–84, 1986–89, 2014.
Mascot.
In spring 2009, St. John's allowed its students to vote on what the new official Red Storm mascot would be. At a soccer game in fall 2009, members of the Athletics Department announced that a Thunderbird had received the majority of votes and would become the new mascot. After a vote, the new mascot was named Johnny Thunderbird. He can be seen at many of the school's athletic events, cheering on the Red Storm.

</doc>
<doc id="9791669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791669" title="Seton Hall Pirates">
Seton Hall Pirates

The Seton Hall Pirates are the athletic teams representing Seton Hall University. They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I level (non-football sub-level), primarily competing in the Big East Conference for all sports since the 1979-80 season. Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cross country, golf, soccer and swimming & diving; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, softball, swimming & diving, tennis and volleyball. Seton Hall canceled football (which was played in Division III) in 1982.
On December 15, 2012, Seton Hall and the other seven Catholic, non-FBS schools announced that they were departing the Big East for a new conference.
The school's athletic director is Patrick Lyons. The program's mascot is The Pirate and colors are blue, gray, and white.
Teams.
Men's.
Basketball.
The university first sponsored men's basketball in 1903. The program won the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) in 1953 and lost in the finals of the 1989 NCAA Tournament to Michigan, 80–79 in overtime.
Defunct.
Football.
The school sponsored football from 1882-1932 and 1973-1982. The sport's second stint at the school came in Division III. The sport was dropped in 1982 due to "the team's past losing season, inadequate facilities, decreased attendance and a general lack of support for the program."

</doc>
<doc id="9791680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791680" title="Kenneth Walker">
Kenneth Walker

Brigadier General Kenneth Newton Walker (17 July 1898 – 5 January 1943) was a United States Army aviator and a United States Army Air Forces general who exerted a significant influence on the development of airpower doctrine. He posthumously received the Medal of Honor in World War II.
Walker joined the United States Army in 1917, after the American entry into World War I. He trained as an aviator and became a flying instructor. In 1920, after the end of the war, he received a commission in the Regular Army. After service in various capacities, Walker graduated from the Air Corps Tactical School in 1929, and then served as an instructor there. He supported the creation of a separate air organization that is not subordinate to other military branches. He was a forceful advocate of the efficacy of strategic bombardment, publishing articles on the subject and becoming part of a clique known as the "Bomber Mafia" that argued for the primacy of bombardment over other forms of military aviation. He advanced the notion that fighters could not prevent a bombing attack. He participated in the Air Corps Tactical School's development of the doctrine of industrial web theory, which called for precision attacks against carefully selected critical industrial targets. Shortly before the United States entered World War II, Walker became one of four officers assigned to the Air War Plans Division, which was tasked with developing a production requirements plan for the war in the air. Together, these officers devised the AWPD-1 plan, a blueprint for the imminent air war against Germany that called for the creation of an enormous air force to win the war through strategic bombardment.
In 1942, Walker was promoted to brigadier general and transferred to the Southwest Pacific, where he became Commanding General, V Bomber Command, Fifth Air Force. The Southwest Pacific contained few strategic targets, relegating the bombers to the role of interdicting supply lines and supporting the ground forces. This resulted in a doctrinal clash between Walker and Lieutenant General George C. Kenney, an attack aviator, over the proper method of employing bombers. Walker frequently flew combat missions over New Guinea, for which he received the Silver Star. On 5 January 1943, he was shot down and killed leading a daylight bombing raid over Rabaul, for which he was awarded the Medal of Honor.
Early life and World War I.
Walker was born in Los Cerrillos, New Mexico, on 17 July 1898 to Wallace Walker and his wife Emma "née" Overturf. The family subsequently moved to Denver, Colorado. Kenneth's father left when he was young, and Emma became a single mother. Kenneth began his education at the Maria Mitchell School in Denver, Colorado, from 1905 to 1908, and then attended the Columbian School there from 1908 to 1912. He went to Central High School for a time until 1913 when he started at the Omaha High School of Commerce, from which he graduated in 1915. From January to June 1917 he took a course at the YMCA Night School in Denver. He then studied business administration at La Salle Extension University.
Walker enlisted in the United States Army in Denver, on 15 December 1917. He received flight training at the University of California's School of Military Aeronautics and at the pilot training base at Mather Field, near Sacramento, California. He was awarded his Aircrew Badge and commissioned as a temporary second lieutenant in the United States Army Air Service on 2 November 1918. He then attended the Flying Instructor's School at Brooks Field in San Antonio, Texas, and became an instructor at the flight training center at Barron Field. In March 1919, he was posted to Fort Sill as an instructor at the Air Service Flying School. During 1918, the School for Aerial Observers and the Air Service Flying School were built at nearby Post Field, where Walker spent the next four years as a pilot, instructor, supply officer, and post adjutant.
Between the wars.
Walker became one of many officers holding wartime commissions to receive a commission in the Regular Army, into which he was commissioned as a first lieutenant on 1 July 1920, but was subsequently reduced in rank to second lieutenant on 15 December 1922, another common occurrence in the aftermath of World War I when the wartime army was demobilized. Already a command pilot, he also qualified as a combat observer in 1922. He was promoted to first lieutenant again on 24 July 1924.
Walker courted Marguerite Potter, a sorority member and sociology graduate at the Norman campus of the University of Oklahoma. The two were married in September 1922. In lieu of a honeymoon, they boarded a troop transport to the Philippines on 12 December 1922. Walker initially became Commander of the Air Intelligence Section at Camp Nichols. He was then posted to the Philippine Air Depot, where he served at various times as property officer, supply officer, adjutant, and depot inspector, before ultimately being assigned to the 28th Bombardment Squadron in 1924. In August 1923 he crashed an Airco DH.4 on take off but walked away unhurt. The Walkers had two sons, Kenneth Jr., born in February 1927, and Douglas, born in January 1933.
Walker returned to the United States in February 1925 and was posted to Langley Field, where he became a member of the Air Service Board. He served successively as adjutant of the 59th Service Squadron, commander of the 11th Bombardment Squadron, and operations officer of the 2nd Bomb Group there. In June 1929 he graduated from the Air Corps Tactical School, where he studied under Captain Robert Olds, a former aide to air power pioneer Billy Mitchell and a passionate advocate of strategic bombing. He then served at the Air Corps Tactical School as an instructor under Captain Olds in the Bombardment Section until July 1933, both at Langley and at Maxwell Field, where the school was relocated in 1931. Walker became part of a small clique of Air Corps Tactical School instructors that became known as the "Bomber Mafia", that argued that bombardment was the most important form of airpower. Its members also included Haywood Hansell, Donald Wilson, Harold L. George, and Robert M. Webster, Their influence was such that, during their tenure, bombardment achieved primacy over pursuit in the development of Air Corps doctrine.
One of Walker's tasks was to rewrite the bombardment text. He felt it was flawed because it failed to drive home what he saw as the most important fact, that "bombardment aviation is the basic arm of the air force". Following the views of air power theorists Billy Mitchell, Hugh Trenchard, and Giulio Douhet, Walker enunciated two fundamental principles: that bombardment would take the form of daylight precision bombing; and that it should be directed against critical industrial targets. In his article "Driving Home the Bombardment Attack", published in the "Coast Artillery Journal" in October 1930, he argued that fighters could not prevent a bombing attack and that "the most efficacious method of stopping a bombardment attack would appear to be an offensive against the bombardment airdrome." The Bomber Mafia argued that bombers flew too high and too fast to be intercepted by fighters, that even if they were intercepted, the bombers had enough firepower to drive off their attackers, and enough armor and resilience to absorb any damage their attackers might attempt to inflict. The Air Corps Tactical School developed a doctrine that became known as industrial web theory, which called for precision attacks against carefully selected critical industrial targets. Walker drove home his belief in bombardment with a famous dictum from his lectures: "A well-organized, well-planned, and well-flown air force attack will constitute an offensive that can not be stopped."
Walker published another professional article in 1933, entitled "Bombardment Aviation: Bulwark of National Defense". "Whenever we speak in terms of 'air force' we are thinking of bombardment aviation," he wrote, dismissing other forms of aviation. This was orthodox at the Air Corps Tactical School, which taught that "every dollar which goes into the building of auxiliary aviation and special types, which types are not essential for the efficient functioning of the striking force can only occur at the expense of that air force's offensive power." Walker's major thesis was that "a determined air attack, once launched, is most difficult, if not impossible to stop when directed against land objectives." At the conclusion of his article, he renewed his call for the creation of an independent air force "as a force with a distinct mission, of importance co-equal to that of the Army and the Navy." Walker's persistent advocacy of strategic bombing led to frequent clashes with Captain Claire Chennault, who led instruction in pursuit aviation at the Air Corps Tactical School from 1931 to 1936. Chennault believed that the right mix of fighters and ground defenses could successfully defeat a bomber assault and ridiculed Walker for suggesting that bombers could not be stopped, leading to "legendary" debates between the two.
In November 1934, Walker, now a student at the Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth, testified with Robert Olds, Claire Chennault, Donald Wilson, Harold George and Robert Webster on the military aspects of aviation before the Howell Commission on Federal Aviation. All were current or former instructors at the Air Corps Tactical School, and all except Chennault were part of the Bomber Mafia. They argued for an independent air force, in contradiction to Army doctrine. Walker told the commission: "unless we create an adequate and separate Air Force, this next war 'will begin in the air and end in the mud'-in the mud and debris of the demolished industries that have brought us to our knees." They were unable to persuade the commission to recommend an independent air force, although it did agree that the Air Corps should be granted greater autonomy within the Army. The commission concluded that "there is ample reason to believe that aircraft have now passed far beyond their former position as useful auxiliaries ... An adequate striking force for use against objectives both near and remote is a necessity for a modern army".
The appearance in 1935 of the Boeing B-17 bomber gave the bombardment advocates the weapon they had long dreamt of. Not only could it carry an impressive bomb load of of bombs for or for , but its top speed of was faster than that of the contemporary P-26 fighter. Its high speed also led the bombardment advocates to downplay the danger posed by antiaircraft fire.
Walker's marriage ended in divorce in 1934, after he had an affair. He remarried and had a son named John, but his second marriage also ended in divorce. Walker graduated from the Command and General Staff School in June 1935 and was posted to Hamilton Field, first as Intelligence and Operations Officer of the 7th Bombardment Group, and then as commander of the 9th Bombardment Squadron. While landing a Martin B-12 bomber, he overshot the runway. The station commander, Brigadier General Henry Arnold reported that Walker, "supposed to be one of our best pilots, apparently cuts out completely, uses up and finally hits a concrete block and spoils a perfectly good airplane when he normally would have given her the gun and gone around again." After fifteen years in the rank, jokes circulated about his being the most senior first lieutenant in the Air Corps, but he was finally promoted to captain on 1 August 1935. He was temporary major from 20 October 1935 to 16 June 1936, and again on 4 October 1938, before the rank finally became substantive on 1 July 1940. He had another accident in 1937, when he crashed a B-17 on take off from Denver Municipal Airport but this time his flying skills were credited with saving the entire crew of nine from injury.
In 1938 Walker began a three-year tour in Hawaii, where he was operations officer of the 5th Bombardment Group at Luke Field, executive officer at Hickam Field, and then commander of the 18th Pursuit Group at Wheeler Field. Commanding a pursuit group involved a considerable change of pace for a man whose career thus far had been spent in bombers. His adjutant, First Lieutenant Bruce K. Holloway felt that Walker never demonstrated the "emotional exhilaration toward flying a high performance machine that is so typical of fighter pilots." Nor did he warm to the Curtiss P-36 Hawk fighter, especially after a near-fatal accident.
World War II.
Air War Plans Division.
Walker returned to the United States in January 1941 and joined the Air War Plans Division in the Office of the Chief of the United States Army Air Corps in Washington, D.C., as an assistant chief of staff. Brigadier General Carl Andrew Spaatz was head of the division. Lieutenant Colonels Olds and Muir S. Fairchild, old colleagues of Walker's from the Air Corps Tactical School, were two of Spaatz' assistants. Walker was promoted to temporary lieutenant colonel on 15 July 1941. In the June 1941 reorganization of the Air Corps, Spaatz became chief of staff to the Commanding General, United States Army Air Forces, Major General Henry H. Arnold, who appointed Colonel Harold L. George, a former student of Walker at the Air Corps Tactical School from 1931 to 1932, to replace Spaatz as head of the Air War Plans Division. Walker joined George's planning team, along with Majors Haywood S. Hansell and Laurence S. Kuter. All were former instructors at the Air Corps Tactical School and members of the "Bomber Mafia".
The Air War Plans Division was tasked with developing a production requirements plan for President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who wanted it by 10 September 1941. In just nine days in August 1941, George, Olds, Fairchild, Walker, Kuter and Hansell drafted the AWPD-1 plan for a war against Germany. Reflecting their belief in bombardment as the principal form of aviation, the plan was based upon the number of bombers that they estimated would be required to knock out Germany's key industries – electric power, transportation and petroleum. In order to neutralize anticipated opposition from the German Air Force, they planned for bombing aircraft factories and the sources of the light metals needed for aircraft production. These targets were collated along with the estimated tonnage of bombs required to destroy them.
The plan called for a bomber force of 98 medium, heavy and very heavy bomber groups, totaling 6,834 aircraft. Sixteen fighter groups would defend the bombers' bases. Should this bomber force prove insufficient to defeat Germany without a major land offensive, provision was made for a tactical air force of 13 light bomber groups, two photo reconnaissance groups, five fighter groups, 108 observation squadrons and 19 transport groups. In retrospect, this part of the plan represented a considerable underestimate. The plan required 2,164,916 personnel, including 103,482 pilots. At the moment though, the United States had, as General Arnold put it, "plans but not planes". Due to poor security, verbatim extracts of AWPD-1 were published in the "Chicago Tribune" and other newspapers on 4 December.
The war in Europe had cast grave doubt on the Air Corps' doctrine that fighters could not shoot down bombers and the bomber will always get through. In the Battle of Britain the British Royal Air Force had demonstrated that it could shoot down bombers, while its own bomber force had suffered such heavy losses over Germany that it had abandoned daylight bombing in favor of night raids. Nonetheless, the planners held firm in their belief that, since American bombers were better armed and armored than their British or German counterparts, the bombers would get through, even in daylight, and that enemy fighter strength could be destroyed on the ground by bombing airbases and factories. "Each of us," Kuter wrote years later, "scoffed at the idea that fighters would be needed to protect bombers, to enable bombers to reach their objective. In preparing AWPD-l, we stayed in that rut." Walker was promoted to colonel on 1 February 1942.
In April 1942 Walker joined the Operations Division (OPD) of the War Department General Staff as executive officer of Brigadier General St. Clair Streett's Theater Group. He co-authored a memorandum with Brigadier General Dwight Eisenhower in which they advanced the position that the determinations of the Joint Chiefs of Staff "must be taken as authoritative unless and until modified by the same or higher authority." After his death, Walker was awarded the Legion of Merit in recognition of his contributions as a staff officer at OPD.
Papuan Campaign.
Walker was promoted to brigadier general on 17 June 1942 and was transferred to the Southwest Pacific Area, flying to Australia in the company of Brigadier General Ennis Whitehead, another newly promoted brigadier general. The commander of Allied Air Forces there, Lieutenant General George Brett, aware that he would soon be replaced, sent the two newcomers on an inspection trip. Walker learned a great deal. He joined three combat missions over New Guinea, experiencing for himself the difficulties that his aircrews faced. He also experienced an air raid in Port Moresby. For this, Walker was awarded the Silver Star. His citation read: 
Brett's replacement, Major General George Kenney, arrived in the theater in August, and Walker was appointed Commanding General, V Bomber Command, Fifth Air Force on 3 September, with his headquarters in Townsville. At this time, Port Moresby was subject to frequent Japanese air raids, so the bombers were generally based in the Townsville area and staged through Port Moresby to minimize their chance of loss or damage on the ground. In mid-September 1942, at the height of the Kokoda Track campaign, Kenney sent Walker to Port Moresby for a few weeks to direct the advanced echelon, to give Whitehead a rest and Walker more experience. Walker attempted to lift morale by improving the men's living conditions. He made a point of small gestures of fellowship, such as standing in line with the men at meal times. But what endeared him most to his men was his willingness to share the dangers as well as their hardships, by flying a mission a week on average. In October, General Douglas MacArthur gave Kenney a dressing down for flying over the Owen Stanley Range. In turn, Kenney ordered Walker, Wilson and Whitehead not to fly any more missions. For a variety of reasons, all four of them eventually disobeyed their orders.
The Southwest Pacific was not a promising theater of war for the strategic bomber. The bombers of the day did not have the range to reach Japan from Australia, and there were no typical strategic targets in the theater other than a few oil refineries. Thus, "The air mission was to interdict Japan's sea supply lanes and enable the ground forces to conduct an island-hopping strategy." This set up a doctrinal clash between Kenney, an attack aviator, and Walker, the bomber advocate. The long-standing Air Corps tactic for attacking shipping called for large formations of high-altitude bombers. With sufficient mass, so the theory went, bombers could bracket any ship with walls of bombs, and do so from above the effective range of the ship's anti-aircraft fire. However the theoretical mass required was two orders of magnitude greater than what was available in the Southwest Pacific. A dozen or so bombers was the most that could be put together, owing to the small number of aircraft in the theater and the difficulties of keeping them serviceable. The results were therefore generally ineffective, and operations incurred heavy casualties.
Walker objected to Kenney's suggestion that the bombers conduct attacks from low level with bombs armed with instantaneous fuses. Kenney ordered Walker to try the instantaneous fuses for a couple of months, so that data could be gained about their effectiveness; a few weeks later Kenney discovered that Walker had discontinued the use of the instantaneous fuses. In November, Kenney arranged for a demonstration attack on the SS "Pruth", a ship that had sunk off Port Moresby in 1924 and was often used for target practice. After the attack Walker and Kenney took a boat out to the wreck to inspect the damage. As expected, none of the four bombs dropped had hit the stationary wreck; but the instantaneous fuses had detonated the bombs when they struck the water, and bomb fragments had torn holes in the sides of the ship. Walker reluctantly conceded the point. "Ken was okay," Kenney later recalled. "He was stubborn, over-sensitive, and a prima donna, but he worked like a dog all the time. His gang liked him a lot but he tended to get a staff of 'yes-men'. He did not like to delegate authority. I was afraid that Ken was not durable enough to last very long under the high tension of this show."
In December, Kenney learned that Whitehead had been on board a B-25 in which a Japanese antiaircraft gun had blown a hole in the wing "big enough for him to jump through without touching the sides", and that Walker had flown on a B-17 that had clipped a tree and lost part of a wing. Kenney then repeated his earlier order, explaining the reasons behind it:
On 9 January 1943, MacArthur issued a communiqué praising the forces under his command for the victory that had been achieved at Buna and announcing the award of the Distinguished Service Cross to twelve officers, including Walker.
Battle of Wau.
On 3 January 1943, Kenney received intelligence from Allied Ultra codebreakers that the Japanese were about to attempt a reinforcement run from their main base at Rabaul to Lae, on the mainland of New Guinea. He ordered Walker to carry out a full-scale dawn attack on the harbor's shipping before it could depart. Walker demurred. His bombers would have difficulty making their rendezvous if they had to leave Port Moresby in the dark. He recommended a noon attack instead. Kenney acknowledged Walker's concerns but was insistent; he preferred bombers out of formation to bombers shot down by the enemy fighters that were certain to intercept a daylight attack. In spite of this, Walker ordered that the attack be made at noon on 5 January.
Bad weather over northern Australia prevented participation by the bombers there, which left Walker with only those based at Port Moresby: six B-17s and six B-24s. This force was far too small for the tactics that he wanted to use. He flew in the lead plane, B-17 #41-24458, nicknamed "San Antonio Rose I", from the 64th Bombardment Squadron, 43rd Bombardment Group, which was piloted by Lieutenant Colonel Jack W. Bleasdale, the group's executive officer. The 64th Bombardment Squadron's commanding officer, Major Allen Lindberg was also on board. The briefing officer for the mission, Major David Hassemer, did not think that it was a good idea for so many senior officers to fly in the same plane, but his objection was overruled.
They encountered heavy flak and continuous fighter attacks. Owing to the delay, the ten-ship convoy that they were sent to attack had departed two hours earlier, but there were still plenty of targets. Forty and twenty four bombs were dropped from . The mission claimed hits on nine ships, totaling 50,000 tons. After the war, JANAC confirmed the sinking of only one Japanese merchant ship, the 5,833-ton "Keifuku Maru". Two other ships were damaged, as was the destroyer . Two B-17s were shot down, including Walker's.
Fred Wesche flew the 5 January mission over Rabaul. He later recalled:
Kenney was furious when he discovered that Walker had not only changed the takeoff time without notice, but had also defied his orders by accompanying the mission. He told MacArthur that when Walker showed up he was going to give him a reprimand and send him back to Australia on leave for two weeks. "Alright George," MacArthur replied, "but if he doesn't come back, I'm going to send his name in to Washington recommending him for a Congressional Medal of Honor." All available aircraft were sent to search for Walker, preventing attacks on the Japanese convoy as it headed for Lae. They managed to locate and rescue the crew of the other B-17 that had been shot down in the raid, but not Walker's.
MacArthur's recommendation therefore went ahead. The Adjutant General, Major General James A. Ulio, queried whether it was "considered above and beyond the call of duty for the commanding officer of a bomber command to accompany it on bombing missions against enemy held territory." Major General George Stratemeyer, the chief of the air staff, replied that it was. In March 1943, Roosevelt presented Kenneth Walker Jr. with the medal in a ceremony at the White House. It was one of 38 Medals of Honor awarded to flying personnel of the US Army Air Forces in World War II. The citation read: 
Neither Walker's body nor the wreck of his aircraft was found, and as of June 2013 it remains undiscovered. Walker was therefore listed on the Tablets of the Missing at Manila American Cemetery and Memorial, Philippines, where servicemen missing in action or buried at sea in the Southwest Pacific are commemorated. On 7 December 2001, a headstone marker was erected in Section MC-36M of Arlington National Cemetery to give family members a place to gather in the United States.
Awards and decorations.
General Walker's military awards include:
Legacy.
In January 1948, Roswell Army Air Field in Roswell, New Mexico, was renamed Walker Air Force Base in honor of Walker. The base was inactivated on 2 July 1965 and closed on 30 June 1967. Walker Hall, and its Walker Air Power Room, at Maxwell Air Force Base, home of the Air Force Doctrine Development and Education Center, are also named after him. The Walker Papers is an Air Force Fellows program that annually honors the top three research papers produced by Air Force Fellows with the Walker Series award. The Walker Series recognizes the contributions each Fellow has made to research supporting air and space power and its use in the implementation of US strategic policy.

</doc>
<doc id="9791681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791681" title="Roviana language">
Roviana language

Roviana is a member of the North West Solomonic branch of Oceanic languages. It is spoken around Roviana and Vonavona lagoons at the north central New Georgia in the Solomon Islands. It has 9,870 first-language speakers and an additional 16,000 people mostly over 30 years old speak it as a second language (Raymond 2005).In the past, Roviana was widely used as a trade language and further used as a lingua franca especially for church purposes in the Western Province but now it is being replaced by the Solomon Islands Pijin. Few published studies on Roviana language include: Ray (1926), Waterhouse (1949) and Todd (1978) contain the syntax of Roviana language.
Corston-Oliver (1996 & 2002) discuss about the ergativity in Roviana.
Todd (2000) and Ross (1988) discuss the clause structure in Roviana.
Phonology and Orthography.
The Roviana alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet and consists of the above letters.
allophones:
V → V: / stressed Vs
V → Ṽ / _N
(C)V
Diphthongs
There are five diphthongs; , , , , and 
The majority of lexical morphemes consist of two or three syllables. Lexical morphemes consisting of four syllables or a single syllable are uncommon whereas morphemes consisting of more than four syllables have never occurred.
Stress is not contrastive.
(i) Roots of one syllable, with the exception of prepositions and articles;
(ii) Roots of two syllables are stressed on the initial syllables;
(iii) Roots of more than two syllables are stressed on the first and second syllables;
The nominalising infix occurs within the first syllable of the root, it always receives stress;
All material which precedes the root (prefixes and reduplicated material) is assigned stress as if it were a single root;
The transitive suffix takes stress;
Other suffixes, however, do not take stress and are ignored in determining the placement of stress. Material following the root is not treated as a unit for the purpose of stress assignment;
The suffix does not receive stress.
Stress is assigned independently to each root in a compound:
Syntax.
Roviana word order is verb–subject–object (VSO).
Pronouns
Pronominal suffixes
 
These are suffixed to direct/inalienable possessions such as kin terms and parts of the body.
lima -na 
-3SG 
'his/her/its hand'
tama -qu 
1SG 
'my father'
Preposed possessor
These are suffixed to indirect or alienable possessions:
nana hore 
3SG canoe 
'his/her canoe'
mia popoa 
2SG home
'their home'
Postposed possessor
These are suffixed to a second kind of indirect or alienable possessions:
Hie sa lose tanisa
DEF room POSS:3PL
'This is his/her room'
The possessive for food is prefixed ge or ga:
gemi ginani
food
'your food'
The possessive for desire is prefixed o or e:
equ puta
sleep
'I want to sleep'
Interrogative Pronouns
Indefinite Pronouns
Demonstrative Pronouns
Nouns
There are two classes of nouns in Roviana. The first includes kin terms,body parts and some local nouns. These are used with suffixed personal pronouns such as:
"tinaqu - 'my mother'; mata-na - 'her/his /its eyes'"
Nouns of the second class are used with separate possessive words such as:
"qua buka - 'my book'; nana vetu - 'his/her/its house
Local nouns are formed from verbs by the suffix 'ana'. They denote a place where an action is performed:
"habotu - 'sit'; habo-habotu-ana - 'chair'"
Nouns are formed from verbs & adjectives by the infix . When the verb or adjective begins with a vowel, is prefixed:
"ene - 'to walk'; inene - 'a journey'"
When the verb or adjective begins a consonant in is infixed after the first consonant:
"kera - 'sing'; kinera -'song'"
A noun can also be formed by in from the causative or repriciprocal forms of verbs:
"gila -'to know'; vagila - 'to show'; vinagila-gila - 'a sign
Demonstratives
Articles in Roviana occur before the noun, marking the noun phrase as common or proper. Roviana has definite and indefinite articles.
The indefinite article is 'na':
na nana buka
POSS: 3SG book
'his/her book'
na can also be exchanged with sa
"sa hore 'the canoe' "
'na' and 'sa' may also be applied with pl.nouns:
na tie habahuala-di
person poor POSS:3PL
'the poor people'
The definite article is 'sa'
sa dia vetu
POSS:3PL house
'their house'
The personal articles are the non- absolutive 'e' and absolutive 'se'.
E is commonly used with a proper noun in the subjective case, 'se' in the objective:
Dogoria rau se Nate rane sarere lahe.
1SG ABS Nate rane sarere lahe
'I saw Nate last Saturday.'
Imperative and Interrogative sentences
Imperative sentences
An actor can optionally be omitted (1); otherwise there is no structural difference from a declarative clause (2).
"La (si goi)."
go ABS 2SG
‘Go!’
"Va-mae-a sa magu."
CAUS-come-3SG DEF knife
‘Give me the knife!’
Interrogative sentences
Yes-no questions are structurally identical to declaratives, but have a distinct rising intonation. The two single word answers are uve ‘yes’ and lokari ‘no’.
Wh-questions or information questions contain an interrogative phrase in focus position (i.e. clause initial) and optionally is followed by the focal particle si; for example,
"ae" ‘where?’
"esei" ‘who?’
"kavisa" ‘how many/much?’
"sa" ‘what?’
"vea" ‘how?, why?’
"Esei poza-mu si agoi?"
who name-2SG FOC 2SG:FOC
‘What is your name?’ (Lit: ‘Who is your name?’)
Interrogative morphemes are frequently preceded by the disjunctive particle na;
"na vea ke" ‘why?’
"na sa" ‘what?’
Complex sentences
Coordination
Coordination is marked by a conjunction between the two clauses; the conjunction belongs with the second clause;
"ba" ‘but’
"ke" ‘so, thus’
"me(ke)" 'and' > me is far more common in texts
"na" 'or'
"pude" 'purposive'
"tiqe" 'then'
"Gina tourism kamahire kote sage mae ba lopu ta-gilana."
maybe tourism now FUT go.up come but NEG PASS-know
‘Maybe tourism will pick up, but we don’t know.’
-Subordination-
Three major classes are relative clauses, complement clauses and adverbial clauses.
Relative clauses
Relative clauses follow the head N and are introduced by the invariant relative clause marker sapu. They may only be formed on A, S and O and on the argument nominal of a verbless clause. More detailed explanation is below.
Complement clauses
Complement clauses are introduced by the subordinator sapu; otherwise, no different from the main clauses.
Complement clauses occur after Vs of cognition, speech or perception, whereas subordinate clauses (with the exception of relative clauses) occur in focus position;
"Lopu hiva-ni-a ri sapu tangin-i-a rau sa vineki."
NEG like-TR-3SG 3PL C hold-TR-3SG 1SG DEF girl
‘They didn’t like me holding the girl.’ (Lit: ‘They didn’t like it, that I was holding the girl.’)
Complement clauses are considered to be intermediate between main and subordinate clauses. In texts, complement clauses in Roviana are rare. Direct quotation is more frequent than subordination to higher predicates of information, while epistemic modals (e.g. gina ‘maybe’, tu ‘EMPH) are often used rather than subordination to higher predicates of cognition. (ergativity)
Adverbial clauses
Adverbial clauses occur in focus position and never contain new mentions in core argument positions. They are introduced by a subordinator and followed by the focal particle si, a consequence of being in focus position;
"beto" 'after'
"pude" 'if'
"totoso" 'while, when'
"Ke beto vagi ri sarina avoso si la buna-i-a ri sa vasina asa."
so after gather 3PL DEF:PL know FOC go bomb-TR-3SG 3PL DEF place that
‘So after they had gathered all the information, they went and bombed that place.’
Subordination is extremely limited in Roviana. Subordinate clauses never contain other subordinate clauses, nor do they contain relative clauses. Similarly, relative clauses do not contain either subordinate clauses or relative clauses.
Ergativity
The subject of an intransitive verb has the same morphological marker as a direct object, and a different morphological marker from the subject of a transitive V.
A- transitive subject, O- transitive direct object, S- intransitive subject respectively.
Whether Roviana is an ergative language or not is argumentative, however, relative clauses in this language can be categorised by ergativity, so it can be described as an ergative language.
-Relative clauses-
Relative clauses in Roviana follow the head N and are introduced by an invariant relative marker sapu. The coreferent of the N in the matrix clause is never overt within the relative clause. This feature may be according to whether the notional coreferent within the relative clause is A, S or O.
Relative clauses on A
Relative clauses on A use clausal nominalisation. The notional A has no overt realisation. The nominalised verb in a relative clause on A carries a suffix ‘NSUF’, which is also used to index the possessor in possessives;
"sa huda noma-na"
DEF tree big-3SG.NSUF
‘the big tree’
When the O in the relative clause is a proper N, it is marked with the article e;
"Hierana sa koreo sapu tupa-na e Zone."
this DEF boy REL punch-3SG.NSUF ART John
‘This is the boy that punched John.’
Relative clauses on S
Given that the coreferent in the relative clause does not have overt realisation;
"Hierana sa tie sapu kote taloa."
this DEF man REL FUT leave
‘This is the man who is going away.’
Relative clauses on O
In relative clauses on O, A is overt in the relative clause and full verbal morphology is used to index the O. The nominal suffixes are not used in relative clauses on O;
"Hierana sa koreo sapu tupa-i-a e Zone."
this DEF boy REL punch-TR-3SG.DO ART John
‘This is the boy that John punched.’
In the context of a relative clause which is by definition subordinate, e is glossed simply ART, since it is used with proper Ns which are A or O. These following two examples have got e; the first one is on A whereas the second one is on O.
"Hierana sa koreo sapu tupa-na e Zone."
this DEF boy REL punch-3SG.NSUF ART John
‘This is the boy that punched John.’
"Hierana sa koreo sapu tupa-i-a e Zone."
this DEF boy REL punch-TR-3SG.DO ART John
‘This is the boy that John punched.’
-‘WHEN’ clauses-
‘When’ clauses are introduced by the subordinator totoso ‘time’ or the syncopated form totso, but they do not specify the precise nature of the temporal relation involved;
"Totso koa goi pa korapa tropic si kaqu pezaku lamo si goi."
time stay you.SG PREP inside tropic FOC must wash.hands always ABS you.SG
‘When you stay in the tropics, you must always wash your hands.’
-‘AFTER’ clauses-
The event of an ‘after’ clause is introduced by the subordinator beto ‘finish’ and temporally precedes the event of the matrix clause to which it is syntactically subordinate;
"Ke beto vagiri sarina avoso si 1a buna-i-a ri sa "
so finish gather they DEF.PL know FOC go bomb-TR-3SG.DO they.ERG DEF
"vasina asa."
place that
‘So after they had gathered all the information, they went and bombed that place.’
-‘CONTEMPORANEOUS’ clauses-
‘Contemporaneous’ clauses have imperfective aspect, usually accompanied by reduplication of the verb, with the meaning ‘While …-ing’ or ‘As …-ing’;
"En-ene ri la hoirana si tutuvi-a ri se Manue."
DUP-walk they go there FOC meet-3SG.DO they.ERG ABS Possum
‘As they were walking along, they met Possum.’
-Conditionals-
In a conditional, the protasis is a subordinate clause. As with the subordinate clauses, there is a neutral system of case marking;
"...ba pude gore vura mae sa si kote taloa si rau."
but if go.down come.out come it FOC FUT leave ABS I
‘...but if it works out, I'll leave.’

</doc>
<doc id="9791688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791688" title="Josef Wallnig">
Josef Wallnig

Josef Wallnig is an Austrian conductor. He studied piano and composition at the "Hochschule für Musik und darstellende Kunst Mozarteum" in Salzburg, and also studied piano, composition, and conducting at the "Hochschule für Musik und darstellende Kunst, Wien".
Wallnig has conducted both operas and concerts in the United States of America, Japan, Korea, Russia, Egypt, Bulgaria, Romania, Germany, Italy, among others. He has also conducted for recordings. He was given the title of Artistic Director of the Mozart Opera Studies Institute, and became the Vice Artistic Director of the Mozart-Chor Salzburg in 1992.
Wallnig teaches at American and Japanese musical conservatories.
External links.
Current Bio at Mozarteum

</doc>
<doc id="9791697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791697" title="Every Morning (Sugar Ray song)">
Every Morning (Sugar Ray song)

"Every Morning" is the second track of Sugar Ray's third album "". It was one of Sugar Ray's most successful singles, climbing to #1 on the "Billboard" Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. It also peaked at the top of Canada's singles chart, #3 on the Billboard Hot 100 in April 1999 (#2 Hot 100 Airplay), and #10 on the UK Singles Chart. It reached #98 on the Triple J Hottest 100, 1999, Australia's largest annual music poll.
Composition.
The chorus of the song samples "Suavecito" by the Chicano music group Malo, as well as Hugh Masekela's 1968 hit "Grazing in the Grass". Mark McGrath explained to MTV News, "We referenced 'Suavecito' because growing up in California, you know, that was just like the low rider anthem. Any car show or swap meet you'd ever go by, you'd always hear that and that just stuck in your mind." He added, "We actually came up with that part, and it was very similar to Malo's part. We were sort of imitating it, and then we said, 'Let's just leave it, we're gonna change it later.' It really makes the song – we think – so we just left it."

</doc>
<doc id="9791703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791703" title="The Essential Toni Braxton">
The Essential Toni Braxton

The Essential Toni Braxton is a compilation album by the American recording artist Toni Braxton in Sony BMG's "The Essential" series. Released in February 2007, it follows the earlier compilations "Ultimate Toni Braxton", released in 2003, and Braxton's "Platinum & Gold Collection", released in 2004. "The Essential" is a 2 disc album with thirty-six of Braxton's best songs. It also includes a previously unreleased song, "The Time of Our Lives", and a song done with her sister group The Braxtons, "The Good Life". In Brazil, the album was released under the name "The Best So Far" with an alternative cover and a different tracklist.
Background.
"The Essential Toni Braxton" became Braxton's second compilation, following 2003's "Ultimate Toni Braxton". The compilation contains 2 discs, with the first containing the majority of her hits, and the second containing non-singles from her previous albums, as well as remixes, collaborations and unreleased tracks. It was released on February 20, 2007 in the United States. In Brazil, the compilation was released with a different name and tracklist, being titled, "The Best So Far", with 14 tracks, and it was released in April, 2007.
Content.
In addition to her previous hits, including "Another Sad Love Song", "Breathe Again", "Un-Break My Heart", "You're Makin' Me High", "He Wasn't Man Enough" and others, the first disc contains "Tell Me", from her 2002 album "More Than a Woman" and "Give U My Heart", a duet with Babyface to the soundtrack of the 1992 film "Boomerang". The second disc contains some singles who performed very moderate on charts, such as "Hit the Freeway", many songs from her 1996 album "Secrets", the duet with Il Divo, "The Time of Our Lives", remixes from her remix compilation, "", as well as her first single with her sisters, The Braxtons, called "Good Life". 
The tracklist for the Brazilian version was composed with the songs from the compilation, with the exception of "Spanish Guitar", that is featured on the regular version, instead of the "Royal Garden" remix present on "The Essential". The singles "I Love Me Some Him" and "Hit the Freeway weren't on the Brazilian edition.
Critical reception.
Andy Kellman of "Allmusic" gave to the compilation a rating of 4.5 out of 5 stars, writing that the album "amounts to an expanded update of 2003's Ultimate Toni Braxton, nearly doubling the content and digging deeper into the discography of one of the biggest R&B artists of the '90s. With the exception of favoring the R. Kelly remix of "How Many Ways" over the original, this set retains Ultimate's core 15 tracks while wisely choosing to use the studio version of "Seven Whole Days" instead of a live take. [...] Another pleasant surprise, tucked at the very end, is the inclusion of "Good Life," a 1990 single released by Toni and her four sisters as the Braxtons. If you want only the big hits, Ultimate will still do fine, but this set offers a more rounded and representative look back." 
Mike Joseph of "PopMatters" gave the album 5 out of 10 stars, writing that, "It’s hard to imagine why this album was even released. [...] and while it’s a nice thing to have, it’s by no means essential. This compilation contains just about every popular note Braxton ever offered, with a couple of mediocre dance mixes thrown in to add a bit of value to the project. [...] As a single disc containing all the necessary hits, it’s the album you should probably bypass this bloated Essential set in favor of."
Chart performance.
"The Essential Toni Braxton" charted on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, peaking at number 48, remaining for two weeks on the chart. The Brazilian version, titled "The Best So Far", was a success in Brazil, reaching a gold status, for selling over 30,000 copies, and later receiving a platinum certification, for selling over 60,000 copies. 

</doc>
<doc id="9791731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791731" title="Northend, Buckinghamshire">
Northend, Buckinghamshire

Northend is a village that straddles the border of the two English counties of Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire. The eastern half is in the civil parish of Turville in Buckinghamshire, while the western half is across the border into Oxfordshire, in the Watlington parish.

</doc>
<doc id="9791734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791734" title="Simbo language">
Simbo language

Simbo is an Oceanic language spoken by about 2,700 people on Simbo Island, Solomon Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="9791752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791752" title="McGill Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences">
McGill Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences

The Department of Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences of McGill University is the largest university atmospheric-oceanic sciences group in Canada. In 2012, it has 11 Faculty and 6 Associate Faculty members, 5 support staff, 14 research associates and postdoctoral fellows, and 31 graduate students. It is known worldwide, in particular for weather radar research and Arctic studies. It has operated the second oldest weather observatory in Canada since 1862.
History.
Since 1840, Charles Smallwood, a medical doctor and avid amateur meteorologist, was taking daily weather reports at his house in the village of Saint-Martin on Île Jésus (now Laval a suburb of Montreal). He was named "honorary professor" in Meteorology at McGill University in 1856, and at his suggestion, the first McGill Weather Observatory was established in 1862. The first instruments were donated by Smallwood et he was the first director of the Observatory. Since then, there is regular measurement of meteorological variables taken on University grounds, one of the longest record in Canada.
After the death of Smallwood in 1873, the position of professor in Meteorology was not filled for 88 years. However, the director of the Observatory was, and the second to occupy this post was the engineer C. H. McLeod, an assistant to Smallwood since his university days. McLeod began his term while Canada was setting up a Meteorological Service. He was instrumental to its development and to research on the subject by McGill. Professors of the McGill's Physics department began to work on meteorological projects and later, professors from Geography did too.
Following the Second World War, two active atmospheric research groups emerged at McGill. Dr J. Stewart Marshall and R.H. Douglas led a radar meteorology group ("Stormy Weather Group") in the Physics Department, and Dr F. Kenneth Hare directed an arctic meteorology program in Geography. These two groups united in 1959 to form the Department of Meteorology. In 1986, McGill University formed the first Canadian group of research on climate with the National Research Council of Canada (CNRC). Four years later, the mandate was widened, and its staffing enlarged. It is now the "Centre for Climate and Global Change Research" ("C2GCR"). The department started the "Centre for research in mesoscale meteorology", in collaboration with the Meteorological Service of Canada, and it operates J. S. Marshall Radar Observatory since 1968.
Since 1850, McGill has been involved in oceanography but the main development in this field came when the "Centre for Marine Studies" was created in 1963, later renamed "Oceanographical Institute". Under the leadership of Dr Max J. Dunbar, the Institute was managing Master and Doctorate programs in physical oceanography, and marine biology. In 1987, the Institute because the McGill department of Oceanography. In January 1992, the Meteorology department became the "Department of Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences" when the Oceanography department merged with it. 
Since its creation, the Department has been a Canadian leader in the training of many distinguished atmospheric scientists. McGill has awarded over 230 MSc degrees and more than 80 Ph.D. degrees in this field.
Programs.
The department offers a BSc degree, with courses in atmospheric dynamics, thermodynamics and chimistry, in cloud physics, in climatology and general oceanography. The students maybe follow training toward research, a teaching, or operational meteorologist. The department offers one year certificates for students coming from other deprtement, like physics, to pursue MSc and PhD programs in Meteorology and Oceanography.
In MSc and PhD, the speciality are:

</doc>
<doc id="9791754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791754" title="Contraband (disambiguation)">
Contraband (disambiguation)

Contraband refers to goods which are illegal to possess or trade.
Contraband may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9791769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791769" title="Ughele language">
Ughele language

Ughele is an Oceanic language spoken by about 1200 people on Rendova Island, Solomon Islands. There is no internal dialect differentiation.

</doc>
<doc id="9791772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791772" title="1938 French Grand Prix">
1938 French Grand Prix

The 1938 French Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held at Reims-Gueux on 3 July 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="9791777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791777" title="Essentials of Fire Fighting">
Essentials of Fire Fighting

Essentials of Fire Fighting is a fire service training manual produced by Fire Protection Publications (FPP) and the International Fire Service Training Association (IFSTA). Fire Protection Publications is a department of the College of Engineering, Architecture, and Technology (CEAT) a division within Oklahoma State University (OSU), in Stillwater, Oklahoma. This manual is used by fire service training agencies and departments around the world to train personnel to become firefighters. The Essentials of Fire Fighting is the required training manual used in countless local fire departments and state/provincial training agencies in every region of the United States and Canada.
IFSTA – a publisher of fire service training materials is in partnership with Brady, a publisher of EMS training materials. The result of this partnership is Essentials of Fire Fighting and Fire Department Operations, 6th Edition. This version includes all 21 chapters of Essentials of Fire Fighting, 6th Edition and adds three chapters written and validated to meet the emergency medical and hazardous materials requirements of NFPA 1001, 2013 Edition. Chapter 22 specifically addresses the Firefighter I and Firefighter II knowledge and skills requirements for the emergency medical care competencies identified in NFPA 1001, 2013 Edition Chapter 4. Chapters 23 and 24 meet the First Responder Awareness and Operations Levels for Responders according to NFPA 472: Standard for Competence of Responders to Hazardous Materials/Weapons of Mass Destruction Incidents, 2012 Edition and OSHA 1910.120. The chapters also provide validated content to meet Section 6.6, Mission-Specific Competencies: Product Control, of NFPA 472. The hazardous materials information is adapted from the IFSTA Hazardous Materials for First Responders, 4th Edition.
History of the Essentials of Fire Fighting.
In 1934, the Western Actuarial Bureau sponsored a meeting in Kansas City to begin the process of gaining consensus on common training methods and techniques. State fire training directors from Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, and Arkansas attended and the Fire Service Training Association (FSTA) was formed. By its next meeting in 1935, 16 states were represented and more joined every year thereafter. Oklahoma A&M College (OAMC) was chosen to publish the manuals to be developed by the Fire Service Training Association. In 1935, two planographed, hardbound books were produced: Elementary Science Applied to the Firefighting Service and Ladders.
Eventually a total of ten topics were covered and published in 1937. Because of their red covers, the fire service called them “The Redbooks.” The ten original “Redbooks” were:
In 1955, FSTA becomes the International Fire Service Training Association or IFSTA when the first Canadian officials attend and participate. In 1957, Oklahoma A&M College became Oklahoma State University. Throughout the 1950s and 1960s IFSTA became more active in the U.S. fire service. IFSTA was a participant in the Williamsburg meeting that led to the formation of the Joint Council of National Fire Service Organizations. Everett Hudiburg, director of IFSTA, was selected to chair the Joint Council and spearheaded the formation of the National Professional Qualifications Board (Pro Board). The Pro Board developed professional qualifications standards and a national certification system. The four original professional qualifications standards adopted in 1974 included:
IFSTA realized that its products could be used to assist firefighters in achieving certification. IFSTA manuals were then revised to ensure they covered the standards. It was apparent that it would be impractical for firefighters to have to buy at least 10 manuals to meet the firefighter certification requirements. 
It was decided that a single manual should be developed to assist firefighters in achieving certification, and thus the Essentials of Fire Fighting was born. Carroll Herring, director of the Louisiana Fireman Training Program (now known as the Louisiana State University Fire and Emergency Training Institute, is credited with recommending the title of Essentials of Fire Fighting. The first edition of Essentials of Fire Fighting was published in 1977 and subsequent editions have been published in 1983, 1992, and 1998. The latest edition (5th) was first printed in January 2008.
The Essentials of Fire Fighting, 4th edition.
The 4th edition of Essentials of Fire Fighting addresses the 1997 edition and is correlated to the 2002 edition of National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) Standard 1001, Standard for Fire Fighter Professional Qualifications. This standard is widely accepted as the standard of knowledge and skills measurement for all firefighters in North America and beyond. This IFSTA manual includes an appendix list of the job performance requirements from the NFPA standard and a cross reference of the NFPA requirements to the chapters of Essentials.

</doc>
<doc id="9791786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791786" title="Niakwa Country Club">
Niakwa Country Club

Niakwa Country Club is a country club and golf course in Winnipeg, Canada. The 18-hole course was designed in 1923 by Stanley Thompson, the premier Canadian golf course architect of his time. It is considered one of the most challenging and difficult par 72s in Winnipeg. The Club has hosted several national championship events. In 1946, 1952 and 1960 the course served as venue for the Canadian PGA Championship. The Canadian Open was held at Niakwa in 1961. Niakwa hosted the RCGA Men's Amateur Championship in 1974, and the Canadian Ladies' Amateur Championship in 1956, 1972, and 2001. The Winnipeg Open, a PGA Tour event, was hosted by Niakwa in 1946, and was won by Ben Hogan. 

</doc>
<doc id="9791796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791796" title="Mikhail Iampolski">
Mikhail Iampolski

Mikhail Beneaminovich Iampolski (Михаил Бениаминович Ямпольский) is an associate professor of comparative literature and Russian and Slavic studies at New York University. He is the author of "The Memory of Tiresias".

</doc>
<doc id="9791832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791832" title="John Creighton, 1st Earl Erne">
John Creighton, 1st Earl Erne

John Creighton, 1st Earl Erne PC (1731 – 15 December 1828), known as The Lord Erne between 1772 and 1781 and as The Viscount Erne between 1781 and 1789, was an Irish peer and politician.
Erne was the son of Abraham Creighton, 1st Baron Erne, and succeeded his father as second Baron in 1772. Between 1761 and 1773, he represented Lifford in the Irish House of Commons. In 1781 he was created Viscount Erne, of Crom Castle in the County of Fermanagh, and in 1789 he was further honoured when he was made Earl Erne, of Crom Castle in the County of Fermanagh. He sat from 1800 to 1828 as one of the 28 original Irish Representative peers in the British House of Lords. 
Lord Erne married, firstly, Catherine Howard, daughter of the Right Reverend Robert Howard, in 1761. After her death in 1775 he married, secondly, Lady Mary Caroline Hervey, daughter of Frederick Augustus Hervey, 4th Earl of Bristol, in 1776. He died in December 1828 and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son Abraham. His daughter by his 2nd wife, Caroline, married the 1st Baron Wharncliffe.

</doc>
<doc id="9791838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791838" title="Codex Azcatitlan">
Codex Azcatitlan

The Codex Azcatitlan details the history of the Mexica from their migration from Aztlán to the Spanish conquest of Mexico and Christianization. The exact date it was written is not known, it is presumed it was written sometime between the mid 16th and 17th centuries.
Contents.
The text consists of pictorial Aztec codex, with pictorial representations and glyphs accompanied by Nahuatl gloss, with Latin characters descriptions, the story told. 
It is composed of three parts.
The first deals on an analytical mode the Aztec history since leaving the legendary Aztlán (a gloss mentions the name of Azcatitlan) in year 1-Pedernal (Flint) (gloss designated as 1168) until the Tenochtitlan founding.
The second part deals with the Aztec Tlatoanis history.
The last part, quite diverse, deals with the arrival of the Spanish and the beginnings of the conquest of the Aztec Empire.
Style.
The codex contains stylistic innovations such as volume and space suggestion, using color attenuation for this purpose. Remarkably, the drawings depict clothing folds, as well as an empirical perspective as well as composition.
Name.
Unlike most other Mesoamerican codices, the name of this codex is not one of its owners, but its contents. Indeed, it is drawn with a Gloss indicating that the place of departure of the Aztec migration is Azcatitlan (derivative of Aztlan).
Characteristics.
It consists of 25 European paper 21 x 28 cm sheets (50 pages), painted on both sides.
All pages contain color drawings and are in excellent state of preservation. Six pages of this document are lost and it is known they are missing since ancient times. The document was restored in 1959.
The codex is fastened in the European style.
History.
The first document information is in the "Indian Historical Museum" catalogue (1702–1755) and it was owned by Lorenzo Boturini Bernaducci. This famous collector personally bought indigenous codices and when he was arrested and subsequently deported Spain, his collection was confiscated.
Subsequently the Codex is mentioned in the 19th century by Joseph Marius Alexis Aubin, who later sold his collection to Eugène Goupil. Upon his death, his widow donated the codex to the Bibliothèque nationale de France in 1898.
Authors.
The authors and the date of preparation of this document are unknown, but several elements show that it is a colonial codex.
In fact, the binding method and painting style, mixing indigenous and European artistic conventions, notably by the use of perspectives, suggest that the book is not earlier than the second half of the 16th century. 
Michel Graulich considers the glosses are contemporary paintings and note the handwriting of these glosses resembles the style of other works of the last third of the 16th century.
The codex seems to have been made by at least two painters-scribes (Tlacuiloque) with different styles.

</doc>
<doc id="9791844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791844" title="Technomage (video game)">
Technomage (video game)

Technomage is a video game released by German game developer Sunflowers. "Technomage" was only ever released in PAL territories.
Storyline.
The player character, Melvin, must save the world of Gothos from destruction. The people of Gothos are split into two types, the magic using Dreamers, and the technological Steamers. Melvin is half Dreamer, half Steamer. Melvin starts in his hometown of Dreamertown, when it is attacked by monsters. He is blamed, and taken to trial to be exiled. His uncle then teaches you the "basics", pending your exile. This section serves as the tutorial stage. After this you leave Dreamertown and head to Steamertown, on your adventure to find your father.
After passing Steamertown, Melvin enters a huge underground labyrinth called "The Hive", where his father vanished during an expedition. The Hive is a vast network built by the former rulers of Gothos. It contains grave complexes, libraries and laboratories; Melvin finds the first crystal of eternity there. When he leaves the Hive, he steps into the Great Forest, the realm of the fairies. They suffer from goblin uproars which are stopped by Melvin who then joins a pair of Shach traders on their journey to the canyon. Here, Melvin encounters Dagomar for the first time, the last survivor of the former rulers of Gothos. He acts as Melvin's mentor and guide. Also, Melvin befriends Talis, a girl who lives in exile because she also is half Dreamer, half Steamer.
After clearing the canyon's mines, they travel to the tower, the former rulers' fortress of knowledge, which is now haunted by an undead dragon. As Melvin kills the dragon, another dragon is freed who takes Melvin to the volcano, which is where the Shach traders live. In the deeper levels of the volcano's caves, Melvin discovers more artifacts and buildings from the former rulers, as well as a map which leads him, talis and the dragon to the ancient ruins of the former capital of Gothos. Here, Dagomar drops his disguise and Melvin has to find out that he is Ramogad, the traitor who led to the downfall of the former rulers. After a big fight against Ramogad, Melvin uses the crystals of eternity found in the different regions of Gothos to reactivate both a stasis trap to stop Ramogad and a barrier device which uses a magic liquid to shield Gothos from the demon realms below. Talis then helps Melvin to escape the collapsing ruins and they fly across the ocean towards the sun.

</doc>
<doc id="9791889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791889" title="Applied and Environmental Microbiology">
Applied and Environmental Microbiology

Applied and Environmental Microbiology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Microbiology. It was established in 1953 as Applied Microbiology and obtained its current name in 1975. Articles older than six months are available free of cost from the website, however, the newly published articles within six months are available to subscribers only. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 3.678. The journal has been ranked as one of the top 100 journals over the past 100 years in the fields of biology and medicine. The current editor-in-chief is Harold L. Drake (University of Bayreuth).
The journal's scope includes "(a) applied microbiology, including biotechnology, protein engineering, bioremediation, and food microbiology, (b) microbial ecology, including environmental, organismic, and genomic microbiology, and (c) interdisciplinary microbiology, including invertebrate microbiology, plant microbiology, aquatic microbiology, and geomicrobiology".

</doc>
<doc id="9791894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791894" title="Fly by II">
Fly by II

"Fly by II" is a song recorded by English boy band Blue. It was released on 18 March 2002 as the fourth and final single released from their debut studio album "All Rise" (2001). The released included the first ever non-album exclusive, "Love R.I.P". The song is a remixed version of the "All Rise" album track "Fly By", which samples the song "Rise" by Herb Alpert while this song samples from The Notorious B.I.G.'s "Hyptonized". "Rise" was a number-one hit record in America and was written by Randy Badazz Alpert and Andy Armer.
"Fly by II" reached number six on the UK Singles Chart. The song is also notable as being the only song associated with "All Rise" to be recorded at Blue's famous recording partnership Metropilis Studios, which has been the venue for such recording artists as Madonna and Mick Jagger.
Music video.
The video for "Fly by II" is a typical video from Blue. It features the lads in a car driving to an underground hangout which includes breakdancing, dominoes and rap battling. The boys then proceed to go upstairs to a rave club, and it then moves to them dancing in the club, while performing which starred Ricky Whittle.

</doc>
<doc id="9791902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791902" title="2007 UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup">
2007 UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup

The 2007 UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup was the sixth UEFA-CAF Meridian Cup, an intercontinental football competition for the representative under-18 teams of Europe and Africa. The competition, being held as a two-legged tie for the first time, was played in Barcelona, Spain, on 27 February and 1 March 2007. This was the first Meridian Cup under a new format; the two confederations were pitted against each other, whereas in past tournaments individual countries from said confederations competed.

</doc>
<doc id="9791918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791918" title="John Bradshaw Gass">
John Bradshaw Gass

John Bradshaw Gass (18 June 1855 – 3 July 1939) was a British architect and artist.
Biography.
Gass was born in Britain. He was a nephew of J. J. Bradshaw, the founder of Bradshaw Gass & Hope. He received the Ashbury Prize for Civil Engineering at Owens College (later Manchester University). He assisted Sir Ernest George in London, before becoming a pupil of his uncle in Bolton in 1880.
In 1882, when Gass became a partner, the firm adopted the style Bradshaw & Gass.
Like Sir Edwin Lutyens, another traditionalist and pupil of Ernest George, Gass designed country houses in period and vernacular styles.
From 1917 to 1925 Gass designed the Methodist College at Medak in Andhra Pradesh, south India; which, like Lutyens’ work at New Delhi, is organised in the grand manner around a central axis.
Gass was also a keen watercolour artist, and first exhibited his work at the Royal Academy in 1879. In later life, when he had less architectural input at Bradshaw Gass & Hope, he frequently travelled and he filled more than twenty albums with his sketches of North Africa and Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9791965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791965" title="Arthur John Hope">
Arthur John Hope

Arthur John Hope, known as “AJ” (1875–1960) was an architect and president of the Manchester Society of Architects (1924). He was born in Atherton, Greater Manchester, then in the historic county of Lancashire.
Hope entered the office of Bradshaw & Gass in 1892 as a pupil and was made a partner ten years later creating Bradshaw, Gass & Hope (after 1912 Bradshaw Gass & Hope).
Hope was respected as a building planner but was a poor draftsman and required a large number of assistants to interpret his ideas. By the 1930s, he was an intimidating figure dominating an office in which there was a strict hierarchy of professions. One of his interpreters was George Grenfell Baines whose work so impressed Hope he considered making him a partner. Hope was a traditionalist, favouring a severe classical style derived from the later Georgian architects, with a strong dislike of Modernism; under his direction Bradshaw Gass & Hope continued to produce neo-Georgian designs until the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="9791969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791969" title="La Casa del recuerdo">
La Casa del recuerdo

La Casa del recuerdo is a 1940 Argentine film.

</doc>
<doc id="9791970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9791970" title="Terminus Brossard-Panama">
Terminus Brossard-Panama

Terminus Brossard-Panama is an AMT bus terminus in Brossard, Quebec, Canada. It is served by buses of the Réseau de transport de Longueuil as well as by routes of the CIT Le Richelain and CIT Roussillon. Inaugurated in the fall of 1991, it is located at the intersection of Panama Street and Taschereau Boulevard. It is adjacent to both Autoroute 10 and Mail Champlain.
In 2006, a busway (bus lane) was constructed between the terminus and the Taschereau Interchange of Autoroute 10.

</doc>
<doc id="9792002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792002" title="Bud Cummins">
Bud Cummins

Harry Earnest "Bud" Cummins III (born August 6, 1959) is a former United States Attorney of five years in the Eastern District of Arkansas.
Career.
Cummins was born in Enid, Oklahoma. After graduating from the University of Arkansas, he eventually moved to Little Rock, Arkansas, working for a time in various management roles in the construction business. In 1989, Cummins obtained a law degree from the William H. Bowen School of Law, known then as the UALR School of Law. Subsequently, he served as a law clerk for United States Magistrate Judge John F. Forster, Jr., and later was clerk to Chief United States District Judge Stephen M. Reasoner. After his federal clerkships, he set up a private law practice. 
In 1996 he ran as a Republican for Congress, losing roughly 52 percent to 48 percent, to Democrat Vic Snyder. He later served as Governor Mike Huckabee's Chief Legal Counsel. In 2001, President George W. Bush nominated Cummins as the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas, where he served until 2006.
Cummins is currently a Senior Advisor at Circumference Group (www.circumferencegroup.com).
Controversy over dismissal.
Cummins received national attention when he was dismissed by US Attorney General Alberto Gonzales despite having received positive job reviews. 
Cummins was informed in June 2006 that his resignation would be desired, and as part of the transition, his replacement, Tim Griffin, worked for Cummins' office as a special assistant United States attorney from September 2006 onward.
Cummins resigned effective December 20, 2006. He has been called "one of the most distinguished lawyers in Arkansas".
Early in the Congressional investigations of the firings, Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty testified that Cummins was removed for no reason except to install a former aide to Karl Rove: 37-year-old Timothy Griffin, a former Republican National Committee opposition research director.
Cummins, apparently, "was ousted after Harriet E. Miers, the former White House counsel, intervened on behalf of Griffin." 
In fact, White House emails uncovered during investigations showed that Griffin laid the groundwork for the dismissal of Cummins, telling staff members in the White House that Cummins was widely seen by members of the Arkansas bar as "lazy" and "ineffective." Sara Taylor and Scott Jennings later testified that they believed Cummins to be a subpar incumbent, based solely on statements made by Griffin.
Cummins told the Senate Judiciary Committee "that Mike Elston, the deputy attorney general's top aide, threatened him with retaliation in a phone call February 2007 if he went public." Emails show that Cummins passed on the warning to some of the other Attorneys who were fired.
Reportedly Monica Goodling, who formerly worked for Tim Griffin at the Republican National Committee, "took a leading role in making sure that Tim Griffin, a protege of presidential adviser Karl Rove, replaced H.E. "Bud" Cummins as the U.S. attorney in Arkansas. Documents released to Congress include communications between Goodling and Scott Jennings, Rove's deputy."
Cummins answered a House Judiciary Committee interrogatory about the experience:
Investigations.
Cummins had been investigating Missouri Governor Matt Blunt's Administration in regard to allegations that certain individuals that worked for Blunt had violated the law in the awarding of fee offices." On October 4, 2006, Cummins himself announced that the investigation had concluded and that no charges were filed against anyone. "Cummins' statement at the time included a specific reference to Blunt, which he acknowledged was unusual, but was consistent with department policies and justified in light of leaks and erroneous reporting. The statement made clear that 'at no time was Governor Blunt a target, subject, or witness in the investigation, nor was he implicated in any allegation being investigated. Any allegations or inferences to the contrary are uninformed and erroneous.'" 
Cummins has stated on more than one occasion that he does not believe the Missouri investigation had anything to do with his dismissal.

</doc>
<doc id="9792031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792031" title="Fred G. Pollard">
Fred G. Pollard

Frederick Gresham Pollard (May 7, 1918 – July 7, 2003) of Richmond, Virginia was a lawyer and politician. He served in the Virginia House of Delegates and was the 29th Lieutenant Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia. [http://dela.state.va.us/dela/MemBios.nsf/bbad288bd8d612d285256c23006d3f86/c64cbb0f3180882d85256d3c0055bfa0?OpenDocument]
Early life.
Fred G. Pollard attended Richmond Public Schools and the Episcopal High School before enrolling at the University of Virginia. He graduated with a BA in 1940 and an LLB in 1942. During World War II, Pollard served in the United States Naval Reserve.
Fred had a brother, Robert Nelson Pollard Jr.and a sister, Mary Butler (Polly) Pollard Buford.
He is buried in Hollywood Cemetery, Richmond Virginia.
Politics.
Pollard represented parts of Henrico County and Richmond in the Virginia House of Delegates from 1950 to 1966, when he was elected Lieutenant Governor.

</doc>
<doc id="9792035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792035" title="Bogdan Musial">
Bogdan Musial

Bogdan Musial (; born 1960) is a German historian of Polish extraction who specializes in the history of World War II.
Life.
Bogdan Musial was born in 1960 in Wielopole, Dąbrowa County, Poland. He worked in Silesian mines and collaborated with the Polish Solidarność movement. On account of the latter involvement, he was persecuted by state security and in 1985 sought and received political asylum in the Federal Republic of Germany; in 1992 he was naturalized. He worked as a mechanic, and from 1990 to 1998 studied history, political science and sociology at the Leibniz University of Hannover and the University of Manchester. In 1998 he graduated with a thesis on the treatment of Jews in occupied Poland. 
From 1991 to 1998, Musial received a scholarship from Friedrich Ebert Foundation. During that time he was one the main critics of the Wehrmachtsausstellung, compiled by the Hamburg Institute for Social Research, which eventually had to be revised. 
Since 1998 he has been a scientific coworker at the German Historical Institute in Warsaw where he has studied previously inaccessible sources about crimes of the Soviet NKVD during the Soviet retreat in 1941 which escalated violence.
In 2008 he published the book "Kampfplatz Deutschland".
Since 2010 back in Poland at the Cardinal Stefan Wyszyński University in Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="9792039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792039" title="Bill Van Dyke">
Bill Van Dyke

Bill Van Dyke (December 15, 1863 in Paris, Illinois – May 5, 1933 in El Paso, Texas) was an outfielder in Major League Baseball in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9792042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792042" title="Karkku railway station">
Karkku railway station

The Karkku railway station is located in the village of Palviala in the town of Sastamala, Finland. The station is located about 43 kilometres from the Tampere railway station and about 92 kilometres from the Pori railway station. Nowadays, the station is unmanned, and the track is controlled remotely from Tampere.

</doc>
<doc id="9792070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792070" title="Tipsy Coachman">
Tipsy Coachman

The Tipsy Coachman doctrine is a rule of law that upholds, in a higher court, a correct conclusion despite flawed reasoning by the judge in a lower court. In other words, the lower judgment was right, but for the wrong reason.
The colorful "tipsy coachman" label comes from a 19th century Georgia case, Lee v. Porter, 63 Ga 345, 346 (1879), in which the Georgia Supreme Court, noting that the "human mind is so constituted that in many instances it finds the truth when wholly unable to find the way that leads to it," quoted from Oliver Goldsmith's "Retaliation: A Poem" written in 1774:
The Florida Supreme Court explained the doctrine in a 2002 appeal from a second-degree murder conviction:
“We start with the proposition that generally, if a claim is not raised in the court, it will not be considered on appeal. However, notwithstanding this principle, in some circumstances, even though a trial court's ruling is based on improper reasoning, the ruling will be upheld if there is any theory or principle of law in the record which would support the ruling. [¶ This longstanding principle of appellate law, sometimes referred to as the ‘tipsy coachman’ doctrine, allows an appellate court to affirm a trial court that reaches the right result but for the wrong reasons so long as there is any basis which would support the judgment in the record." Robertson v. State, 829 So. 2d 901, 906 (Fla. 2002) (internal citations and punctuation omitted).

</doc>
<doc id="9792086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792086" title="Sambali language">
Sambali language

Sambali (Spanish: "zambal") is a Sambalic language spoken primarily in the Zambal municipalities of Santa Cruz, Candelaria, Masinloc, Palauig, and Iba, and in the Pangasinense municipality of Infanta in the Philippines; speakers can also be found in Panitian, Quezon, Palawan and Barangay Mandaragat or Buncag of Puerto Princesa.
Sambal is also termed Tina in some references. However, the term is considered offensive to the language's speakers. The pejorative term "Tina" was first used in around the period 1976 to 1979 by researchers under the name of Summer Institute of Linguistics (SIL).
Name.
The name "Tina" or "Tina Sambal" was used by Summer Institute of Linguistics (SIL) researchers 1976–1979. It is considered pejorative by many Sambals as it means 'bleach', a pun in Sambal Botolan. Sambals would not normally recognize the reference.
Phonology.
Sambali has 19 phonemes: 16 consonants and three vowels. Syllable structure is relatively simple.
Vowels.
Sambali has three vowels. They are:
There are five main diphthongs: , , , /ij/, and .
Consonants.
Below is a chart of Tina consonants. All the stops are unaspirated. The velar nasal occurs in all positions including at the beginning of a word.
Note: Consonants and sometimes interchange, as they were once allophones. "Dy" is pronounced , "ny" , "sy" , and "ty" .
Stress.
Stress is phonemic in Sambal. Stress on words is very important, they differentiate words with the same spellings, but with different meanings, e.g. "hikó" (I) and "híko" (elbow).
Historical sound changes.
Many words pronounced with and in Cebuano ang Tagalog are pronounced with and , respectively, in their cognates in Tina. Compare "hiko" and "ba-yo" with the Tagalog "siko" and "bago".
Grammar.
Zambal Pronouns.
Common singular pronouns.
ang, 'yung (iyong) – yay hikon-mong, ya-rin hikon-moy 
ng, n'ung (niyong) – nin kon-moyo
Sa – ha 
Nasa – Ison ha (near), Itaw ha (far)
Common plural pronouns.
ang mgá, 'yung mgá (iyong mgá) – yay + first letter of plural word + aw 
(e.g. yay bawbabayi – ang mga babae; yay lawlalaki – ang mga lalaki) 
ng mgá, n'ung mgá (niyong mgá) – nin yay + first letter of plural word + aw
sa mgá – ha first letter of plural word + aw (e.g. habawbabayi – sa mga babae, halawlalaki – sa mga ki)
Nasa mga – Iti, ison, itaw + pronoun
Personal singular pronouns.
Si – hi 
Ni – Ni 
Kay – Kun ni 
na kay – hikun
Personal plural.
Sina – Hila 
Nina – ni 
Kina – Kun li
Nakina – Hikunla
Note: In a general conversation, “hi” is usually omitted or contracted from the pronoun. E.g. Hikunla tana hiya rin (sa kanila na lang iyan) is simply ‘kunla tana ‘ya-rin or even shorter as ‘kunlay na rin.
Example:
The man arrived. Dumating ang lalaki:
1) Nakalato hiyay lalaki or nakalato ‘yay lalaki or ‘yay tawo .
2) Linu-mato hiyay lalaki; or
3) Lin’mato ‘yay lalaki or ‘yay tawo.
Yay (referring to object)
Hiyay (singular person)
Hikamon (plural second person)
Hilay (plural third person)
Nakita ni Juan si Maria – Na-kit ni Juan hi Maria. "John saw Mary."
Note that in Philippine languages, even the names of people require an article.
Plural nominal article.
Pupunta sina Elena at Roberto sa bahay ni Miguel.
Maku-ko hila Elena tan Roberto ha bali ni Miguel.
Pupunta – maku-ko
Papunta – ma-mako
Punta – mako
Pumupunta – ampako
Pupuntahan – ampaku-tawan
"Helen and Robert will go to Miguel's house."
Nasaan ang mga aklat?
Ayti yay lawlibro?
Na kay Tatay ang mga susi.
Hikun niTatay yay sawsusi or ‘Kunni Tatay yay sawsusi.
"Father has the keys."
Malusog ang sanggol.
Maganda yay lalaman nya-nin makating/makalog.
"That baby is healthy."
Pronouns (Panghalip).
Personal pronouns are categorized by case. The indirect forms also function as the genitive.
1st person singular 
Ako – hiko 
Ko – ko 
Akin – hikunko (shortened to ‘kunko)
1st person dual 
Kita – ta, kunta
1st person plural inclusive 
Tayo – hitamo or ‘tamo 
Natin – hikuntamo or ‘kuntamo
Atin – hikuntamo or ‘kuntamo
1st person plural exclusive
Kami – hikami or ‘kami 
Namin – mi
Amin – hikunmi or ‘kunmi
2nd person singular 
ikáw – hika 
mo – mo 
iyó – hikunmo or ‘kunmo
2nd person plural
Kayo – hikamo or ‘kamo
Ninyo –moyo
Inyo – hikunmoyo or ‘kunmoyo
3rd person singular
Siya – hiya
Niya – naya 
Kaniya – hikunnaya or ‘kunnaya
3rd person plural 
Silá – hila 
Nilá – la 
Kanilá – hikunla or ‘kunla
Examples: 
Sulat is hulat (Masinloc) or sulat (Sta. Cruz)
Sumulat ako. Humulat ko or Sumulat ko. 
"I wrote."
Sinulatan ako ng liham. Hinulatan nya hiko or hinulatan nya’ ko.
"He/She wrote me a letter." Hinomulat ya ‘kunko, nanulat ya kunko, or hinulatan mya ko.
Ibibigay ko sa kaniyá. Ebi ko ‘kunna (hikuna).
"I will give it to him/her."
Genitive pronouns follow the word they modify. Oblique pronouns can take the place of the genitive pronoun but they precede the word they modify.
Ang bahay ko. Yay bali ko. 
Ang aking bahay. Yay ‘kunkon bali.
"My house."
Interrogative Words.
Sambal – Tagalog – English
Ayti – Saan – Where
Ania - Ano - What
Anongkot - Bakit - Why
Sample texts.
Philippine national proverb.
Below is a translation in Sambal of the Philippine national proverb “He who does not acknowledge his beginnings will not reach his destination,” followed by the original in Tagalog.
The Lord’s Prayer.
Version from Matthew.
Ama mi a ison ha langit,
sambawon a ngalan mo.
Ma-kit mi na komon a pa-mag-ari mo.
Ma-honol komon a kalabayan mo iti ha lota
a bilang anamaot ison ha langit.
Biyan mo kami komon nin
pa-mangan mi para konan yadtin awlo;
tan patawaron mo kami komon ha kawkasalanan mi
a bilang anamaot ha pa-matawad mi
konlan ampagkasalanan komi.
Tan komon ando mo aboloyan a matokso kami,
nokay masbali ipa-lilih mo kamin kay makagawa doka,
"ta ikon moy kaarian, kapangyarian tan karangalan a homin"
"panganggawan." Amen.
Version from Luke.
Ama mi, maipatnag komon a banal mon kapangyarian.
Lomato ana komon a awlon sikay mag-ari.
Biyan mo kamin pa-mangan mi sa inawlo-awlo.
Inga-rowan mo kami sa kawkasalanan mi bilang
pa-nginganga-ro mi konlan nagkasalanan komi
tan ando mo kami aboloyan manabo sa tokso.
Wamoyo.

</doc>
<doc id="9792090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792090" title="Madaline">
Madaline

MADALINE (Many ADALINE) is a three-layer (input, hidden, output), fully connected, feed-forward artificial neural network architecture for classification that uses ADALINE units in its hidden and output layers, i.e. its activation function is the sign function. The three-layer network uses memistors. Three different training algorithms for MADALINE networks, which cannot be learned using backpropagation because the sign function is not differentiable, have been suggested, called Rule I, Rule II and Rule III. The first of these dates back to 1962 and cannot adapt the weights of the hidden-output connection. The second training algorithm improved on Rule I and was described in 1988. The third "Rule" applied to a modified network with sigmoid activations instead of signum; it was later found to be equivalent to backpropagation.
The Rule II training algorithm is based on a principle called "minimal disturbance". It proceeds by looping over training examples, then for each example, it:
Additionally, when flipping single units' signs does not drive the error to zero for a particular example, the training algorithm starts flipping pairs of units' signs, then triples of units, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9792098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792098" title="János Kovács">
János Kovács

János Kovács (born 11 September 1985) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Budapest Honvéd as a defender. He has played for MTK, Bodajk, Chesterfield, York City, Lincoln City, Luton Town and Hereford United.
Club career.
MTK.
Born in Budapest, Kovács started his career with the youth system of hometown club MTK. He made his first team debut towards the end of the 2003–04 season, playing in a 2–1 defeat against Ferencváros in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I. He spent the 2004–05 season on loan with Bodajk, the reserve team of MTK, and played regularly for them in the Nemzeti Bajnokság II.
Chesterfield.
Kovács joined English League One club Chesterfield on a two-year contract on 3 August 2005 following a trial with the club, with international clearance being received a week later on 11 August. He was sent-off in Chesterfield's game against Southend United on 18 February 2006, which the club appealed against. This was however rejected by The Football Association, who gave Kovács a one-match suspension.
Kovács joined York City in the Conference National on a one-month loan on 2 March 2007 and made his debut in a 0–0 home draw with Forest Green Rovers the following day. He scored in a 5–0 victory at Cambridge United and finished his spell with the club with eight appearances and one goal. His loan was not extended and so returned to Chesterfield after the completion of the spell, after which he made three appearances for the club as they were relegated to League Two. which he signed in May. He finished the 2007–08 season with 43 appearances 2 goals for Chesterfield and was runner-up in the club's CFSS player of year award.
Lincoln City.
He was offered a new contract at the end of the season, but the likelihood of him signing decreased after Chesterfield signed Swansea City defender Kevin Austin. Lincoln City were revealed to be his likely destination by Chesterfield manager Lee Richardson, with a fee to be settled by a tribunal. Lincoln completed the signing on a two-year contract on 25 June 2008. Kovács scored in his first home appearance for the team with a headed equaliser in a pre-season friendly against Premier League side Aston Villa on 15 July 2008, which Lincoln eventually won 3–1. A Football League tribunal ordered Lincoln to pay a compensation fee of £17,500 for Kovács in August, and Chesterfield would also receive 20% of a sell-on fee. He made 66 appearances for Lincoln, scoring four goals, before being placed on the transfer list in January 2010.
Luton Town.
On 26 January 2010, Kovács' contract with Lincoln was cancelled by mutual consent, and he subsequently signed for Conference Premier side Luton Town on a five-month contract. Luton fought off competition from English clubs Southend United and Barnet, as well as Hungarian side Ferencváros – the country's most successful club – to secure Kovács' signature. He made his debut in a 2–0 win at Histon on 27 January 2010, scoring the opening goal with a diving header from a Kevin Nicholls corner kick. Kovács made 17 appearances during his time at Luton. He made his Hereford debut in a 1–0 away win at Crewe Alexandra in which he scored his first goal for the club with a header from a James McQuilkin corner kick. He finished the season with 2 goals in 25 appearances for Hereford. This loan was then extended until 1 January 2012. He was released by Hereford on 2 January 2012, signing permanently for Luton on a one-and-a-half-year contract. On Kovács signing a permanent contract Luton manager Gary Brabin said "János has been a rock at the back for us since joining us again. His performances have been fantastic and he has had an unbelievably positive effect on the team on and off the pitch." He made 44 appearances and scored 4 goals over the season for Luton, and won the Player of the Year Award for his performances. Kovács was also named in the 2011–12 Conference Premier Team of the Year alongside Luton teammate Mark Tyler. Manager John Still confirmed Kovács would be released at the end of the 2012–13 season, in which the player made 30 appearances and scored three goals.
International career.
Kovács was capped by Hungary at youth and under-21 levels.
Honours.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="9792157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792157" title="Sine Totoo">
Sine Totoo

Sine Totoo (The Best of Serbisyong Totoo) is a documentary news and public affairs television show in the Philippines aired every Saturday evenings by GMA Network. It showcases the award-winning documentaries made by GMA.
However,it was re-aired on GMA News TV.

</doc>
<doc id="9792170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792170" title="TSG Neustrelitz">
TSG Neustrelitz

TSG Neustrelitz is a German association football club from Neustrelitz, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The football side is part of a sports club that also has departments for gymnastics and chess.
__TOC__
History.
The earliest roots of the association go back to the founding of the football club "Neustrelitzer Fußball Club" which soon grew into a more general sports club known as "Neustrelitzer Sportverein". The sports club failed after 1919, but the football department immediately re-established themselves as "Ballspielverein Neustrelitz". A second local football club known as "SV Viktoria Neustrelitz" was formed in 1925 and was joined by "BV" the following year. "Viktoria" in turn merged with "SG Corso Neustrelitz" in 1931 to form "SG Corso Viktoria Neustrelitz" which played through to the end of World War II when occupying Allied authorities ordered all organizations in the country, including sports and football associations, disbanded.
A successor was created in 1946 as "SG Neustrelitz", and as was common in East Germany at the time, would undergo several name changes playing variously as "BSG Konsum Neustrelitz" (1949), "BSG Empor Süd Neustrelitz" (1951), "BSG Motor Neustrelitz" (1952), and "BSG Maschinelles Rechnen Neustrelitz" (1971). The club took on its current name in 1975 after being disassociated from its industrial sponsor.
The club made several ascents to the second division DDR-Liga, but was never able to firmly establish itself at that level of play. In 1963 it appeared that "BSG" had won its way through a playoff round to the DDR-Liga, but found itself disqualified over the use of an ineligible player. After being promoted in 1964 "Neutrelitz" would play its way to the 1/8 final of the East German Cup despite a last place finish in regular league competition. The team lost a close contest there by a score of 1:2 to "FC Carl Zeiss Jena.
After German re-unification in 1990 "TSG" played in the Landesliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (VI) winning promotion to the Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Ost in 1996. They immediately claimed the title there, again winning promotion, this time to the Oberliga Nordost-Nord (IV). They struggled through three seasons at that level and after a 16th place finish were demoted to the Verbandliga where they spent two years. "Neutrelitz" re-claimed a place in the Oberliga in 2002. Ten years later Neustrelitz reached the re-formed Regionalliga Nordost, which they won in 2014, but missed promotion to the 3. Liga after a defeat to FSV Mainz 05 II in the playoff.
Stadium.
"TSG Neustrelitz" plays its home matches in the Parkstadion (capacity 6,000). Its second team squad uses the adjacent Rudolf-Harbig-Stadion.

</doc>
<doc id="9792173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792173" title="Castle Rock Park">
Castle Rock Park

Castle Rock Park is a regional park part of the East Bay Regional Park District. The park lies in a scenic sandstone canyon close to Mount Diablo in the Diablo Foothills. The park is bordered by Mount Diablo State Park and Walnut Creek Open Space; together, these three parks provide of parkland for visitors to enjoy.

</doc>
<doc id="9792192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792192" title="Daniel Bravo">
Daniel Bravo

Daniel Bravo (born 9 February 1963 in Toulouse is a former French international football player.
Career.
On 24 July 1980, he made his debut for Nice at 17 years of age in a game against Metz in the French Championship D1. Despite the relegation of Nice to D2 in 1982, he was called up to the French team to face Italy in February 1982. That night, the Blues beat Italy for the first time in over sixty years, and Bravo scored their second goal. 
He stayed at Nice for their spell in D2 for one season and managed to score eleven goals. He then signed for Monaco. This was the beginning of a series of clubs he would play for that would lead to him playing for Paris Saint Germain and then in Italy. With the French national team, Bravo played infrequently in the blue jersey, but still participated in the victorious Euro 1984, replacing Jean-Marc Ferreri, during the match against Yugoslavia.
Whilst at Marseille he played in the 1999 UEFA Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="9792211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792211" title="Varkaus railway station">
Varkaus railway station

The Varkaus railway station (abbrev. "Var") is located in the town of Varkaus, Finland, in the province of Northern Savonia. The distance from the Helsinki Central railway station is 424.7 kilometres, via the Pieksämäki and Kouvola stations. By rail, the distance to Pieksämäki is and to Joensuu . All passenger trains from Pieksämäki to Joensuu stop at Varkaus, and the station also has cargo traffic.
The track from Huutokoski to Varkaus was built in 1914. It was then extended to Vihtari in 1939 and to Viinijärvi in 1940.
In addition to the Varkaus railway yard, the station contains links to the Kommila and Akonniemi trackyards.

</doc>
<doc id="9792213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792213" title="Arrondissement of Tielt">
Arrondissement of Tielt

The Arrondissement of Tielt (; ) is one of the eight administrative arrondissements in the Province of West Flanders, Belgium.
History.
The Arrondissement of Tielt was created in 1818 and originally comprised the cantons of Ruiselede and Tielt, which were ceded from the Arrondissement of Bruges, and the canton of Meulebeke, which was ceded from the Arrondissement of Kortrijk. In 1823, the arrondissements of Torhout and Wakken ceased to exist and, as a result, a number of municipalities which had previously been a part of the Arrondissement of Torhout and the canton of Oostrozebeke were added to the arrondissement.
The municipality of Ardooie was added in 1977 from the Arrondissement of Roeselare.
Municipalities.
The administrative arrondissement of Tielt consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9792214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792214" title="Georgeana">
Georgeana

Georgeana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9792238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792238" title="CLUMEQ">
CLUMEQ

CLUMEQ is a Supercomputer Consortium Laval UQAM McGill and Eastern Quebec based in McGill University founded in 2001 and has received two successive grants from the Canada Foundation for innovation.
Computers.
Past.
Beowulf Cluster
SGI Origin 3800
Current.
Colosse
Krylov
Guillimin

</doc>
<doc id="9792254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792254" title="Tsuyoshi Tsutsumi">
Tsuyoshi Tsutsumi

Tsutsumi made his debut as cellist when he was 12 years old with the Tokyo Philharmonic and at 18 he started his first concert tour as soloist throughout India and Europe. He was granted a Fulbright Scholarship to study at Indiana University with János Starker. 
His concert performances have taken him around the world with the most important orchestras (ORTF, Berlin Radio Symphony, Netherlands Chamber Orchestra, the Rotterdam, London, Chicago, Indianapolis, Toronto and Vancouver philharmonic orchestras, etc.) and has participated in festivals like the Algoma Fall, Banff, Guelph Spring, Ontario Place, Stratford and Ravinia.
He has appeared with the most prestigious maestros: Seiji Ozawa, Giuseppe Sinopoli, Mstislav Rostropovich, and the musicians Gervase de Peyer, Ronald Turini, Adele Marcus, James Campbell and others. 
Tsutsumi has collaborated with the Western Ontario and Illinois Universities. Since 1988 he has been a professor at Indiana University. 
He is beloved throughout the world of cello students because he is the cellist on most of the famous Suzuki CDs which accompany the Suzuki cello practice books. Tsutsumi's style and intonation in these recordings inspire thousands of students every day when they practice along with him.
Among the many distinctions received, he was awarded the 1970 Suntory Music Award for his contribution to the world of music.
In November 2009, Tsutsumi was awarded with a Medal of Honour with purple ribbon by the Government of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9792271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792271" title="Tom Dolby">
Tom Dolby

Tom Dolby (born January 17, 1975) is an American filmmaker, novelist, essayist, journalist, and editor. He is the author of the best-selling novel "The Trouble Boy" (2004), "The Sixth Form" (2008), and the Secret Society books, including "Secret Society" (2009) and "The Trust: A Secret Society Novel" (2011). He was also the co-editor of "Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys" (2007).
Work.
Tom Dolby's debut novel, "The Trouble Boy", concerns a young gay freelance writer in Manhattan. It was followed by the boarding school novel "The Sixth Form" (2008), set in an elite Massachusetts prep school. Dolby's first young adult novel, "Secret Society," was published by Katherine Tegen Books at HarperCollins in October 2009. Its followup, "The Trust: A Secret Society Novel," was released in February 2011.
He was also the co-editor, with the novelist Melissa de la Cruz, of the personal essay anthology "Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys: True Tales of Love, Lust, and Friendship Between Straight Women and Gay Men" (2007), featuring works by Armistead Maupin, Ayelet Waldman, Andrew Solomon, Cindy Chupack, Simon Doonan, Gigi Levangie Grazer, David Ebershoff, and others. A reality television show inspired by the anthology, entitled "Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys" aired on the Sundance Channel in 2010 and 2011. Dolby and de la Cruz served as Consulting Producers.
In 2012, Dolby wrote and co-directed (with Tom Williams) the film "Last Weekend", starring Patricia Clarkson, Zachary Booth, Joseph Cross, Rutina Wesley, Fran Kranz, Jayma Mays, Chris Mulkey, Judith Light, and Mary Kay Place. The film was produced by Mark Johnson and Mike S. Ryan.
Dolby's writing has appeared in "The New York Times", "The Village Voice", the "San Francisco Chronicle", and "Out". A personal essay of his appears in the anthology "" (2006). He was a 2005 and 2010 Library Laureate for the San Francisco Public Library, and was one of "Instinct" magazine’s Leading Men of 2004.
In 2013, Dolby began investing in and developing a slate of film and television projects through his production company, Water's End Productions.
Biography.
Dolby was born in London, England and raised in San Francisco, California, and is a graduate of The Hotchkiss School and Yale University. He is the son of American businessman and engineer Ray Dolby and NARAL Pro-Choice America activist and fundraiser Dagmar Dolby.
He currently lives in Los Angeles and Wainscott, New York. In June 2008, his engagement to Andrew Frist was announced. Dolby and Frist were legally married in Connecticut in April 2009, and celebrated their union with a wedding ceremony and reception for family and friends in Sonoma, California in September 2009. Dolby and Frist were involved in an appeal that raised over $150,000 towards efforts to promote the legalization of same-sex marriage in California.

</doc>
<doc id="9792274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792274" title="Castillo de San Pedro de la Roca">
Castillo de San Pedro de la Roca

The Castillo de San Pedro de la Roca (also known by the less formal title of Castillo del Morro or as San Pedro de la Roca Castle) is a fortress on the coast of the Cuban city of Santiago de Cuba. About 6 miles (10 km) southwest of the city centre, it overlooks the bay.
History.
Initial design.
It was designed in 1637 by Giovanni Battista Antonelli (also known as Juan Battista Antonelli), a member of a Milanese family of military engineers, on behalf of the governor of the city, Pedro de la Roca de Borja, as a defense against raiding pirates, although an earlier, smaller, fortification had been built between 1590 and 1610. Antonelli design was adapted to the situation of the fortress on the steep sides of the promontory (the "morro" from which the fortress gets its name) reaching into the bay. It was constructed on a series of terraces; there were four main levels and three large bulwarks to house the artillery. Supplies would be delivered by sea and then stored in the large warehouse, which was cut directly into the rock, or transported up to the top level which housed the citadel. Construction of the citadel took 62 years, starting in 1638 and finally being completed in 1700, though work on the fortification was spasmodic. Antonelli was recalled to Cuba in 1645, shortly after the massive project was started, and other examples of his work can be seen there in the twin forts of Fuerte del Cojimar and Torreón de la Chorrera (Fuerte de Santa Doratea de Luna de Chorrera). Some of the structures from the earlier fortification were later incorporated into the main structure.
Further construction.
The fear of pirate attacks was well-founded. While the fortress was still being constructed in 1662, English freebooters under the guidance of Christopher Myngs took control of Santiago for two weeks and during their stay destroyed part of the fortification and captured the artillery. After they departed, the Spanish government ordered the reconstruction of the damaged part of the fortress and raised the garrison to 300 men. Between 1663 and 1669 the engineers Juan Císcara Ibáñez, Juan Císcara Ramirez and Francisco Perez worked on repairing the damage and improving the fortifications, strengthening the flanks and constructing a new artillery platform. In 1678 it frustrated the attack of a French squadron and in 1680 fought off another attack by 800 men led by Franquesma, the second-in-command of the Antilles filibusters.
Between 1675 and 1692 the fortress was damaged by a series of earthquakes and reconstruction had to be carried out under the direction of Francisco Pérez between 1693 and 1695. From 1738-1740 further work was undertaken by the engineer Antonio de Arredondo, who enlarged the citadel and completed some of the unfinished platforms, with Juan Martín Cermeño and Francisco Calderín making the final changes to the structure after it was again damaged by earthquakes between 1757 and 1766.
By 1775, the fear of attack had diminished, and the parts of fortress known as the Rock ("la Roca") and the Star ("la Estrella") were converted into a prison for political prisoners, although the rest of the fortress continued to serve as a military base. It was again used as a fortress in 1898 when the United States' fleet attacked Santiago de Cuba during the Spanish-American War.
World Heritage Site.
During the 20th century the Rock fell into decay, but it was restored during the 1960s by Francisco Prat Puig. The fortress was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1997, cited as the best preserved and most complete example of Spanish-American military architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="9792294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792294" title="2007 Milan – San Remo">
2007 Milan – San Remo

The 2007 Milan – San Remo race took place on March 24, 2007. It was won by Óscar Freire, the Spanish rider for . The race featured the Passo del Turchino, the Cipressa and the Poggio. An attack by Riccardo Riccò and Philippe Gilbert on the Poggio lasted until the final kilometres when the peloton caught them, propelled by and Team Milram. In the sprint, Freire emerged from the wheel of Milram's 2005 victor Alessandro Petacchi to take his second victory in this race, following success in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9792297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792297" title="Solder form">
Solder form

In mathematics, more precisely in differential geometry, a soldering (or sometimes solder form) of a fiber bundle to a smooth manifold is a manner of attaching the fibres to the manifold in such a way that they can be regarded as tangent. Intuitively, soldering expresses in abstract terms the idea that a manifold may have a point of contact with a certain model Klein geometry at each point. In extrinsic differential geometry, the soldering is simply expressed by the tangency of the model space to the manifold. In intrinsic geometry, other techniques are needed to express it. Soldering was introduced in this general form by Charles Ehresmann in 1950.
Soldering of a fibre bundle.
Let "M" be a smooth manifold, and "G" a Lie group, and let "E" be a smooth fibre bundle over "M" with structure group "G". Suppose that "G" acts transitively on the typical fibre "F" of "E", and that dim "F" = dim "M". A soldering of "E" to "M" consists of the following data:
In particular, this latter condition can be interpreted as saying that θ determines a linear isomorphism
from the tangent space of "M" at "x" to the (vertical) tangent space of the fibre at the point determined by the distinguished section. The form θ is called the solder form for the soldering.
Special cases.
Affine bundles and vector bundles.
Suppose that "E" is an affine vector bundle (a vector bundle without a choice of zero section). Then a soldering on "E" specifies first a "distinguished section": that is, a choice of zero section "o", so that "E" may be identified as a vector bundle. The solder form is then a linear isomorphism
However, for a vector bundle there is a canonical isomorphism between the vertical space at the origin and the fibre Vo"E" ≈ "E". Making this identification, the solder form is specified by a linear isomorphism
In other words, a soldering on an affine bundle "E" is a choice of isomorphism of "E" with the tangent bundle of "M".
Often one speaks of a "solder form on a vector bundle", where it is understood "a priori" that the distinguished section of the soldering is the zero section of the bundle. In this case, the structure group of the vector bundle is often implicitly enlarged by the semidirect product of "GL"("n") with the typical fibre of "E" (which is a representation of "GL"("n")).
Applications.
A solder form on a vector bundle allows one to define the torsion tensor of a connection.
Principal bundles.
In the language of principal bundles, a solder form on a smooth principal "G"-bundle "P" over a smooth manifold "M" is a horizontal and "G"-equivariant differential 1-form on "P" with values in a linear representation "V" of "G" such that the associated bundle map from the tangent bundle "TM" to the associated bundle "P"×"G" "V" is a bundle isomorphism. (In particular, "V" and "M" must have the same dimension.)
A motivating example of a solder form is the tautological or fundamental form on the frame bundle of a manifold.
The reason for the name is that a solder form solders (or attaches) the abstract principal bundle to the manifold "M" by identifying an associated bundle with the tangent bundle. Solder forms provide a method for studying "G"-structures and are important in the theory of Cartan connections. The terminology and approach is particularly popular in the physics literature.

</doc>
<doc id="9792311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792311" title="Melissa de la Cruz">
Melissa de la Cruz

Melissa de la Cruz (born 1971) is an American author, known for her work in young-adult fiction. Her works include the "Au Pair" series of novels and the "Blue Bloods" series.
Early life and education.
Melissa de la Cruz spent her early years in Manila, Philippines and immigrated to the United States with her family when she was 12. Her father was an investment banker. The family settled in San Francisco, where she graduated from Convent of the Sacred Heart High School. She went on to study art history and English at Columbia University in New York City. 
Career.
Her work as a nanny and her visits to The Hamptons formed the background for book series, "The Au Pairs". 
Her work as a fashion writer for "Marie Claire" was the inspiration for "How to Become Famous in Two Weeks or Less" which she co-authored with Karen Robinovitz.
Personal life.
De la Cruz is married to Michael Johnston, and lives in Los Angeles and Palm Springs, California with her family.

</doc>
<doc id="9792328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792328" title="Clinical and Vaccine Immunology">
Clinical and Vaccine Immunology

Clinical and Vaccine Immunology (CVI) is a peer-reviewed journal published by the American Society for Microbiology. CVI enhances our understanding of the immune response in health and disease by showcasing important clinically relevant research, including new animal models for human immunologic diseases, viral immunology, immunopathogenesis, and clinical laboratory immunology. In particular, the journal highlights important discoveries in immunization and vaccine research, such as the development and evaluation of vaccines, human and animal immune responses to vaccines, vaccine vectors, adjuvants and immunomodulators, quantitative assays of vaccine efficacy, and clinical trials. The journal publishes primary research articles, editorials, commentaries, minireviews, and case reports. Articles are freely accessible after 6 months (delayed open access). Through its "Global Outreach Program," free online access is available to qualified microbiologists in eligible developing countries.
History.
"Clinical and Vaccine Immunology" (CVI) was originally launched in 1994 as "Clinical and Diagnostic Laboratory Immunology". Dr. Steven D. Douglas was the Founding Editor and served as Editor in Chief until 2004. The focus and intent of the journal was to serve the new ASM Division V, Clinical and Diagnostic Immunology. Dr. Douglas was succeeded by Dr. Susan F. Plaeger, CVI’s Editor in Chief until 2013. Under Dr. Plaeger’s leadership, and in response to ASM members’ feedback, the journal expanded its scope to include the growing field of veterinary and human vaccines. In 2006, the ASM Publications Board approved the new name "Clinical and Vaccine Immunology", to reflect the inclusion of vaccine research as well as clinical immunology. The reorganization allowed CVI to attract high-quality research papers in the areas of clinical immunology and vaccinology while maintaining its interest in laboratory immunology and diagnostics. Since then, the journal has enjoyed a sustained increase in citations and impact factor. Areas of interest for CVI include microbial immunology, clinical immunology and immune mechanisms (in health and disease), veterinary immunology, and all aspects of vaccine research: development and evaluation, adjuvants, immune modulators and antigen-delivery systems, vaccine implementation, and clinical trials. The journal serves ASM members and the broad research community with the high scientific and editorial standards of the ASM Journals and the society itself. It has been named a Rising Star among journals in the field of Immunology in Essential Science Indicators from Thomson Reuters for several months during 2010 and 2011. CVI’s impact factor has increased steadily for the last 5 years.
Editors in Chief.
The following individuals have been editor in chief of "Clinical and Vaccine Immunology":
Abstracting and Indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2.598 and an Eigenfactor score of 0.01727.

</doc>
<doc id="9792336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792336" title="Plasmodium inopinatum">
Plasmodium inopinatum

Plasmodium inopinatum is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Vinckeia". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. inopinatum" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Resseler in 1952 
Geographical occurrence.
This species was described in Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="9792352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792352" title="Michel Fattal">
Michel Fattal

Michel Fattal (born in 1954 in Alexandria, Egypt) is a French-language author whose works are translated into Italian and Polish.
Michel Fattal treats statute of Logos (language, reason) in Greek Philosophy. The works of Heraclitus and Aristotle, of Parmenides, Plato, Chrysippus and Plotinus are also sources of inspiration to him.
He is the author of several books on Plato, Plotinus and the neoplatonic tradition (Augustine, Farâbî). At the moment, Michel Fattal is professor (since 1994) of ancient and medieval philosophy at the University in Grenoble, France.

</doc>
<doc id="9792356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792356" title="Shishir Kurup">
Shishir Kurup

Shishir Ravindran Kurup (born November 2, 1961) is an Indian-born American actor. He played Dr. Singh on the sci-fi series "Surface", and also had roles on the series "Heroes", "Lost" and "True Blood". 
He made a guest appearance as Dr. Singh in Good Luck Charlie with Bridgit Mendler and after that, he played Mo Banjaree's over-protective father in Lemonade Mouth, reuniting with Mendler, who portrayed shy and innocent Olivia White, and becoming close friends with his co-star and T.V daughter, Naomi Scott and her parents, eventually visiting them in London after shooting the movie. 
Kurup was born in Mumbai, India of Malayali background, the son of Bhavani and Ravi Kurup. 
Kurup is also a playwright and theatrical director, and a member of the Cornerstone Theater Company in Los Angeles. 
External links.
"Note"- Shishir played Mo Banjaree's father in the Disney Channel Original Movie Lemonade Mouth

</doc>
<doc id="9792363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792363" title="List of shopping malls in Saskatoon">
List of shopping malls in Saskatoon

This is a list of major shopping centres and retail districts in the city of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Large Non-enclosed shopping centres.
Other large non-enclosed shopping centres in Saskatoon include: 
Other shopping centres and strip malls.
There are neighborhood convenience strip malls which are smaller shopping centres located locally in various neighborhoods in Saskatoon. These are too small to merit their own articles. 
Other retail districts.
Suburban centres.
Saskatoon has established several "suburban centres" in neighbourhoods away from the downtown core, most of which include a major commercial component:

</doc>
<doc id="9792366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792366" title="Bruce Kirby">
Bruce Kirby

Bruce Kirby is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="9792372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792372" title="Crooked Creek Lake Recreation Area">
Crooked Creek Lake Recreation Area

Crooked Creek Lake Recreation Area is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers administered site surrounding Crooked Creek Lake in Armstrong County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The reservoir was created by the construction of the Crooked Creek Dam, authorized by the Flood Control Acts of 1936 and 1938. This project is intended to control flooding along the Allegheny River basin. The area was previously a Pennsylvania state park, Crooked Creek State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9792395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792395" title="Toshikazu Kase">
Toshikazu Kase

Kase was born in Chiba, Japan. After passing his Foreign Service Examination in 1925 he left Tokyo Higher Commercial College (later Hitotsubashi University) and attended Amherst College and Harvard as a Research Fellow, graduating in 1927. He took up diplomatic posts in both Berlin and London before returning to Tokyo where he was posted to the North America desk of the Japanese Foreign Office. He was on duty on the weekend of the Pearl Harbor attack in December 1941. 
Kase was present as part of the Japanese delegation on board USS "Missouri" for the signing of the treaty of surrender in 1945. In 1950 Kase published a book which gave an account of the war from a Japanese perspective.
In 1955 he became Japan's first ambassador to the United Nations.
He died, aged 101 years, in Kamakura of heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="9792397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792397" title="Morton Berger">
Morton Berger

Morton Robert Berger is a former high school teacher from Phoenix, Arizona who was sentenced to 200 years in prison (without the possibility of probation, parole or pardon) for the possession of 20 images of child pornography. This sentence, which was the minimum available in Arizona law, was upheld by the Arizona Supreme Court in 2006. On February 26, 2007 the Supreme Court of the United States declined to hear a further appeal.
The crime.
Berger was a popular history teacher at Cortez High School in Phoenix. In June 2002, police raided his home and found a large collection of child pornography that he had collected over the previous six years. He was a member of a porn-trading ring that required members to have at least 10,000 images in order to join. He was charged with 35 specimen counts of sexual exploitation of a minor, each charge relating to one image, but 15 of these charges were dropped. In January 2003, Berger was convicted by a jury of the remaining 20 counts against him.
The sentence.
The unusual 200-year sentence consisted of 10 years for each photograph, the minimum under Arizona law. Arizona has some of the nation's strictest laws on child abuse and exploitation. Only five states have a longer minimum sentence for possession of child pornography. The sentencing judge agreed with prosecutors that each image was a separate crime and ordered that the sentences had to run consecutively. Under state law, the sentence was to be served without possibility of probation, parole or pardon—all but assuring that Berger would die in prison. The minimum sentence proposed to the court by the prosecutor was 340 years, while the maximum sentence available was 480 years.
The appeals.
Berger's lawyers appealed against the sentence, citing the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution, which prohibits "cruel and unusual punishment". They argued that although each 10-year sentence was "not" too long in itself, the cumulative total of 200 years was grossly disproportionate to Berger's conduct overall, given that if he had murdered or raped a child, he would have received a shorter sentence. They also cited Berger's lack of a prior criminal record. Losing in the Arizona Court of Appeals, they appealed to the Arizona Supreme Court, which ruled on May 10, 2006.
Some judges of the Arizona Supreme Court were sympathetic to Berger's argument. Vice Chief Justice Rebecca Berch described the mandatory minimum, mandatory consecutive sentencing rule, and exclusion of probation, parole or pardon as a "triple whammy," observing that "it far exceeds the sentence imposed for similar crimes in any jurisdiction and exceeds the penalties regularly imposed in Arizona for crimes that result in serious bodily injury or even death to victims."
Despite its reservations, however, the court considered itself bound by precedents to uphold the sentence, saying that consecutive sentences which add up to very long sentences are not unconstitutional, provided that each of the individual sentences which comprise it are not themselves unconstitutional. The decision was virtually unanimous, with Berch concurring in part and dissenting in part. On February 26, 2007, the Supreme Court of the United States declined to hear a further appeal.
In 2011, Berger petitioned the United States District Court for the District of Arizona for a writ of habeas corpus as a last-ditch effort to have his sentence overturned. The petition was denied.

</doc>
<doc id="9792405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792405" title="St. Philip Catholic Central High School">
St. Philip Catholic Central High School

St. Philip Catholic Central High School, located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kalamazoo is a Roman Catholic high school in Battle Creek, Michigan. Enrollment is around 163.
The Curriculum.
The curriculum at St. Philip Catholic Central High School surpasses national standards and state requirements. Students graduate with 24 academic credits, accomplished through courses offering four to five years of English, Theology, Science, Mathematics, Social Studies, and Foreign Language. 
Additionally, electives are available in Fine Arts, Computer Technology, Physical Education, and Choral & Instrumental music. 
In the fall of 2006, used Apple laptop computers were issued to each incoming freshman. The school began issuing iPads instead of laptops beginning in the fall of 2012.
Sports.
The Fighting Tigers compete in Class D, Division 8 of the MHSAA. The school offers the following sports: Baseball, Men's Basketball, Women's Basketball, Men's Cross Country, Women's Cross Country, Football, Men's Golf, Men's Track, Women's Track, Volleyball, Men's and Women's Swimming with Battle Creek Central, and Women's Golf, Women's Soccer, and Men's Soccer with Calhoun Christian.
St. Philip's is associated with the South Central Athletic Association (SCAA) beginning with the school year of (2009), transferring out of the Saint Joe Valley. 
The most recent Class D state Titles came in Girls' Cross Country (2006), and Volleyball (2007-W, 2007-F, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013). Over the years they have won 23 state titles, 13 state runner ups, 58 regional crowns, and 77 district championships.

</doc>
<doc id="9792435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792435" title="Vector-based graphical user interface">
Vector-based graphical user interface

A vector-based graphical user interface is a mostly conceptual type of graphical user interface where elements are drawn using vector, rather than raster information.
Pros and Cons.
The benefits of a completely vector-based graphical user interface would include:
Cons might include:
Usage in 3D Graphical User Interfaces.
Since current 3D Graphics are usually vector-based, rather than raster-based, vector-based graphical user interfaces would be suitable for 3D graphical user interfaces. This is because raster-based 3D models take up an enormous amount of memory, as they are stored and displayed using voxels. Current operating systems such as Windows Vista, Mac OS X, and UNIX-based operating systems (including Linux) have enjoyed much benefit from using 3D graphical user interfaces. In Windows Vista, for example, Flip3D textures each window to a 3D plane based on vector graphics. Even though the window itself is still raster-based, the plane onto which it is textured is vector-based. As a result, the windows, when rotated, appear flat. In Linux desktops, Compiz Fusion can texture each raster-based workspace onto a 3D vector-based cube. As operating systems evolve, eventually the entire window would be made from 3D vector graphics, so that when rotated, it does not appear "flat". Also, advanced lighting may make 3D graphical user interfaces more aesthetically pleasing.
Usage in 2D Graphical User Interfaces.
As most computer monitors become more and more high resolution, everything displayed would be smaller. However, if the screen resoluion were turned down, everything would appear pixelated. Thus, resolution independence is currently being designed to solve this problem. With raster graphics, all icons need to be extremely high resolution, so as to not appear pixelated on higher resolution screens. This may take up enormous amounts of memory, and hard disk space. If vector graphics were used instead, it could be easily scalable and never lose data nor appear pixelated.
Some Graphical User Interfaces on Operating Systems such as IRIX use vector-based icons. A number of vector-based icon sets are also available for window managers such as GNOME and KDE.
With Windows, applications built using Windows Presentation Foundation (which is native to Windows Vista, but can be downloaded for Windows XP and Server 2003) are vector-based and scale losslessly based on Windows DPI settings. However, even without this, it has always been possible to build applications to be DPI-aware. Additionally, in Vista, the Desktop Window Manager detects when an app is not DPI aware and, if the computer is set to a different DPI than normal, uses bitmap scaling to render the window at a larger size.
New version of AmigaOS 4.1 enhanced in 2008 its Workbench with 2D vector graphical interface based on Cairo libraries, but pragmatically integrated it with a 3D Compositing Engine based on Porter-Duff Routines.

</doc>
<doc id="9792438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792438" title="Atari Punk Console">
Atari Punk Console

The Atari Punk Console (commonly shortened to APC) is a popular circuit that utilizes two 555 timer ICs or a single 556 dual timer IC. The original circuit, called a "Stepped Tone Generator", was published in a Radio Shack booklet: "Engineer's Notebook: Integrated Circuit Applications" in 1980 and then in "Engineer's Mini-Notebook - 555 Circuits" by its designer, Forrest M. Mims III (Siliconcepts, 1984). It was named "Atari Punk Console" (APC) by Kaustic Machines crew because its "low-fi" sounds resemble classic Atari console games from the 1980s, with a square wave output similar to the Atari 2600. Kaustic Machines added a -4db line level output to the circuit which was originally designed to drive a small 8 ohm speaker.
Atari Punk console is an astable square wave oscillator driving a monostable oscillator that creates a single (square) pulse. There are two controls, one for the frequency of the oscillator and one to control the width of the pulse. The controls are usually potentiometers but the circuit can also be controlled by light, temperature, pressure etc. by replacing a potentiometer with a suitable sensor (e.g., photo resistor for light sensitivity). Most of the time there is also a power switch (often a toggle switch) and a volume knob.
The circuit is a simple DIY noisemaker circuit that is relatively inexpensive and easy to build, easily adaptable and is configurable in many ways. It has been built into a wide variety of cases, from metal IKEA bowls to light bulbs, an old Atari mouse or joystick. Its flexibility has led to wide scale popularity among electronics enthusiasts. It is often suggested as a good circuit to build for beginners. 
N.B. Error in schematic. The output from the second 555 timer chip should not be connected to the discharge and threshold pins or the 0.1 uf capacitor. It should go directly to the 10uf capacitor.

</doc>
<doc id="9792451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792451" title="Sol Spiegelman">
Sol Spiegelman

Sol Spiegelman (December 14, 1914 – January 20, 1983) was an American molecular biologist. He developed the technique of nucleic acid hybridization, which helped to lay the groundwork for advances in recombinant DNA technology.
Spiegelman was born and educated in New York City, and earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics from the City College of New York in 1939. He began his graduate studies at Columbia University in 1940, looking into cellular physiology. He completed his graduate studies at Washington University in St. Louis (1942–44) where he also lectured in physics and applied mathematics, receiving his doctorate there in 1944. After a year as a U.S. Public Health Service Fellow at the University of Minnesota, he joined the faculty of the University of Illinois and later became a professor of microbiology where he stayed for 20 years.
In 1962, he improved a technique that allowed the detection of specific RNA and DNA molecules in cells. Called nucleic acid hybridization originally developed by Rich and Davies in 1956, <Rich A, Davies DR. 1956. A new, 2-stranded helical structure, polyadenylic acid and polyuridylic acid. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 78:3548-9.>, it was the combination of viral DNA and viral RNA which helped to lay the groundwork for advances in recombinant DNA technology.
In 1969 he became a professor of human genetics and development at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons as well as director of the Institute of Cancer Research in 1969. In 1975, he was named University Professor.
He investigated how cells form enzymes, DNA and RNA structures, virology and the molecular basis of cancer. He is credited with an experiment with self reproducing RNA structures called Spiegelman's Monster.
He received the Lasker Award in 1974 for his 1965 work on Qβ RNA. In 1981 he received the Antonio Feltrinelli International prize in Biology for his contributions to molecular biology. He published more than 350 papers.
Spiegelman worked on trying to establish that retroviruses cause human cancers. However, there were flaws in the theory.
Spiegelman died in 1983 of pancreatic cancer just before the cause of AIDS was identified as a human retrovirus.

</doc>
<doc id="9792463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792463" title="Romance/Romance">
Romance/Romance

Romance/Romance is a musical with a book and lyrics by Barry Harman and music by Keith Herrmann.
The show is composed of two acts linked only by the common theme of love and one song performed in both acts. The first, "The Little Comedy", is based on a short story by Arthur Schnitzler and explores the budding relationship between two people who have adopted personas other than their own. Set in late 19th century Vienna, it focuses on Josefine, a demimonde weary of the social life provided by her upper class lovers, and wealthy playboy Alfred, who has tired of a seemingly endless round of inconsequential affairs. She assumes the guise of a working class woman, while he pretends to be a struggling poet, and the two meet while enjoying their new identities. Whether or not they can survive a weekend in the country with their usually glamorous trappings replaced by inedible food, bad wine, swarming insects, and total boredom is the question to be answered.
"Summer Share", the second act based on Jules Renard's 1898 play "Le pain de ménage", is updated to the late 1980s and set in The Hamptons, where two married couples in their thirties are spending the season in a rented cottage. Sam, who is married to Barb, and Monica, who is married to Lenny, find themselves gradually progressing from harmless flirtation to the serious possibility of an illicit affair.
Initially staged off-off-Broadway in 1987 at the Actor's Outlet Theatre (Executive Director, Eleanor Segan, Artistic Dirtector, Ken Lowstetter), "Romance/Romance" garnered critical notices that encouraged the move to a larger house uptown. After thirteen previews, the Broadway production, directed by Harman and choreographed by Pamela Sousa, opened on May 1, 1988 at the Helen Hayes Theatre, where it ran for 297 performances. The cast included Alison Fraser as Josefine/Monica, Scott Bakula as Alfred/Sam, Deborah Graham as Barb, and Robert Hoshour as Lenny. Sal Viviano was the Standby for Bakula and Hoshour, and succeeded Bakula, when he left the Show. Jana Robbins was the Standby for Fraser and Graham. Barry Williams replaced Viviano later in the run.
An original cast recording was released by MCA.

</doc>
<doc id="9792478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792478" title="Graeme Park">
Graeme Park

Graeme Park is an historic site in Horsham, Montgomery County. It is owned by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and operated by the non-profit group, The Friends of Graeme Park. It is the only surviving residence of a colonial-era Pennsylvania governor. Graeme Park was constructed in 1722 by Sir William Keith as a summer residence and alternative to his governor's mansion at Shippen House on Second and Spruce Streets in Philadelphia. The house, originally known as "Fountain Low", has been largely unchanged since its construction except for a restoration by Dr. Thomas Graeme in the mid 18th century and a minor restoration by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission in the 1960s. Graeme Park at 859 County Line Road in Horsham is open to visitors on Friday and Saturday 10:00 a.m. until 4:00 p.m. and on Sundays from noon until 4:00 p.m.
Timeline.
1721.
"Construction of the malthouse begins".
A malthouse is a building in which brewers create malt by starting the germination process of barley or other grains. The malt is then used as a key ingredient in the making of beer, ale and malt liquor. This malthouse was one of several attempted commercial ventures undertaken by Sir William Keith during his term as governor of Colonial Pennsylvania. His other businesses included a copper mine located west of the Susquehanna River in disputed territory and a foundry on the Christiana River near New Castle, Delaware. The malthouse was constructed during a time of financial complications between Great Britain and her American colonies. Trade was slowed tremendously and supplies of grain were rotting on the idled ships in the colonial ports in cities like Philadelphia. Keith took advantage of the need to have the grain processed and malting the grain was a good way to preserve it for a time.
1722 or 1723.
"Construction on the mansion at Graeme Park begins".
Graeme Park was originally called "Fountain Low" by Sir Keith. It is also known as the "Keith House" in honor of Sir William Keith its builder and first resident. Fountain Low was built on of land that Keith acquired as governor. He received the land for little or no cost as a debt payment given to the Provincial government of Pennsylvania by the estate of Samuel Carpenter who had died with a considerable debt owed to colony. Over 90 workmen worked to complete Fountain Low and its surrounding buildings. Sir Keith even got the Provincial government to extend two roads to his property in Horsham. Evidence points to the assumption that Keith rarely occupied Fountain Low. The interior of the mansion was not painted until Dr. Thomas Graeme took ownership in 1739. Governor Keith instead spent the majority of his time at the governor's mansion in Philadelphia.
1739.
"Dr. Thomas Graeme acquired the property at Fountain Low and renamed it "Graeme Park"".
Dr. Graeme was the husband of Ann Diggs who was the stepdaughter of Sir William Keith. Graeme had arrived with Keith from England in 1717 and married Ann in 1719. During his years in Pennsylvania Graeme attained a significant social status in Philadelphia. He served as the Port Physician, was a consulting physician at the Pennsylvania Hospital, was appointed as a Naval Officer by Governor Keith in 1719, as a Register General and Master of Chancery in 1724. Graeme also served on the Provincial Council and the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania. Governor Keith had left Pennsylvania in 1728 and left trusteeship of his properties to his wife Lady Anne Keith and family. Dr. Thomas Graeme was one of the trustees. The estate was sold in 1738 to Joseph Turner, who then sold Fountain Low to Dr. Graeme in 1739. Graeme originally used the newly named Graeme Park as a summer residence and kept his primary residence in Carpenter's Mansion on Society Hill in Philadelphia.
1755.
"Dr. Graeme begins interior renovations at Graeme Park".
He installed decorative devices that were common during the Georgian era, including paneling and refinished several of the interior doors. These changes remain today at Graeme Park. Dr. Graeme also commissioned the construction of an outdoor kitchen, laid out a formal garden and began a "Deer Park" to make it "a piece of Beauty and Ornament to a dwelling (that any English noble would be proud to have ... by his house." (Letter to Thomas Penn, 1755)
1765.
"Dr. Thomas Graeme retires from medical practice due to deteriorating health and the death of his wife Ann".
Following his retirement, Dr. Graeme began to spend a majority of his time at Graeme Park. Graeme's daughter Elizabeth assumes the role of hostess for the doctor's household. Although Graeme retired from medical work he did not retire from the Philadelphia social scene. Together with Elizabeth they hosted salons or gatherings of Philadelphia's most influential statesmen, writers and musicians. Elizabeth, herself, became a poet of some renown. Dr. Graeme also served as the President of St. Andrew's Society an organization of gentlemen Scottish immigrants in Philadelphia. He was elected to the American Philosophical Society and the American Medical Society. Dr. Graeme died of a heart attack while walking the grounds of Graeme Park on September 4, 1772. Ownership of the land was transferred to his daughter Elizabeth and her husband Henry Hugh Fergusson.
1778.
Graeme Park is confiscated by the Continental Congress due to Henry Fergusson's loyalist sympathies during the American Revolution".
Elizabeth Graeme married Henry Fergusson on April 21, 1772 without her father's consent. This caused quite a problem for the newlyweds. Henry and Elizabeth had been introduced to each other by Dr. Benjamin Rush, a founding father of Pennsylvania, on December 7, 1771 at one of the salons hosted by Elizabeth and Dr. Graeme. Fergusson was a recent and penniless Scottish Immigrant and he was eleven years younger than Elizabeth. Both of these qualities made him a less than ideal suitor for Elizabeth's hand in marriage and Dr. Graeme forbade that they marry. Four months after they met, Henry and Elizabeth married secretly in Old Swede's Church. Only their close friends attended, including Benjamin Rush, Provost William Smith and his wife. Despite her father's disapproval, Elizabeth had vowed to let her marriage be known. Ironically, the day on which she decided to tell him the news was the day that he suffered his fatal heart attack, with Elizabeth watching him approach Graeme Park through a window of the mansion. Elizabeth was never able to tell of her marriage. She was Dr. Graeme's only living heir, she inherited Graeme Park and by right of marriage Henry Fergusson gained title to the property. With his sudden new fortune Henry Fergusson was able to quickly ascend the Philadelphia society ladder. He traveled to England twice, became director of a prominent Philadelphia library and was awarded the title magistrate in Philadelphia. He was the last magistrate of Philadelphia under British colonial rule. He sailed once more for England in late 1775 just as the American Revolution was beginning to gather steam. He returned to Philadelphia by way of New York City as a loyalist with Sir William Howe commander of the British forces in American. With Howe, Fergusson witnessed the Battle of Brandywine and the occupation of Philadelphia during the Philadelphia campaign. Fergusson involved his wife in his activities by sending her as a messenger to General George Washington to ask for his surrender and to present a bribe to a major in the Continental Army. Both of these incidents caused the Patriots of Philadelphia to doubt her loyalty. There was no doubt about where Henry Fergusson's loyalties lay. He was found a traitor by the Supreme Executive Council of Pennsylvania and Graeme Park was seized under the Confiscation Act of 1778.
1781 - 1795.
"Graeme Park is returned to Elizabeth Graeme Fergusson and she lives there in peace until 1795".
Elizabeth Fergusson may have delivered some letters, for her husband's sake, that called her loyalty into question, but she remained a patriot throughout the Revolution. She was able regain Graeme Park in 1781 thanks to the support of several close and influential friends. Among these were Dr. William Smith, first president of the University of Pennsylvania, Robert Morris known as the financier of the Revolution, and Benjamin Rush, a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence and the man who introduced her to Henry Fergusson. Elizabeth was able to live the rest of her life in peace and quiet. She sold Graeme Park to a pharmacist from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania named William Smith. Elizabeth lived with her friends in Horsham until her death in 1801.
1801-1920.
"The Penroses care for Graeme Park"
William Smith sold of Graeme Park to Samuel Penrose of Richland Township including the original house, Keith Mansion, in April 1801. Samuel and his wife Sarah were members of Horsham Friends Meeting, the local Quaker congregation. They were the parents of 10 children, seven of which survived to adulthood. Their son William was married to Ann Larrett in 1810 and the Penrose built a second farmhouse at Graeme Park for the newlyweds. Samuel bought all of Graeme Park from his father in 1820 and with Sarah began the tradition of keeping Graeme Park in its original state while at the same time having a productive and profitable farm. When Samuel died in 1863 ownership was transferred to his third son, Abel Penrose. Abel and his wife, Sarah Beisel, continued to preserve Graeme Park for future generations. They even began to invite visitors to take tours of the former Governor's mansion. Morris Penrose was the fourth and final generation of the Penrose family at Graeme Park, beginning in 1893. He continued the tradition of hosting tours for school groups and historical societies. It was noted that 400 visitors walked to Graeme Park from the trolley stop on Easton Road in Horsham.
1920-1958.
"The Strawbridges care for Graeme Park"
Morris Penrose sold to Welsh Strawbridge on March 20, 1920. Strawbridge was an investment broker with the firm J&W Strawbridge. He was a prominent member of Philadelphia society, serving as Master of the Hounds for the Whitemarsh Hunt Club. Strawbridge married Miss Margaret Ely Marshall in 1922. They lived in the 1810 Penrose farmhouse and continued the Penrose tradition of preserving the Keith House and sharing its history with visitors.
In order to ensure the preservation of this historic mansion, the Strawbridges donated the Keith House and the surrounding area to the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission in 1958.
1958-present.
"Graeme Park as a Pennsylvania Historical Site"
The PHMC did some minor restorative repairs to Graeme Park in the 1960s. The buildings and the grounds of Graeme Park appear in much the same state today at they did in colonial times. The original floor boards, paneling and paint from Dr. Graeme's restoration remain. They provide a glimpse into the world of Georgian architecture.
The Haunting of Graeme Park.
Since the death of Elizabeth Graeme Furgusson in 1801 it has been rumored by the citizens of Horsham, Pennsylvania that the Keith House and Graeme Park are haunted by her ghost. There are many stories from people who inhabited the house, visitors, volunteers and staff. The most common sightings are of Elizabeth walking by the pond, by the big tree, inside the house and on the balcony. Her presence has also been linked to the spontaneous smells of lilac in the house as well as the sound of a spinning wheel. Some sightings of Elizabeth have been said to consist of her sitting or walking with her husband Henry, perhaps making up for the time they did not spend together within actual life. Graeme ParkOne account of supernatural happenings was reported by Betsy Stedman, one of Elizabeth's closest friends, soon after the death of Elizabeth. Betsy had simply returned to Graeme Park for a visit, but reported that she "passed Elizabeth on the stairs". Yet another account was given by Margaret Marshall Strawbridge who lived on the Graeme Park property with her husband during the 1920's. Mrs. Strawbridge was unsure of what she had truly seen, but was clear that she believed to hear the rustle of Elizabeth's skirts and believed to have seen her coming down the stairwell. When Mrs. Strawbridge was asked about the presence of Elizabeth, she responded "I felt very strongly her presence". There have been many more stories of scattered items, mysterious noises and smells, the tripping of alarms in the middle of the night and sightings of Elizabeth herself. The community so strongly believes that the grounds are haunted that in 2010 Beth MacCausland decided to look into the matter by hiring Glenn Orwan III, a paranormal investigator, to check out Graeme Park
. The idea that Elizabeth Graeme Furgusson roams the grounds may simply be a historic rumor, or a ploy to keep the annual Haunted Moonlight Halloween tours chilling,but there are definitely a lot of believers in the haunting of Graeme Park, who claim that in order to truly believe you need to experience something for yourself.

</doc>
<doc id="9792506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792506" title="Asger Svendsen">
Asger Svendsen

Asger Svendsen is a performer and professor of bassoon and chamber music. He was educated at the Royal Danish Academy of Music (RDAM) as a bassoonist and pianist. 
Apart from teaching at the RDAM, he is also professor at the Music Academy in Malmö, Sweden where he is in addition leader of the woodwind education.
Has played in most major Danish orchestras, including being solo bassoonist in the Danish Radio Symphony Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="9792570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792570" title="Puncture (band)">
Puncture (band)

Puncture was an early English punk group. Founded in the summer of 1976, this Islington, London based, four-piece combo consisted of Paul McCallum (guitar/vocals), Steve Counsel (bass/vocals), Jak Stafford (guitar/vocals) and "The Fabulous" Marty Truss (drums). Their influences ranged from early The Who, The Kinks, Small Faces, through to Roxy Music, David Bowie, blues, rhythm and blues, and The Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band.
Their first major gig was in November 1976, at Fulham Town Hall in London a week after an early gig by The Clash. Various personnel changes ensued, with Jak Stafford leaving to join prominent punk band X-Ray Spex, as Jak Airport. A brief tenure with guitarist Eric Electroid (aka Kenny) saw them move on to pastures new, with the recruitment of band member Anthony Keen on synthesizer and keyboards.
In October 1977 they released the single "Mucky Pup" / "Can't Rock N Roll (in a Council Flat)", the first release (Small One) for the Small Wonder Records label, based in Hoe Street, Walthamstow, London. 2,000 copies of the single sold out, prompting Small Wonder Records to press another 1,000 singles. "Mucky Pup" gained lots of airplay at various punk gigs throughout 1977, and the B-side, "Can't Rock N Roll (In A Council Flat)" was played on the BBC Radio 1 John Peel Show. They continued to play various gigs around London, notably at the punk club "The Roxy" in Covent Garden, supporting The Wasps and "The Man In The Moon" in Kings Road, Chelsea, supporting The Fruit Eating Bears. They continued gigging until January 1978, culminating in their farewell gig on 20 January 1978 at the Basement Club in Covent Garden, London.
In the 1980s The Exploited covered "Mucky Pup" on their album "Punks Not Dead".
Like so many other English punk singles of the time, original copies of the Puncture single now sell for up to £30.
"Mucky Pup" can is available on the "Small Wonder Vol. 1: Punk Singles Collection" and "Can't Rock N Roll (In A Council Flat) is on "Small Wonder Vol.2: Punk Singles Collection" compilation albums.

</doc>
<doc id="9792586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792586" title="Anton Rubinstein Competition">
Anton Rubinstein Competition

The Anton Rubinstein Competition is the name of a music competition that has existed in two incarnations. It was first staged in Russia between 1890 and 1910, and prizes were awarded for piano playing and composition. Since 2003 it has been run in Germany as a piano competition only.
Original competition.
The original Anton Rubinstein Competition was staged by Anton Rubinstein himself every five years from 1890 to 1910. The winners of the piano competition usually received a white Schroeder piano as the prize. Winners include:
According to "The Musical Times" of October 1, 1910, the Fifth International Competition for the Rubinstein prize commenced on August 22. Two prizes of 5,000 francs were offered, for composition and for piano playing. The two successful competitors were both German musicians - Emil Frey (as composer; he was actually Swiss) and Alfred Hoehn, professor at the Hoschsche Konservatorium in Frankfurt (as pianist; he was actually Austrian). Diplomas for excellence in piano playing were awarded to Arthur Rubinstein, Emil Frey and Alexander Borovsky. The Board of Examiners consisted of only Russian musicians. Alexander Glazunov, Chairman of the Jury, presented the awards.
The first prize for pianists graduating from Saint Petersburg Conservatory was named after Rubinstein as well; Maria Yudina recalled that she and her classmate Vladimir Sofronitsky had won the prize in 1920.
Revived competition.
Since 2003, the "Anton G. Rubinstein" International Piano Competition has been revived in Dresden, Germany. Winners include:

</doc>
<doc id="9792663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792663" title="Ten Feet High">
Ten Feet High

Ten Feet High is Andrea Corr's debut solo album. Previously titled "Present", the album was produced by Nellee Hooper whose credits include U2, Gwen Stefani, Madonna, and Björk and was executively produced by U2's Bono. String arrangements were by Anne Dudley and Michael Jennings. The album was released on 25 June 2007 with the lead single "Shame on You (to Keep My Love from Me)" released on 18 June 2007.
All the songs on the album were composed by Andrea herself save for a cover of the first Squeeze hit "Take Me I'm Yours".
Sales have generally been very poor despite the high promotion for the album and generally favourable reviews. The album failed to make an impact in most of Europe and Australia where it peaked at a very low #98 on the Australian ARIA Album Chart. The album peaked at #38 in the UK but soon dropped down the chart. The album achieved quite good sales in Spain, peaking inside the Top 10 within the first week after it was released.

</doc>
<doc id="9792680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792680" title="Plasmodium sasai">
Plasmodium sasai

Plasmodium sasai is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Sauramoeba". 
Like all "Plasmodium" species "P. sasai" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles. 
Description.
The parasite was first described by Telford and Ball in 1969 in the lacertid "Takydromus tachydromoides".
Geographical occurrence.
This species is found in Japan and Thailand.
Clinical features and host pathology.
The vertebrate hosts for this species are lizards of the genus "Takydromus". The insect vector is not yet known. 
Infection of "Takydromus tachydromoides" is commonw with 90% adults infected. Infection occurs early in life with 80%+ infected within the first few weeks of hatching.

</doc>
<doc id="9792701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792701" title="Masaaki Hirano">
Masaaki Hirano

He was a graduate of the psychology section of the literature department of Waseda University. While attending university, he served as an apprentice to Kitaoji Rosanjin to study the fine arts of cooking. Afterwards, he worked in the editorial office at the magazine Housewife’s Friend. He continues to study and write about the cultural history of Japanese food.
He was one of the regular judges on the Fuji TV Corporation hit program Iron Chef, where he bore the title “Rosanjin Scholar”. Asako Kishi was also a regular judge on the program, and was a coworker of Masaaki’s while he worked at Housewife’s Friend.
He appeared in the "Seed of Trivia” segment of “Hey! Spring of Trivia” (broadcast on November 11, 2005) where he addressed the issue of “broth from which brand of cup of Ramen best complemented cold rice”. The other judges were food critic Mita Morio, cooking researcher Eiko Egaki, and the owner of Passion restaurant Andre Passion.
Hirano died in November 2008 of a heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="9792711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792711" title="Edran">
Edran

Edran is a Belgian automobile manufacturer. The company was founded in 1984 by André Hanjoul. The first car to be displayed in public was the Edran Spyder MK I at the 1994 Brussels Motor Show. In 2006, the company introduced its newest sports car, the Edran Enigma.
Spider Mk I.
According to the company's website, the Spider Mk I has a 4-cylinder engine with 150 or and a top speed of 210 km/h (150hp) or 230 km/h (180 hp). The body is made of fiberglass, carbon fiber, and Kevlar, giving a total weight of 710 kg.
Enigma.
According to the company's website, the Enigma has an , center-mounted 8-cylinder engine. It has a top speed of 340 km/h (211 mph). The body and chassis are made of carbon fiber and Kevlar, giving the Enigma a total weight of 1,240 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="9792717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792717" title="John Wooley">
John Wooley

John Steven Wooley (born April 4, 1949) is the author, co-author, or editor of more than 25 books. They include his two newest, Shot in Oklahoma, a history of made-in-Oklahoma movies for the University of Oklahoma Press that was recently named Outstanding Book on Oklahoma History for 2011 by the Oklahoma Historical Society, and a biography of horror-movie director Wes Craven, The Man and His Nightmares, for John Wiley and Sons. Other recent works include his novel Ghost Band; The Miracle Squad, a graphic novel reprinting – with the addition of new material – the comic-book series he did with artist Terry Tidwell in the 1980s; Forgotten Horrors Vol. 5: The Atom Age and Forgotten Horrors Comics & Stories, the latest volumes in his ongoing series with co-authors Michael H. Price and Jan Alan Henderson; The Home Ranch, written with famed Osage rancher John Hughes; and From the Blue Devils to Red Dirt: The Colors of Oklahoma Music, one of only three books commissioned by the Oklahoma Centennial Commission and a finalist for the 2007 Oklahoma Book Award.
Wooley’s earlier horror-fantasy tale, Dark Within, was a finalist for the 2001 Oklahoma Book Award for Best Novel, and his first, Old Fears — co-written with fellow newspaper writer Ron Wolfe — was optioned by both Wes Craven and Paramount Pictures and is currently optioned by former Paramount vice-president Brian Witten. Other recent works include the Rogers State University centennial book, 100 Years on the Hill and Starmaker, written with country-music impresario Jim Halsey.
Current projects include a history of the Cain’s Ballroom – the legendary Tulsa venue where Bob Wills perfected and disseminated the dancehall music that came to be known as western-swing — and the play Time Changes Everything, a story of two imaginary meetings between Oklahoma music icons Bob Wills and Woody Guthrie. Written with Thomas Conner and featuring the Red Dirt Rangers, Time Changes Everything has been staged at the Folk Alliance in Memphis, Tenn; SummerStage in Tulsa; OK Mozart in Bartlesville; and in Bristow, Muskogee, Ponca City, and Woodward, Oklahoma.
He currently serves as guest curator for the Oklahoma History Center exhibit Oklahoma@the Movies, which opened in May 2012. His duties included writing and narrating a short documentary for the exhibit that tells the story of drive-in style movies through the career of Tulsa actor John Ashley.
Wooley also penned the script for the made-for-TV movie Dan Turner, Hollywood Detective, the award-winning independent film Cafe Purgatory, and the recent documentary Bill Boyce – Money Actor, along with writing comic books (including the Plan Nine from Outer Space graphic novel), trading cards, and thousands of magazine and newspaper stories, most of them in conjunction with his work as the music and horror-movie writer for the Tulsa World, a position he held from 1983 through most of 2006. From the early ‘80s to 2009, he wrote well over 100 pieces for the horror-movie magazine Fangoria. He is currently a contributing editor and columnist for Oklahoma Magazine and a lecturer in the American Studies Program at Oklahoma State University’s Tulsa campus, where he has taught classes on horror movies, Oklahoma music and films, and rock ‘n’ roll history.
He is also the producer and host of the highly rated Swing on This, Tulsa’s only western-swing radio program, heard every Saturday night on NPR affiliate KWGS (89.5 FM).
Wooley was chosen to write Roy Clark’s coffee-table-style tour book, celebrating his 60 years in show business, and to emcee the Will Rogers Rotary Club’s “Good Ride, Cowboy” event, honoring Garth Brooks – where Brooks told the crowd, “you might not know it, but John Wooley is a star.”
As a result of his efforts on behalf of his state’s music and musical figures, Wooley became, in 2003, the first writer to be inducted into the Oklahoma Music Hall of Fame. In 2009, he was also an inductee into both the Oklahoma Jazz Hall of Fame and the Oklahoma Cartoonists Hall of Fame, the latter for his comic-book writing.

</doc>
<doc id="9792747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792747" title="Come Again (Dowland)">
Come Again (Dowland)

"Come Again, sweet love doth now invite" is a song by John Dowland. The lyrics are anonymous. The song is bitter-sweet, typical of Dowland who cultivated a melancholy style.
It was included in Dowland's "First Booke of Songes or Ayres", which appeared in 1597. The piece is often performed as a lute song by soloist and lute, but, like other songs in the "First Booke", it is printed in a format that can also be performed as a madrigal by a small vocal group (typically SATB).
Lyrics.
Come again! sweet love doth now invite
Thy graces that refrain 
To do me due delight, 
To see, to hear, to touch, to kiss, to die, 
With thee again in sweetest sympathy. 
Come again! that I may cease to mourn 
Through thy unkind disdain; 
For now left and forlorn 
I sit, I sigh, I weep, I faint, I die 
In deadly pain and endless misery. 
All the day the sun that lends me shine 
By frowns do cause me pine 
And feeds me with delay; 
Her smiles, my springs that makes my joy to grow, 
Her frowns the Winters of my woe. 
All the night my sleeps are full of dreams, 
My eyes are full of streams. 
My heart takes no delight 
To see the fruits and joys that some do find 
And mark the storms are me assign'd. 
Out alas, my faith is ever true, 
Yet will she never rue 
Nor yield me any grace; 
Her eyes of fire, her heart of flint is made, 
Whom tears nor truth may once invade. 
Gentle Love, draw forth thy wounding dart, 
Thou canst not pierce her heart; 
For I, that do approve 
By sighs and tears more hot than are thy shafts 
Did tempt while she for triumph laughs. 
Recent Performances.
The Scottish tenor Paul Agnew gives a clear uncluttered performance with Christopher Wilson (from the 2005 CD "Dowland: Flow My Teares") that can be heard on YouTube. Sting recorded the song with lutenist Edin Karamazov for the album "Songs from the Labyrinth" (performed in an episode of "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip"). The song has also been recorded with Celtic harper Jay Michaels and vocalist Abby Michaels, who are the Celtic/Folk/Renaissance duo The Harper and The Minstrel. The song is on their 2008 album "Beloved Mine". In 1999, the Canadian singer/songwriter Garnet Rogers recorded the song on his album "Sparrow's Wing".
In other media.
Lines 8-10 are quoted in the Philip K. Dick novel "Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said".

</doc>
<doc id="9792760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792760" title="Martynas Švėgžda von Bekker">
Martynas Švėgžda von Bekker

Martynas Švėgžda von Bekker (born 1967) is a famous Lithuanian violinist.
Martynas began practicing the violin at the age of five. 
Since the early 90s he has performed solo with numerous orchestras throughout Europe and Russia, such as the Berliner Symphoniker under the direction of Hans Dieter Baum, the Georgian Philharmonic, the Hamburg Philharmonic, the Lithuanian Philharmonic, the Helsinki Chamber orchestra. 
Martynas Švėgžda von Bekker is a full-time violin teacher at the Lithuanian Academy of Music and Theatre. And he has collaborated with his master classes in the Magister Musicae project. He is also the artistic director of the Alternative Classical Music Festival in Vilnius.
References.
Švėgžda's bio

</doc>
<doc id="9792768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792768" title="Lincoln International District, Tacoma, Washington">
Lincoln International District, Tacoma, Washington

The Lincoln International Business District is a neighborhood in Tacoma, WA, near historic Lincoln High School. Centered on S. 38th St and Yakima, the Lincoln International District is home to the majority of Tacoma's Vietnamese businesses and community centers. According to the City of Tacoma, the district has 755 businesses employing more than 8,200 workers (2008 figures). This district is home to Vietnamese celebrations throughout the year, most notably Tết, the Vietnamese New Year.

</doc>
<doc id="9792803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792803" title="Eldon Lane">
Eldon Lane

Eldon Lane is a village in County Durham, in England. It is situated a few miles south-west of Bishop Auckland, a short distance from Shildon. 
On the High Street is The One Stop Shop. This is a local community centre run by Dene Valley Community Partnership and also houses Dene Valley Community Transport.
One Stop Shop.
The One Stop Shop and Community Resource Centre provides a range of support including:

</doc>
<doc id="9792821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792821" title="Russ &amp; Daughters">
Russ &amp; Daughters

Russ & Daughters is an appetizing store opened in 1914. It is located at 179 East Houston Street, on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York City. A family-operated store, it has been at the same location since 1914.
History.
Joel Russ, an Eastern European immigrant who arrived in America in 1907, started the business from a pushcart to cater to the throngs of Jewish immigrants settling in the Lower East Side of New York. He began by schlepping Polish Mushrooms on his shoulders to support his family, and save enough money to purchase a pushcart. Joel Russ soon was able to buy a pushcart, and expanded his operation and sold pickled herring and Polish Mushrooms. Then in 1914, Joel Russ opened J Russ International Appetizers, a storefront around the corner from the current location.
In 1920, Joel Russ opened his store at the current location of 179 East Houston Street, after a few years of operating out of the original storefront around the corner. In 1933, he renamed the business "Russ and Daughters" after making his three daughters, Hattie, Ida and Anne, partners in the store. According to Hattie, they had all worked in the store "since they were 8 years old" on weekends. They would fish out the herring fillets from the pickle barrels and learn the importance of hard work and dedication. Once each one of them finished high school, they all worked full-time, and so it was only natural that they continue to work in the business that had provided for them since they were born.
Historically, businesses typically took on the name "and sons", but since Joel Russ only had daughters, the unique way in which this small family business began took on a whole new meaning. Moreover, Joel Russ never closed the store, working seven days a week. However, Joel Russ was not a 'feminist' ahead of his time. For him, getting his daughters into the business was not a matter of persuasion, but a matter of "parnosa", or surviving to make a business. "Vi nemptmen parnosa" was what Joel Russ famously used to say, meaning 'From where do we take our living.'
Russ & Daughters was recently featured on an episode of the TV series "Louie" and in the theatrical movie "Lola Versus".

</doc>
<doc id="9792864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792864" title="Lancashire United Transport">
Lancashire United Transport

Lancashire United Transport (LUT) was a tram, bus and trolleybus operator based at Howe Bridge in Atherton, 10 miles north west of Manchester. It had the distinction of being the largest independent bus operator in the UK until its acquisition by Greater Manchester PTE in 1976.
History.
The company was founded in 1905 as Lancashire United Tramways Ltd to assume operation of the South Lancashire Tramways tram system, which had run into financial difficulties. The tram system was centred on the towns of Leigh and Atherton in South Lancashire, with lines running towards St Helens, Wigan, Bolton and Salford.
Trams continued to run under the ""South Lancashire Tramways"" fleetname, but after the First World War LUT took the opportunity to operate motorbus services using the ""Lancashire United"" fleetname. By 1926, the bus fleet had reached the total of 100 operating over 21 routes. The company changed its name in the same year to Lancashire United Transport and Power Company Ltd to reflect the widened range of business activities.
The company continued to operated routes in South Lancashire until purchased by Greater Manchester PTE in 1976. LUT remained as an independent subsidiary until 1981 when the company was officially wound up and its assets transferred to Greater Manchester Transport.

</doc>
<doc id="9792866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792866" title="Bruker">
Bruker

Bruker Corporation is a manufacturer of scientific instruments for molecular and materials research, as well as for industrial and applied analysis. It is headquartered in Billerica, Massachusetts and is the publicly traded parent company of Bruker Scientific Instruments (Bruker AXS, Bruker BioSpin, Bruker Daltonics and Bruker Optics) and Bruker Energy & Supercon Technologies (BEST) divisions.
In April 2010, Bruker created a Chemical Analysis Division (headquartered in Fremont, CA) under the Bruker Daltonics subsidiary. This division contains three former Varian product lines: ICPMS systems, laboratory gas chromatography (GC), and GC-triple quadrupole mass spectrometer (originally designed by Bear Instruments and acquired by Varian in 2001).
In 2012 it sponsored the Fritz Feigl Prize.
Growth.
In 2010 Bruker bought 3 product lines from Agilent, which Agilent had acquired from Varian. These included mass spectrometry and gas chromatography instruments.
In 2011 Bruker acquired Michrom Bioresources which expanded their liquid chromatography line.
In 2012 Bruker bought parts of Carestream Health, including their in-vivo imaging portfolio and related aspects. 
In April 2012, Bruker acquired Skyscan, a leading provider of Micro-CT Systems for 3D X-Ray Imaging in Materials Research and Preclinical Studies. 
In 2013 Bruker acquired Prairie Technologies, a provider of life science fluorescent microscopy products.
Notable product use.
Bruker products are used globally in a variety of situations. The National High Magnetic Field Laboratory at Florida State University selected Bruker to build the world's first 21.0 tesla FT-ICR MS.
The Total Carbon Column Observing Network uses high resolution FT spectrometers made by Bruker to measure various greenhouse gases across the globe.
Awards.
In May, 2004, Frost & Sullivan selected the Company's Bruker Daltonics subsidiary for their 2004 Product Line Innovation Award for the Life Sciences. Bruker Daltonics received this award for its innovative development of sophisticated mass spectrometers. 

</doc>
<doc id="9792895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792895" title="Moss people">
Moss people

The moss people or moss-folk (, "moss-folk", "wilde Leute", "wild folk"), also referred to as the wood people or wood-folk ("Holzleute", "wood-folk") or forest-folk ("Waldleute", "forest-folk"), are a class of fairy-folk, variously compared to dwarves, elves, or spirits, described in the folklore of Germany as having an intimate connection to trees and the forest. In German the words "Schrat" and "Waldschrat" are also used for a moss person. (Compare Old Norse "skratti", "goblin".)
Descriptions.
They are sometimes described as similar to dwarves, being the same size as children, "grey and old-looking, hairy, and clad in moss." In other descriptions they are said to be pretty or even have butterfly wings.
According to legend, these fairies would occasionally borrow items from people but would always compensate the owners generously. In certain myths, the moss folk would ask humans for breast milk to feed their young.
They were often but not always the object of the Wild Hunt. According to folklore, in order to escape the hunt they enter the trees that woodsmen have marked with a cross that will be chopped down.
The moss people are similar to hamadryads. Their lives are "attached to the trees; if any one causes by friction the inner bark to loosen a Wood-woman dies."
Jacob Grimm believed that Gothic "skōhsl", used to translate Koine Greek δαιμόνιον ("daimonion"), "demon", in the New Testament, was related to Old Norse "skōgr" and Old English "sceaga", both meaning "forest", and therefore represented a cognate of the moss people in Gothic folklore. Subsequent authors, however, have related "skōhsl" with English "shuck" (from Old English "scucca", "evil spirit") and German "Scheusal", 
"monster" (from Middle High German "schūsel", though by folk etymology identified with "scheuen", "to dread", and "-sal", a noun suffix).
Parallels have been drawn between the moss people and woodwoses. Early descriptions of Germanic beliefs include descriptions of "wood people" by the 6th century Roman historian Jordanes and "woodland women" by the 11th-century Rhenish bishop Burchard of Worms. Furthermore, Grimm recorded the terms "wildiu wīp", "wildero wībo", "wilder wībe", "wilden wībe", "wildaz wīp" (all meaning "wild wife") and "wilde fröuwelīn" ("wild maiden") from various early medieval texts.
According to Jacob Grimm:
Between Leidhecken and Dauernheim in the Wetterau stands the high mountain, and on it a stone, "der welle fra gestoil" (the wild woman's chairs); there is an impression on the rock, as of the limbs of human sitters. The people say the "wild folk" lived there 'wei di schtan noch mell warn,' while the stones were still soft; afterwards, being persecuted, the man ran away, the wife and child remained in custody at Dauernheim until they died.
"Des Knaben Wunderhorn" records "folk-songs make the huntsman in the wood start a dark-brown maid, and hail her: 'whither away, "wild beast"?', but his mother did not take to the bride."

</doc>
<doc id="9792904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792904" title="Trevor Rhone">
Trevor Rhone

Trevor Dave Rhone (24 March 1940 – 15 September 2009) was a Jamaican writer, playwright and film maker. He co-wrote, with director Perry Henzell, the internationally successful film "The Harder They Come" (1972).
Life.
Trevor Rhone, was not the First child of twenty-one, grew up in a tiny town of Bellas Gate in Jamaica. After seeing his first play at the age of nine he fell in love with theatre. Educated at Beckford & Smith High School (later St. George's High School) in St Andrew Jamaica, He began his theatre career as a teacher after a three-year stint at Rose Bruford College, an English drama school, where he studied in the early 1960s on scholarship. He was part of the renaissance of Jamaican theatre in the early 1970s. Rhone participated in a group called Theatre '77, which established The Barn, a small theatre in Kingston, Jamaica, to stage local performances. The vision of the group that came together in 1965 was that in 12 years, by 1977, there would be professional theatre in Jamaica.
His prolific work includes the films "The Harder They Come" (1972), co-author; "Smile Orange" (1974), based on his play of the same name; "Top Rankin′"; "Milk and Honey" (1988), winner; "One Love" (2003), Cannes Film Festival favorite.
Death.
Trevor D. Rhone died on 15 September 2009 of a massive heart attack, and was buried in Bellas Gate, St. Catherine, Jamaica. He is survived by his three children, Traci, Trevor-David and Jonathan, wife Camella and grandchild Sofia.
Honours.
For a more complete list see Awards and Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="9792928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792928" title="Dean F. Martin">
Dean F. Martin

Dean F. Martin is a distinguished university Professor Emeritus and Director of the Institute for Environmental Studies at the University of South Florida, where he has been a member of the faculty since 1964.
Previously, he was a member of the faculty of the University of Illinois as Instructor and Assistant Professor of Inorganic Chemistry (1959-1964). He and his wife, Barbara B. Martin, share research interests concerned with the coordination chemistry of natural water systems, including problems of red tide and aquatic weeds. The Martins were co-Editors of the "Florida Scientist" (the peer-reviewed scientific publication of the Florida Academy of Sciences) from 1984 to 2010.
Dean Martin is the author or co-author of over 300 publications, including four books. He received his B.A. from Grinnell College in 1955 and his Ph.D. from the Pennsylvania State University in 1958.
In 1958-59, he was a National Science Foundation Post-Doctoral Fellow at University College, London. He received (1969-1974) a Career Development Award from the Division of General Medical Sciences, NIH, to study the chemistry and chemical environment of algal toxins.
In 1970-71, he was a Visiting Professor of Physiology and Pharmacology at Duke University Medical Center. He was the recipient of the 1975 Florida Award and the 1987 Civic Service Award of the Florida Section; in 1978, he received the F. J. Zimmermann Award in Environmental Science from the Central Wisconsin Section, sponsored by Zimpro Inc.; and in 1983, he was elected Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Dean and Barbara Martin were the co-recipients of the 1994 Medalist Award of the Florida Academy of Sciences, its highest award.
Dean Martin has been active in the Florida Section of the American Chemical Society (Chairman, 1986), and he has held several positions in the Aquatic Plant Management Society (President, 1986-87).

</doc>
<doc id="9792929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792929" title="Dream Budget">
Dream Budget

The Union Budget of India for the year 1997–98, also called the Dream Budget by the Indian media, was presented on February 28, 1997, by Finance Minister P. Chidambaram. The budget presented a road map for economic reforms in India and included lowering income tax rates, removal of the surcharge on corporate taxes, and reduced corporate tax rates.

</doc>
<doc id="9792937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792937" title="Fresh Mode">
Fresh Mode

Fresh Mode is the first release by Long Beach hip hop group Ugly Duckling.

</doc>
<doc id="9792959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9792959" title="Jovita Delaney">
Jovita Delaney

Jovita Delaney (born 1974) is an Irish sportsperson. She played senior camogie with Tipperary and Cashel Camogie Club, winning All-Star awards in 2005 and 2006, a Lynchpin award, predecessor of the All Star awards, in 2003 and All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003 and 2004.
Early life.
Jovita Delaney was born in Boherlahan near Cashel, County Tipperary in 1974. She grew up surrounded by an atmosphere of hurling activity. Her father had played with his local club in his youth and was heavily involved in coaching the local juvenile teams. The family’s association with the game stretches back almost one hundred years as Arthur O'Donnell, a cousin, won All-Ireland medals with Tipperary in 1916 and 1925. Delaney frequently attended games with her family, however, it was not until she attended Scoil Mhuire in Cashel that she first became involved in competitive camogie. It was here that she first tasted success, winning both junior and senior Munster titles in 1989 and 1990. Unfortunately an All-Ireland title eluded her.
Playing career.
Club.
By attending school in Cashel Delaney became involved with Cashel camogie club. Here she won several under-age titles before breaking onto the senior team in the late 1980s. The club had a great run of success at senior level, with Delaney winning county titles as a member of the forward line in 1989, 1990, 1991. By the late 1990s she had switched to the full-back line where she won a further four county medals between 1998 and 2001. Delaney added a Munster club medal in 2001, however, her side were defeated in the All-Ireland final.
Inter-county.
Delaney began playing with the Tipperary minor team in 1986 at the age of twelve. Four years later she tasted her first major success when she won an All-Ireland medal at minor level. In the game itself against Kilkenny Delaney scored seven points from centre-forward. This win was particularly special as it was Tipperary’s first camogie title at any grade. Two years later in 1992 Delaney had more success when she won an All-Ireland title with the Tipperary junior team. Another All-Ireland medal followed in 1997 when the Tipperary intermediate team won the All-Ireland title following a win over Clare.
She played in eight successive All Ireland finals for Tipperary winning five All Ireland medals in 1999, 2000, 2001, 2003 and 2004. She won her first All Ireland senior club medal with Cashel in 2007 and a second against Athenry in 2009. She was nominated for a further All Star award in 2004.
In 1999 she became goalkeeper on the senior team and would shortly taste major success. That year Tipperary reached their first-ever senior All-Ireland final where they faced Kilkenny. Tipp emerged victorious by a single point and Delaney claimed her first senior All-Ireland medal. In 2000 Delaney was appointed captain of Tipperary’s senior camogie team. Once again her side reached the All-Ireland final but this time the opponents were Cork. Tipp won on the day and Delaney captured her second senior All-Ireland medal. Her performance on the day earned her the RTÉ Player of the Match award. In 2001 Tipperary made it three-in-a-row following a comprehensive defeat of Kilkenny.
The next five years would see Tipperary face Cork in five consecutive All-Ireland finals. Cork won in 2002, however, Delaney’s Tipperary side won back-to-back titles in 2003 and 2004. Cork emerged victorious once again in 2005 and 2006 with back-to-back victories of their own.

</doc>
<doc id="9793000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793000" title="Clinical Microbiology Reviews">
Clinical Microbiology Reviews

Clinical Microbiology Reviews is an academic journal published by the American Society for Microbiology. The title is commonly abbreviated CMR and the ISSN is 0893-8512 for the print version, and 1098-6618 for the electronic version.

</doc>
<doc id="9793027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793027" title="Karbon">
Karbon

Karbon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9793038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793038" title="List of Wickes class destroyers">
List of Wickes class destroyers

"Wickes"-class destroyers
Ships in class.
USS "Tillman".
A further 50 ships were built.

</doc>
<doc id="9793061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793061" title="Hans-Peter Stenzl">
Hans-Peter Stenzl

Hans-Peter Stenzl was born in 1960. He and his brother Volker Stenzl form the leading German piano duet of the younger generation, called Stenzl Pianoduo.
Since the profit of the Munich German national radio and television network contest in 1986 the Stenzls have appeared in almost all countries of Europe, in West Africa, in North America and South America, and also in Japan.
In September, 1999 they had their debut in the Suntory Resound in Tokyo. In the meantime Hans-Peter Stenzl is also an "in-demand" juror at national and international music contests.

</doc>
<doc id="9793065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793065" title="DBPC">
DBPC

DBPC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9793068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793068" title="Úna O'Connor (camogie)">
Úna O'Connor (camogie)

Úna O'Connor (born 1938) is a former Irish sportsperson who played senior camogie with Dublin from 1953 until 1975. She is regarded as one of the greatest players of all-time, a member of the team of the century. the first camogie player to win a Caltex award in 1966, and the Gaelic Weekly all-star award winner in 1967.
Early life.
Úna O'Connor was born in Fairview, Dublin in 1938. The youngest of eight children her mother died when she was just eighteen years-old. O'Connor grew up in Dublin at a time when the county’s Gaelic footballers were successful. She was a great admirer of Kevin Heffernan and often received coaching advice from him before she played in big games.
Playing career.
Club.
O'Connor played her club camogie with the Celtic club in Dublin. She enjoyed much success with Celtic, winning ten Dublin county camogie championship titles in all. She was also one of the key players when the club won the first All-Ireland club camogie championship in 1964.
Inter-county.
In 1953 O'Connor won her first All-Ireland medal with Dublin. Although she was only fifteen years-old she showed her exceptional talent by scoring three goals in the defeat of Tipperary. After this the honours came thick and fast for O’Connor as she collected two further All-Ireland medals in 1954 and 1955.
In 1957 Dublin reached the All-Ireland final once again, however, O’Connor was out of favour with the management and was not in the starting line-up for the game. With Dublin struggling with ten minutes left in the game, O’Connor was brought on and showed her talent once again by scoring the winning goal. Although she was only nineteen years-old she had just won her fourth All-Ireland medal. This victory began an amazing run of success that by 1966 saw O’Connor win ten All-Ireland medals in-a-row. This achievement is unique to O’Connor and one that is unlikely to be ever equalled. In 1963 and 1964 she had the honour of captaining her native county to back-to-back victories.
In 1967 O’Connor appeared in another All-Ireland final, however, Antrim gained revenge on Dublin by beating them in the All-Ireland final replay. In spite of this she received the Caltex Award for best player of the year, thus becoming the first camogie player to be so honoured. In 1975 O’Connor came out of retirement to play in the Leinster championship against Wexford. Once again she showed her versatility by playing as a full-back, while she previously played as a forward.
Retirement.
In retirement O'Connor's reputation as one of the greatest players of all-time has grown.
Her haul of thirteen All-Ireland medals is a record that stands second to her fellow county colleague Kathleen Mills who heads the honours list with fifteen medals. In 2004 O’Connor was named in the wing-forward position on a special team picked to celebrate the centenary of Cumann Camogaíochta na nGael.

</doc>
<doc id="9793097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793097" title="Etiqueta Negra (magazine)">
Etiqueta Negra (magazine)

Etiqueta Negra (Spanish for "Black Label") is a monthly Peruvian magazine of narrative journalism style, also published in Panama and Chile. Founded by Julio Villanueva Chang and currently edited by Eliezer Budasoff, it counts with the contribution of renowned writers, journalists and artists of Latin America. Inspired by American "The New Yorker", "Etiqueta Negra" publishes chronicles, essays and reports.
From its beginning in 2002, first bimonthly and then monthly, each "Etiqueta Negra" issue focuses on a main subject (cinema, erotism, fashion, cuisine, etc.) from several perspectives and using a number of techniques: from the photographic chronicle to the essay, from the report to the interview.
The Fall 2007 issue of The Virginia Quarterly Review dedicated to South America was nominated for the National Magazine Award. That issue was edited and published by VQR in alliance with Etiqueta Negra.
Contributors.
"Etiqueta Negra" has published texts of writers and journalists such as Mario Vargas Llosa, Juan Villoro, Jon Lee Anderson, Carlos Monsiváis, Martín Caparrós, Alberto Barrera Tyszka, Fernando Savater, Joaquín Sabina, Jaime Bayly, Alberto Fuguet, Susan Orlean, Iván Thays and Oliver Sacks, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="9793102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793102" title="Alfa Romeo RL">
Alfa Romeo RL

The Alfa Romeo RL was produced between 1922-1927. It was Alfa's first sport model after World War I. The car was designed in 1921 by Giuseppe Merosi. It had a straight-6 engine with overhead valves. Three different versions were made: Normale, Turismo and Sport.
The RLTF (Targa Florio) was the race version of RL - it weighed half of normal versions, the engine had seven main bearings instead of four and double carburetors.
In 1923 Alfa's race team had drivers like Ugo Sivocci, Antonio Ascari, Giulio Masetti and Enzo Ferrari.
Sivocci's car had green cloverleaf symbol on white background and when he won Targa Florio 1923, that symbol was to become the Alfa team's good luck token.
RL total production was 2640.
Variants:
References.
Borgeson, G. (2002). The Alfa Romeo Tradition. ISBN 0-85429-875-4

</doc>
<doc id="9793133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793133" title="John Crichton, 5th Earl Erne">
John Crichton, 5th Earl Erne

John Henry George Crichton, 5th Earl Erne (22 November 1907 – 23 May 1940), briefly styled Viscount Crichton in 1914, was an Anglo-Irish peer, soldier and politician.
Background.
Erne was the only son of Henry Crichton, Viscount Crichton, eldest son of John Crichton, 4th Earl Erne. His mother was Lady Mary Cavendish Grosvenor, daughter of Hugh Grosvenor, 1st Duke of Westminster. In October 1914 his father was killed in action in the First World War and only a month later, aged seven, he succeeded his grandfather as fifth Earl Erne. 
Political and military career.
Erne was active in the House of Lords and served as a Lord-in-Waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) from 1936 to 1939 in the National Government led firstly by Stanley Baldwin and later by Neville Chamberlain. Erne was commissioned into the Royal Horse Guards from Sandhurst in 1927. He was promoted Lieutenant in 1930 and resigned his commission in 1934. He later joined the North Irish Horse and fought in the Second World War as a Major.
Family.
Lord Erne married Lady Davidema Katharine Cynthia Mary Millicent Bulwer-Lytton (1909-1995), daughter of Victor Bulwer-Lytton, 2nd Earl of Lytton and Pamela Plowden, in 1931. On 23 May 1940 he died in France from wounds received in action during the German invasion, aged 32. He was succeeded in his titles by his two-year-old only son Henry. Lady Erne later married the Conservative politician "Monty" Woodhouse. 

</doc>
<doc id="9793159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793159" title="Isabel Withers">
Isabel Withers

Isabel Withers (January 20, 1896 – September 3, 1968) was an American actress, who worked in theatre, film and television.
Theater.
As a youth, Withers lived in Coffeyville, Kansas and Illinois. She attended school in Kansas City, Missouri.
She later enrolled in a school of drama in Kansas City and joined a Chautauqua circuit repertoire company. At the time it was playing in Billings, Montana performing "The Melting Pot", a play by Israel Zangwill. Following a route of "tented colleges", Withers first appeared on the road in "Little Women". She played the leading role in "The Tailor Made Man" after a season in stock theatre in Utica, New York. She performed in "Cappy Ricks" in Chicago.
George M. Cohan selected Withers for the lead feminine role, with Lowell Sherman, in the Chicago company of "The Tavern". In New York City she appeared in "Kempy" at the Belmont Theater. While in New York Withers modeled for an exclusive gown shop during the day. Henry Duffy wired her to come to San Francisco, California to do "Kempy" just as she was on her way to visit her mother in Los Angeles.
She made her way south acting in "Love Em and Leave 'Em" and "Rain". Withers starred in "Rain" at the old Orpheum Theater, 12th Street, San Francisco, California, in November 1926. Drawing comparisons to actress Jeanne Eagels, she drew praise in the role of "Sadie Thompson".
Movies and television.
Withers accumulated ninety-two screen and television credits, beginning with a role in the movie "The Hot Spot" (1931). Many of her screen appearances were uncredited parts. She was also in her share of B-movies. Two memorable movies in which she had uncredited parts were "The Babe Ruth Story" (1948) and "Monkey Business" (1952).
She performed on television during the 1950s in such shows as "Four Star Playhouse" (1955), "Lassie" (1956), "The Millionaire" (1957), and
"The Bob Cummings Show" (1958).
Isabel Withers died in 1968 in Hollywood, California, aged 72.

</doc>
<doc id="9793167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793167" title="Asperoteuthis acanthoderma">
Asperoteuthis acanthoderma

Asperoteuthis acanthoderma is a large species of squid belonging to the family Chiroteuthidae. It is characterised by the tiny, pointed tubercules present on its skin and a Y-shaped groove in the funnel locking apparatus.
The largest recorded specimen measured in mantle length (ML), although its original total length is unknown as it was missing the very delicate feeding tentacles. A smaller specimen, ML, had tentacles 12 times the length of its mantle, giving a total length of almost . This makes "A. acanthoderma" one of the longest known cephalopods.
The type specimen of "A. acanthoderma" was collected in the Celebes Sea and is deposited at the Zoologisk Museum of Københavns Universitet in Copenhagen. "A. acanthoderma" is also known from waters off the Cayman Islands, the Florida Keys, Okinawa, and Hawaii. 
The first known specimen from the Atlantic Ocean was found by a charter fisherman while floating in deep water off the southern coast of Key West, Florida on 20 February 2007. It measured ML and is thought to have been long when intact. Although an incomplete specimen, missing most of its tentacles, it weighed and measured in total length.
In 2007, teuthologist Richard E. Young stated that "probably fewer than 10" specimens of "A. acanthoderma" had ever been reported. However, since 2006 there has been an influx of new specimens from the Caribbean Basin and Atlantic. Four specimens were recorded between 2006 and 2007 (two from the Florida Keys, one off Grand Cayman, and one off Little Cayman). This was followed by another specimen from Little Cayman in May 2008 and another from Grand Cayman in September 2009. A large specimen around long was found floating at the surface off the Cayman Islands in 2013. It was transported to the University of South Florida St. Petersburg on a Royal Caribbean cruise and later transferred to the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C..

</doc>
<doc id="9793213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793213" title="Arethuse">
Arethuse

The Arethuse is a fountain on the island of Ortygia in Syracuse, Sicily.
The fountain is mentioned in a number of poems, for instance John Milton’s "Lycidas" (l. 85) and his masque "Arcades", as well as Alexander Pope’s "The Dunciad" (Bk 2, l. 342) and William Wordsworth's "The Prelude" (Bk X, l. 1033); which they would have known from Virgil's Tenth "Eclogue" (l. 1) and Theocritus' "Idylls" (I, l. 117). Virgil reckons the eponymous nymph as the divinity who inspired bucolic or pastoral poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="9793224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793224" title="Delano Hotel">
Delano Hotel

The Delano Hotel is an upscale resort located at 1685 Collins Avenue, Miami Beach, Florida. The resort features 194 guest rooms, suites and lofts, and is located directly on the beach. Delano is now a part of the Morgans Hotel Group collection. The Delano is known for its whimsical, art-deco styling and its celebrity clientele. The lobby is a mecca for late-night minglers. In 2007, the Delano Hotel was ranked in the American Institute of Architects list of "America's Favorite Architecture". On April 18, 2012, the AIA's Florida Chapter placed the Delano Hotel on its list of "Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places".
History.
Designed by famed architect Robert Swartburg, the Delano was built in 1947 by Rob and Rose Schwartz. The then four-winged art-deco tower of the Delano was the tallest building in Miami, dwarfing the Miami News & Metropolis (Freedom Tower) built in 1925 in downtown Miami and rising majestically above the sand and surf of Miami Beach. The 1994 renovations were designed by Philippe Starck. 

</doc>
<doc id="9793262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793262" title="Wait">
Wait

Wait or WAIT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9793263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793263" title="Covariance function">
Covariance function

In probability theory and statistics, covariance is a measure of how much two variables change together, and the covariance function, or kernel, describes the spatial covariance of a random variable process or field. For a random field or stochastic process "Z"("x") on a domain "D", a covariance function "C"("x", "y") gives the covariance of the values of the random field at the two locations "x" and "y":
The same "C"("x", "y") is called the autocovariance function in two instances: in time series (to denote exactly the same concept except that "x" and "y" refer to locations in time rather than in space), and in multivariate random fields (to refer to the covariance of a variable with itself, as opposed to the cross covariance between two different variables at different locations, "Cov"("Z"("x"1), "Y"("x"2))).
Admissibility.
For locations "x"1, "x"2, …, "x""N" ∈ "D" the variance of every linear combination
can be computed as
A function is a valid covariance function if and only if this variance is non-negative for all possible choices of "N" and weights "w"1, …, "w""N". A function with this property is called positive definite.
Simplifications with stationarity.
In case of a weakly stationary random field, where
for any lag "h", the covariance function can be represented by a one-parameter function
which is called a "covariogram" and also a "covariance function". Implicitly the "C"("x""i", "x""j") can be computed from "C""s"("h") by:
The positive definiteness of this single-argument version of the covariance function can be checked by Bochner's theorem.
Parametric families of covariance functions.
A simple stationary parametric covariance function is the "exponential covariance function"
where "V" is a scaling parameter, and "d"="d"("x","y") is the distance between two points. Sample paths of a Gaussian process with the exponential covariance function are not smooth. The "squared exponential covariance function"
is a stationary covariance function with smooth sample paths.
The Matérn covariance function and rational quadratic covariance function are two parametric families of stationary covariance functions. The Matérn family includes the exponential and squared exponential covariance functions as special cases.

</doc>
<doc id="9793308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793308" title="James Baker Hall">
James Baker Hall

James Baker Hall (April 14, 1935 – June 25, 2009) was an American poet, novelist, photographer and teacher.
Biography.
James Baker Hall was born in Lexington, Kentucky in 1935. He was raised in a southern family of means and social standing, only to have a family scandal turn tragic when he was eight years old. This trauma, and its enduring consequence, would shape Hall’s life work as an artist, which began when he took up photography at age eleven.
Hall graduated from the University of Kentucky with a B.A. in English, having studied writing under Robert Hazel among his lifelong literary colleagues: Wendell Berry, Ed McClanahan, Gurney Norman, and Bobbie Ann Mason. In 1960, he received a Stegner Fellowship at Stanford University and shared the historic workshops in which "Leaving Cheyenne" (Larry McMurtry) and "One Flew Over the Cookoo’s Nest" (Ken Kesey) were being written. After his first novel, "Yates Paul, His Grand Flights, His Tootings" (also written in these same workshops) was published to critical acclaim, Hall returned to his roots in photography. During this time, he became the close colleague of such photographers as Minor White, Richard Benson, and Ralph Eugene Meatyard, was a contributing editor for "Aperture", and lectured widely on photography in such places as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Rhode Island School of Design, the Visual Studies Workshop, and the Minneapolis Museum of Art.
In 1973, Hall came back to Lexington to teach at the University of Kentucky and, for the next thirty years, would act as director of the creative writing program. In 2003, he retired as professor emeritus, having vastly influenced the next generation of Kentucky writers. Notable students include: Maurice Manning, T. Crunk, and Patrick O’Keeffe.
Hall was prolific as both a writer and a visual artist, publishing widely in both arenas. In 2001, Hall was named the Poet Laureate of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. He was married to novelist Mary Ann Taylor-Hall, author of "Come and Go, Molly Snow" and "At the Breakers". He died on June 25, 2009 in his home outside Sadieville, Kentucky.
Publications.
Writing
Photography
Select Articles
Select Anthologies
Filmography.
"Firesticks", Premiere: Collective for Living Cinema, NYC. 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9793325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793325" title="Arnicastrum guerrerense">
Arnicastrum guerrerense

Arnicastrum guerrerense Villaseñor 1986 (sometimes called "A. guerrense") from the family Asteraceae is a perennial herb with yellow flowers known from Mexico. It was discovered in 1983 in the mountains of Sierra Madre del Sur in the Mexican state Guerrero and described in the scientific magazine "Systematic Botany" 3 years later. It was found in the altitude of 3200 m above the sea level in a coniferous forest with predominant "Pinus hartwegii" and "Abies". However it is just known from Mexico, the Mexican red list of endangered plants describe it as non endemitic.
Red List Status.
"A. guerrerense" is listed on the official red list of Mexico as a plant which needs "special protection".
Literature.
Villaseñor, J. L. 1986. A New Species of the Mexican Genus Arnicastrum Greenm. (Asteraceae: Heliantheae). Systematic Botany 11(2):277-279.

</doc>
<doc id="9793391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793391" title="Buyer listing service">
Buyer listing service

A Buyer Listing Service ("BLS") is a system designed to gather relevant information, via data entries by a prospective home buyer, her real estate 'Buyer Agent', or both, concerning the Buyer's financial qualifications regarding a home purchase and the Buyer's needs and wants for the sought for home (number of bedrooms, location, square footage, etc.). Working in much the same way as the well-known Multiple Listing Service ("MLS") operates to market homes-for-sale, a BLS system provides corresponding data from the Buyer's perspective. BLS systems may be integrated with MLS systems operated by the local Association of Realtors, 'free-standing'and available directly to Buyer and Seller consumers, or operated through in-house systems of privately owned real estate brokerages.

</doc>
<doc id="9793408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793408" title="The Quad St. Charles">
The Quad St. Charles

The Quad St. Charles (Formerly Charlestowne Mall) is a two-story shopping mall located in St. Charles, Illinois.
The mall's anchor stores include Von Maur (formerly JCPenney), Carson Pirie Scott and Kohl's.
History.
Charlestowne Mall was built on the far east side of St. Charles. It opened in 1991.
The mall boasted an Italian made double decked carousel in the food court. The mall also featured over 120 retail stores and 4 anchors.
Major changes to the mall include the construction of the Regal Cinemas on the Northwest Anchor slot of the mall (now Classic Cinemas). In 2001, JCPenney closed their location, which became Von Maur a year later.
New Ownership.
In June 2010, a California based investment group acquired the mall with plans to revitalize it. However, as of early 2012, there were numerous vacancies in the mall. While marketing and signage have advertised the construction of an indoor ice rink and a large sushi and seafood buffet., After over a year later there have been no indications of communication between mall ownership and the city in terms of beginning construction for these projects, On January 4, 2011, Sears announced that their Charlestowne location would close before April 3, 2011 after negotiations between the new mall management company and Sears officials broke down, leaving only Carson Pirie Scott, Kohl's, and Von Maur the remaining anchor stores. Sears shut its doors for the last time on March 20, 2011.
After two years of no contact with the mall's ownership, city officials stated a plan in 2012 to spend $35,000 on a study to determine the best options for the mall site.
The Krauz Companies Take Over.
In mid August the abandoned mall was put under contract to be sold by Mark Goodman & Associates. They hoped to close on the property as soon as mid September, according to the Daily Herald. A full presentation of the future plans of the mall was to be given to the city within the next 30–45 days they stated. "Goodman said his group 'absolutely' intends to keep the mall property as some form of a shopping center." 
On November 14, 2013 The Krausz Companies Inc acquired the mall property and renamed it from Charlestowne Mall, to The Quad St. Charles. The new owners are to demolish the current Sears wing of the mall and completely remodel the interior and exterior of the mall. "The inspiration for The Quad name centers on the "neighborhood feeling" the company is trying to bring to the mall through a redesign. Outdoor patio dining and exterior merchandised retails will be part of the mall for the first time. There will also be a 'welcoming center' with a fireplace as the key attraction for families and shoppers to gather. The existing abundant natural light will be retained in the new environment" said Krausz Executive Vice President Jay E. Krigsman. Construction is expected to start in April 2014, and be completed by Fall 2015. 
As of April 2014 the only true tenant left in the mall is Lenscrafters (excluding anchor stores). Lenscrafters, the anchor stores, and the cinema are to stay open during construction.
The Krausz company had stated that groundbreaking has been moved back to about late July or early August 2014, although they are still on schedule for the fall 2015 grand reopening.

</doc>
<doc id="9793429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793429" title="Eukaryotic Cell">
Eukaryotic Cell

Eukaryotic Cell is an academic journal published by the American Society for Microbiology. The title is commonly abbreviated EC and the ISSN is 1535-9778 for the print version (to 2008), and 1535-9786 for the electronic version.
It is Indexed/Abstracted in: "Agricola", "Biological Abstracts", "BIOSIS Previews", "CAB Abstracts", "Cambridge Scientific Abstracts", "Current Contents Life Sciences" "Illustrata", "MEDLINE", "Science Citation Index Expanded", "Summon", and more.
External links.
Eukaryotic Cell

</doc>
<doc id="9793445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793445" title="Computing (Urdu magazine)">
Computing (Urdu magazine)

Computing (Urdu: کمپیوٹنگ) is a monthly magazine, published in Pakistan in the Urdu language. The first issue was published February 25, 2007. From the very first issue, "Computing" caught the attention of IT magazine-readers in Pakistan. As "Computing" is written in the local language, it has more potential to reach Pakistan's IT community than English IT magazines available in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="9793448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793448" title="The Hawk (Saint Joseph's University mascot)">
The Hawk (Saint Joseph's University mascot)

The Hawk is the mascot of Saint Joseph’s University. The Hawk represents the University’s motto, “The Hawk Will Never Die” by flapping its wings non-stop (even during halftime) throughout every basketball game. The Hawk, who has been flapping his wings since 1956, is one of the most decorated mascots in college sports, having been called the best college mascot by ESPN College Basketball Magazine, Sports Illustrated, and The Sporting News.
History of The Hawk.
One of the most famous mascots in college sports, the Saint Joseph's Hawk has been flapping its wings for 57 years.The Hawk, which celebrated its golden anniversary in 2005-06, is best known for staying in constant motion by flapping its wings throughout every basketball game and representing the Saint Joseph's motto, "The Hawk Will Never Die." 
In 2014, the Hawk Mascot was named as the "Best College Basketball Tradition" by NCAA.com.
Jim Brennan originated the idea for a hawk as mascot during the 1954-55 season. Brennan, an ex-Marine and SJU cheerleader, at first wanted to secure an actual hawk, but later switched to the costume idea. The student government raised the 120 dollars needed to buy the initial costume, which Brennan donned for three years. He made his debut as the Hawk on January 4, 1956, a 69-56 win over La Salle at the Palestra. Since then, and including this season, a total of 34 SJU students, have donned the costume. The Hawk has not missed a men's basketball game since that first season.
There have been two women to serve as the mascot - Sara Brennan in 2000-01 and Brienne Ryan in 2009-10.
In addition to the constant flapping, the Hawk is also recognized by its "flying" in figure eights around the court during timeouts. The constant motion, coupled with the scrappy play of the University's athletic teams, helped to spawn the school's familiar slogan "The Hawk Will Never Die!" A few years ago, ESPN used a "flap-o-meter" on the national telecast of a Saint Joseph's game to estimate that the Hawk flaps its wings 3,500 times during a regulation game.
The Hawk is unique because it is one of the few mascots in the nation that travels to every game, and the student who holds the position gains a full scholarship. The student, who is selected through an interview process during the previous spring semester, also serves as a team manager for the men's basketball team and travels with the squad.
The most decorated mascot in the country, The Hawk has garnered numerous accolades in its 50-year history. The Sporting News, Sports Illustrated, Sports Illustrated for Kids, Street & Smith's Basketball Yearbook and ESPN College Basketball magazine have selected it as the nation's top mascot. Eastern Basketball tabbed The Hawk as the Atlantic 10 Conference's best mascot, while The Hawk won a "Best of Philly" award from Philadelphia Magazine in 2003-04. More recently, The Hawk was named as a nominee for induction into the 2008 Mascot Hall of Fame.
Saint Joseph's athletic teams have been recognized with the nickname "Hawks" since 1929. At that time, the school's yearbook editor, Charlie Dunn, initiated a contest among the student body for a symbol. More than 100 submissions were narrowed to two, with "Hawks" winning out over "Grenadiers" (World War I soldiers who specialized in tossing grenades) by a slim margin in the final vote. John Gallagher '31, a catcher on the Saint Joseph's baseball team, submitted the winning suggestion. He won a sweater with a special Saint Joseph's monogram for selecting the winning name. According to the student annual, the name was appropriate because it typified "the fighting spirit of our crimson and gray athletes and it is suggestive of the aerial attack which has made our football team famous." Ironically, football was discontinued at Saint Joseph's following the 1939 season.
But it has been the connection with the storied tradition of the Saint Joseph's men's and women's basketball programs that has given The Hawk mascot its prominence on the national level, making it one of the most recognized mascots in college athletics.
The role of mascot is annually awarded to a student, who is given a full scholarship for serving as the Hawk. He or she travels with the basketball team to all of its away games.
Hawk Selection.
Hawk selection has become an annual application and interview process in which a current student is selected to represent the school. Since 1992, the student awarded the role of mascot has been recipient of an endowed scholarship and is considered a full member of the basketball team.
<br style="clear:both;">

</doc>
<doc id="9793466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793466" title="Drift seed">
Drift seed

__NOTOC__
Drift seeds (also sea beans) and drift fruits are seeds and fruits adapted for long distance dispersal by water. Most are produced by tropical trees, and they can be found on distant beaches after drifting thousands of miles through ocean currents. Consequently, drift seeds and fruits are of interest to scientists who study these currents.
In botanical terminology, a drift fruit is a kind of diaspore, and drift seeds and fruits are disseminules. 
Research.
Enthusiasts founded an annual convention in 1996, the International Sea-bean Symposium, dedicated to the display, study, and dissemination of information concerning drift seeds and other flotsam.

</doc>
<doc id="9793475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793475" title="Michael Specter">
Michael Specter

Michael Specter (born 1955) is an American journalist who has been a staff writer, focusing on science and technology, and global public health at "The New Yorker" since September 1998. He has also written for "The Washington Post" and "The New York Times".
Career.
Specter initially covered local news at "The Washington Post" in 1985, then became a national science reporter for the "Post" and finally New York City bureau chief. In 1991, Specter transferred to the "Times", where from 1994 to 1998 he was based in Moscow. In 1995, he was appointed co-chief of the "Times" Moscow bureau, and while in Russia he covered the war in Chechnya, the 1996 Russian presidential elections, and the declining state of Russian health care among other stories. In 1998, he became a roving correspondent based in Rome covering topics as varied as Europe's demographic crisis, Michelangelo's Florentine Pietà and the spread of AIDS in Africa.
His 2009 book, " (ISBN 978-1594202308)," explores the ways in which people in the United States and Europe have increasingly rejected scientific truths, backed by impressive data, instead embracing what often seem to be more comfortable fictions – about issues such as the value of organic food, vaccine safety, and personal genomics. He recently delivered a talk titled "The danger of science denial" at TED 2010.
At "The New Yorker", he has written about the global AIDS epidemic, avian influenza, malaria, scientific efforts to resurrect extinct viruses, synthetic biology, genetically modified food, efforts to mine the human genome to fight disease, and the world’s diminishing freshwater resources. He has also written profiles of many people, including Lance Armstrong, Richard Branson, the ethicist Peter Singer, P. Diddy, Manolo Blahnik, AIDS activist Larry Kramer, and Ingrid Newkirk, the highly controversial founder of PETA.
Awards.
In 1996, Specter was awarded the Overseas Press Club Citation for Excellence for his coverage of the War in Chechnya. In 2002, he won the A.A.A.S. Science Journalism Award. He has also twice received the Global Health Council's Annual Excellence in Media Award- for his piece about AIDS in India, “India's Plague” (12/17/01) and for one about AIDS and the population crisis in Russia, “The Devastation,“.
In 2009, Specter received the Robert P. Balles Annual Prize in Critical Thinking for his book Denialism. The yearly award is given by the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry to the author of the published work that best exemplifies healthy skepticism, logical analysis, or empirical science.
Personal.
Specter is a son of Howard and Eileen Specter. He was previously married to Alessandra Stanley, now a television critic for "The New York Times". They have one daughter, Emma.
Specter is a 1977 graduate of Vassar College.

</doc>
<doc id="9793490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793490" title="Hannes Coetzee">
Hannes Coetzee

Hannes Coetzee (born 1944) is a guitarist from the Karoo region in South Africa. Born in 1944, he is mainly known for his unique playing technique using a spoon in his mouth to play slide guitar. This playing technique is called 'optel and knyp'.
Coetzee reached a broader audience when David Kramer's documentary "Karoo Kitaar Blues" was released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9793542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793542" title="Tommyknockers (root beer)">
Tommyknockers (root beer)

Tommyknockers is a brewery located in Idaho Springs, Colorado. Tommyknockers is best known for their beer and flavored root beer, made with distinctive ingredients such as mountain cherry, mountain maple and valerian root. Tommyknockers distributes their products across the United States and Canada.
History.
Tommyknocker Brewing was established 1859, and has since continuously produced a variety of soft drinks including sodas (root beer), bottled water, and beers. Today, their two highest-selling products are their beers and root beer.
During the Colorado gold rush of 1859, Idaho Springs became a popular location for mining, and the Tommyknocker Brewing Company was established to meet the needs of the large number of prospectors. The town today is home to 1,800 people, with the brewery conducting business nation-wide.
Availability.
Tommyknockers products are sold in select stores in the United States and Canada, as well as online from the company website.
Old Tommyknocker.
The company name comes from the tommyknocker, a mythical elf-like creature who was said to live in the cracks of mines. Some of miners said that they could hear the tommyknockers singing and working deep in the dark mine shafts and cracks within the walls. Two legends of the tommyknocker were brought to the United States by immigrants from Cornwall, England. One kind was mischievous, who dumped out the miners' lunches, blew out their candles, and hid their picks and axes on them. The other kind were friendly and were said to knock on the walls of the mines to show where the richest deposits of gold were.
Achievements.
Tommyknockers root beer has a distinct flavor in comparison to other root beers, attributable to the unique ingredients used in its creation, including mountain cherry, mountain maple, valerian root, fenugreek, St. John's wort, melissa, birch, licorice root, hops extract, malt extract, and maple syrup.
Tommyknockers have won numerous awards in their beer, and their root beer has also won various prizes from around the nation in contests, and beverage studies.
The Showdown.
On March 18, 2001, six researchers tested, tasted, and compared seven different types of root beer that were produced all throughout the nation, such as IBC Root Beer, Barq's and Tommyknockers. Tommyknockers was judged to have an average taste, however, they graded the root beer 2.67 points in the first round. The other root beers in the showoff were rated: Faygo (3.24), Pirate's Keg (2.93), Stewart's (2.90), Dad's (2.74), Big Shooter / Dog-n-Suds / Virgil's (2.67), and Route 66 (2.17), and Natural Brew (2.10). With a score of 2.67, Tommyknockers finished in fourth place out of eight. [http://www.delicioussparklingtemperancedrinks.net/rbeer/index.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9793561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793561" title="A Slipping-Down Life">
A Slipping-Down Life

A Slipping-Down Life is a 1999 romantic drama film directed by Toni Kalem. Based on a novel by Anne Tyler, it stars Lili Taylor and Guy Pearce.
Plot.
Shy loner Evie (Taylor) hears musician Drumstrings Casey (Pearce) on the radio one night and becomes infatuated with him. She pursues him, carving his name (sadly, backwards) in her forehead with broken glass, and eventually they meet and then marry. They both still struggle to make something of their lives.
Distribution.
"A Slipping-Down Life" premiered on January 22, 1999 at the Sundance Film Festival, distributed by Lions Gate Entertainment. It was given limited theatrical release in the United States on May 14, 2004.
Awards.
The film was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the 1999 Sundance Festival. In 2004 it won the Special Jury Prize at the Indianapolis International Film Festival and Lili Taylor won the Achievement Award at the Newport Beach Film Festival. In that year it was also nominated for a Golden Trailer Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9793606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793606" title="Exit Elvis">
Exit Elvis

Exit Elvis (the flaws of non contradiction) is the first, and currently only, album by Tribe Of Judah. It was the first full length album by Gary Cherone after leaving Van Halen.
The sound of the album is described as a mix between hard rock, industrial and electronica with a major use of keyboards and synthesizers. The album also features former Extreme members Pat Badger (bass) and Mike Mangini (drums). At least one track, "Left For Dead", was written by Cherone while in Van Halen, to be used in VH's next album with him (which never happened due to Cherone's departure). 

</doc>
<doc id="9793610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793610" title="HAtom">
HAtom

hAtom is a draft Microformat for marking up (X)HTML, using classes and "rel" attributes, content on web pages that contain blog entries or similar chronological content. These can then be parsed as feeds in Atom, a web syndication standard.
hAtom is available as version 0.1, released 28 February 2006, and is used widely throughout the Web.
Web Slices.
hAtom is also used as the basis for individually subscribable parts of web pages, called Web Slices, which are understood by Internet Explorer 8 and can be understood by Firefox, using third-party add-ons.
The annotations indicated via the hAtom tags added to mark-up determine the portions of content obtained via the Web Slice filter.

</doc>
<doc id="9793611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793611" title="Green Mountain High School">
Green Mountain High School

Green Mountain High School is a high school in the western part of the city of Lakewood in Jefferson County, Colorado. It is administered by Jefferson County Public Schools. The student body numbers approximately 1600. Over 80% of Green Mountain students, according to survey, intend to attend college.
Academics.
Green Mountain High School offers all core curriculum mandated by district policy and state law, as well as offering four-level courses in Spanish, and German, with Advanced Placement courses offered for both, which equate to college credit pending the results of a College Board examination upon completion. Advanced Placement courses are also offered in English, American History, European History, World History, Economics, Chemistry, and Calculus, as well as various accelerated and Honors courses. GMHS also offers summer classes.
Visual and performing arts.
Green Mountain High School offers visual arts, with courses in Drawing and Painting, Ceramics, Photography and Graphic Arts, and performing arts. Green Mountain instructor Barbara Amberg, recipient of multiple high school theater educator awards, offers courses in acting as well as musical and non-musical stage productions. Five student choral ensembles perform regularly for class credit, including a large concert choir and two chamber ensembles: SATB Shadows of the Mountain and SSAA Images. Both chamber choirs represent the school regularly at music competitions for classical style, such as the University of Colorado Madrigal Festival, as well as jazz, such as the UNC/Greeley Jazz Festival.
Instrumental music is offered at Green Mountain through eight ensembles, including two concert bands, two string orchestras a percussion ensemble, two jazz bands (Spectrum I and II), and the Green Mountain High School Marching Rams competitive marching band, which regularly represents the school at the Colorado Bandmasters Association state championships as finalists for more than twenty consecutive years. The concert bands often attend contests such as the Columbine High School Band Festival. Spectrum I was invited in 2006 to attend and perform at the meeting of the . The string orchestras are directed by instructor Carla Hawley and perform at concerts together, as well as in conjunction with the concert bands.
History.
Green Mountain High School graduated its first class of students in 1975.
The Second Wind Fund, a suicide prevention program, was founded in response to the suicide cluster involving four Green Mountain High School students.

</doc>
<doc id="9793651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793651" title="Infection and Immunity">
Infection and Immunity

Infection and Immunity is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the American Society for Microbiology. It focuses on interactions between bacterial, fungal, or parasitic pathogens and their hosts. Areas covered include molecular pathogenesis, cellular microbiology, bacterial infection, host responses and inflammation, fungal and parasitic infections, microbial immunity and vaccines, and molecular genomics. The journal publishes primary research articles, editorials, commentaries, minireviews, and a spotlight report highlighting articles of particular interest selected by the editors. Articles are freely accessible after 6 months (delayed open access). Through its "Global Outreach Program", free online access is available to qualified microbiologists in eligible developing countries.
History.
The journal was established in 1970. Prior to that time, original research articles covering topics in infection and immunity were published in a section of the "Journal of Bacteriology". As the size of this section grew, the need for a separate journal publishing peer-reviewed research in this area became apparent. The first editor-in-chief was Erwin Neter (SUNY Buffalo).
Editors-in-chief.
The following persons have been editor-in-chief of "Infection and Immunity":
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 4.098, ranking it 11th out of 58 journals in the category "Infectious Diseases" and 33rd out of 134 journals in the category "Immunology".

</doc>
<doc id="9793666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793666" title="Baishnabghata Patuli Township">
Baishnabghata Patuli Township

Baishnabghata Patuli is a township located in the southern part of east Kolkata in West Bengal, India. It constitutes a major portion of Garia. Baishnaghata Patuli Township is a World Bank–funded project on the eastern fringes of EM Bypass, currently one of the most promising parts of south Kolkata. It is blessed with a fire station, police station, bus stand, bank ATMs, Kavi Subhas Metro Station, Shahid Khudiram metro station, and many world class hospitals nearby like Apex and Peerless, as well as entertainment areas like Metropolis Mall and Inox Cinemas. It also has two local train stations, Baghajatin Station and New Garia Station.It may be called the cleanest part of the city blessed with wide roads and good connectivity via train,metro & bus routes.It is also blessed with lots of greenery and lakes that diversifies the beauty of the area keeping in background the well planned housing complexes that is predominant in this part of the city.
Restaurants.
There are many multi-cuisine restaurants in BP Township like Palki & Nesha's Kitchen near the No. 45 bus-stand, Sholo-Ana Bangali Restaurant near the fire brigade, Macchranga beside Patuli Police Station, Food Court, and Illusion in Metropolis Mall. 
Recreation and amusement.
A serene park is situated called Benubanachaya, which has several recreational activities like Tram Restaurant, boating, angling, or simply gossiping with friends or family amidst the two lakes surrounding it.

</doc>
<doc id="9793671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793671" title="Maryina roshcha District">
Maryina roshcha District

Maryina roshcha (, lit. "Mary's grove") is a district of North-Eastern Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia. Population: 
The historical area of Maryina Roshcha, which emerged in the mid-19th century on the site of Sheremetev family lands, retained its low-rise, country style until the 1960s.
History.
The village of Maryino (), also known as Boyarkino (), appears in official registers since 1678, when it had a population of 102 people in 22 households. Maryino and the adjacent Ostankino village and a park were owned by the Cherkassky family. In the middle of the 18th century, the last Princess Cherkassky married Count P. B. Sheremetev, and the land passed into Sheremetev family possession. (The main north-south street of the area, Sheremetevskaya, is still named after these past landlords.) At around this time, a grove near the village of Maryino was called Maryina Roshcha, a name that "has stuck to this day, even though the grove was completely cut down in the late 19th century."
After the Great Fire of 1812, the groves between Moscow and Maryino were felled for timber, but quickly recovered and became a popular picnic destination. The name Maryina Roshcha became a toponym independent of the old Maryino village. Vasily Zhukovsky wrote a romantic story of the same name; his version of the etymology of the name Maryina Roshcha is pure fiction, as is the legend linking Maryina Roshcha to a female highway robber called Marya.
Between 1851 and 1882, railroad construction isolated Maryina Roshcha from Moscow (south) and Ostankino (north). In the 1880s, a French real estate developer signed a long-term lease with the Sheremetev family, cleared the trees, and leveled the area for cheap low-rise construction, creating the rectangular grid of streets and alleys that still exists today. However, they did not bother to set up water supply or a sewage system. The proximity of railroads quickly attracted industrialists like Gustav List, who built factories on the edges of Maryina Roshcha. Wooden houses were occupied by workers of these factories, including an ethnic minority of Mordvin laborers, who settled in the area in 1901. The existing orthodox church of Unexpected Joy (photographs) was built by public subscription in 1899-1904 and operated continuously through the Soviet years.
Mariyna Roshcha, located outside the Moscow city limits, was inadequately policed by the country administration. This attracted shady persons, and the area was considered a criminal ghetto, especially after World War I and Russian Civil War, when law-abiding men where drafted and perished in the army, and the Bolshevik administration expropriated all livestock from the residents. The area remained unsafe until the 1960s. The post-World War II Maryina Roshcha underworld was featured in "The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed" mini-series.
Joseph Stalin's master plan of 1935 proposed building a north-south highway through Maryina Roshcha, which would lead to demolition of the 19th-century housing. This plan did not materialize, and wooden Maryina Roshcha was demolished gradually only in the 1960s. The remainder was cleared in the late 1970s in preparation for the 1980 Summer Olympics. The last remaining tram lines were closed in 2002 (see 2002 photographs [http://tram.rusign.com/ul_dvincev_2_e.htm), when the district's southern boundary was converted into the Third Ring highway.
Public transportation access.
Moscow Metro had expanded the Lyublinskaya Line to Maryina roshcha station on June 19, 2010. Also the district is accessible via Savyolovskaya, Rizhskaya (south), and Alexeyevskaya (north) stations.
The Savyolovsky railway station of the Moscow Railway is in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="9793674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793674" title="One More Road">
One More Road

One More Road is an album by Pentangle. It was released in the UK on the Permanent label, PERM CD 11 in 1993. In Germany it was released in 1993 on SPV Records, SPV M29235. The notable change is that Peter Kirtley (b 1945) replaces Rod Clements.
It was reissued along with "Live 1994" on CD in 2007.
Personnel.
Mike Piggott - violin

</doc>
<doc id="9793680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793680" title="Ilia Tkachenko">
Ilia Tkachenko

Ilia Alexeyevich Tkachenko (, born 26 December 1986) is a Russian ice dancer. With former partner Ekaterina Riazanova, he is the 2010 Trophée Eric Bompard silver medalist, the 2012 Skate Canada bronze medalist, and a three-time Russian national medalist. 
Career.
Early career.
Tkachenko began skating at the age of four in Perm. Initially, he was a single skater, training in Andrei Kislukhin's group, but when it dissolved he took up ice dancing. He moved with his grandmother to Moscow at age 13.
Tkachenko competed with Anastasia Gorshkova from 2002 to 2006, coached by her father, Alexei Gorshkov. They won the bronze medal at the 2005 World Junior Championships and four medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series — two gold, one silver, one bronze. They finished 7th at the 2006 World Junior Championships. Gorshkova retired from competition in July 2006 due to a hip injury.
Around late August 2006, Tkachenko began training with Maria Monko in Odintsovo under Gorshkov. They won the silver medal at the 2007 Russian Junior Championships and placed fifth at the 2007 World Junior Championships. 
In the 2007–08 season, Monko/Tkachenko won a pair of medals on the Junior Grand Prix series and qualified for the JGP Final where they took gold. They finished fourth at the 2008 World Junior Championships after Monko fell on twizzles in both the original and free dance. 
For the 2008–09 season, Monko/Tkachenko received two senior Grand Prix assignments, 2008 Skate America and 2008 Trophée Eric Bompard, and prepared new programs. They withdrew, however, from both events. After their partnership ended, Tkachenko briefly skated with Isabella Tobias in 2008. Tobias and Tkachenko did not compete together.
Partnership with Riazanova.
In spring 2009, Tkachenko expressed interest in skating with Ekaterina Riazanova. After a tryout, they both felt it would be a good partnership, despite her needing time to adapt to his different technique and some disapproval from the Russian skating federation. They were coached by Gorshkov at Odintsovo FSC, near Moscow.
Riazanova/Tkachenko began competing together during the 2009–10 season. They finished fourth at the 2009 Nebelhorn Trophy, sixth at their sole Grand Prix event, the 2009 Cup of Russia, and fourth at the Russian Nationals.
Riazanova/Tkachenko decided to scrap the free dance they had planned for the 2010–11 season and prepare a new one. They placed fifth at their first Grand Prix event of the season, the 2010 Skate America, and then won silver at the 2010 Trophée Eric Bompard. At the 2011 Russian Nationals, they won the silver medal and their first berth to the European Championships. At the 2011 Europeans, Riazanova/Tkachenko placed fifth in the short dance, sixth in the free dance, and sixth overall. Russia had only two spots to the World Championships and since both Bobrova/Soloviev and Ilinykh/Katsalapov had placed ahead of them at Europeans, they did not make the team, however, they continued training as first alternates and also worked on new programs until the end of May; after vacation, they resumed training for the new season on June 20, including a three-week camp in Bulgaria. 
For the 2011–12 season, Riazanova/Tkachenko were assigned to 2011 Skate Canada and 2011 Cup of Russia as their Grand Prix events. On their free dance, which was choreographed by Sergei Petukhov, Riazanova said, "A young woman remembers her beloved, who is no longer alive. She is so deeply immersed in the memories of happy times that her dreams seem to become reality for a short while." They had to withdraw from 2011 Nebelhorn Trophy because Tkachenko's new passport was not ready. On December 13, 2011, Riazanova sustained a concussion and a broken nose when Tkachenko accidentally elbowed her in practice; she was released from hospital at her own risk on December 20. At the Russian Championships which began on December 25, Riazanova/Tkachenko won the bronze medal after placing third in the short dance and fourth in the free dance. They finished 5th overall at the 2012 European Championships but received a small bronze medal for their 3rd place in the short dance. They finished 9th at the 2012 World Championships. 
In April 2012, Tkachenko said they would spend some time preparing for the following season in Marina Zueva and Igor Shpilband's group in the U.S., however, the coaches parted ways so the skaters decided to train with Shpilband in Novi, Michigan. At a camp in Bulgaria, Tkachenko lost his balance while practicing a lift on the floor in skates and stepped on Riazanova's hand; she had surgery on her hand and recovered well. At the suggestion of Tatiana Tarasova, they decided to scrap a new free dance to Pink Floyd's Hey You and made a new one to a waltz from the Godfather films. Riazanova/Tkachenko won bronze medals at the 2012 Skate Canada and 2012 Trophée Eric Bompard. They repeated as bronze medalists at the 2013 Russian Championships.
In the 2013–14 season, Riazanova/Tkachenko finished fourth in their two Grand Prix events, the 2013 Skate Canada and the 2013 Rostelecom Cup. They then finished fourth at the 2014 Russian Championships behind Victoria Sinitsina / Ruslan Zhiganshin. In April 2014, Tkachenko left the partnership.
Personal life.
Tkachenko studied municipal administration. He has a younger brother. He married a woman from Perm on 15 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9793692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793692" title="Oare, Wiltshire">
Oare, Wiltshire

Oare is a small village near Marlborough and Pewsey in the County of Wiltshire, England.
The A345 road runs through the village.
Geography.
The village is within the parish of Wilcot and Huish with Oare and lies within the Devizes Parliamentary Constituency.
The area is popular with walkers and the Mid Wilts Way Long Distance Walking Route passes through the village. The Giant's Grave at the eastern edge of the village offers views over the village and Pewsey Vale. 
Buildings.
At the northern edge of the village is Rainscombe Park, located in the valley between Oare Hill and Martinsell Hill: the annual location for the Wiltshire Steam and Vintage Rally, traditionally held in June or July.
Oare House on the Western edge of the village opens its gardens twice annually through the National Gardens Scheme. The house, built in c.1740, was largely remodelled in the early 1920s by Portmeirion architect Clough Williams-Ellis. It has a summer house designed by I. M. Pei, architect of the Louvre Pyramid.
Culture.
The village is also home to the New-Orleans-style ten-piece jazz band, Kennet Vale Brass.

</doc>
<doc id="9793716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793716" title="Fourth Nigerian Republic">
Fourth Nigerian Republic

The Fourth Republic is the republican government of Nigeria. Since 1999 it has governed the country according to the fourth republican constitution. It was in many ways a revival of the Second Republic, which was in place between 1979 and 1983 and suffers many of the same problems, such as multiple ministries which made policy planning difficult. Nigeria adopted the constitution of the Fourth Republic on May 29, 1999.
Founding (1999).
Following the death of military dictator and "de facto" ruler of Nigeria, General Sani Abacha in 1998, his successor General Abdusalami Abubakar initiated the transition which heralded Nigeria's return to democratic rule in 1999. The ban on political activities was lifted, and political prisoners were released from detention facilities. The constitution was styled after the ill fated Second Republic — which saw the Westminster system of government jettisoned for an American Presidential system. Political parties were formed (People's Democratic Party (PDP), All Nigeria Peoples Party (ANPP), and Alliance for Democracy (AD)), and elections were set for April 1999. In the widely monitored 1999 election, former military ruler Olusegun Obasanjo was elected on the PDP platform. On 29 May 1999, Obasanjo was sworn in as President and Commander-in-Chief of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
In the controversial general election on 21 April 2007, Umaru Yar'Adua of the PDP was elected President.
Following the death of Umaru Yar'Adua on 5 May 2010, Goodluck Jonathan became the third president(Interim) and later won the election the following year which was largely accredited as freer and fairer than all the previous elections of the 4th Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="9793721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793721" title="Isaac Royall, Jr.">
Isaac Royall, Jr.

Isaac Royall, Jr. (1719–1781) was a colonial American slaveholder who played an important role in the creation of Harvard Law School.
Life.
He was the son of Isaac Royall, an Antiguan slaveholder who moved his family to Medford, Massachusetts in the early 18th century. He took over his father's estate, "Ten Hills Farm," which is now the Isaac Royall House, a museum containing the only slave quarters in the northeast United States. During the Revolution, Royall, who had patriot sympathies but significant Loyalist connections, was named in the Massachusetts Banishment Act of 1778 and fled to Nova Scotia and subsequently to England, where he died of smallpox in 1781.
There is a portrait of Royall by John Singleton Copley and another of his wife, Elizabeth. Robert Feke also painted a family group which includes him, his wife and his daughter. This daughter Harriet married into the Pepperell family and their daughter married a Palmer baronet in Wanlip in Leicestershire.
In his will of 1779, Royall left land to Harvard College to establish the first professorship in law at the school. This bequest resulted in the founding of Harvard Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="9793729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793729" title="The Emperor's Candlesticks">
The Emperor's Candlesticks

"The Emperor's Candlesticks" is a historical novel by Baroness Orczy. Written soon after the birth of her son John, it is her first book as an author rather than translator and was a commercial failure. As in the Scarlet Pimpernel, the theme is international intrigue, but this time the setting is pre-World War One Europe and Russia rather than Revolutionary France.
Plot introduction.
When a group of Russian anarchists kidnap a Russian prince in Vienna there are repercussions. On learning that the Cardinal d'Orsay has agreed to convey some hollow candlesticks from the Emperor to the Princess Marionoff in St Petersburg, two spies both see the possibility of using them to convey messages safely into Russia.
One is an eager young idealist involved in the plot against the prince, the other is Madame Demidoff, a beautiful agent of the Tsar.
When the candlesticks go missing at the border, the two engage in a race to get them back, both realizing that their very lives could depend on the retrieval.
Adaptations.
Two film adaptations were made:

</doc>
<doc id="9793738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793738" title="Anastasia Gorshkova">
Anastasia Gorshkova

Anastasia Alexeyevna Gorshkova (born 13 March 1987) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. She competed with Ilia Tkachenko from 2002 to 2006, coached by her father, Alexei Gorshkov. They won the bronze medal at the 2005 World Junior Championships and four medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series — two gold, one silver, one bronze. Gorshkova retired from competition in July 2006 due to a hip injury. 

</doc>
<doc id="9793749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793749" title="Common pandora">
Common pandora

Pagellus erythrinus, or the common pandora, is a fish of the Sparidae family (sea bream). It is a popular food fish in Mediterranean countries, with delicate white flesh. 
It has a slim, oval fusiform body, with a smallish mouth and scales covering its face. The eyes are smaller than those of Pagellus bogaraveo and Pagellus acarne. It is silver in colour with a pink tinge, particularly on its back. A typical specimen measures 10-30cm, but it can reach as much as 50cm in length.
The common pandora is a hermaphrodite, spending the first two years of its life as a female, and the third year as a male. It is omnivorous, but mainly feeds on smaller fish and benthic invertebrates.
Distribution.
The Atlantic Ocean, from Scandinavia to Cape Verde. Also the Mediterranean and the North Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="9793755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793755" title="Club (cigarette)">
Club (cigarette)

Club (or Kensitas Club as it was once known), is a brand of cigarette distributed by Gallaher tobacco and available only in the United Kingdom. Club comes in a distinct blue packaging with club written on it and a lion's head on the packet. Each cigarette contains 10mg of carbon monoxide, 10mg of tar and 0.8mg of nicotine. Unlike other brands, Club is only available in a King size variety with no lighter or menthol substitutes. Although lights were available at one time, they have since been discontinued. The brand built its popularity using gift coupons enclosed within cigarette packets which could be saved and redeemed at Kensitas Gift Centres in major UK cities.
A pack of 10 will usually cost around £3.25 while a 20 pack costs around £6.10.

</doc>
<doc id="9793758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793758" title="Operation Homecoming">
Operation Homecoming

Operation Homecoming was a series of diplomatic negotiations that in January 1973 made possible the return of 591 American prisoners of war held by North Vietnam. On Feb. 12, 1973, three C-141 transports flew to Hanoi, North Vietnam, and one C-9A aircraft was sent to Saigon, South Vietnam to pick up released prisoners of war. The first flight of 40 U.S. prisoners of war left Hanoi in a C-141A, later known as the "Hanoi Taxi" and now in a museum. From February 12 to April 4, there were 54 C-141 missions flying out of Hanoi, bringing the former POWs home.
Each plane brought back 40 POWs. During the early part of Operation Homecoming, groups of POWs released were selected on the basis of longest length of time in prison. The first group had spent 6-8 years as prisoners of war.
After Operation Homecoming, the U.S. still listed about 1,350 Americans as prisoners of war or missing in action and sought the return of roughly 1,200 Americans reported killed in action and body not recovered. These missing personnel would become the subject of the Vietnam War POW/MIA issue.
The Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines each had liaison officers dedicated to prepare for the return of American POWs well in advance of their actual return. These liaison officers worked behind the scenes traveling around the United States assuring the returnees well being. They also were responsible for debriefing POWs to discern relevant intelligence about MIAs and to discern the existence of war crimes committed against them.
Operation Homecoming was also the 82nd Airborne Parade 5th Ave., NYC, 1/12/1946 (January 12, 1946). [https://archive.org/details/ADC-9948] witnessed by some 4 million people. 

</doc>
<doc id="9793767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793767" title="Eileen Duffy">
Eileen Duffy

Eileen Duffy-O'Mahoney was an Irish sportsperson who played senior camogie with Dublin from 1949 until 1957.
Background.
Eileen Duffy was born in Dublin. She showed great skill at the game of camogie in her youth and quickly joined her local Celtic camogie club. It was with this club that Duffy first tasted success, and she later won five Dublin county camogie titles. She quickly came to the attention of the Dublin senior camogie selectors and made her senior inter-county debut in 1949.
Career.
It was a golden era for Dublin camogie, and Duffy won seven All-Ireland medals in-a-row, beginning in her debut year. Her skills were particularly noted in 1951 as she was named as Sports Star of the Year, an honour she won again in 1957. Three years later in 1954 Duffy was the Leinster goalkeeper when the first inter-provincial game was played in Navan to mark the Golden Jubilee of Cumann Camogaíochta na nGael in 1954. In 1956 Antrim brought an end to Dublin's camogie dominance, however, "the Dubs" returned in 1957 with Duffy as captain. It was another successful year as she captured her eighth and final All-Ireland medal.
Citation.
In 2004 Duffy was honoured by being named as the goalkeeper of the Camogie Team of the Century. Her citation read: "quick to react between the posts, sure and confident, she had a great understanding with her backs, her lengthy clearance and long puck out were other features of her game."
Family.
She retired from camogie after she got married because "it was not considered lady-like"; to continue playing. Her daughters Niamh, Sheila and Gráinne played for Celtic and Gráinne played for Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="9793803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793803" title="Takeshi Honda (animator)">
Takeshi Honda (animator)

Honda dropped out of Tokyo Design Academy and joined the original Gainax team. At Gainax, Honda debuted in drawing supervision at age 22. His debut as character designer was on the series "Metal Fighter Miku", and he continued animating, supervising and designing characters on several other noted series and video games. Honda has also done some prop design.

</doc>
<doc id="9793809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793809" title="Love Police">
Love Police

Love Police is an Australian Merchandise, Design and Touring Company based in Sydney, New South Wales. Created by Brian "BT" Taranto in the late 90's, the company produces merchandise, graphic design, concert and tour promoting and publishes books. Love Police, created in 1997, found a home amongst the indie rock band of the day You Am I and began a partnership with the Big Day Out to handle all their merchandise operations and event artwork. Both relationships continue to this day. Over the years, Love Police has become the leading supplier of merchandise for the local industry (The Living End, Jimmy Barnes, Grinspoon), noted festival merchandisers (Big Day Out, Splendour in the Grass, Groovin the Moo) and a designer of merchandise, event management and album cover design. In 2011 the Love Police band merchandise company merged with Australian Tour Merchandise (owned by Michael Gudinski's Mushroom Group) becoming Love Police ATM Pty Ltd, the biggest merchandise company in Australia. They now have offices in both Melbourne and Sydney.
Love Police Touring.
Love Police Touring is a part of the Love Police brand, touring and promoting bands throughout Australia and New Zealand. Love Police started promoting tours in 1997 the initial tour being Tony Joe White "The Swamp Fox", plucking him from obscurity to do the biggest ever tour of his career, and have promoted him 8 times since making Australia and New Zealand his biggest territory on the planet. In 2003 BT saw this duo called The Black Keys at SXSW, fell in love, and have toured them 6 times since and have taken them from small bars to arenas. Bassist from Australian band You Am I, Andy Kent, joined the team in early 2005. Love Police Touring past tours include Justin Townes Earle, Wilco, Dr Dog, Dan Auerbach, Jamie T, Warpaint, Yuck, John Cale, Camille, Old Crow Medicine Show, The Decemberists, Those Darlins, My Morning Jacket, JEFF The Brotherhood, Deer Tick, Two Gallants, Lil' Band O' Gold, The Greenhornes, Gary Clark Jr, The Felice Brothers, Cosmo Jarvis, Hanni El Khatib, M. Ward and Hypnotic Brass Ensemble.
Love Police Books.
Love Police Books is a publishing company producing Rockin' Alphabet Series written and illustrated by Paul McNeil and Barry Divola. The series of books is made up of the illustrated children's alphabet books M Is For Metal!, Never Mind Your P's & Q's, Heres The Punk Alphabet, and A,B.C &W, The Country Alphabet. In December 2013, master punk chef and bass player of the legendary Sunnyboys, Peter Oxley released the Teenage Kitchen Rampage. A learn to cook book for the good, the great and the obvious recipes for anyone who aspires to survive requires.
Love Police Records.
See Love Police Records

</doc>
<doc id="9793832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793832" title="Edward Mazria">
Edward Mazria

Edward Mazria is an architect, author and educator. After receiving his Bachelor of Architecture Degree from the Pratt Institute in 1963 he spent two years as an architect in the Peace Corps in Arequipa, Perú. He later worked with the firm of Edward Larabee Barnes in New York before completing his Master’s Degree and beginning a teaching and research career at the University of New Mexico in 1973. 
His architecture and renewable energy research at both UNM and the University of Oregon established his leadership in the field of resource conservation and passive heating, cooling and daylighting design. His design methodology, developed at that time and presented in The Passive Solar Energy Book, is currently in use worldwide. 
Since forming the architecture and planning firm Mazria Associates, Inc. in 1978, he has completed award winning architecture and planning projects from the day-lit Mt. Airy Public Library in North Carolina to the Rio Grande Botanic Garden Conservatory in New Mexico.
Published work.
His published material includes technical papers, articles for professional magazines, and a number of published works including the following:
His building designs have been published in Architecture, Progressive Architecture, Metropolis, Architectural Record, Landscape Architecture, Architectural Digest, Process, Kenchiku Bunka, Public Garden, Solar Today, ArchitectureWeek, Texas Architect, The Wall Street Journal and the New York Times.
Awards and honors.
Mazria has lectured throughout the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America, and has taught architecture at the University of New Mexico, University of Oregon, University of Colorado-Denver and UCLA. He is the recipient of:
Recent work.
Most recently Mazria has reshaped the national and international dialogue on global warming to incorporate building design and the “Building Sector”. His research includes U.S. and global building sector analysis and greenhouse gas mitigation strategies. 
He is the architect of both the AIA’s position statement and the U.S. Conference of Mayor’s Resolution #50 adopting the “2030 Challenge” as a means of dramatically reducing building sector greenhouse gas emissions. His article, Blueprint for Disaster, outlines his strategy for addressing what he believes is today’s most pressing global challenge, climate change.
He is the founder of Architecture 2030, an organization committed to protecting our global environment by using innovation and common sense to develop and quickly implement bold solutions to global warming. He currently speaks nationally and internationally on the subject of climate change and architecture and serves as a senior analyst for the Southwest Climate Council. 
He is also senior principal with the architecture and planning firm of Mazria Inc. in Santa Fe, NM.

</doc>
<doc id="9793838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793838" title="Ollie Cline">
Ollie Cline

Oliver Monroe "Ollie" Cline (December 31, 1925 – May 12, 2001) was a college and professional American football fullback who played for the Ohio State Buckeyes, Cleveland Browns and Detroit Lions in the 1940s and 1950s. A standout high school athlete in his hometown of Fredericktown, Ohio, Cline attended Ohio State University starting in 1944. He became the football team's primary fullback that year as the school went unbeaten and was ranked second in the nation in the AP Poll. The following year, Cline was named the most valuable player in the Big Ten Conference, rushing for 936 yards as Ohio State built up a 7–2 record and was ranked 12th in the AP Poll. Following a brief stint in the U.S. Army at the end of World War II, Cline returned to Ohio State for a final season in 1947.
Cline began his professional career by signing with the Browns, a team in the All-America Football Conference (AAFC) coached by former Ohio State head coach Paul Brown. Cleveland won all of its games and the AAFC championship in 1948 while Cline served as a backup to fullback Marion Motley. Cleveland traded Cline to the Buffalo Bills, where he spent the 1949 season, and joined the Lions in 1950 when the AAFC folded. The Lions won the NFL Championship Game in 1952 and 1953, beating the Browns both times. Cline then retired from football and earned a master's degree in education. He later worked at a variety of school systems in Ohio and Arizona. Cline was inducted into the Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame and was named to the Ohio State Football All-Century Team in 2000. He died in 2001.
Early life and college career.
Cline grew up in Fredericktown, Ohio and attended the local Fredericktown High School, where he played on the football team as a back. In a 1942 game against Mount Gilead High School, he scored seven touchdowns and kicked two extra points, scoring 44 total points in a 79–6 victory.
After graduating from high school, Cline attended Ohio State University and played on the school's football team starting as a freshman in 1944. Although he was overshadowed by teammate Les Horvath, who won the Heisman Trophy that year, Cline was the team's starting fullback and ran for 221 yards on 65 carries, scoring 39 points. The Buckeyes won the Big Ten Conference championship with an undefeated 9-0 record and were ranked second in the country in the AP Poll.
The 1945 season was the most productive of Cline's college career. He led the Big Ten in rushing with 936 yards, at the time a school record, and scored nine touchdowns. Cline rushed for 229 yards in a November game against the University of Pittsburgh, setting an Ohio State single-game record that stood for 27 years until Archie Griffin broke it in 1972. The Buckeyes finished with a 7–2 record for third in the Big Ten and were ranked 12th in the AP Poll. Cline was awarded the Chicago Tribune Silver Football, given to the most valuable player in the Big Ten. He was named a second-team All-American by the Associated Press and a third-team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America.
Cline was accepted for military service before the 1945 season, but was not called up for duty until the following February. Cline, who had been passed over by the U.S. Army twice because of a punctured ear drum, was sent to Camp Atterbury, a training base in Indiana. When the war ended, Cline returned to Ohio State in 1947 and rushed for 332 yards and two touchdowns in eight games. The team finished the season with a 2–6–1 record.
Professional career.
Cline decided to begin his professional career in 1948 despite that he had a year of college eligibility remaining. The move upset some Ohio State supporters worried about the team's loss of talent, but Cline said he wanted to go pro because he was getting married and needed to start making money. He had been drafted by the National Football League's Chicago Bears, but signed instead with the Cleveland Browns of the All-America Football Conference (AAFC), a team coached by former Ohio State coach Paul Brown. "I plan to be married in June," Cline said at the time. "I feel I have a great opportunity with the Browns, and I've always wanted to play for Paul Brown. I feel that I have made the only logical decision." Although Brown's tenure as Ohio State coach predated Cline's career there, Brown said he had followed Cline with interest. "Ollie isn't big, as pro fullbacks go, but he can run – and I like 'em when they can run," Brown said.
In the Browns, Cline joined a team that had won the AAFC championships 1946 and 1947 behind an offensive attack that featured quarterback Otto Graham, fullback Marion Motley and ends Dante Lavelli and Mac Speedie. Serving as a backup to Motley, Cline ran for 129 yards in 1948, when Cleveland went undefeated and won the AAFC championship for the third time in a row.
Despite Cline's ties to Brown and Ohio State, Cleveland traded him to the Buffalo Bills after the season. He responded by turning in the best year of his professional career, running for 518 yards and three touchdowns. The Bills faced the Browns three times that year, tying twice and losing once in a playoff game. Buffalo finished with a 5–5–2 record and did not reach the league championship game.
The AAFC folded after the 1949 season, but three teams were merged into the NFL: the Browns, Baltimore Colts and San Francisco 49ers. With the folding of the Bills, Cline was placed in the 1950 AAFC Dispersal Draft and taken in the second round (No. 19 overall) by the New York Giants, but was traded by New York to the Detroit Lions for end Kelly Mote. Cline played for the Lions for four seasons. Led by quarterback Bobby Layne and halfback Doak Walker, the Lions won the NFL championship in 1952 and 1953, beating the Browns both times.
Later career and death.
After his playing career, Cline received a master's degree in education from Ohio's Wittenberg University in 1965. His educational career took him to posts at school systems in Springfield, Ohio, Sidney, Ohio, Mount Vernon, Ohio and Prescott, Arizona. By the early 1970s, he was principal of North Union High School in Richwood, Ohio. He also served as the dean of men at Urbana College in Urbana, Ohio. Cline was inducted into the Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame and named to the Ohio State Football All-Century Team in 2000. He died in 2001. His hometown of Fredericktown declared January 20, 2001 "Ollie Cline Day" in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9793862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793862" title="TH3">
TH3

TH3 is a clothing brand of Canadian company Euro Verve Company Limited that manufactures apparel and accessories. The company has headquarters in Toronto, Canada and Hong Kong.
Company profile.
Euro Verve Company Limited was founded in 1987 as a garment trading company and manufacturer with exports to the United States, Canada and the European Union. Euro Verve's main focus is on active wear and casual wear such as sweaters, knit shirts, T-shirts and yoga apparel. The company sells mainly to chains, retailers and importers, while the yoga apparel is sold directly to gyms and independent stores. Garments and accessories sold direct to retailers and consumers are marketed under the TH3 brand, and this includes a line of yoga apparel sold in Canada and through online shopping outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="9793867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793867" title="Get It Shawty">
Get It Shawty

"Get It Shawty" is a song by American R&B artist Lloyd. It was released in March 2007 as the second single from his second album, "Street Love" (2007). Lloyd stated that he wanted to try something different with the track, to have fun and show some of his dance moves. The track was produced by James "J. Lack" Lackey, the younger brother of R&B singer Usher. Lloyd overheard the beat when he was at Usher's manager's office, and liked it so much that he begged Usher to let him have it for a song. In addition to hip-hop remixes, Moto Blanco provided the official dance mix for the song. The single debuted on "Billboard"'s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart at number fifty-seven on the issue dated March 24, 2007, and it peaked at number four. The following week the single debuted on the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number seventy-six and it peaked at number sixteen. The song was featured in the in-game radio station The Vibe 98.8 in Grand Theft Auto IV.
Music video.
The music video premiered on BET's "Access Granted" on February 28, 2007. Three remixes have been released, one featuring Yung Joc, another featuring Joe Budden, and another featuring Lil Wayne, Big Boi, and Chamillionaire. 

</doc>
<doc id="9793876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793876" title="Natalia Shakhovskaya">
Natalia Shakhovskaya

Natalia Shakhovskaya (born September 27, 1935 in Moscow) is a Russian cellist. She studied cello at the Gnessin School of Music and later at the Moscow Conservatory under the tutorship of S. Kosolupov. She finished her education at that center with Mstislav Rostropovich.
Winner at the most important cello competitions in Russia and abroad – she won the First Prize and Gold Medal at the Tchaikovsky Competition – Natalia Shakhovskaya has pursued an active career as soloist in recitals and with the best orchestras and conductors worldwide.
She taught at the Moscow Conservatory (as Head of the Cello Chair and Director of Double Bass Department) from 1974 to 1995, after Rostropovich relinquished the post on his departure from Russia. 
More than forty of her students have won international competitions. Shakhovskaya gives master classes around the world and has been a jury member at international competitions. 
Currently she is principal teacher at the Escuela Superior de Música Reina Sofía (Queen Sofía College of Music) in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="9793899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793899" title="Ernest George">
Ernest George

Sir Ernest George RA (13 Jun 1839–1922) was an English architect, landscape and architectural watercolour painter, and etcher.
Life and work.
His London office was once called "The Eton of architects' offices". His pupils included Herbert Baker, Guy Dawber, John Bradshaw Gass, Edwin Lutyens and Ethel Charles.
In the 1870s in partnership with Harold Peto, George designed houses in London for the Cadogan Estate in Chelsea and Kensington, and a number of country houses. In 1881 they designed Stoodleigh Court at Tiverton for Thomas Carew. In 1891 they designed an extension to West Dean House for William James, creating the Oak Room, now Oak Hall in West Dean College.
Between 1870 and 1911 George designed several houses with his former pupil, Alfred B. Yeates.
In New Zealand, which he never visited, he designed the Theomin family house Olveston in Dunedin which was built 1904-07.
He was also responsible for the current Southwark Bridge (1921), and the Memorial to Heroic Self Sacrifice in London's Postman's Park.
He served as president of the Royal Institute of British Architects from 1908 to 1910.
In the late 19th century, George trained Ethel Charles, the first woman to be elected a member of the Royal Institute of British Architects.
George's residence at 17 Bartholomew St, London Borough of Southwark is commemorated with a Southwark Council blue plaque.
References.
N. Hostyn, Een album met Oostendse schetsen van Sir Ernest George. Een uitzonderlijk iconografisch document voor Oostende, [Kon. Oostendse Heem- en Geschiedkundige Kring De Plate, .

</doc>
<doc id="9793924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793924" title="Villa Sarmiento">
Villa Sarmiento

Villa Sarmiento is a locality of Morón in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is home to 17.737 people and has an area of 2.55 km².
History.
With the foundation of the Fomento Villa Progreso society on April 4, 1909, the locality boomed and was taken into account by municipal authorities.
In 1913, Ward School was founded, becoming a symbol of Villa Sarmiento for its impressive architecture and beautiful school grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="9793926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793926" title="Coryse Borg">
Coryse Borg

Coryse Borg is a Maltese actress, director and writer, resident in Żebbuġ, Malta. She appeared in a range of productions, both in the theatre and in the movies.
She appeared in "Gladiator" and "Revelation". She also has played various parts both in comedies and straight theatrical productions, including Shakespeare and musicals. In 2007 she starred in the Malta Arts Festival production of "A Midsummer Nights' Dream", produced by the Malta Council for Culture and the Arts.
She played "Sharon" in the TV series "Dejjem Tiegħek Becky". Other Maltese stage roles included: Sylvia in Life x 3, "As You Like It", "West Side Story" and "Jack and the Beanstalk". 
She has written for a number of other productions, including "Malta George Cross", a film on which Borg worked with the assistance of students at the San Andrea School, won Best Screenplay by the Jury of the Documentary and Fiction Festival of Hollywood in 2007.
Her directing credits include "Glorious", the story of Florence Foster Jenkins, an MADC production of "Audacity",

</doc>
<doc id="9793928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793928" title="Branch Township">
Branch Township

Branch Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="9793948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793948" title="Russian Legion (paintball team)">
Russian Legion (paintball team)

The Russian Legion is a professional paintball team based in Moscow, Russia that plays in the PSP PRO division (former National X-Ball League or NXL).
2005.
In 2005 the Russian Legion played all the NXL events in that year, placing 2nd, behind Baltimore Trauma. The score of the final game between Trauma and Legion was 8-9 in Trauma's favor. Russian Legion had the best win to loss record of any team that year in the NXL.
2006–2007.
In December 2004 they joined the NXL and were forced to change their team name because all teams must have an American city as their representative city. They chose Boston and became the Boston Red Legion. In the off season of 2005–2006, they picked up Polish-born players, brothers Bart and Matt Blonski, both former players of New York Xtreme. They also picked up Swedish-born Alexander Lundqvist, also formerly of New York Xtreme. After winning 3 events in the 2006 NXL season, including the World Cup, the Boston Red Legion’s final ranking for that year was 1st place.
During the 2006–2007 off season, they added 2 new players to their roster, David "The Beast" Bains (American) who helped them win World Cup the year before, and Hamen Chapman (American). In spite of adding two new players, all star, and original Russian Legion player Dan Maskell (England) left the team.
In the 2007 season, they placed 2nd in the Los Angeles Open, in a 9-8 loss to the Los Angeles Ironmen, in overtime. During the Mid-Atlantic Open they placed first by defeating Xfactor in the finals with a 9-4 victory.
Players Alex Lundqvist, Matt Blonski, and Bart Blonski formed a team called New Jersey Authority, to play in the NPPL series. These players play on both Red Legion, and NJ Authority.
2008.
Dates: March 13–16
Location: Glendale Youth Sports Complex at the University of Phoenix Stadium, Glendale, AZ
2008 Roster

</doc>
<doc id="9793958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793958" title="South Branch Township">
South Branch Township

South Branch Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9793994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9793994" title="Fat (novel)">
Fat (novel)

Fat (2006) is a comedy novel by Red Dwarf co-creator Rob Grant, satirising attitudes towards dieting and obesity. During the course of the book, various other themes are also satirised, including health and safety regulations, manufactured pop (including a parody of Girls Aloud, called Gurlz Banned) and lawyers. The book follows the lives of three somewhat unusual individuals over a period spanning a few days, in which their stories eventually interact to varying extents.
Character histories.
Grenville Roberts: A divorced TV chef who is so fat that he is no longer "off the peg". Tends to slip into a rage should anybody mention his weight. He destroys another person's car and much of a health club during one such episode. Throughout the story he makes lots of bitter remarks at the law system and how society mistreats overweight people. After being fired from is job as a TV Chef (His famous book had 10 pages dedicated to boiling eggs), his agent told him about the idea of the Government Well Farms to get him back on his feet. After the VIP opening, which he spots one of the other characters, Jeremy Slank, he arrives along with other obese small time celebrities and is appalled at the state. Eventually the conditions and incompetence drive him to an insane rage and he demolishes the camp by breaking chairs, windows, and using a mower to carve out a swear word to the Prime Minister. In the end, he is given his own TV show where he goes to restaurants, and uses his rage to take them down a peg or two.
Hayleigh Griffin: A teenage girl who is starving herself by avoiding food where possible and discarding/regurgitating if not; indicating she probably has anorexia. She worships a pop idol called Jase which could be the cause as she constantly wants to impress him. During the story she goes to extreme lengths including faking her period and pretending to eat breakfast. The situation becomes so bad she has to go to hospital and have psychiatry treatments. At the same time, Jeremy Slank, the third character in the story, is investigating the NHS hospitals and sees her. He arranges a meeting with the pop idol and he comes to her drugged up and smelling. Eventually the entire ordeal seems to cure her anorexia and she becomes quite happy, taking on Jeremy as her new icon. Initially, the reader will believe her to be fat, but it later transpires that she is unhealthily thin.
Jeremy Slank: A "Conceptuologist" (politically correct term for PR man, parodying complicated job titles that have arisen in recent years) who is involved in the Well Farms project in the story to help fight weight problems. He is the only character to meet/interact with the other two. He is described as average and normal as he is trying to impress the Prime Minister. After a monologue of how he thinks it will go, he instead is given 2 minutes by a bulky security guard and is put on a helicopter to the Well Farms. On the helicopter he meets a student called Jemma who he then starts to flirt with and she tells him what she thinks of the project. After the tour and Jeremy doing his job, she invites him for dinner and almost starts to perform oral sex before realising it's not her boyfriend and leaves. As he checks his e-mail frustrated, he finds an e-mail from the Prime Minister saying on how he did a great job. He is next seen at the Press conference opening the Well Farms to which the Prime Minister actually remembers and greets him. He is then put on his right hand side as the Prime Minister introduces the project. Because the Well Farms are such a 'success', 'P' (As he lets Jeremy call him that now) asks Jeremy to handle the rebranding of the NHS. Jeremy then takes a tour, but goes on his own, and discovers Hayleigh revealing she is very anorexic. In the end, he is unaffected by the monumental 'failure' of the Well Farms and meets Jemma who has moved and broken up with her boyfriend. He kisses her and his story in the book ends.

</doc>
<doc id="9794008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794008" title="Idea (disambiguation)">
Idea (disambiguation)

An idea is an image existing or formed in the mind.
Idea or IDEA or similar may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9794041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794041" title="Rick Benjamin (disambiguation)">
Rick Benjamin (disambiguation)

Rick Benjamin is a racing announcer.
Rick Benjamin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9794043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794043" title="Roger Ashton-Griffiths">
Roger Ashton-Griffiths

Roger Ashton-Griffiths (born 19 January 1957) is an English character actor, screenwriter and film director.
He graduated from Lancaster University (BMus) and the University of East London (MA Fine Art), and began his career as a singer with English National Opera at the London Coliseum.
He has appeared in numerous high-profile films, including Terry Gilliam's "The Brothers Grimm" and "Brazil", "A Knight's Tale", Martin Scorsese's "Gangs of New York", Roman Polanski's "Pirates", Peter Greenaway's "The Cook, the Thief, His Wife & Her Lover", Woody Allen's "You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger", Olivier Dahan's "Grace of Monaco" and Mike Leigh's "Mr. Turner".
He has also worked extensively in television, including "Margaret" and "The Tudors", and will be portraying Mace Tyrell in Season 4 of "Game of Thrones".

</doc>
<doc id="9794046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794046" title="Aleksandr Shymko">
Aleksandr Shymko

Aleksandr Shymko (), born August 4, 1977 in Borshchiw, Ukraine, is an award-winning Ukrainian composer and pianist. 
Biography.
Aleksandr Shymko graduated from Chernovtcy Music S. Vorobkevich College as pianist. In 1998 he was studying composition in the class of professor Y. Ischenko at the National Music P.I. Tchaikovsky Academy of Ukraine and in 2002 graduated there with diploma of master. In 2002-2005 he continued study with post-graduate education as assistant in the composition department in athe academy. 
Since 2003 he has been a member of the National Composer's Union of Ukraine and, from a year later, the head of the Kiev youth association in National Composer's Union of Ukraine. In 2004 he was awarded the prize of the Kiev Mayor. 
In the same year he won the scholarship “Gaude Polonia” of the minister of culture of Poland. In 2005 he studied composition with professor Aleksander Lason in Music Academy named for K. Szymanowsky (Katowice, Poland). In 2006 he was given a grant by the Ernst von Siemens Foundation. Іn 2007 he was awarded the L. Revutsky Prize of the Ministry of culture and arts of Ukraine. He was a member of the organizing committee of the 17th International Festival “Music Season’s premieres”. In 2007 he became a member of National Composer’s Union administration. Since September 2007 he is the head of the musical department of L. Ukrainka’s National academic theatre of Russian drama. The organizer and music director of the festival "Music Tribune Kiev Youth" (2008). 
Performances.
Author of many works that were performed in such festivals as “Music Season’s premieres” (2004, 2006 Kiev), International Festival “Kiev Music Fest” (2005), 19th International Festival “Warsaw Musical Meetings”, 4th International Festival “New music”- Festiwal Muzyki Nowej (Bytom, Poland), 5th Summer Festival in Rycerka (Poland), "Contem-ucha"- a series of concerts of contemporary music in Lodz Philharmony (Poland) and others.
Among performers there were such as State National Academic Symfonic Orchestra of Ukraine, National Radio Symfonic Orchestra of Ukraine, chamber orchestra of Dnepropetrovsk Organ Hall, chamber orchestra “Archi”, “Orkiestra Muzyki Nowej” New Music Orchestra (Poland), trio “Taratto” (Poland), harp trio Lorien (Poland) and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9794058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794058" title="Ill Will">
Ill Will

Ill Will may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9794072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794072" title="Franciszek Krajowski">
Franciszek Krajowski

Franciszek Krajowski (born ; September 30, 1861, Velešín, south Bohemia (then in Austrian Empire) - November 22, 1932, Brześć nad Bugiem) was a Czech-Poles military officer and a General of the Polish Army.
He started his career in the Austro-Hungarian Army.
After the World War I he joined the Polish Army and served as a commanding officer of various units on the fronts of the Polish-Ukrainian War and the Polish-Soviet War. Until 1922 he commanded the 9th Corps Area in Brześć nad Bugiem (Brest). Retired, he settled in that town where he died November 22, 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="9794095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794095" title="Ghost Town in the Sky">
Ghost Town in the Sky

Ghost Town in the Sky is a Wild West-themed amusement park in Maggie Valley, North Carolina, USA. An unusual aspect of this park is that it is located atop a mountain which can only be accessed by visitors via a chair lift or an inclined funicular railway. These start at the parking area beside Jonathan Creek at an elevation of , climbing to the lower level of the park at , a climb of . The recreated "Ghost Town" sits at , with the highest elevation in the park being about . The park is located on a ridge extending from Buck mountain which is in turn an extension of the Cataloochee Divide, border to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. The park's entrance is located on U.S. Highway 19, the main road through the town. Ghost Town is promoted as "North Carolina's mile-high theme park".
History.
Ghost Town was the brainchild of R.B. Coburn, a Covington, VA native who moved to Maggie Valley, North Carolina. The park was designed by Russell Pearson and constructed for approximately $1 million in 1960. The park opened on May 1, 1961, and quickly became one of Western North Carolina's most popular tourist attractions. Pearson also opened another wild west theme park in Florida, Six Gun Territory.
At one point, 620,000 people visited Ghost Town each year. This number declined to 340,000 in 2008.
The park was sold in 1973 to National Services for a stock swap, but Coburn bought it back in 1986 and constructed the park's famous Cliffhanger roller coaster. In its later years under Coburn's ownership, the park suffered from mismanagement and a lack of maintenance. The Cliffhanger, Goldrusher, Sea Dragon, Monster, Mountain Town Swings, Undertaker, Dream Catcher, Casino, Round Up, Lil Devil, and Silver Bullet rides were constantly breaking down and were rarely opened, causing many visitors to tell others not to go. The chairlift and incline railway also required constant maintenance and repair and Coburn spent thousands of dollars maintaining them. On July 16, 2002, the chairlift stopped, stranding passengers for over two hours. Although there were fewer-and-fewer people visiting Ghost Town because of the bad condition of the park. Coburn closed Ghost Town a few days after the chairlift failure and put it up for sale. The park remained closed for the next four years, with no maintenance on any of the rides, leading many to believe that no one would buy the park because of the bad condition of the rides. Ghost Town was sold in August 2006 and reopened on May 25, 2007 after $38 million had been spent on renovations and improvements. All of the rides were reopened except the incline railway, the train, and the Monster. Two years later, after over $11 million more had been spent, $6 million of that on the Cliffhanger roller coaster, Ghost Town filed for bankruptcy. The economy and high gas prices the previous year were blamed for the park's problems, but managing partner Lynn Sylvester said reopening was planned for May 15 and the park would continue to operate.
In mid-May 2009, the park's rides had not been inspected, and Ghost Town claimed to need a $330,000 loan in order to reopen for the summer on May 22. The park was asking the town for that money. If the town turned down the request, this was expected to mean the loss of 200 jobs and a $2 million payroll, as well as the impact on local businesses that benefit from the visitors. However, "an anonymous investor" provided the money instead, according to park president Steve Shiver, so a vote by the town became unnecessary and the park opened as planned, except for a couple of rides that were not yet inspected. Ghost Town also added a new ride, Geronimo Drop, which had been at a park in Memphis, Tennessee. Geronimo Drop had been bought by Ghost Town in 2007. Shiver said the park had an $27 million plan to improve the park over four to five years, including moving and adding rides and introducing new events.
Ghost Town continued to struggle financially until the end of the 2009 season when the park closed while the owners dealt with the bankruptcy issues amid complaints that employees were not getting paid.
On February 5, 2010, a massive mudslide occurred when retaining walls on the Ghost Town property gave way. Although there were no injuries, more than 40 homes had to be evacuated, and three homes were damaged around the mountain. The park itself is said to have sustained damage, but to what extent is not publicly known. This led to speculation that the park would not open at all for the 2010 season. Steve Shiver announced on a local news program that the park was still slated to open Memorial Day weekend, but this did not happen. Federal funding was granted to the park in the amount of $1.3 million for the clean-up of its main access road, Rich Cove, which was buried in the slide.
In early March, 2010, a judge ruled in favor of the park's largest creditors, SunTrust and BB&T, to proceed with foreclosure on Ghost Town and sell the property to begin paying off its $9 million debt to SunTrust and $5 million debt to BB&T. Ghost Town partners negotiated a separate deal with SunTrust and BB&T which gave them until May 31, 2010 to come up with an alternate plan, allowing the park to continue to operate if funding was obtained by the deadline. On May 4, a judge approved a takeover bid by American Heritage Family Parks. The company has pledged to pay SunTrust $7 million of its debt and BB&T its entire $5 million of debt, and $100,000 in back taxes to Haywood County. The park was said to be allowed to open for the season while details of the sale were worked out. Instead, the park remained closed.
In April 2011, the bankruptcy administrator recommended dismissing the case citing the failure of Ghost Town partners to submit a sufficient re-organization plan to pay off its debts. This allowed foreclosure proceedings to continue as the park was no longer protected under Chapter 11.
In February 2012, the park was purchased at public auction by Alaska Presley, a Maggie Valley business woman who has been involved with the park since its beginning, and is moving towards the goal of having at least a portion of the park re-opened for the end of the 2012 season.
On June 29, 2012, Ghost Town in the Sky's A-Frame Entrance opened to the public for the first time in four years, for gifts to be sold, leading to a full opening of the park coming up in the following months.
Visitors can ride the chair lift and tour the town, but action will not resume until 2013. Future plans call for a replica of Jerusalem called "Holy Land" opening in 2014 at the park's highest point.
Features.
The park is divided into several "towns", which are located at different elevations of the mountain, each of which has a different theme. Among these are the "Indian Village", "Mountain Town", and "Mining Town". The heart of the park is the re-created old Western town complete with a two saloons, a schoolhouse, bank, jail, and church, and various other businesses typical of the day. Each hour, a gunfight is staged right in the street, with visitors lining up on the board sidewalks to watch the action. The guns that the cowboys use can cause a serious powder-burn at a distance of . Jimmy Wayne is one of the world-famous bad guy cowboys and is easily a crowd favorite. Robert Bradley plays "The Apache Kid", an iconic figure he created and has played since the park's inception. In the "Silver Dollar Saloon" there are hourly shows featuring old west can-can dancers, while the "Red Dog Saloon" features live country & bluegrass music performances throughout the day. "Indian Village" featured shows about Indian life in the old Western days, including a deer-hunt and a raid on a frontier settlement. "Mining Town" has areas where people can pan for gold and silver. It also has shows about life in mining settlements. The most popular one features a fight in the town after a miner finds a bunch of gold. "Mountain Town" features shows about life in the Smoky Mountains.
At the terminus of the chairlift and incline railway is the "Heritage Town Square", which was a 2007 addition to the park. This area features a museum chronicling the history of "Ghost Town", a restaurant, the Freefall, the Casino, and the Cliffhanger.
Cliffhanger originally opened in 1988 as Red Devil. In 2007 it was renamed Cliffhanger and given a new paint job. The coaster is unique in that rather than boarding the train and being towed up the lift hill, its boarding station is at the top of the lift hill already. Once riders board the train, it rolls out of the station, around a 90-degree curve and then straight over the main drop and into its one inverted loop. The rest of the track flies out over the edge of the mountain with great views of the surrounding mountains and an extra feeling of excitement due to the proximity to the mountainside. Cliffhanger's re-opening was pushed back through the 2007 and 2008 seasons citing major repairs needed to get the coaster in operating condition. It opened on June 30, 2009 but was closed less than two days later needing additional major repairs and inspection to reopen.
The day after the coaster opened a ride operator detected something wrong with one of the coaster train’s seats. The state inspectors were still on site so they were called to check it out, and they discovered a hairline crack in the seat’s frame next to a bolt that attached the seat to the rest of the car. It fell upon Rotational Motion who built the custom cars for Ghost Town to come up with a solution. The coaster began operating again during the last few weeks of the 2009 season with no reported problems. Cliffhanger is currently SBNO (standing but not operating). During a test run one day before Ghost Town's 2010 season began, there was a problem with one of the train's wheel chassis. Contrary to reports, the train did not derail (that is, come off the tracks) but came to an abrupt halt. Steve Shiver said that Cliffhanger will be closed until a new train is purchased.
The other roller coaster operating at Ghost Town is a small kiddie coaster, Tumbleweed. It was originally named Lil Devil but received a name change along with Red Devil/Cliffhanger.
Above the Ghost Town itself is another section of the park, which hosts a variety of standard amusement rides, as well as the "Mountain Top Music Hall" and "Indian Dance Hall". Here, you can see many bands like the Jeff Treece Band. All of the rides are situated at the edge of the mountain, and one, "The Gun Slinger", swings out over the mountainside giving riders an extra sense of exposure when riding. There are many great views of the surrounding Blue Ridge Mountains from the top of the park as well.
Another new feature for 2009 was "The House of Terror" during the Halloween season. For a ticket upgrade you could tour the haunted house featuring several actors used to scare the visitors.
Rides no longer in use.
In popular culture.
In October and November 2006, a movie was filmed at the park. The film, titled "Ghost Town: The Movie", was directed by Jeff Kennedy and Dean Teaster and starred Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward, DJ Perry and Princess Lucaj and featured appearances by Rance Howard and Stella Parton (Dolly's sister). The movie is based on the legend of Harmon Teaster, a Haywood County, N.C. native. It premiered at the Eaglenest Entertainment Center in Maggie Valley on June 2, 2007.
Two independent films were filmed at the park, in 2008 "Mandie and the Secret Tunnel" and in 2010 "Ringside Rosary".

</doc>
<doc id="9794108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794108" title="The Carpenters...Space Encounters">
The Carpenters...Space Encounters

The Carpenters...Space Encounters is a television special featuring the American pop duo The Carpenters. It was first shown on ABC on May 17, 1978.
Synopsis.
"Space Encounters" begins with Richard and Karen Carpenter performing "Sweet, Sweet Smile" in their recording studio, assisted by Charlie Callas. As they are performing, we see that they are being observed by the occupants of an alien spaceship (John Davidson and Suzanne Somers) who are on their way to Earth to meet The Carpenters. After Richard and Karen finish the song, the lights in the studio begin to flicker uncontrollably and musical instruments begin to move and play by themselves. At that moment, John teleports down to the studio and tells Richard and Karen how the people from his planet lack the ability to make music and he requests their help. Richard and Karen tell John about their earlier days in music and John uses his hi-tech pocket video screen to show The Carpenters performing "Fun Fun Fun" and "Dancing in the Street". After watching them, John tells them he wants to try singing himself and teleports to a more romantic setting to perform "Just the Way You Are". 
The Carpenters continue to reminisce about their earlier recordings and they perform "Goofus" in an old garage, similar to the one in which they recorded their first record in.
Richard, on piano, then performs the Space Encounters Medley, which includes the themes to "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "Star Wars", on stage with a full orchestra, complete with laser and starlight effects.
Back in the recording studio, Karen and John continue to reminisce about her early days in music and she performs "Little Girl Blue". Afterwards, everybody teleports up to the spaceship's own nightclub, "The Galaxy Room", where Richard plays "Piano Picker", and Karen and Suzanne perform "Man Smart, Woman Smarter". Karen and John then perform "The Old-Fashioned Way" and then the whole cast (complete with dancers) perform a disco-medley including "The Hustle", "Boogie Nights" and "I Could Have Danced All Night". 
The Carpenters then perform "Calling Occupants of Interplanetary Craft" and the show ends with an instrumental version of "We've Only Just Begun".

</doc>
<doc id="9794112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794112" title="Uletka and the White Lizard">
Uletka and the White Lizard

Uletka and the White Lizard was edited and translated from the Hungarian by Baroness Orczy (creator of the famous the Scarlet Pimpernel series), in 1895.
The illustrations in the book were provided by her husband, Montagu Barstow, whom she married in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="9794129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794129" title="Abraham Creighton, 1st Baron Erne">
Abraham Creighton, 1st Baron Erne

Abraham Creighton, 1st Baron Erne (December 1703 – 10 June 1772) was an Irish peer and politician.
Erne was a major landowner in County Fermanagh. He represented Lifford in the Irish House of Commons from 1727 until 1768, when he was raised to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Erne, of Crom Castle in the County of Fermanagh. He died in June 1772 and was succeeded in the barony by his son John, who was later created Earl Erne. 
Up to 1729 Alexander Montgomery shared the parliamentary patronage of Lifford, County Donegal with the Creighton family, the Earls of Erne. There is an agreement in the Erne papers (held in the Northern Ireland Public Records Office) dated 1727 between Alexander Montgomery and General David Creighton about the sharing of Lifford Corporation and its representation in the Irish House of Commons, to which it sent two M.P.s. One of the articles of agreement was that, if Montgomery should die without a son, then his interest should pass to the Creightons. Montgomery was elected as an M.P. for County Donegal in the General Election held later on in 1727 so General David Creighton and his son and heir, Abraham Creighton, (later the 1st Lord Erne) were returned as the two Lifford M.P.s. General David Creighton died in 1728 so the Lifford seat was filled by Thomas Montgomery, the nephew of Alexander. On the death of Thomas Montgomery in 1760, full control of the Lifford seats passed to Abraham Creighton.

</doc>
<doc id="9794148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794148" title="James Paul">
James Paul

James Paul (born 1940 in Forest Grove, Oregon, U.S.) is an American conductor. He is currently the music director and conductor of The Shedd Institute's Oregon Festival of American Music (OFAM) and its American Symphonia, and music director of the Oregon Coast Music Festival.
Career.
James Paul studied voice at the Oberlin Conservatory of Music and the Mozarteum in Salzburg, while conducting various student and professional organizations. Following his studies he was awarded the Serge Koussevitsky Memorial Conducting Prize presented by Erich Leinsdorf at the 1967 Tanglewood Music Festival. 
Mr. Paul then served as conducting fellow with the St. Louis Symphony and conductor of the Bach Society of St. Louis. He subsequently took posts as associate conductor of the Kansas City Philharmonic and Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra. 
In 1981 James Paul was appointed Music Director of the Baton Rouge Symphony. Under the fifteen years under his leadership, the orchestra became a well-disciplined, highly recognized artistic entity. The Symphony shared the 1983 American Symphony Orchestra League award for most innovative programming with the Brooklyn Philharmonic and was also the only regional orchestra featured on the WFMT Fine Arts Network's Music in America series. In 1984, James Paul founded the Baton Rouge Symphony Chorus. A high point of his tenure was the orchestra's triumphant performance on October 22, 1988 at Carnegie Hall in New York City. The program included Chadwick’s Jubilee from Symphonic Sketches, Sibelius’ Symphony No. 2 and Beethoven's Piano Concerto Nr. 4 with soloist Abbey Simon. The concert received excellent reviews in both the New York and Louisiana newspapers. Following his final concerts in February 1998, Paul was named Conductor Emeritus, the only conductor so honored by the orchestra in its 50-year history.
Parallel to his tenure in Baton Rouge, Paul served for several years as music director of the Ohio Light Opera (conducting Gilbert and Sullivan and other light operas) and principal guest conductor of the Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra.
As a guest conductor he has led the Chicago Symphony, the Cleveland Orchestra, the Symphonies of Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Houston, Dallas, Seattle, San Diego, San Antonio, New Jersey, Oakland, Honolulu, Kansas City, Jacksonville and Detroit. Recent past engagements include the Houston Symphony, the Singapore Symphony, the National Symphony, the Minnesota Orchestra, the Baltimore Symphony, the San Francisco Symphony, the Saint Louis Symphony, the Buffalo Philharmonic the Calgary Philharmonic, Symphony Nova Scotia (Halifax), Vancouver Symphony, and the Utah Symphony. 
In 1997, James Paul recorded Paul Paray's Joan of Arc Mass and First Symphony with the Royal Scottish National Orchestra and Chorus. This recording received a Grammy nomination for “Best Choral Performance.”
Besides his post as the music director and conductor of OFAM, Paul also served for 6 seasons as principal guest conductor of the Grant Park Music Festival, and then was artistic director of the Sewanee Summer Music Festival from 2006-2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9794157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794157" title="Hirofumi Torii">
Hirofumi Torii


</doc>
<doc id="9794191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794191" title="Journal of Clinical Microbiology">
Journal of Clinical Microbiology

The Journal of Clinical Microbiology is a medical journal published by the American Society for Microbiology.

</doc>
<doc id="9794200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794200" title="Shredd and Ragan">
Shredd and Ragan

Ted Shredd and Tom Ragan are hosts of "The Shredd and Ragan Show" a talk radio show on WEDG. The show also features James, producer Jim Jacka and assistant producer Josh Potter. The show broadcasts to Buffalo, Toronto and Southern Ontario and is heard weekday mornings from 6am to 10am.
The show has been a mainstay in Buffalo radio since Tom Ragan and Ted Shredd paired in 1994. 
Shredd and Ragan have received national recognition from the former radio business magazine Radio and Records, as nominees for Alternative Rock Show of the Year for 2003, 2004 and 2005 and Active Rock Show of the Year in 2006. The show is a consistent winner of Artvoice's Best Radio Show in Buffalo award, as well.
Format.
The Shredd and Ragan Show is a four-hour comedy talk radio show that covers everything from politics to sports, music, movies, the internet and people making news. The show often deals with what's going on around Western New York including anything relating to the Buffalo Bills and Buffalo Sabres.
History.
The show got its start in 1994 when Tom Ragan, then on WGR as "The Tom and Karen Show" was paired with Ted Shredd, then on WUFX as "Ted Shredd and Mr. Ed Show". The show first made a name for itself by covering (and making fun of) the Buffalo State College Prostitute trial, and airing non-stop bits on the O.J. Simpson trial, culminating in the "OJ Bronco Chase Parade" on Buffalo's Kensington Expressway.
In 1995, WUFX changed formats and renamed as WEDG, keeping only Shredd and Ragan from the previous roster. In an often told on-air story, Shredd and Ragan explain how they went across the street to a staff meeting, looked around cluelessly, and then realized they were the only ones from the current airstaff sitting in the room. Shredd and Ragan are also the first to speak with T.O upon his arrival to the Buffalo Bills.
Move Back to Mornings.
On January 4, 2012, it was announced that Shredd and Ragan would be moving back to mornings starting January 9, 2012. When the Opie and Anthony show came to WEDG in 2006, Shredd and Ragan were moved to afternoons 3-7pm, moving Bull Radio to 12-3p, and moving then jock Val Townsend (now at sister station WHTT) to 9-12pm. When Opie and Anthony were let go , Bull moved his show to the morning drive, simply renaming his show "Morning Bull." With S&R moving back to mornings, Bull will be going back to his previous time slot that he had before the 2006 switch to 3-7pm.
Other characters.
Called "the Barbarians" after a frequently-played clip of the late Sen. Robert Byrd's speech about Michael Vick and his use of the word "barbaric", the Barbarians are frequent contributors to the program and compete annually for the best-call award in the Barbaric Cup:
Resembles Buffalo comedienne Jamella. Lusts after white men, Edgefest tickets and free radio prizes. 
Long-time caller and listener who previously simply called in to say, "Baconnnnnnnnn!" (after a popular TV commercial for dog food). Now calls in with Buffalo Sabres facts and criticism of Evil Jim. Winner of the first Barbaric Cup, which entitles him to be known as "King Bacon".
Earned his nickname from call-ins during the Dalai Lama's visit to SUNY Buffalo in September 2006. Bradley is a frequent participant in the show's "Your Turn" segment and (self-proclaimed) show historian.
Calls when he feels the "brothers" are getting short shrift. Played a fatherless Black Jesus in "S and R Theater". Winner of the second Barbaric Cup, which entitles him to be known as King Brotha Pope.
Lives, as expected, in Dunkirk; finalist in the first Barbaric Cup.
Unemployed Buffalonian who phones with wisecracks while sitting on his couch. Begins each call with, "Hey guys, thanks for keeping me entertained while I'm out of work".
From the most notorious neighborhood in Niagara Falls, his claim that he does not glow is greeted with skepticism.
Ardent fan of the show; says he enjoys Jägermeister so much, he had the bottle image tattooed on his leg (earning him a lifetime supply from the company).
(Prematurely-) retired roofing contractor and user of Lortab, who insists he is not an addict. Runner-up in the second annual Barbaric Cup (2009) to Brotha Pope. Winner in 2010, which entitles him to be known as King Lortab Zombie.
Forced to have his beer parties in the garage, because his wife will not allow his buddies in the house (to sully their immaculately-clean bathroom).
So called because of his participation in Shredd and Ragan's go-karting events. A truck driver, he often calls in with live traffic reports and a regular contender for the Barbaric Cup.
Good-hearted soul who calls from rehab or a halfway house. Known to fall off the wagon; once, he went to a wedding and disappeared for a month. Ends his calls with, "Barbaric!" 
Knows more about wrestling than Vince McMahon, Sr. (founder of WWE).

</doc>
<doc id="9794203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794203" title="Daniil Gleichengauz">
Daniil Gleichengauz

Daniil Markovich Gleichengauz (, born 3 June 1991) is a Russian former ice dancer and single skater. In single skating, he is the 2007 Russian junior national bronze medalist and is a one-season competitor on the Junior Grand Prix circuit. He was coached by Viktor Kudriavtsev. 
Gleichengauz began competing in ice dancing in the 2010–11 season with partner Ksenia Korobkova. They made their international debut in the 2011–12 season at the 2011 NRW Trophy, winning the junior title. They were coached by Alexander Zhulin and Oleg Volkov.

</doc>
<doc id="9794219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794219" title="List of Intel codenames">
List of Intel codenames

Intel has historically named integrated circuit (IC) development projects after geographical names of towns, rivers or mountains near the location of the Intel facility responsible for the IC. Many of these are in the American West, particularly in Oregon (where most of Intel's CPU projects are designed; see famous codenames). As Intel's development activities have expanded, this nomenclature has expanded to Israel and India. Some older codenames refer to celestial bodies. There is a pattern with recent desktop processors. Since Core 2 all quad-core desktop processors tend to end in "field" (e.g. Kentsfield, Bloomfield, Lynnfield) and most desktop dual-cores end in "dale" (e.g. Wolfdale, Allendale, Clarkdale), with the exception of Arrandale, a mobile processor codename for the mobile i3/i5/i7s. Platforms consisting of a CPU plus a Southbridge end in "trail" (e.g. Bone Trail, Skull Trail, Pine Trail). Server processors for two sockets now end in "town" (e.g. Harpertown, Gainestown, Gulftown, Jaketown), while server processors for four or more sockets end in "ton" (Tigerton, Dunnington, Beckton).
The following table lists known Intel codenames along with a brief explanation of their meaning and their likely namesake, and the year of their earliest known public appearance.
See also List of computer technology code names

</doc>
<doc id="9794230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794230" title="Amuria District">
Amuria District

Amuria District is a district in Eastern Uganda. It is named after its 'chief town', Amuria, the location of the district headquarters.
Location.
Amuria District is bordered by Otuke District to the north, Napak District to the northeast, Katakwi District to the east, Soroti District to the south, Kaberamaido District to the southwest and Alebtong District to the west. The district headquarters at Amuria are located approximately , by road, north of Soroti, the largest town in the sub-region. The coordinates of the district are: 02 02N, 33 39E.
Overview.
Amuria District was created in July 2005. Prior to that, it was part of Katakwi District. It comprises two counties: Amuria and Kapelebyong. The district is made up of the following administrative units: (a) Amuria Municipality (b) Abarilela Sub-county (c) Asamuk Sub-county (d) Kuju Sub-county (e) Orungo Sub-county (f) Morungatuny Sub-county (g) Wera Sub-county (h) Obalanga Sub-County (i) Achowa Sub-county and (j) Kapelebyong Sub-county.
Teso sub-region.
Amuria District, is part of the Teso sub-region, home to an estimated 2.5 million people of Iteso and Kumam ethnicities. The districts in the sub-region include the following:
Population.
In 1991, the national population census estimated the population of the district at about 69,400. The national census in 2002 estimated the population of Amuria District at approximately 180,000. In 2012, the population of Amuria District was estimated at approximately 406,400. The able below illustrates how the population of Amuria District has been growing during the first decade of he 21st century. The next Uganda population census is scheduled for August 2012.
Economic activities.
The economy of Amuria District is based on two main activities; (a) Subsistence agriculture and (b) Animal husbandry. Over 90% of the population in the district engage in either or both activities. The crops grown in the district include:

</doc>
<doc id="9794244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794244" title="Bukwo District">
Bukwo District

Bukwo District is a district in Eastern Uganda. It is named after its main political, administrative and commercial center, Bukwo, where the district headquarters are located.
Location.
Bukwo District is bordered by Amudat District to the north, the Republic of Kenya to the east and south and Kween District to the west and northwest. Bukwo, where the district headquarters are located is approximately , by road, northeast of Mbale, the nearest large city. The coordinates of the district are:01 16N, 34 44E.
Overview.
The district was created on 1 July 2005. Bukwo District was part of Kapchorwa District prior to July 2005. It was created out of Kongasis county. The district has many well-educated native sons and daughters, but many of these educated people have sought for greener pastures in the neighbouring country of Kenya.
The district's roads are in the majority inaccessible or impassable. There is widespread lack of electricity and telecommunication services throughout the district. Subsequent Ugandan Governments have not developed this part of the country, starting with the colonial governments in the early part of the 20th century, through the Obote I, Idi Amin, Obote II and NRM regimes.
Many of the inhabitants of Bukwo District live in abject poverty. The district is also plagued by persistent insecurity due to cattle raids and cattle rustling by ethnic groups from Karamoja located in North Eastern Uganda and the Turkana and Pokot from neighbouring Kenya. These challenges date as far back as the 1950s and 1960s.
Most of the people from the northern part of the district have been internally displaced by cattle rustlers and have since not been resettled back in their original land. Some of these people opted to purchase land from areas that appeared secure while others who could not afford to purchase new land continue to exist as squatters on well-wishers' land.
Population.
In 1991, the national population census estimated the district population at about 30,700. The national census in 2002 estimated the population of the district at about 49,000, with an annual population growth rate of 4.2%. In 2012 the population of Bukwo District was estimated at approximately 73,400. The table below illustrates the population growth in the district between 2002 and 2012. All numbers are estimates.

</doc>
<doc id="9794248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794248" title="Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula">
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula

Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP; , "Al-Qaida fi Jazirat al-'Arab"), also known as Ansar al-Shari'a (; ""), is a militant Islamist organization, primarily active in Yemen and Saudi Arabia. It was named for al-Qaeda, and says it is subordinate to that group and its now-deceased leader Osama bin Laden, a Saudi citizen. It is considered the most active of Al-Qaeda's branches, or "franchises," that emerged due to weakening central leadership.
Ideology and formation.
Like al-Qaeda, it opposes the Al Saud monarchy. AQAP was formed in January 2009 from a merger of al Qaeda's Yemeni and Saudi branches. The Saudi group had been effectively suppressed by the Saudi government, forcing its members to seek sanctuary in Yemen. It is believed to have several hundred members.
Transformation into active al-Qaeda affiliate.
The percentage of terrorist plots in the West that originated from Pakistan declined considerably from most of them (at the outset), to 75% in 2007, and to 50% in 2010, as al-Qaeda shifted to Somalia and Yemen.
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton formally designated al-Qaeda in Yemen a terrorist organization on December 14, 2009. On August 24, 2010, The Washington Post journalist Greg Miller wrote that the CIA believed Yemen's branch of al-Qaeda had surpassed its parent organization, Osama bin Laden's core group, as the Al Qaeda's most dangerous threat to the U.S. homeland.
On August 26, Yemen claimed that U.S. officials had exaggerated the size and danger of al-Qaeda in Yemen, insisting also that fighting the jihadist network's local branch remained Sanaa's job. A former bodyguard of Osama bin Laden warned of an escalation in fighting between al-Qaida and Yemeni authorities, and predicted the government would need outside intervention to stay in power.
However, Ahmed al-Bahri told the Associated Press that attacks by al-Qaida in southern Yemen was an indication of its increasing strength.
Activities.
Al Qaeda was responsible for the USS "Cole" bombing in October 2000 in the southern port of Aden, killing 17 U.S. sailors. In 2002, an al Qaeda attack damaged a French supertanker in the Gulf of Aden.
The Global Terrorism Database attributes the 2004 Khobar massacre to the group. In this guise, it is also known as "The Jerusalem Squadron".
In addition to a number of attacks in Saudi Arabia, and the kidnap and murder of Paul Johnson in Riyadh in 2004, the group is suspected in connection with a bombing in Doha, Qatar, in March 2005. For a chronology of recent Islamist militant attacks in Saudi Arabia, "see" Insurgency in Saudi Arabia.
In the 2009 Little Rock recruiting office shooting, Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad, formerly known as Carlos Leon Bledsoe, a Muslim convert who had spent time in Yemen, on June 1, 2009 opened fire with an SKS Rifle in a drive-by shooting on soldiers in front of a United States military recruiting office in Little Rock, Arkansas, in a "jihad" attack. He killed Private William Long, and wounded Private Quinton Ezeagwula. He said that he was affiliated with and had been sent by Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
AQAP said it was responsible for Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's attempted Christmas Day bombing of Northwest Airlines Flight 253 as it approached Detroit on December 25, 2009. In that incident, Abdulmutallab reportedly tried to set off plastic explosives sewn to his underwear, but failed to detonate them properly.
On February 8, 2010, deputy leader Said Ali al-Shihri called for a regional holy war and blockade of the Red Sea to prevent shipments to Israel. In an audiotape he called upon Somalia's al-Shabaab militant group for assistance in the blockade.
The 2010 cargo plane bomb plot was discovered on October 29, 2010, when two packages containing bombs found on cargo planes, based on intelligence received from government intelligence agencies, in the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates. The packages originated from Yemen, and were addressed to outdated addresses of two Jewish institutions in Chicago, Illinois, one of which was the Congregation Or Chadash, a LGBT synagogue. On October 30, 2010, On November 5, 2010, al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula took responsibility for the plot. It posted its acceptance of responsibility on a number of radical Islamist websites monitored by the SITE Intelligence Group and the NEFA Foundation, and wrote: "We will continue to strike blows against American interests and the interest of America's allies." It also claimed responsibility for the crash of a UPS Boeing 747-400 cargo plane in Dubai on September 3. The statement continued: "since both operations were successful, we intend to spread the idea to our "mujahedeen" brothers in the world and enlarge the circle of its application to include civilian aircraft in the West as well as cargo aircraft." American authorities had said they believed that al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was behind the plot. Officials in the United Kingdom and the United States believe that it is most likely that the bombs were designed to destroy the planes carrying them.
In November 2010 the group announced a strategy, called "Operation Hemorrhage", that it said was designed to capitalize on the "security phobia that is sweeping America." The program would call for a large number of inexpensive, small-scale attacks against United States interests with the intent of weakening the U.S. economy.
On 21 May 2012, a soldier wearing a belt of explosives carried out a suicide attack on military personnel preparing for a parade rehearsal for Yemen's Unity Day. With over 120 people dead and 200 more injured, the attack was the deadliest in Yemeni history. AQAP claimed responsibility for the attack.
During the June 2012 al Qaeda retreat from key southern Yemen stronghold, the organization planted land mines, which killed 73 civilians. According to the governor's office in Abyan province, 3,000 mines were removed from around Zinjibar and Jaar.
On 5 December 2013, an attack on the Yemeni Defense Ministry in Sana'a involving a series of bomb and gun attacks killed at least 56 people. After footage of the attack was aired on Yemeni television, showing an attack on a hospital within the ministry compound and the killing of medical personnel and patients, the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula released a video message apologizing. Qassim al-Raimi claimed that the team of attackers were directed not to assault the hospital in the attack, but that one had gone ahead and done so.
On 9 May 2014, several soldiers from Yemen were killed after a skirmish sparked when a vehicle attacked a palace gate.
The group also publishes the online magazines "Voice of Jihad" and "Inspire".
Ansar al-Sharia.
In the wake of the 2011 Yemeni revolution and the Battle of Zinjibar, an Islamist insurgent organisation called Ansar al-Sharia (Yemen) (supporters of Islamic Law), emerged in Yemen and seized control of areas in the Abyan Governorate and surrounding governorates in southern Yemen and declared them an Islamic emirate. There was heavy fighting with the Yemeni security forces over the control of these territories, with Ansar al-Sharia driven out of most of their territory over 2012.
In April 2011, Shaykh Abu Zubayr Adil bin Abdullah al-Abab, AQAP's chief religious figure, explained the name change as a re-branding exercise "the name Ansar al-Sharia is what we use to introduce ourselves in areas where we work to tell people about our work and goals."
On 4 October 2012, the United Nations 1267/1989 Al-Qaida Sanctions Committee and the United States State Department designated Ansar al-Sharia as an alias for Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. The State Department described the establishment of Ansar al-Sharia as an attempt to attract followers in areas of Yemen where AQAP had been able to establish territorial control and implement its interpretation of Sharia.
U.S. drone attacks.
In 2010 the White House was reported to be considering using the CIA's armed Predator drones to fight Al-Qaeda in Yemen.
A CIA targeted killing drone strike killed Kamal Derwish, an American citizen, and a group of al-Qaida operatives (including Qaed Salim Sinan al-Harethi) in Yemen in November 2002. Drones became shorthand in Yemen for a weak government allowing foreign forces to have their way.
On September 30, 2011, a U.S. drone attack in Yemen resulted in the death of Anwar al-Awlaki, one of the group's leaders, and Samir Khan, the editor of "Inspire", its English-language magazine. Both were U.S. citizens.
The pace of U.S. drone attacks quickened significantly in 2012, with over 20 strikes in the first five months of the year, compared to 10 strikes during the course of 2011.
Over the period 19–21 April 2014, a series of drone attacks on AQAP killed dozens of militants, and at least 3 civilians. A spokesperson for the Yemeni Supreme Security Committee described the attacks, which included elements of the Yemeni army as well as US drones, as "massive and unprecedented". The attacks were alleged to have targeted AQAP leadership, with a major AQAP base in Wadi al-Khayala reported to have been destroyed.
Alleged members.
Naser al-Wuhayshi, one of 23 men who escaped from a Yemeni prison in February 2006, was announced as the leader of AQAP. Another prisoner, Qassim al-Raimi, was AQAP military commander and the third in command.
The group has taken advantage of Yemen's "slow collapse into near-anarchy. Widespread corruption, growing poverty and internal fragmentation have helped make Yemen a breeding ground for terror." More than two years later, on April 25, 2012, a suspected US drone strike killed Mohammed Said al-Umdah, a senior AQAP member cited as the number four in the organization and one of the 2006 escapees. He had been convicted of the 2002 tanker bombing and for providing logistical and material support.
Yemeni analyst, Barak Barfi, discounted claims that marriage between the militant group and Yemeni tribes is a widespread practice, though he states that the bulk of AQAP members hail from the tribes.
AQAP is a popular choice for radicalized Americans seeking to join Islamist terror organizations overseas. In 2013 alone, at least three Amer­i­can cit­i­zens or per­ma­nent res­i­dents - Marcos Alonso Zea, Justin Kaliebe, and Shelton Thomas Bell - have attempted to join AQAP. They count among over 50 Americans who have attempted to join terrorist groups oversees, including AQAP, since 2007.
Reportedly, as many as 20 Islamist British nationals traveled to Yemen in 2009 to be trained by AQAP. 
In February 2012, up to 500 Internationalistas from Somalia's Al Shabaab, after getting cornered by a Kenyan offensive and conflict with Al Shabaab national legions, fled to Yemen. It is likely that a number of this group merged with AQAP.
The following is a list of people who have been purported to be AQAP members. Most, but not all, are or were Saudi nationals. Roughly half have appeared on Saudi "most wanted" lists. In the left column is the rank of each member in the original 2003 list of the 26 most wanted.

</doc>
<doc id="9794249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794249" title="Butaleja District">
Butaleja District

Butaleja District is a district in Eastern Uganda. Its named after its 'chief town', Butaleja, where the district headquarters are located.
Location.
Butaleja District is bordered by Budaka District to the north, Mbale District to the east, Tororo District to the southeast, Bugiri District to the south and Namutumba District to the west. The district headquarters at Butaleja, are located approximately , by road, southwest of Mbale, the nearest large city. The coordinates of the district are:00 56N, 33 57E.
Overview.
Butaleja District was created by Act of the Ugandan Parliament, and became operational on 1 July 2005. Prior to that the district was known as "Bunyole County" and was part of Tororo District. The predominant ethnicity in the district (85%) are Banyole, a Bantu tribe whose language is called Lunyole. Lunyole has been listed by the Institute of Languages of Makerere University among the endangered minority languages in Uganda. The main food of the Banyole is a finger millet meal called "Obusiima". The traditional official meal included Obusiima and mushroom sauce.
Other ethnicities in the district (15%) include the Jopadhola, the Bagisu, the Basoga, the Iteso, the Karimojong and the Bagwere. Due to a high population density in the district, environmental degradation is a concern.
There are two municipalities in the district; Butaleja, where the district headquarters are located and Busolwe, the location of Busolwe Hospital, a 120 bed public hospital, administered by the Uganda Ministry of Health.
Population.
In 1991, the national population census estimated the district population at about 106,700. The national census in 2002 estimated the population of the district at about 157,500. The annual population growth rate in the district was 3.5%. In 2012, the population of Butaleja District was approximately 221,100.
The table below illustrates the growth trajectory of the district population between 2002 and 2012. All numbers are estimates.
Economic activities.
Like in most of Uganda's districts, subsistence agriculture is the backbone of the district economy. Crops grown include:
Livestock kept by the population include:

</doc>
<doc id="9794251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794251" title="Kaliro District">
Kaliro District

Kaliro District is a district in Eastern Uganda. It was created out of the eastern part of Kamuli District in 2006, and is now a fully fledged district. Like most other Ugandan districts, it is named after its 'chief town', Kaliro, the location of the district headquarters.
Location.
Kaliro District borders Serere District to the north, across Lake Nakuwa, one, of the lakes that comprise the Lake Kyoga water complex. Pallisa District lies to the northeast, Namutumba District to the southeast, Iganga District to the south, Luuka District to the southwest and Buyende District to the northwest. Kaliro, the 'chief town' of the district, lies approximately , by road, north of Iganga, the nearest large town. The coordinates of Kaliro District are:00 54N, 33 30E.
Overview.
Administratively the district has one county with five sub-counties and one municipality, Kaliro, the location of the district headquarters. The total surface area of Kaliro District is approximately , of which about (66.8%) is arable land. Kaliro district is part of Busoga sub-region, home to an estimated 2.5 million people in 2002, according to the national census conducted that year. The districts that constitute Busoga sub-region include the following:
Population.
In 1991, the national population census estimated the population of the district at about 105,100. The 2002 Uganda National Census put the population in the district at approximately 154,700 of whom 49.5% were males and 50.5% were females. The annual population growth rate was calculated at 3.5%. In 2012, the population of Kaliro District as estimated at about 216,500. The table below outlines the growth of the district population between 2002 and 2012. All figures are estimates. The Basoga are the main inhabitants of the district, and the dominant local language is Lusoga.

</doc>
<doc id="9794252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794252" title="Lostwithiel Stannary Palace">
Lostwithiel Stannary Palace

The Stannary Palace, also known as the "Duchy Palace", circa 1265–1300, was a complex of buildings constructed by the Earls of Cornwall as the centre of their administration. The surviving exchequer hall is reputed to be the oldest non-ecclesiastical building in Cornwall. The much larger great hall, of which large parts remain, was built as a replica of Westminster Hall. Its original function was as a Court and place of taxation dealing with the Cornish tin industry. The Earls of Cornwall and later, after 1337, the Dukes of Cornwall had their residence at Restormel Castle so the original name would have been the Stannary Hall or the Great Hall of Lostwithiel. After 1337 it was sometimes referred to as the Duchy Palace.
In 1265 Richard, Earl of Cornwall, second son of King John and brother of King Henry III, acquired Restormel Castle, the Borough of Lostwithiel and the town of Fowey, from the de Cardinan family. During this period Lostwithiel was the most important port of Cornwall and second only to Southampton along the South Coast. In 1273 Richard died and was succeeded by his son Edmund, who took occupation of Restormel Castle and built the Great Hall.
This building was a very large complex, covering more than and consisted of the Great Hall, which was the Convocation Hall for the Stannaries and Duchy affairs. It also housed the Smelting Houses, the Coinage Hall for the Stannaries and Duchy. In this complex the Stannary Courts were held and the Stannary prison. Records state that the whole complex was built and completed between 1272 and 1300 and regarded as the finest and grandest buildings in Cornwall.
In 1338 the Earldom was raised to a Dukedom and the first Duke was the Edward, the Black Prince. The building then became the administration centre for the Duchy and the only polling station for the whole of Cornwall.
The Cornish Stannaries were suspended as a consequence of the Cornish Rebellion of 1497. Henry VII restored them in return for a payment from the tin miners of the, at the time, enormous sum of £1000, to support his war on Scotland. In addition to restoring the Stannaries and pardoning the people who participated in the rebellion, Henry's Charter of Pardon of 1508 provided that no new laws affecting miners should be enacted without the consent of twenty-four stannators, six being chosen from each of the four stannaries at Lostwithiel, Launceston, Truro and Helston.
The 1508 Charter states, "No Act or Statute shall have effect in the Stannaries without the assent and consent of the twenty-four stannators." Acting in its capacity as appeal court for the colonies, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council has declared that any reference to The Stannaries means the whole of Cornwall.
Although England had its own London based Exchequer, the unabridged Charter of Pardon makes no less than ten separate references to the Lostwithiel exchequer; thus illustrating one aspect of the constitutional linkage between Stannary and Duchy.
In September 1644 AD, the English Civil War was at its height and the town of Lostwithiel was taken by the Earl of Essex who made it his headquarters. During the battle the town was badly damaged, the Great Hall sacked and burnt, destroying valuable records of the Shire and Stannaries. The part known as the Exchequer Hall was the least damaged and this then became the Convocation Hall for the Stannaries and the Public Convocation.
In 1533, John Leland stated that “in Lostwithiel is the Shire Hall for Cornwall and it is the Shire town for Cornwall.” In 1585 Norden, in his survey, stated the same. In 1495 Henry VII instructed Parliament to pass an Act that the Weights and Measures for Cornwall be placed at Lostwithiel and these weights are now part of the Old Borough Regalia.
The last Tinners Parliament was held in the Hall in 1751 and in 1874 the Duchy Offices were removed elsewhere. The whole building was sold to tradesmen of the town. The Convocation Hall became a Drill Hall. This is now owned by the Freemasons. Within the building in the upper ante room, traces remain of a Medieval Rose window which was over the original South entrance. Original oak supports and timbers still exist.
At the north end of the building is the Duchy Coat of Arms of the 15 bezants, circa 1650, and it is said to be the earliest Arms of the Duchy in this formation anywhere. On the apex of the Hall roof is the Prince of Wales’ plume of feathers which was probably erected by the Black Prince when he paid his first visit to Lostwithiel and Restormel Castle in 1353. Today the buildings are used as dwellings, antique shop and printers. 
The Duchy Palace (the building at the north end of the complex) was used as a Masonic Hall until it was purchased by the Prince's Regeneration Trust in late 2008. The Trust has begun repairs, in consultation with the Cornwall Building Preservation Trust. Current tenants are Lostwithiel Town Band while other potential uses for the building are investigated.

</doc>
<doc id="9794253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794253" title="Manafwa District">
Manafwa District

Manafwa District is a district in the Eastern Uganda. Like most Ugandan districts, it is named after its 'chief town', Manafwa, where the district headquarters are located.
Location.
Manafwa District is bordered by Bududa District to the north, the Republic of Kenya to the east and south, Tororo District to the southwest and Mbale District to the west. The district headquarters at Manafwa are located approximately , by road, southeast of Mbale, the largest city of in the sub-region. The coordinates of the district are: 00 54N, 34 20E.
Overview.
Manafwa District was created in 1999 and was part of Mbale District, together with Sironko District, before that. The total surface area of the district is estimated at . In 2006, the northern part of Manafwa District was carved off to form Bududa District.
Population.
In 1991, the national population census estimated the district population at about 178,50. The national census of 2002 estimated the population of the district at about 262,600 inhabitants. In 2012, the population of Manafwa District was estimated at approximately 367,500.
Geography.
Manafwa District has three major climatic zones:
Close to the border with Kenya in the east and close to the border with Tororo District in the south. The main natural vegetation is savannah grassland.
In the center of the district. The natural vegetation is tropical rain forest.
To the west and north in the district. The natural vegetation is alpine mountain vegetation. A significant portion of this part of the district is part of Mount Elgon National Park, a protected natural wildlife reserve.
Economic activity.
Agriculture is the backbone of the economy of the district. The fertile volcanic soils and the abundant rainfall, averaging , annually, ensure ample yields of both cash and food crops. Some of the crops grown include:
The farm produce finds market within the district as well as in the city of Mbale, about to the west of the district, on the western slopes of Mt. Elgon.

</doc>
<doc id="9794265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794265" title="Amolatar District">
Amolatar District

Amolatar District is a district in Northern Uganda. Like many other Ugandan districts, it is named after its main municipal and administrative centre, Amolatar Town.
Location.
Amolatar District is bordered by Apac District to the north, Dokolo District to the northeast, Kaberamaido District to the east, Buyende District to the southeast, Kayunga District to the south and Nakasongola District to the west. The administrative headquarters of the district at Amolatar, are located , by road, south of Lira, the largest city in the sub-region. This location lies about , by road, northeast of Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country. The coordinates of the district are:01 38N, 32 50E.
Overview.
Amolatar District was formed in 2005, when it was carved out of Lira District. The district is part of the Lango sub-region, together with the other seven districts listed below. The constituent districts of the Lango sub-region are:
1. Amolatar District 2. Alebtong District 3. Apac District 4. Dokolo District 5. Kole District 6. Lira District 7. Oyam District and 8. Otuke District.
In all, the district contains 346 villages, organized into 33 parishes. The district covers an area of approximately . Administratively, the district is divided into the following administrative units: (a) Amolatar Town Council (b) Muntu Sub-county: (c) Awelo Sub-county: (d) Namasale Sub-county: and (e) Aputi Sub-county: .
Population.
The 1991 national population census estimated the district population at about 68,500. The 2002 national census estimated the population of the district at approximately 96,200. The district population is growing at an estimated annual rate of 2.9%, between 2002 and 2012. It is estimated that the population of the district in 2012 was about 127,400. The table below illustrates numerically how the district population has grown during the first decade of the 21st century. All numbers are estimates.
Economic activities.
Subsistence agriculture, animal husbandry and commercial fishing from area lakes constitute the economic engine of the district. Crops grown include:
Livestock raised in the district includes: cattle, goats, chicken and turkeys.

</doc>
<doc id="9794278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794278" title="Isingiro District">
Isingiro District

Isingiro District is a district in Western Uganda. Like most Ugandan districts, it is named after its main municipal, administrative and commercial center of Isingiro, the location of the district headquarters.
Location.
Isingiro District is bordered by Kiruhura District to the north, Rakai District to the east, the Republic of Tanzania to the south, Ntungamo District to the west, and Mbarara District to the northwest. Isingiro, the 'chief town' of the district, is located approximately , by road, southeast of the city of Mbarara, the main metropolitan area in Ankole sub-region. The coordinates of the district are:00 50S, 30 50E.
Population.
The 1991 national population census estimated the population of the district at about 226,400. In 2002, the population of Isingiro District was recorded at approximately 316,000 with a population growth rate of approximately 3.0% annually. It is estimated that in 2012, the district population was about 420,200. The table below illustrates the trajectory of population growth in the district during the first decade of the 21st century. All figures are estimates.
Economic activities.
Agriculture is the mainstay of the district economy of Isingiro District. Crops grown include:
Prominent people.
Prominent people from the district include following:

</doc>
<doc id="9794286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794286" title="Kiruhura District">
Kiruhura District

Kiruhura District is a district in Western Uganda. It is named after its 'chief town' of Kiruhura, the location of the district headquarters.
Location.
Kiruhura District is bordered by Kamwenge District and Kyegegwa District to the north, Sembabule District to the northeast, Lyantonde District to the east, Rakai District to the southeast, Isingiro District to the south, Mbarara District to the southwest and Ibanda District to the northwest. The district headquarters at Kiruhura, are located approximately , by road, northeast of Mbarara, the largest town in the sub-region. The coordinates of the district are:00 12S, 31 00E.
Ankole sub-region.
The district is part of the larger Ankole sub-region, which is coterminus with the Ankole Kingdom, which is constitutionally recognised but is currently non-functional, as of May 2011. The sub-region was home to an estimated 2.2 million Banyankole in 2002, according to the national census conducted that year. The districts that compose Ankole sub-region include the following:
Overview.
The country home of the current president of Uganda, Yoweri Museveni, is located in Rwakitura, Nyabushozi County, in Kiruhura District. The Rwakitura home functions like an upcountry State House, when the president is visiting.
Population.
The 1991 national population census put the district population at about 140,950. Eleven years later, in 2002, the national census that year, estimated the population of Kiruhura District to be about 212,220, with an estimated annual growth rate of 3%. In 2012, the district population was estimated at about 300,800. The table below illustrates the trajectory of population growth in the district, during the first decade of the 21st century. All figures are estimates.
Economic activities.
Kiruhura District is a farming district. Livestock forms the backbone of economic activity in the district. The animals raised include:
Milk and meat are important products produced in the district. In 2006, it was estimated that the district produced in excess of 100,000 liters of milk daily. The produce is sold locally and also marketed to Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city, about to the east of Kiruhura District.
Amos Dairy (Uganda) Limited, a subsidiary of Amos Diary of India, is in the process of setting up a milk-processing plant at "Akageti" in Kiruhura District, with capacity to process in excess of 2 million litres of milk annually.

</doc>
<doc id="9794288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794288" title="Vitaly Tomilin">
Vitaly Tomilin

Vitaly Tomilin is a Russian ice hockey player. The second-best scorer for the Russian junior squad at the '93 IIHF World Junior Championships, Tomilin tallied two goals and added five assists in seven contests. The New Jersey Devils drafted the 19-year-old centre with their fourth pick in the '92 entry draft.

</doc>
<doc id="9794294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794294" title="Nakaseke District">
Nakaseke District

Nakaseke District is a district in Central Uganda. It is named after Nakaseke, the largest town in the district and the location of the district headquarters.
Location.
Nakaseke District is bordered by Nakasongola District to the north and northeast, Luweero District to the southeast, Wakiso District to the south, Mityana District to the southwest. Kiboga District and Kyankwanzi District lie to the west and Masindi District lies to the northwest. Nakasongola, the location of the district headquarters, lies approximately , by road, north of Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in the country. The coordinates of the district are:00 44N, 32 25E.
Overview.
Nakaseke District is divided into the following administrative units:
1. Kapeeka 2. Ngoma 3. Kinyogoga 4. Wakyaato 5. Nakaseke Town Council 6. Kaasangombe 7. Semuto and 8. Kikamulo.
It estimated that 59.2 percent of the Nakaseke District community is literate, which is largely limited to the local Luganda language. A Primary Teachers' Training College has been built in Nakaseke.
Nakaseke District has seven health units including a 100-bed public hospital, Nakaseke Hospital, administered by the Uganda Ministry of Health. Nakaseke Hospital is connected to other health units by a radio. There is also a community hospital at Kiwoko, Kiwoko Hospital, administrated by the Church of Uganda where there are five doctors, six medical assistants, 23 midwives and 33 nurses, as of 2010.
Access to clean water is possible through a network of boreholes and a protected springs. One the major health concerns is he high prevalence of HIV/AIDS in the district. , the prevalence rate of the disease in the district was estimated at about 8%, compared to he national average of 6.5%. Nakaseke District has the sixth-highest prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS in the entire country's 112 districts.
Population.
The 1991 Uganda national census estimated the population of Nakaseke District at about 93,800. The 2002 national census put the district population at about 137,300 inhabitants, with an annual growth rate of 3.3%. In 2012, the population of the district was estimated at approximately 191,100. The next national census is scheduled for August 2014.
Economic activity.
Farming is the main economic activity in the districts. Activities include the cultivation of coffee, maize, beans, bananas, cassava, sweet potatoes, vegetables such as tomatoes, cabbage and fruits including pineapples and mangoes. Fishing in the area swamps, raising of cattle (for meat and milk), goats and chicken are some of the activities carried out in the area. About 90 percent of the farmers use traditional farming methods and techniques. The produce finds ready market in Kampala.

</doc>
<doc id="9794303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794303" title="Mityana District">
Mityana District

Mityana District is a district in Central Uganda. The district was created in 2005, by taking the Mityana and Busujju counties from Mubende District. Like most Ugandan districts, it is named after its 'chief town' of Mityana.
Location.
Mityana District is bordered by Kiboga District to the north, Nakaseke District to the northeast, Wakiso District to the east, Mpigi District to the southeast, Butambala District and Gomba District to the south. Mubende District lies to the west of Mityana District. The district headquarters at Mityana, are located approximately , by road, west of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city. The coordinates of the district are:00 27N, 32 03E.
Population.
During the 1991 national population census, the district population was approximated 223,530. In 2002, the national census that year, the district had a population of approximately 266,110. In 2012, the district population was estimated at about 311,600.
Economic activity.
Agriculture is the main income-earning activity in the district. Like Mubende District, from which Mityana District was split, the crops grown include: (a) Sweet potatoes (b) Beans (c) Cassava (d) Maize (e) Bananas (f) Groundnuts (g) Onions (h) Cabbage (I) Tomatoes. Cash crops grown in the district include: (1) Coffee (2) Tea. There are several large-scale tea estates in the district, including Namutamba Tea Estate, located at Namutamba, and Mwera Tea Estate, located at Mwera and a member of the Madhvani Group.

</doc>
<doc id="9794307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794307" title="Solidarism">
Solidarism

Solidarism can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9794330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794330" title="Saschko Gawriloff">
Saschko Gawriloff

Saschko Gawriloff (born October 20, 1929) is a German violinist and violin teacher from Bulgarian descent.
Gawriloff was born in Leipzig and received his first violin lessons from his father Yordan Gavriloff, who was a violinist in the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra. He then studied with Walther Davisson, Gustav Havemann, and Martin Kovacz, the last of whom had been a pupil of David Oistrakh and Jenő Hubay. After completing his formal education, Gawriloff won many international awards for his performances, including a prize at the Paganini Competition and the Kulturförderpreis of the City of Nuremberg.
At various times, he has served as concertmaster with the Dresden Philharmonic, the Berlin Philharmonic, the Berlin Radio Symphony, the Frankfurt Opera, and the Hamburg Symphony. As a soloist, Gawriloff has played with many prestigious orchestras around the world, led by such conductors as Georg Solti, Pierre Boulez, Christoph von Dohnányi, Eliahu Inbal, Michael Gielen, Esa-Pekka Salonen, Markus Stenz, Peter Eötvös, Gary Bertini, and Alfred Schnittke. In 1992, in collaboration with the Ensemble Modern, Gawriloff gave the premiere of György Ligeti's Violin Concerto, which the composer had dedicated to him. The American premiere took place the next year with the Los Angeles Philharmonic under the baton of Esa-Pekka Salonen. Gawriloff performed the concerto another seventy times in the following decade.
In his teaching career, Gawriloff took his first post in Nuremberg, before becoming a professor at the Musikakademie Detmold in 1966, and going on to the Folkwangschule in Essen in 1969. He succeeded Max Rostal as Professor at the Hochschule für Musik Köln in 1982, remaining there until 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="9794337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794337" title="Yahya Ibn Ibrahim">
Yahya Ibn Ibrahim

Yahya Ibn Ibrahim (c. 440/1048) was a leader of the Banu Gudala tribe. Yahya Ibn Ibrahim's primary significance was in his involvement with Abdallah ibn Yasin, an African Muslim theologian who founded the Almoravid movement.
Background.
The Banu Gudala were a tribe of the Sanhaja. They lived closest to the coast, beyond the Banu Lamtuna. These tribes rose to proclaim the truth, to repel injustice and to abolish all non-canonical taxes (magharim). They were Sunnis, strict adherents the school of Malik bin Anas.
Abdallah ibn Yasin began to call people to Holy war and made them proclaim the truth.
As described by Al-Bakri Yahya Ibn Ibrahim went on the Pilgrimage to Mecca and during his return journey met a jurist (Abu Imran al-Fasi). Al-Fasi was interested in the religious doctrines and customs of Ibrahim's native country. Al-Fasi found Ibrahim "wholly ignorant, though avid to learn, full of good intentions and firm of faith" 
From Al- Bakri:
Abu Imran could not find anyone among those he deemed fit. So he sent Ibrahim to find Waggag Ibn Zalwi of the Maluksus Ibrahim followed Abu Imran's advice and visited Zalwi. Zalwi recommended a man called Abdallah ibn Yasin.
Fallout.
Abdallah ibn Yasin remained among the Banu Gudala, but considered their conduct sinful. They turned hostile to him later on because they found him too strict in his religious teachings. They refused to abide by hislegal opinions and counsel.
Yasin visited Waggag who took the following action:

</doc>
<doc id="9794340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794340" title="Controversy and Other Essays in Journalism">
Controversy and Other Essays in Journalism

Controversy and Other Essays in Journalism (1976) is a book of essays by American historian William Manchester. The "Controversy" in the title is taken from the circumstances surrounding the publication of his 1967 book The Death of a President. The Kennedy family, which had originally cooperated with Manchester, demanded that the author make changes in the manuscript prior to publication. In "Controversy", Manchester presents his own detailed account of the affair, which had generated newspaper headlines in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="9794353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794353" title="Negotiated cartelism">
Negotiated cartelism

Negotiated cartelism is a labor arrangement in which labor prices are held above the market clearing level through union leverage over employers.
Labor finds this desirable because it can point to the increased wages it offers as signs of its achievement, and labor receives more money. Capitalists may find this desirable because there are "worse alternatives," i.e., strikes, workplace disruptions, etc. Furthermore, it acts as a barrier to entry against upstart firms. If all firms are required to pay higher than normal wages, it is difficult to compete on price, and an employer can take out an undercutting competitor by encouraging strikes. In this arrangement, consumers of the industry lose.

</doc>
<doc id="9794359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794359" title="André Tylee">
André Tylee

André Tylee (born 1955) holds the Chair of Primary Care Mental Health at the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College London. He oversees the primary care research program for the Institute and for the Maudsley Hospital in London. As a general practitioner in Sutton, Surrey, his main research interest is the management of clinical depression in primary care.
He is also chair of the primary care program of the National Institute of Mental Health in the UK and holds an honorary chair in the Department of General Practice at Monash University.
Tylee is the founder of "Trailblazers," a training and leadership program in which general practitioners, nurses, and other primary care workers join a partner from a specialist mental health team to work on a project to improve their local mental health services. The program has over than 600 graduates in England and is being extended to the U.S., Australia, and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="9794378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794378" title="Second Nigerian Republic">
Second Nigerian Republic

The Second Republic was the republican government of Nigeria between 1979 and 1983 governed by the second republican constitution. 
Founding (1979).
Following the assassination of Nigerian military Head of State, General Murtala Mohammed in 1976, his successor General Olusegun Obasanjo initiated the transition process to terminate military rule in 1979. A new constitution was drafted, which saw the Westminster system of government (previously used in the First Republic) jettisoned for an American-style Presidential system. The 1979 constitution mandated that political parties and cabinet positions reflect the "federal character" of the nation — Political parties were required to be registered in at least two-thirds of the states, and each state was required to produce at least one cabinet member.
A constituent assembly was elected in 1977 to draft a new constitution, which was published on September 21, 1978, when the ban on political activity was lifted. In 1979, five political parties competed in a series of elections in which Alhaji Shehu Shagari of the National Party of Nigeria (NPN) was elected president. Obasanjo peacefully transferred power to Shagari, becoming the first head of state in Nigerian history to willingly step down. All five parties won representation in the National Assembly. In August 1983 Shagari and the NPN were returned to power in a landslide victory, with a majority of seats in the National Assembly and control of 12 state governments. But the elections were marred by violence and allegations of widespread vote rigging and electoral malfeasance led to legal battles over the results.
In the widely monitored 1979 election, Alhaji Shehu Shagari was elected on the NPN platform. On October 1, 1979, Shehu Shagari was sworn in as the first President and Commander-in-Chief of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
Political activism.
Tai Solarin, an educationist, mounted public podiums regularly, to speak-out in defiance of what he strongly felt were the negative views of the Second Republic government. Another such activist was Ayodele Awojobi, a professor of Mechanical Engineering, who filed several lawsuits and organised political rallies in protest of the Nigerian election results that returned Shehu Shagari, the incumbent, as President in the Second Republic - he strongly believed the results were widely rigged.
Overthrow.
On December 31, 1983, the military overthrew the Second Republic. Major General Muhammadu Buhari, the leader of the rebellion, cited charges of corruption and administrative incompetence as reasons for military intervention. He emerged as the leader of the Supreme Military Council (SMC), the country's new ruling body. President Shagari was placed under house arrest, and several of his cabinet members were either jailed or exiled. The Buhari government was peacefully overthrown by the SMC's third-ranking member General Ibrahim Babangida in August 1985. Babangida cited the misuse of power, violations of human rights by key officers of the SMC, and the government's failure to deal with the country's deepening economic crisis as justifications for the takeover. During his first days in office President Babangida moved to restore freedom of the press and to release political detainees being held without charge. As part of a 15-month economic emergency plan he announced pay cuts for the military, police, civil servants and the private sector. President Babangida demonstrated his intent to encourage public participation in decisionmaking by opening a national debate on proposed economic reform and recovery measures. The public response convinced Babangida of intense opposition to an economic recovery package dependent on an International Monetary Fund (IMF) loan.

</doc>
<doc id="9794388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794388" title="Mahmoud Farshidi">
Mahmoud Farshidi

Mahmoud Farshidi is an Iranian politician and the Minister of Education of Iran from 2005 to 2008. He was nominated for the post on the 2 November 2005 by president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. There was some controversy over the appointment due to his lack of experience. He was approved by the Iranian legislative on the 9 November by 136 votes to 91.
He is a former writer for the conservative "Resalat" newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="9794408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794408" title="Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews">
Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews

Microbiology and Molecular Biology Reviews is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Microbiology.
History.
The journal was established in 1937 as "Bacteriological Reviews" () and changed its name in 1978 to "Microbiological Reviews" (). It obtained its current title in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9794415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794415" title="Catwoman (disambiguation)">
Catwoman (disambiguation)

Catwoman is a DC comic book character.
Catwoman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9794422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794422" title="Apoyeque">
Apoyeque

Apoyeque is a pyroclastic shield, located in the Chiltepe Peninsula Natural Reserve in Nicaragua. It has a 2.8-km wide, 400-m-deep, lake-filled caldera.
Geography.
Apoyeque is a volcanic complex that formed and occuplies the Chiltepe Peninsula. It is part of the Chiltepe pyroclastic shield volcano, one of three ignimbrite shields on the Nicaraguan volcanic front.
The lake at its center, Apoyeque lake (Spanish: "Laguna de Apoyeque", also called "Laguna de Apoyaque", ), its shore 100 meters below the peak of the caldera, at its bottom reaches down to sea level.
Apoyeque, as well as the entire Chiltepe peninsula are part of the Managua administrative region, in close proximity to city of Managua, Nicaragua's capital.
Immediately Southeast of Apoyeque peak is the 2.5 x 3 kilometer wide lake-filled Xiloá (Jiloá) maar, a part of the Apoyeque complex.
Volcanology.
Apoyeque, with a volcanic explosivity index (VEI) of 6, the second highest, had one of the largest explosions known in history, last erupted in about 50 BC.
In addition to the Chiltepe dome (volcán Chiltepe), which is used synonymously with Apoyeque, the Apoyeque complex contains the Jiloa caldera (Laguna de Jiloa aka Xiloá), the Miraflores dome and the Cerro Talpetate dome.
An eruption of Laguna Xiloá 6100 years ago produced pumiceous pyroclastic flows that overlay similar deposits of similar age from Masaya.

</doc>
<doc id="9794423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794423" title="Pagurus novizealandiae">
Pagurus novizealandiae

Pagurus novizealandiae, or the New Zealand hermit crab is a hermit crab of the family Paguridae, endemic to New Zealand. Its body is up to wide.

</doc>
<doc id="9794428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794428" title="Danish Folketing election, 1947">
Danish Folketing election, 1947

Folketing elections were held in Denmark on 28 October 1947, except in the Faroe Islands where they were held on 18 February 1948. The Social Democratic Party remained the largest in the Folketing, with 57 of the 150 seats. Voter turnout was 85.8% in Denmark proper and 60.1% in the Faroes.
Electoral system changes.
Following legislation in December 1947 the representation of the Faroe Islands constituency was increased from one seat to two. The two seats were elected using proportional representation with the D'Hondt method.

</doc>
<doc id="9794429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794429" title="Portrait of a President">
Portrait of a President

Portrait of a President (1964) is William Manchester's description of U.S. President John F. Kennedy. It was written while Kennedy was still alive, and is based on Manchester's 1962 "Holiday" magazine article.

</doc>
<doc id="9794432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794432" title="DocuTech">
DocuTech

DocuTech is the name given to a line of electronic production-publishing systems produced by Xerox Corporation. DocuTech and Xerox are registered trademarks of Xerox Corporation.
The very first DocuTech system, known as the DocuTech Production Publisher was announced on October 2, 1990. Its 135 page-per minute, black & white, xerographic print engine and attached finisher module were largely based on ones previously developed for the Xerox 5090 Duplicator system (announced by Xerox in 1988). However, image generation in the DocuTech was performed using a digitally driven, dual-beam, Laser ROS (Raster Output Scanner) rather than by the light-lens optics and exposure lamps found in the "analog" 5090 system. The system's scanner module allowed document scanning in a number of modes including manually from the platen or automatically using a 23 page-per-minute recirculating document feeder. The scanner also had a semi-automatic side feeder which could be used to scan large originals and computer fan-fold (CFF) input. The entire system was controlled by an electronic sub-system (ESS) of a proprietary Xerox design. The ESS incorporated a large number of Xerox proprietary Mesa processors which were specifically designed for high-speed image processing, a large amount of memory, I/O control interfaces for communicating with the Printer and Scanner modules, as well as 3 disk drives which contained system software and space for storing images (including those for saved jobs). 
With its ability to digitally scan, edit and store documents for later retrieval, and also its ability to output stitched or tape-bound books, the DocuTech Production Publisher was arguably the first fully integrated "print-on-demand" publishing system. In fact, the Xerox DocuTech line of publishing systems is largely credited with establishing the "print-on-demand" industry.
In late 1991, Xerox re-branded the original DocuTech Production Publisher as the DocuTech Production Publisher Model 135 (DT135). This was done to distinguish it from the DocuTech Production Publisher Model 90 which the company anticipated announcing in 1992. The model numbers were chosen to reflect the speed page-per-minute print speeds of the two models. The controller and scanner where common for both models, but the Model 90 used a different print engine based on one developed for the previously announced Xerox 4090 printer.
The original DocuTech Production Publisher was capable of scanning and then printing black-and-white pages at up to 135 pages per minutes (for letter or A4 sizes) with an output resolution of 600 x 600 dots per inch (dpi). Scanned documents could be saved to a special memory area on disk known as the "Save Queue" where they could be retained, edited if desired (using the built in editor), and later printed "on demand". The system was also capable of printing on sheet sizes up to 11x17 inches (or A3 size). Another important feature of this earliest DocuTech was its ability to perform signature imposition and generate "2-up signatures" (later 4-up was added) in the proper page imposition order to create signature booklets. (note: Folding, trimming, and stitching of booklets was done by an optional accessory known as a C.P. Bourg Signature Booklet Maker or SBM-1, which could be attached in-line to the system's output finisher.)
In June 1992 Xerox announced the DocuTech 135 Network Publisher which augmented the earlier DocuTech's capability by enabling it to receive and print documents transmitted over a network. Although this system's network connectivity was limited to Xerox's proprietary XNS network, a DocuTech Network Server was also offered which enabled the now growing family of DocuTech Publishing Systems to be utilized with a broader set of networks.
The DocuTech 6135 is an improved version of the DT135, with a Sun Microsystems workstation controller replacing the original controller and scanner. Additional improvements include an optional VLD laser assembly, increasing the print resolution to 600 x 1200 dpi.
The DocuTech system's main competitor in the field of print-on-demand production plant is IBM's InfoPrint system. In addition, there are a number of other competitors in the field, led by the Kodak Digimaster Production Printer, which is sold under a number of different brand names. Xerox retired the original DocuTech 1xx platform in favor of the DocuTech 61xx and Nuvera systems (originally introduced as the DocuTech 100/120 Copier/Printer).

</doc>
<doc id="9794433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794433" title="William Lloyd George, 3rd Viscount Tenby">
William Lloyd George, 3rd Viscount Tenby

William Lloyd George, 3rd Viscount Tenby (born 7 November 1927) is a British peer, soldier and JP. He is one of the ninety hereditary peers in the House of Lords elected to remain after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999. 
Lord Tenby is the son of Gwilym Lloyd George, 1st Viscount Tenby, and Edna Gwenfrom Jones. His father was a National Liberal politician who served as Home Secretary under Winston Churchill and Anthony Eden. (The 3rd) Lord Tenby's paternal grandfather was David Lloyd George (later The Earl Lloyd-George of Dwyfor), the British Liberal Prime Minister 1916–1922, who also served as Chancellor of the Exchequer 1908–1915; thus he and his heir are in remainder to that earldom too. Ironically, David Lloyd George's 1909 Budget, which was rejected out of hand by the House of Lords, paved the way for reform of that House. 
He was educated at Eastbourne College and at St Catharine's College, Cambridge, where he read History and graduated as a Bachelor of Arts in 1949. In 1983, he succeeded his elder brother to the title. Tenby had previously served in the Royal Welch Fusiliers, advancing to the rank of Captain. 
In July 1955, the 1st Viscount Tenby became the last Home Secretary to authorise the execution of a woman in the United Kingdom, Ruth Ellis. Ultimately, citing precedence and the law of the time, Tenby authorised the execution, despite some public opposition.
Tenby worked as editorial assistant for Herbert Jenkins Ltd from 1951–1954, and in the advertisement department of Associated Newspapers from 1954–1957. Between 1957–1974, he was group advertising manager of United Dominions Trust Ltd, and from 1974–1987, as PR adviser to the Chairman of Kleinwort Benson Ltd. 
In 1985, he became consultant to the Williams Lea Group until 1993. He was director of Ugland International plc from 1993–1995. He is Chairman of the Trustees of Byways Residential Home and President of the Aldershot Group Riding for the Disabled. Tenby served as President of the Campaign for Rural England (CPRE Hants) between 1985-2001.
Since 1955, Lord Tenby has been married to Ursula Diana Ethel Medlicott, daughter of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Edward Medlicott DSO. They have two daughters and one son: The Hon Clare, Sarah and Timothy Lloyd George. 

</doc>
<doc id="9794480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794480" title="A Son of the People">
A Son of the People

A Son of the People, a book by Baroness Orczy, is 'a romance of the plains', set in her native Hungary. Orczy used scenes from her own childhood when writing, describing the house in Tarna-Örs in which she born and the life of the territorial magnates of Hungary with which she had been familiar.
Orczy claims in her autobiography that the love story woven into the plot actually occurred in the next village to Tarna-Örs, and the daughter of the territorial noble who owned that property did actually marry a highly educated and rich peasant who had fallen desperately in love with her.
Her father had been brought to financial disaster through the same agrarian troubles that had nearly ruined Orczy's own father, and he gave a reluctant consent to the incongruous marriage.
It was first published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="9794485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794485" title="Johnny Sheppard">
Johnny Sheppard

Joseph John Oswald "Jake" Sheppard (July 23, 1903 – August 28, 1969) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played nine seasons in the National Hockey League with the Detroit Cougars, New York Americans, Boston Bruins and Chicago Black Hawks from 1926 to 1934.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Sheppard began his career with the Selkirk Jr. Fisherman of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League and Edmonton Eskimos of the Western Canada Hockey League. He joined the Detroit Cougars in the team's inaugural season of 1926–27, in which he played 43 games and led the team in goals (13), assists (8), points (21), and penalty minutes (60). On November 22, 1927, Sheppard scored the first goal at the new Detroit Olympia against Ottawa Senators' goaltender Alex Connell.
Sheppard was traded to the New York Americans, where he played five seasons and posted career highs in goals (17 in 1932–33) and points (29 in 1929–30). He also played for the Bronx Tigers of the Canadian-American Hockey League in 1931–32. Before his final NHL season in 1933–34, Sheppard was traded from the Americans to the Bruins, who released him after four games. He signed with the Black Hawks and helped the team win the Stanley Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9794496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794496" title="Nayar clan">
Nayar clan

Nayyar is a surname from the region of Punjab, India. The people who bear the name are Khatris belonging to the Sareen sub-group. The surname Nayyar drives basic origin from Kunjah in Gujrat District of Western Punjab (Now Pakistan) abutting to River Chenab area. A large number of Nayyars come from the Jalandhar District (a large number of them still live in Nurmahal in a region named "Nijjaran" Mohalla, and Ludhiana and Dasuya ( Distt Hoshiarpur)of Eastern Punjab. " The "JATHERE" of Nayyar's is situated at cheema road, Noormahal also known as sati Mata Mandir. Nayyars can also be Kshatriyas. Late Captain Anuj Nayyar fought for India and is a war hero who will always be remembered. 
Village historians say that Nayyars were originally Nijjars and Khatri Nijjar's changed their name to "Nayyar" under the suggestion of the British to distinguish themselves from Jatt Nijjars.

</doc>
<doc id="9794507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794507" title="London Buses route 105">
London Buses route 105

London Buses route 105 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London, England. Running between Heathrow Airport Central bus station and Greenford station, it is operated by Metroline.
History.
Route 105 commenced operation on 4 March 1936 between Shepherd's Bush and Hounslow Heath (The Hussar) via Wood Lane, East Acton, Western Avenue, Park Royal, Perivale, Greenford, Southall, Heston and Hounslow Central. It replaced route 93 between Shepherds Bush and Southall as well as route 120 between Southall and Hounslow.
By 1949, the section between Heston and Hounslow had been withdrawn and the route now terminated at Hayes station.
In 1959, route 105 was extended from Hayes station to Hayes North, but in 1965 this section between was replaced by new route 195. In September 1968, however, this route was withdrawn and rote 105 replaced it, thus gaining a further extension to Charville Lane Estate. Then, in December 1971, route 195 was re-introduced, and route 105 was curtailed to Southall.
In 1973, route 105 was extended from Southall to Heathrow Airport Central bus station, replacing route 83. When Terminal 4 opened in 1986, the route was further extended to there, but this lasted only three years. Also in 1986 Southall (HW) garage, from which the 105 had largely operated since its introduction, closed, and the route's allocation - at the time consisting of MCW Metrobuses - was transferred to nearby Hanwell (HL) garage.
In 1992, by which time route 105 had come under the operation of the London Buses subsidiary CentreWest, the route was split with the Shepherd's Bush to Southall section renumbered as route 95. As a result, route105 now terminated at Greenford. The following year, Hanwell garage also closed, with route 105s moving to Alperton garage. In March 1995, the route was converted to minibus operation using Alexander bodied Mercedes-Benz 811Ds, though Metrobuses continued to appear occasionally.
In April 1996, the now-privatised CentreWest lost route 105 upon re-tender to London & Country, who ordered a dozen Plaxton Pointer bodied Dennis Dart SLFs - among the first in London - for the route. Just seven months later, however, London & Country surrendered the contract due to difficulties, and CentreWest duly regained route 105, again operating from Alperton garage, but taking the London & Country Dennis Darts on loan.
Also in 1996, CentreWest took over Southall-based London Buslines, and when both companies were acquired by FirstGroup the following year, the 105 was given to the latter to operate. The loaned London & Country Dennis Darts were duly replaced by long Marshall Capital bodied examples in yellow and brown skirt livery. However, First London then decided to wind down the London Buslines operation, and on 30 June 2001, the 105 was transferred back to CentreWest at Greenford, and converted back to double-deck operation using Plaxton President bodied Dennis Trident 2s.
Route 105 became a 24-hour service in April 2004. Upon being re-tendered, on 2 July 2011 it passed to Metroline with new Wright Eclipse Gemini 2 bodied Volvo B9TLs and was diverted between Harlington Corner and Heathrow Central via route 111, instead of via Compass Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="9794510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794510" title="Petőfibánya">
Petőfibánya

Petőfibánya (formerly "Pernyepuszta, Pernyebánya)" is a village in Hungary, Heves county, near Hatvan. It has a population of 3118 (2002).
Geography.
Petőfibánya is situated 15 km from Hatvan, in the Mátraalja microregion, among the foothills of the Mátra mountain range. The town was built by the Lőrinci-Rózsaszentmárton highway, not far from the River Zagyva.
History.
Petőfibánya is a small planned city established between 1945 and 1965. Originally there was a small settlement on the site called Pernyepuszta. A coal mine was established in 1942 and exploitation of the local lignite reserves began in October 1945. The settlement was renamed to Pernyebánya that year, and Petőfibánya in 1948 ("bánya" means "mine" in Hungarian).
The mine was operated by the Petőfi Mining Company that built a power plant in nearby Lőrinci. Petőfibánya was part of Lőrinci until 1989 when it became an independent municipality. The mining company also established a mining machine plant in Petőfibánya. Other industrial activities appeared later. The town was given its present name after the state owned company which bore the name of Sándor Petőfi, the national poet of Hungarians.
In the 1950s and 1960s block houses and public buildings were erected in the typical Socialist realist style of the era. Petőfibánya never became an important industrial city because lignite mining halted in the middle of the 1960s. The development of the town came to an abrupt end.
The economic consequences of the 1989 change hit hard Petőfibánya. In the 1990s unemployment was more than 30 percent and many people left the town. Today Petőfibánya is a quiet backwater and a strange "open-air museum" of the 1950s urban planning policies.

</doc>
<doc id="9794533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794533" title="Mġarr ix-Xini">
Mġarr ix-Xini

Mgarr ix-Xini (or L-Imġarr ix-Xini), is reputed to be one of the harbours used by the Knight's galleys, and lies in a gorge accessible from Xewkija and Sannat in Gozo, Malta. This secluded spot is ideal for swimming and very attractive to divers. One can dive to the purposely wrecked ferry Xlendi even from this bay. Drive to the parish church of Xewkija and follow the signs from there. It takes a while until you get to the bottom of the valley.

</doc>
<doc id="9794555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9794555" title="Internal Security Act (Singapore)">
Internal Security Act (Singapore)

The Internal Security Act (ISA) of Singapore () is a statute that grants the executive power to enforce preventive detention, prevent subversion, suppress organized violence against persons and property, and do other things incidental to the internal security of Singapore. The present Act was originally enacted by the Parliament of Malaysia as the Internal Security Act 1960 (No. 18 of 1960), and extended to Singapore on 16 September 1963 when Singapore was a state of the Federation of Malaysia.
Before a person can be detained under the ISA by the Minister for Home Affairs, the President must be satisfied that such detention is necessary for the purposes of national security or public order. In the landmark case of "Chng Suan Tze v. Minister for Home Affairs" (1988), the Court of Appeal sought to impose legal limits on the power of preventive detention by requiring the Government to adduce objective facts which justified the President's satisfaction. Two months after the decision, a series of legislative and constitutional amendments was enacted that effectively reversed the "Chng Suan Tze" decision. These amendments were subsequently confirmed to be valid by the High Court and Court of Appeal in "Teo Soh Lung v. Minister for Home Affairs" (1989–1990), which held it is sufficient for the President to be subjectively satisfied that a detainee is a threat to national security in order for a detention order to be issued under the ISA. Notable ISA cases include Operation Coldstore in 1963 which led to the arrest of some 100 left-wing politicians and trade unionists, including members of the socialist opposition party, the Barisan Sosialis. Chia Thye Poh, an alleged Communist, was detained and subject to other restrictions on his liberty under the ISA from 1966 to 1998. The "Chng Suan Tze" and "Teo Soh Lung" cases resulted from a 1987 security operation called Operation Spectrum in which 22 Roman Catholic church and social activists and professionals accused of being members of a Marxist conspiracy were detained under the ISA.
The ISA also empowers the authorities to prohibit political and quasi-military organizations, ban subversive documents and publications, shut down entertainments and exhibitions that are or are likely to be detrimental to the national interest, and to suppress organized violence by declaring parts of Singapore to be security areas.
History and developments.
British colonial Malaya introduced the Emergency Regulations Ordinance 1948 on 7 July 1948 during the Malayan Emergency in response to a Communist uprising and guerrilla war. The regulations allowed the police to arrest anybody suspected of having acted or being likely to act in a way that would threaten security without evidence or a warrant, hold them incommunicado for investigation, and detain them indefinitely without the detainee ever being charged with a crime or tried in a court of law.
The successor to the Emergency Regulations Ordinance, the Preservation of Public Security Ordinance 1955 ("PPSO"), was introduced a result of the 1955 Hock Lee bus riots by the Labour Party government in Singapore. There was strong opposition to the PPSO by the party then in opposition, the People's Action Party ("PAP"). In 1958, Lee Kuan Yew of the PAP accused the Lim Yew Hock government of using the PPSO to stifle political dissent.
In 1960, three years after Malaya's independence, the Emergency was declared over. However, the Malayan Internal Security Act 1960 ("ISA") was passed in place of the PPSO with much of the same powers. During parliamentary debates on the Act, Malayan Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman stated that the ISA would only be applied against only the remaining Communist insurgents. The Malayan Communist Party and its insurgents eventually surrendered in 1989. Nonetheless, the ISA was retained in Malaysia.
The drafter of the Malayan ISA was Hugh Hickling, a British lawyer, author and professor. In 1989, he commented that he "could not imagine then that the time would come when the power of detention, carefully and deliberately interlocked with Article 149 of the Constitution, would be used against political opponents, welfare workers and others dedicated to nonviolent, peaceful activities". Nonetheless, he commented that he supported review of the ISA but it was not for him to say if the law should be scrapped, as "you've got a multi-racial society Malaysia in which emotions can run high very quickly".
When Singapore joined the Federation of Malaya in 1963, the Malayan ISA was extended to Singapore. The Act was retained in Singapore even after its separation from Malaysia in 1965. The current version of the Act is known as Chapter 143 of the 1985 Revised Edition. In September 2011, the debate over whether the ISA should be retained was re-opened after Malaysia announced that it was considering repealing the ISA. Prime Minister Najib Razak stated that the Act would be abolished and replaced by new laws to safeguard peace and order.
The legitimacy and relevance of the ISA were subsequently debated by former ISA detainees, the Singapore Government, and others. Member of Parliament for Pasir Ris–Punggol Group Representation Constituency, Dr. Janil Puthucheary, commented in Parliament on 18 August 2011 that "while he felt it inappropriate to detain a citizen without trial, he is convinced by the hard logic that the safety and security of Singapore must be paramount". However, he agreed that there needed to be more safeguards to prevent abuse of the ISA and that "the ISA needs to be discussed in a more transparent manner, even as the facts associated with a given detainee need to be kept secret".
The following day, 19 October 2011, Deputy Prime Minister, Coordinating Minister for National Security and Minister for Home Affairs Teo Chee Hean explained the relevance of the ISA and its powers of preventive detention. He noted that in the 1960s preventive detention was primarily used to counter the subversive Communist threat posed by the Malayan Communist Party which was hiding within legal organizations. For the past two decades, though, preventive detention has helped safeguard Singapore's national security by countering threats posed by espionage and terrorism. Preventive detention allows for a comprehensive assessment of a threat, as opposed to a criminal case tried before a court which requires the court to consider only the specific acts that relate to the charge. Detaining those who have not yet committed overt deeds that warrant prosecution also allows pre-emptive action to be taken to neutralize threats before they materialize into actual harm. In addition, the Minister said that detention without trial is preferable in situations where open prosecutions in court are not practicable due to the confidentiality of certain intelligence. Such intelligence might have been obtained through foreign security agencies on the understanding that the source and details would not be disclosed to an open court. What is more, disclosure of confidential intelligence could compromise ongoing or future operations through the revelation of existing sources and methods of intelligence gathering. However, if confidential information were withheld from the court, a criminal case could be weakened due to evidential requirements, which may result in the acquittal of an otherwise guilty accused. Finally, court proceedings may stall investigations as part of a broader network, and could exacerbate situations where communal sensitivities are involved.
Opposition political parties in Singapore have called for the ISA to be abolished. In its manifesto for the 2011 general election, the Workers' Party said that specific anti-terrorism and anti-espionage laws, which allow arrests and detention without trial only under strict conditions, should be enacted to replace the ISA. The National Solidarity Party took a similar stance in February 2013.
Legislative authority for enactment.
The legislative authority for the enactment of the ISA is Article 149 of the Constitution of Singapore, which appears in Part XII ("Special Powers against Subversion and Emergency Powers"). Entitled "Legislation against subversion", Article 149 states:
To satisfy the requirements of Article 149(1), the preamble to the Malaysian ISA, which has been retained in Singapore's ISA, contains the following recital:
Provisions relating to internal security.
Part II of the ISA, the first substantive part of the Act, contains provisions relating to internal security. It is divided into six chapters:
Prohibition of political or quasi-military organizations.
Chapter I of Part II of the ISA empowers the Minister for Home Affairs to take action against political or quasi-military organizations and associations. It is a criminal offence to be a member or adherent of any association of persons who are organized, trained or equipped to enable them to be employed "in usurping the functions of the police or of the Singapore Armed Forces" or "for the purpose of enabling them to be employed for the use or display of physical force in promoting any political or other object, or in such a manner as to arouse reasonable apprehension that they are organised or trained or equipped for that purpose". It is a more serious crime to promote or conspire with someone else to promote, or to participate in the control or management of, the association, or to organize or train any member or adherent of the association.
The Minister is empowered to prohibit any uniform or dress to be worn in public by members or adherents of a political or quasi-military association involved in the activities mentioned in the previous paragraph, or any uniform or dress indicating an association with a political organization or with the promotion of a political object. Wearing such a uniform or dress in contravention of the Minister's order is an offence. In addition, if the Minister considers it to be in the national interest to do, he may prohibit the "manufacture, sale, use, wearing, display or possession of any flag, banner, badge, emblem, device, uniform or distinctive dress or any part thereof". Currently, the only emblem or device that is prohibited is one "in the form of a 5-pointed red star or a hammer and sickle in circumstances which raise a reasonable presumption that the emblem or device was intended or was likely to be used in a manner prejudicial to the interests of Singapore or to promote or foster a purpose prejudicial to or incompatible with peace, welfare or good order in Singapore".
It is a crime for a person to be present at or to attend any meeting or assembly organized for the participants to train or drill themselves or to be trained or drilled "in the use of arms ... or for the purpose of practising military exercises, movements or evolutions". It is also a crime to train or drill other people in these manners or to take part in the control or management of an association whose members are so trained. The prohibition does not apply to members of the Singapore Armed Forces, the police, a legally constituted volunteer or local force, a visiting force lawfully present in the country, or any organization or association exempted by the Minister.
Preventive detention.
Chapter II of Part II of the ISA, which allows for preventive detention (also known as detention without trial), is the most conspicuous feature of the Act. It confers on the executive a discretionary power to arrest and detain without trial, when necessary, a person with a view to prevent "that person from acting in any manner prejudicial to the security of Singapore or any part thereof or to the maintenance of public order or essential services therein". For the purposes of this provision, "essential services" means services relating to water, electricity, public health, fire, prisons, post, telephony, telegraphy, radiocommunication (including broadcasting and television), ports, docks, harbours, public transport, and the bulk distribution of fuel and lubricants.
Instead of detaining a person for the purposes mentioned above, the executive may impose other restrictions upon the person's liberty such as curfews, requiring the reporting of his or her movements, prohibiting the person from speaking at public meetings or taking part in political activities, and travelling beyond Singapore or any part of the country.
Procedure.
Before detention.
Before a person can be detained under the ISA, the President must be satisfied that such detention is necessary for the purposes of national security or public order. This is a precondition for the valid exercise by the Minister for Home Affairs of the power to order the detention. The detention order is supplemented by section 74 of the ISA which empowers the police to arrest and detain any person pending enquiries without a warrant under section 8.
Initial detention.
Once an individual has been detained, there are administrative processes which the executive is required to follow under sections 9, 11 and 12 of the Act. The detainee is to be informed of the grounds of detention as soon as possible, unless their disclosure is against the national interest. He or she is to be served with a copy of the detention order as well as the grounds and allegations of fact on which the detention order was made.
The detainee is also to be informed within 14 days of his or her right to make representations against the order to an advisory board, which is required to hear and consider the detainee's representations. Each advisory board is chaired by a Supreme Court judge appointed by the President, and has two other members appointed by the President in consultation with the Chief Justice. The board has the powers of a court to summon and examine witnesses, and to order that documents be produced. It evaluates the evidence and must make recommendations to the President concerning the matter within three months of the date of detention. When the advisory board recommends the release of the detainee against the Minister's decision, the President exercises personal discretion whether the detainee should be released. Before exercising his discretion, the President is required to consult the Council of Presidential Advisers.
Non-citizens detained under the ISA do not have a right to make representations to an advisory board. They may, within two months from the date of the detention order, make written representations to the Minister. The Minister may, but is not bound to, refer the representations to an advisory board. Any decision on such representations by the Minister is final and cannot be called into question in any court. The burden of proving that a person is a citizen lies on the person claiming to be one, and again the Minister's decision on the matter is final.
Extension and suspension of detention.
The initial order of the Minister for Home Affairs may direct that an individual be detained for up to two years. This may be further extended by directions issued by the President for further periods of up to two years at a time. The Minister is empowered with discretion to suspend a detention order, but also has the authority to revoke the suspension at any time, which reactivates the detention order. Detention orders must be reviewed at least once every 12 months by an advisory board which thereafter makes its recommendation to the Minister. If an advisory board recommends the release of a detainee and the Minister disagrees, the President may exercise personal discretion to order the release. The requirement for regular reviews of detention orders does not apply to detainees who are not citizens. When a detention order is extended, the Minister is not required to provide the detainee with the grounds justifying the extension order or give the detainee an opportunity to appeal against the extension.
Scope of judicial review of ISA orders.
Under administrative law, judicial review is an exercise in which the High Court scrutinizes the executive's decisions and orders to ensure that they conform with the law. If the decisions and orders are not authorized by statute or if they have been made in contravention of administrative law principles, the Court can invalidate them. Similarly, if any exercise of power by an executive body contravenes the Constitution, the Court has a duty to declare it invalid. With regards to the ISA and the powers to detain without trial, the scope of judicial review was subject to a succession of changes between 1988 and 1990. These changes revolved around the issue of whether the discretion of the President and the Home Affairs Minister should be assessed objectively or subjectively. During that period, the scope of judicial review was expanded by common law developments but was subsequently curtailed by legislative and constitutional amendments.
Before 1988: "Lee Mau Seng v. Minister for Home Affairs".
Prior to 1988, the Singapore case of "Lee Mau Seng v. Minister for Home Affairs" (1971) was authority for the application of the subjective discretion test for judicial review of executive power exercised under the ISA. The subjective test precludes the court from inquiring into the facts and grounds that are relied upon by the executive body in exercising its discretion. It is based on the literal interpretation of the words "f the President is satisfied" that appear in section 8 of the ISA, such that no more is required than the subjective satisfaction of the President. This reasoning applies similarly to section 10 of the ISA, which requires the Minister's satisfaction for the suspension of detention orders.
1988–1989: "Chng Suan Tze v. Minister for Home Affairs".
In the case of "Chng Suan Tze v. Minister for Home Affairs" (1988), the Court of Appeal expanded the scope of judicial review by adopting an objective test when reviewing the exercise of executive discretion. In contrast to the subjective test, the objective test permits the court to examine whether the decision-maker's satisfaction was based on objective facts which fell within the scope of the purposes specified by the ISA. The subjective satisfaction or mere "ipse dixit" of the executive body is insufficient. However, the adoption of this objective test was only part of the "obiter dicta" of the case. The "ratio decidendi" of the case was based on narrower technical grounds.
The subjective test was rejected for several reasons by the Court of Appeal. It held that applying the subjective test to sections 8 and 10 of the ISA would render the provisions unconstitutional. The word "law" in Article 12(1) of the Constitution was held in "Ong Ah Chuan v. Public Prosecutor" (1980) to encompass fundamental rules of natural justice. Hence, Parliament cannot pass legislation which authorizes the executive to exercise power in breach of these fundamental rules or to exercise power in an arbitrary manner. If the subjective test were to be adopted, it would in effect allow the executive to exercise arbitrary powers of detention, therefore rendering sections 8 and 10 of the ISA inconsistent with Article 12(1). When the case was decided, Article 149(1) of the Constitution, which protects the validity of anti-subversion laws notwithstanding inconsistencies with specified fundamental liberties, did not cover inconsistencies with Article 12. Also, the Court noted that adopting the objective test would be consistent with Article 93 of the Constitution, which vests judicial power in the courts. It did not, however, directly address the argument by counsel that the subjective test, in conferring arbitrary powers of detention, would be inconsistent with Article 93.
Further, the Court rejected the subjective test on the basis that "the notion of a subjective or unfettered discretion is contrary to the rule of law". The rule of law requires the courts to examine the exercise of discretionary power and ensure that executive power is exercised within its legal limits.
The Court of Appeal also held that legal precedents from other Commonwealth jurisdictions supported a rejection of the subjective test in favour of the objective test. The subjective test was applied in "Liversidge v. Anderson" (1941) and subsequently affirmed in "Greene v. Secretary of State for Home Affairs" (1941). However, these decisions had been departed from in subsequent decisions by the Privy Council and House of Lords. These courts had rejected the subjective test applied by the majority in "Liversidge", preferring the objective test applied by Lord Atkin in his dissenting judgment. In the light of these developments, the Malaysian case of "Karam Singh v. Menteri Hal Ehwal Dalam Negeri (Minister for Home Affairs), Malaysia" (1969), which had applied the test in "Liversidge" and which the respondents' counsel had relied on in support of the subjective test, could no longer be considered good law. Additionally, "Teh Cheng Poh v. Public Prosecutor" (1978) decided by the Privy Council on appeal from Malaysia, was referred to by the Court in support of the objective test. The case concerned the exercise of discretionary power under the Malaysian Internal Security Act, which the ISA of Singapore is derived from.
Although sections 8 and 10 of the ISA concern matters of national security, the Court held that this concern does not preclude the objective review of executive discretion. Following the case of "Council of Civil Service Unions v. Minister for the Civil Service" (1983), the Court of Appeal decided that it is up to the courts to determine whether a decision is in fact based on grounds of national security. Similarly, it should also be within the court's purview to determine whether the matters relied upon in exercising powers under the ISA fall within the scope of purposes specified by sections 8 and 10.
1989 amendments and "Teo Soh Lung v. Minister for Home Affairs".
Parliament subsequently passed the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (Amendment) Act 1989 and the Internal Security (Amendment) Act 1989. They took effect on 27 and 30 January 1989 respectively. Section 8B(1) of the amended ISA provides that the law pertaining to the judicial review of decisions made by the President or the Minister was restored to the legal position applicable in Singapore on 13 July 1971, the date when "Lee Mau Seng" was decided. In "Teo Soh Lung v. Minister for Home Affairs" (1990), the Court of Appeal held that these amendments reinstated the legal position set out in "Lee Mau Seng" as the applicable law governing judicial review in Singapore, thus prompting a return to the subjective test in reviewing the exercise of executive discretion under the ISA.
The possible inconsistencies the subjective test had with respect to Articles 12 and 93 of the Constitution were sought to be resolved with the passing of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (Amendment) Act 1989. Article 149(1) was amended to shield any anti-subversion laws enacted pursuant to this provision from inconsistency with Articles 11 and 12. This was in addition to Articles 9, 13 and 14 which had already been present in Article 149(1) before the amendment. Furthermore, a new Article 149(3) provided that nothing in Article 93 would invalidate any provisions that were enacted pursuant to Article 149. Hence, the ruling in "Chng Suan Tze" that the subjective test was inconsistent with the Constitution was legislatively reversed, and the subjective test was restored as the valid and relevant law in Singapore. 
The Internal Security (Amendment) Act 1989 also introduced section 8B(2), which is an ouster clause providing that no judicial review of orders made under the ISA shall be available save in relation to questions relating to the procedural requirements of the ISA. In "Teo Soh Lung", the Court of Appeal held that it was not necessary for it to decide if the subjective test in "Lee Mau Seng" precluded judicial review in the case. Hence, the position remains to be confirmed by the courts. In addition, the Court decided that it was unnecessary to consider the effect of section 8B(2) on issues not related to national security and the constitutionality of the 1989 amendments to the ISA.
Parliament also introduced into the ISA section 8D, which dictates that the Internal Security (Amendment) Act 1989 is to be applied retrospectively to proceedings instituted "before or after" 30 January 1989. Article 11(1) of the Constitution states: "No person shall be punished for an act or omission which was not punishable by law when it was done or made, and no person shall suffer greater punishment for an offence than was prescribed by law at the time it was committed." Though the 1989 amendments to the ISA did not retrospectively introduce any criminal offences, the legislature saw fit to amend Article 149(1) by inserting a reference to Article 11 to forestall any possible arguments on section 8D's inconsistency with the Article. As the Minister for Law S. Jayakumar said in Parliament: "The reference to Article 11 is necessary to ensure the retrospective application of the Internal Security (Amendment) Bill is not challenged."
The test for judicial review on matters not relating to the ISA remains the objective test. In "Kamal Jit Singh v. Minister for Home Affairs" (1992), the High Court held that validity of detention under the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act is not dependent on the Minister's subjective satisfaction. Rather, the Minister must be objectively satisfied that the person was associated with criminal activities.
Academic views.
"Mala fides" situations.
While the current law in Singapore holds that the Home Affairs Minister's decision is subjective and not judicially reviewable, there is uncertainty whether there are exceptional situations in which the courts may still step in to practice judicial review even though the ISA deals with national security matters. A possible exception is when the Minister's decision was made "mala fides", that is, in bad faith. Such decisions would involve the clear abuse of power, such as being "detained solely for having red hair or for failing a professional examination or for having acted as a lawyer against the Government".
However, the law on this issue is presently unclear. In "Lee Mau Seng", the High Court said that "mala fides" was not a justiciable issue in relation to the ISA. A similar stance was taken in Malaysia in "Karam Singh". However, in "Teo Soh Lung" the Court of Appeal said that it did not need to decide whether "Lee Mau Seng" has precluded judicial review in "mala fides" situations until a case with a "mala fides" factual situation arises. Furthermore, there is an increasing number of Malaysian cases reflecting "a gradual recognition that ... indicate a retreat from the purely subjective approach".
In response to the harshness of the rule in "Lee Mau Seng", academics have offered several suggestions for circumventing it. One is that the definition of "mala fides" used by the courts in "Lee Mau Seng" is actually unreasonableness and not "mala fides" in the narrow sense of dishonesty or bad faith. In "Cannock Chase District Council v. Kelly" (1977), Lord Justice Megaw asserted that bad faith is "dishonesty" and "always involves a grave charge". This contrasts with the meaning of "mala fides" in "Lee Mau Seng" which includes situations of carelessness or vagueness. Thus, an allegation of bad faith in the narrow sense could permit review by the courts.
Freezing of the common law.
After the 1989 amendments to the Constitution and the ISA, there was academic discourse on the effect of section 8B(1) on the future development of the common law. The amendments merely caused a time warp in the common law, taking it back to 1971. As they did not amount to a codifying or declaratory Act seeking to replace the common law of judicial review, there is uncertainty whether the courts may continue to develop the common law and move away from the legal position laid down in "Lee Mau Seng". Michael Rutter has asserted that the common law can indeed continue to change. While the Parliament has the power to turn the clock back, "the Parliament is powerless to stop the clock from running" and "as soon as the clock is placed back in the hands of the judiciary, the hands might race forward again".
Such a stance has wide implications: the High Court and Court of Appeal would not be bound by "Lee Mau Seng". They could rule that situations involving "mala fides" are judicially reviewable, or completely re-adopt the legal position stated in "Chng Suan Tze". The justification is that "if Parliament intended to render judiciary law impossible, it has only to issue its laws in a more detailed shape, so that in the vast complexity of human affairs there may always be at hand a rule sufficiently precise and definite to meet each particular case".
Validity of ouster clause.
Another issue that has undergone academic scrutiny is the nature of section 8B(2) as an ouster clause. An ouster clause is an objectively worded provision which is drafted to exclude the jurisdiction of the courts. 
In "Teo Soh Lung", the Court of Appeal declined to address the constitutionality of section 8B and, in particular, how section 8B(2) should be interpreted. Michael Hor has described the judiciary's reluctance to address these points as "an elegant piece of judicial 'kung fu'" in which it chose to evade the problem. In a lecture to law students in 2010, Chief Justice Chan Sek Keong commented that, in general, "ouster clauses may be inconsistent with Article 93 of the Constitution, which vests the judicial power of Singapore in the Supreme Court", though he expressed no concluded opinion on the matter. However, it seems unlikely that Article 93 can be relied on to invalidate section 8B(2) since Parliament specifically enacted Article 149(3) to protect the 1989 amendments to the ISA from inconsistency with Article 93.
Tham Chee Ho has opined that where a error of law is involved, judicial review will be available despite the presence of an ouster clause. However, an ouster clause still precludes judicial review of non-jurisdictional errors of law. If this distinction between jurisdictional and non-jurisdictional errors of law exists, section 8B(2) will preclude judicial review of non-jurisdictional errors of law but not jurisdictional errors. Notably, there is a difference between English and Singapore law as regards this issue. In "R. v. Lord President of the Privy Council, ex parte Page" (1992), Lord Browne-Wilkinson commented that the case of "Anisminic Ltd. v. Foreign Compensation Commission" (1968) had the effect of rendering the distinction between jurisdictional and non-jurisdictional errors of law obsolete. This has limited the effect of ouster clauses in the United Kingdom since all errors of law are considered as jurisdictional. However, the Singapore courts have not yet adopted this legal position, and there are cases indicating that the distinction between jurisdictional and non-jurisdictional errors of law still exists.
Basic features doctrine.
The basic features doctrine developed in "Kesavananda Bharati v. The State of Kerala" (1973) and "Minerva Mills Ltd. v. Union of India" (1980) by the Supreme Court of India rests on the notion that there are certain elements of the nation's constitutional structure which cannot be amended by Parliament.
In the High Court case of "Teo Soh Lung v. Minister for Home Affairs" (1989), the plaintiff argued that the 1989 amendments to the Constitution had violated the basic features of the Constitution by breaching the principle of separation of powers by usurping judicial power, and contravening the rule of law. The Court rejected the application of the basic features doctrine owing to the differences in the making of the Singapore Constitution and the Indian Constitution, and the fact that the framers of the Singapore Constitution had not expressly provided for limitations to be placed on Parliament's power of amendment. The Court also held that, in any case, there had been no violation of the Constitution's basic features on the facts of the case. On appeal, the Court of Appeal determined the case on other grounds, and thus found it unnecessary to decide conclusively if the basic features doctrine applies in Singapore.
Role of the judiciary in national security matters.
There are competing views over the appropriate role of the judiciary in matters concerning preventive detention under the ISA. A related concern is whether the judicial process is suitable for such matters. The legislative and constitutional amendments relating to judicial review under the ISA were intended to limit the role of the courts in national security matters. In 1989, Law Minister S. Jayakumar argued in Parliament that the amendments were needed because the courts would effectively be responsible for national security matters if judicial review was permitted. The subjective test was deemed necessary to reserve to the executive the responsibility for national security matters, and to enable the Government to deal effectively with security threats.
Tham Chee Ho contends that, based on the objective test set out in "Chng Suan Tze", the fear that the courts will take over responsibility for national security matters is misplaced. This is because the courts do not review the actions taken by the executive for national security purposes, but merely determine whether the situation in fact involves national security issues. The Court of Appeal in "Chng Suan Tze" reflected this by holding that what was required to preserve national security was a matter solely for executive judgment.
Another reason that was put forward by Jayakumar to justify a limited role by the judiciary was that the judicial process is unsuitable for deciding preventive detention issues. Persons who are potential threats to national security may act covertly, hindering the collection of evidence to secure a conviction in a court trial. By its nature, however, preventive detention is a precautionary measure and involves making decisions on limited information to prevent threats to national security from materializing. Jayakumar said that the court is ill-equipped to determine whether there are suspicious circumstances which justify pre-emptive action. Tham agrees with this view, but argues that it applies only where the courts review the exercise of executive power. He distinguishes the objective test applied in "Chng Suan Tze" from the situation mentioned by Jayakumar, since the court is only interested in whether there is a national security issue involved.
Thio Li-ann has opined that the 1989 measures taken to limit judicial checks on executive power demonstrate a preference for non-legal institutional checks. One example of a non-legal institutional check is the requirement under the Constitution and the ISA for an advisory board to hear detainees' representations and recommend to the President whether a detention order should be terminated. Thio argues that such checks are weak and cannot replace judicial review. She contends that since Article 149 of the Constitution permits the enactment of repressive laws which contravene constitutional liberties, meaningful restraints should be placed on the wide discretionary powers under the ISA. Similarly, in "Chng Suan Tze", the Court of Appeal rejected the view that the executive's accountability to Parliament is a sufficient safeguard against the arbitrary exercise of power.
Eunice Chua argues against adopting the subjective test and limiting judicial review to breaches of the procedures stated in the ISA. Her argument is based on the premise that courts should consider notions of substantive democracy in performing their judicial role. Chua argues that in "Teo Soh Lung" the Court of Appeal should have considered whether there were sufficient safeguards for the protection of detainees after the curtailment of judicial review through constitutional and legislative amendments. She suggests that Article 151, which provides for restrictions on preventive detention, should be read liberally in favour of detainees, bearing in mind the exclusion of fundamental liberties by Article 149. In her view, the curtailment of judicial review should therefore be rejected, as it does not accord with the "spirit" of Article 151 of the Constitution which ensures safeguards for detainees.
Conversely, Jayakumar argued in 1989 that judicial review is an inappropriate safeguard in preventing abuse of the detention powers under the ISA in the situation where a dishonest government is in power. He argued that judicial safeguards are illusory because such a dishonest government would "pack the courts" and appoint judges which would rule in their favour. He regarded the best safeguard to be for voters to elect honest and incorruptible men into the Government.
Criticisms of preventive detention.
In 2006, the United States Department of State noted that although the ISA had not been used against the Singapore Government's political opponents for some years, "political opposition and criticism remained restricted by the government's authority to define these powers broadly. In the past, occasional government references to speech that it considered 'out-of-bounds' were understood to be implicit threats to invoke the ISA." The Singapore Government itself has regularly raised the need to prevent national security threats from materializing as a justification for preventive detention. However, there have been suggestions that the criminal law is apt for dealing with this matter as well. Crimes of accessory liability such as abetment, conspiracy and unlawful assembly in the Penal Code may apply even if harm has not actualized. Furthermore, restrictions imposed by the Societies Act, as well as the offences in the Sedition Act, may be viable alternatives to preventive detention.
Preventive detention has been preferred over open court trials, as it has been suggested that the criminal trial could be used as a platform for radicals to publicize their views, and that it might confer the honour of martyrdom on accused persons. However, it has been suggested that an open trial which details the evils of terrorism and the indiscriminate destruction that it causes could educate the public and potentially unite the various communities in the country.
Under the framework of the ISA, detainees are theoretically accorded due process. For instance, detainees have a right to make representations against their detention to an advisory board. However, Article 151(3) of the Constitution prevents any government authority from disclosing any information which would, "in its own opinion, be against national interest". Therefore, there is no means to compel the authorities to disclose information which may be pertinent for the detainee to make a proper representation to an advisory board, thus compromising due process. Moreover, the secrecy of advisory board hearings has been criticized as it may lead to the public questioning the legitimacy of the hearings, and to an impression that justice has not manifestly been done.
Due to the limited form of judicial review available under the ISA, whether a person remains under detention depends largely on the Ministry of Home Affairs. This raises the question "quis custodiet ipsos custodes?" – who guards the guardians? If preventive detention is applied illegitimately in a manner that cripples lawful democratic opposition, the absence of judicial review would preclude the exposure of such abuse. It has been submitted that the voice of public opinion is most suited for this purpose.
Instances of the application of the PPSO and ISA.
According to "The Sunday Times" of 28 October 1956, 234 people, including trade union leaders Lim Chin Siong, James Puthucheary and C. V. Devan Nair, were detained under the PPSO as suspected Communist subversives. On 2 February 1963 Operation Coldstore, a joint Malaysian–Singaporean anti-Communist operation, led to the arrest of 133 people. As of 5 April 1963, 17 were being detained in the Federation of Malaya and 107 in Singapore, while the remaining nine had been released. On 30 October 1966, Chia Thye Poh, leader of the leftist Barisan Sosialis political party, was detained. He was subsequently held for 32 years pursuant to the ISA, the last nine of which under forms of house arrest and civil rights restrictions, including confinement on the island of Sentosa. All such restrictions were finally lifted on 27 November 1998. As of that date, the "South China Morning Post" referred to him as "the world's second longest serving prisoner-of-conscience after South Africa's Nelson Mandela".
"The Straits Times" of 28 May 1976 reported that 50 people allegedly involved in a Communist plot had been arrested. Among them were the playwright and theatre director Kuo Pao Kun, then a secretary for the Chinese Chamber of Commerce, and his wife Goh Lay Kuan. Kuo was detained under the ISA for four years and seven months, and his citizenship was revoked. Following his release he was placed under residence and travel restrictions until 1983. His citizenship was reinstated in 1992.
In 1987, in a security operation known as Operation Spectrum, 22 Roman Catholic church and social activists and professionals were detained under the ISA. They were accused of being members of a dangerous Marxist conspiracy bent on subverting the government by force and replacing it with a Marxist state. The detentions led to, among others, the "Chng Suan Tze" and "Teo Soh Lung" cases.
Two people were arrested in 1997 and four in 1998 for espionage activities. Of those arrested in 1997, one was a male permanent resident who was a deep-cover operative of a foreign intelligence service who had used the other person, a female Singaporean, as a collaborator. Three of the people arrested in 1998 were agents for a foreign intelligence agency. One of them had recruited the fourth person to collect intelligence on and to subvert a local community organization. All the detainees were subsequently released.
From 2001, the ISA was mainly used against al-Qaeda-inspired terrorists in Singapore. In December that year, 15 members of the Jemaah Islamiyah (JI) militant group were arrested for involvement in the Singapore embassies attack plot. JI member Mohamed Khalim bin Jaffar was detained in January 2002 (and later released in September 2011), and another 21 members were arrested and detained in August 2002.
In February 2006, alleged JI head Mas Selamat bin Kastari was extradited from Indonesia and detained under the ISA. He escaped from custody on 27 February 2008 and was only rearrested by the Malaysian authorities on 1 April 2009. He was transferred back to Singapore for detention under the ISA on 24 September 2010.
Between November 2006 and April 2007, four Singaporean JI members were detained under the ISA while one had a restriction order issued against him. In addition, lawyer and lecturer Abdul Basheer s/o Abdul Kader, who radicalized himself by reading extremist propaganda on the Internet, was detained in February 2007 for preparing to engage in militant activities in Afghanistan. He was released on 21 February 2010, but rearrested in September 2012 and detained under the ISA the following month for planning to resume jihadist terrorism against foreign military operations abroad, including leaving Singapore – illegally, if necessary – to do so.
Full-time National Serviceman Muhammad Fadil Abdul Hamid was detained on 4 April 2010. He was described by the media as self-radicalized, having been deeply influenced by the lectures of Feiz Mohammad and Anwar al-Aulaqi which he had accessed online. Around this time, two other people influenced by al-Aulaqi were placed under restriction orders. Between January and July 2011, three Muslim radicals were deported to Singapore from other countries and detained. JI members Jumari bin Kamdi and Samad bin Subari were arrested in Malaysia and Indonesia respectively; while Abdul Majid s/o Kunji Mohammad, a member of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), was arrested in Malaysia. As of 13 September 2011, there were 17 people on orders of detention, one whose detention had been suspended, and 49 people on restriction orders. On 7 March 2013, it was mentioned in Parliament that 64 people had been detained under the ISA for activities related to terrorism since 2002.
In September 2013, the Singapore media reported that Asyrani Hussaini had been detained in March that year and was the fifth Singaporean to have been influenced by radical ideology he had read online. Asyrani had entered Thailand illegally to take part in the armed insurgency in Southern Thailand, but was arrested and deported to Singapore. Another Singaporean, Mustafa Kamal Mohammad, was placed on a two-year restriction order from September 2013 for being a member of the MILF in the Philippines. Three Singaporean former JI members had their restriction orders lifted; they were Jahpar Osman and Samad Subari, and Abdul Majid Kunji Mohamad who had trained with the MILF.
Subversive documents.
Under Chapter III of Part II of the ISA, the minister responsible for printing presses and publications – currently the Minister for Communications and Information – is authorized to ban documents and publications that are subversive or otherwise undesirable. For instance, the Minister may prohibit (absolutely or conditionally) the printing, publication, sale, issue, circulation or possession of a document or publication that:
Such a prohibition order can extend to any past or future issue of a periodical publication, and to other publications which have been issued or appear to have been issued by the publishing house, agency or other source which issued the prohibited publication. The proprietor of a prohibited publication can lodge an objection to a prohibition order within a month of the date when the order is published in the "Government Gazette" to the President, whose decision on the matter is "final and shall not be called in question in any court". When exercising this discretion, the President is required to follow the advice of the Cabinet. It is a criminal offence to print, publish, sell, issue, circulate, reproduce or possess a prohibited publication or an extract from it; and to import, abet the importation of, or have in one's possession any imported prohibited publication. There is a rebuttable presumption a person knows the contents of a publication and their nature immediately after the publication comes into his or her possession. However, it is a defence for a person to demonstrate that the publication was "printed, published, sold, issued, circulated or reproduced, as the case may be, without his authority, consent and knowledge, and without any want of due care or caution on his part, and that he did not know and had no reason to suspect the nature of the document or publication".
Among the publications that have been interdicted under the Act are works by Vladimir Lenin and Mao Zedong, and the Russian political newspaper "Pravda".
A crime is committed if any person posts or distributes a placard, circular or other document which contains an incitement to violence, counsels disobedience to the law or a lawful order, or is likely to lead to a breach of the peace. Spreading false reports or making false statements likely to cause public alarm orally, in writing, or in any newspaper, periodical, book, circular or other printed publication is also an offence.
Finally, it is an offence to carry or have in one's possession or under one's control a subversive document. A document is deemed to be subversive if, in whole or in part, it has a tendency:
A document that purports to be a subversive document is presumed to be one until the contrary has been proved, and if it is proved that a person was carrying or had in his or her possession or under his or her control a subversive document, he or she is deemed to have known the contents of the document and their nature. Nevertheless, a person may defend himself or herself by proving that he or she was unaware of the contents and the nature of the contents of the document, and that he or she did not have reasonable cause to believe or suspect that the document was subversive. The ISA places a duty on any person, any office-bearer of an association, or any responsible member or agent of an organization who receives a subversive document to deliver it to a police officer without delay. Failure to do so without police authorization, or communicating the contents of such a document to others or publishing them is an offence.
Control of entertainments and exhibitions.
The Home Affairs Minister may, under Chapter IV of Part II of the ISA, order that any entertainment or exhibition be closed if satisfied if it "is or is likely to be in any way detrimental to the national interest". "Entertainment" is defined by the Act as "any game, sport, diversion, concert or amusement of any kind to which the public has or is intended to have access and in which members of the public may or may not take part, whether on payment or otherwise", while "exhibition" "includes every display of goods, books, pictures, films or articles to which the public has or is intended to have access, whether on payment or otherwise". It is an offence to be the promoter of or a person concerned in the promotion of an entertainment or exhibition held or continued in contravention of an order requiring it to be closed, or the proprietor of the premises on which such an event is held. However, it is a defence to show that the event was "promoted or continued without his authority, consent and knowledge and without any want of due care or caution on his part".
Alternatively, to ensure that an entertainment or exhibition is not detrimental to the public interest, the Minister can impose conditions relating to the holding of the event on its promoter, every person involved in its promotion, and the proprietor of the premises on which the event is to be held. Failure to comply with any of such conditions is an offence, unless the person involved is able to show he or she was not responsible for the breach and exercised due care and caution. The authorities are empowered to close an entertainment or exhibition operated in breach of any condition, or kept open in contravention of an order by the Minister.
To enable the Minister to determine whether an entertainment or exhibition should be banned or allowed to be held subject to conditions, the Minister can require that its promoter, any person involved in its promotion, or the proprietor of the premises on which it is to be held to provide information on the following matters:
Furnishing false or incomplete information is an offence, and also entitles the Minister to prohibit an event from being held or direct it to be closed. The person providing the information also commits a crime if the event is held in a manner contrary to the information provided.
Other powers.
Chapter VI of Part II of the ISA confers additional powers on the Minister for Home Affairs to prevent subversion. If a written law confers power on a person, body or authority to appoint people to positions, the Minister can order that he or she be provided with a list of the people from which the appointment will be made, and other information. The Minister can then direct that people whose appointment would be prejudicial to the interests of Singapore shall not be appointed or recruited. Furthermore, no person is permitted to disclose any communication received from the Minister except in the course of official duty.
The Minister, if satisfied that a school or educational institution is being used for a purpose detrimental to the interests of Singapore or the public, for instruction that is detrimental to the interests of the public or pupils, or as a meeting-place of an unlawful society, can order that it be closed for a period not exceeding six months at a time. The board of managers or governors of an affected school or educational institution can lodge an objection against an order with the President, whose decision on the matter is final and may not be questioned in any court. The Minister's power does not extend to places where the teaching "is of a purely religious character, or for a purely religious purpose".
A person who requires a certificate of suitability for admission to an institution of higher education must apply to the Director of Education, who must not issue a certificate if "there appear to him to be reasonable grounds for believing that the applicant, if admitted to the institution in question, would be likely to promote, or otherwise participate in, action prejudicial to the interests or security of Singapore or any part thereof". A person who does not hold a certificate of suitability may not be admitted to an institution of higher learning as a student. A person who has been refused a certificate may appeal to the Home Affairs Minister, whose decision on the matter is final and cannot be called into question in any court.
The Minister can forbid pupils, students, teachers or members; any class of pupils, students, teachers or members; or any named pupil, student, teacher or member of any school, college, educational institution or students' union or association situated or established outside Singapore to enter into or travel within Singapore as a group unless they first obtain permission from the police to do so. An individual pupil, student, teacher or member can also be barred from Singapore if he or she intends to carry out within the country some common object of the group to which he or she belongs. The police can grant permission for such travel subject to conditions. If there is a reason for the Commissioner of Police to believe that any person:
or any person has breached any conditions imposed, the Commissioner can require that the person leave Singapore within a certain time and remain abroad for six months or a lesser period; or take the person into custody and remove him or her from Singapore, whereupon the person must remain out of Singapore for six months. Failure to comply with any order by the Minister or a breach of the conditions of any permission to travel to Singapore is an offence. The above provisions do not authorize the removal from Singapore of any citizen of Singapore ordinarily resident in the country.
Provisions relating to security areas.
Part III of the ISA deals with security areas. Section 48, which is the only provision in Chapter I of Part III, empowers the President, acting on the Cabinet's advice, to proclaim any area in Singapore a security area if in his opinion public security in the area "is seriously disturbed or threatened by reason of any action taken or threatened by any substantial body of persons, whether inside or outside Singapore, to cause or to cause a substantial number of citizens to fear organised violence against persons or property" and "he considers it to be necessary for the purpose of suppressing such organised violence". A proclamation of a security area must be published by the Home Affairs Minister in any way that the Minister thinks necessary for bringing it to the notice of all persons who, in the Minister's view, should have notice of it. It comes into effect once notice has been given, even if it has not yet been published in the "Government Gazette". A proclamation remains in force until the President revokes it or Parliament annuls it by passing a resolution.
Preservation of public security.
Chapter II of Part III of the ISA empowers the Minister to take various steps to preserve public security. Within a security area, the Minister may declare areas to be danger areas, controlled areas or protected places. No person is allowed to enter or remain in a danger area unless escorted by a member of a security force, and to enforce this prohibition security forces can take all necessary measures, including those that are "dangerous or fatal to human life". A person who is injured while in a danger area unlawfully cannot make any legal claim for it, though compensation may be awarded if a compensation board thinks it is equitable to do so. The declaration of an area as a controlled area enables the Minister to order that people within the area may only reside within that portion of the area declared to be the "residential part", and that they may not venture beyond the residential part during certain hours. Failure to comply with such orders is a criminal offence.
If the Commissioner of Police is of the view that it is "necessary or expedient in the interests of public security or order, for the maintenance of supplies or services essential to the life of the community, that special precautions should be taken to prevent the entry of unauthorised persons", he may declare a place or premises within a security area to be a protected place. While such a declaration is in force, no person is permitted to enter or remain in the place without the permission of the authority or person stated in the declaration. Persons wishing to enter a protected place must submit to being searched by police officers and other authorized persons, and must comply with directions concerning their conduct. A failure to do so can result in their removal from the protected place. It is an offence to be present in a protected place without permission, and to wilfully fail to stop after being challenged by a police officer or unlawfully refuse to submit to a search. The Commissioner of Police can take steps that he considers necessary to secure a protected place, including those that endanger the life of anyone entering the place. If the Commissioner employs such steps, he must take precautions (including displaying prominent warning notices) that he considers reasonably necessary to prevent accidental entry into the place. Once such precautions have been put in place, if any person enters the protected place without permission and is injured or killed, he or she is not entitled to receive any compensation or damages.
The Minister can declare any fence or barrier surrounding a part of a security area to be a perimeter fence. The Commissioner of Police is permitted to take steps to prevent people from crossing the fence or passing articles over, through or under the fence, including defensive measures that involve or may involve danger to life. If the measures are taken in a place other than on, under or within the perimeter fence, the Commissioner must take precautions – including displaying prominent warning signs – to ensure that people do not accidentally enter the area. If anyone is injured or dies as a result of a defensive measure, no compensation is payable unless the Minister certifies that it is just and equitable for such compensation to be paid. It is an offence to cross or attempt to cross, or pass or attempt to pass any article over, though or under a perimeter fence except at an authorized entry point; and to damage, attempt to damage or tamper with any fence or any gate or movable barrier at an entry point.
In the interests of public safety, the Minister can make a "clearance order" concerning land that is within of any railway, public road or perimeter fence within a security area, or land in a security area that is "used for or in connection with the cultivation of rubber, oil palm, gutta-percha, coconut, bananas or any other fruit growing on trees, or any other agricultural or food crops". Such an order directs the owner or occupier of the land, their agent, or any person living in the area surrounded by a perimeter fence to clear away "all herbage, bush and undergrowth and any other object mentioned in the order, other than permanent buildings", prevent the undergrowth from growing higher than , and maintain the cleanliness of the land. Failure to comply with a clearance order is a criminal offence.
The officer in charge of a police division that forms part of a security area can do the following:
A police officer or member of the security forces who is of or above the rating of leading rate or rank of non-commissioned officer and on duty, or a person authorized by the officer in charge of a police division, is empowered to seize any rice or other food if, because of its quantity or situation, it "is likely to or may become available to any persons who intend or are about to act or have recently acted in a manner prejudicial to public security or to the maintenance of public order". In support of this power, people, premises, vehicles and vessels can be searched without a warrant.
If it appears to the Minister to be "necessary or expedient ... in the interests of public security, or for the accommodation of any security forces", he or she may take possession of any land or building (or part of a building) in a security area. Police officers are permitted to use reasonable force when effecting the taking of possession, and the Minister can require the owner or occupier of the land or building to provide information relating to it. Once the land or building is in the Minister's possession, he or she has wide power to determine how to use it. The Minister is entitled to disregard any legal restrictions on how it may be utilized, authorize other persons to do with the property anything which the owner or occupier is entitled to do, and ban or limit anyone from exercising rights of way over, and other rights relating to, the land or building. Anyone who feels aggrieved by the Minister taking possession of land or a building can lodge an objection with an advisory committee. The committee is required to consider the objections and any grounds against the objections put forward by the person given possession of the property, and make recommendations to the Minister. The Minister can give "such directions the recommendations as he may think fit", and award compensation.
If a building or structure in a security area is left unoccupied due to an order relating to the security area, and the officer in charge of the police division in which the building or structure is situated takes the view that it may be used by "any person or persons who intend, or are about, to act or have recently acted in a manner prejudicial to public security or by any other person who is likely to harbour any such persons", and it is not practical to prevent such use, the officer can authorize the destruction of the building or structure. Compensation is payable for such destruction to a person if he or she can demonstrate to the Minister that the building or structure was constructed with the consent of the person lawfully entitled to the land on which it stood, and it was not liable to be forfeited. Even if the building or structure was subject to forfeiture, the Minister can still pay compensation to the owner or occupier if the latter person can prove that it was used by persons acting in a manner prejudicial to public security or for harbouring such persons without his or her knowledge or consent, and that he or she exercised due diligence to ensure that the building would not be used in this manner.
Offences.
Chapter III of Part III of the ISA creates a number of criminal offences relating to security areas.
Firearms, ammunition and explosives.
It is an offence to carry, or have in one's possession or under one's control in a security area without lawful excuse, any firearm, ammunition or explosive without lawful authority. The penalty for the offence is death. The onus is on the person charged to prove that he or she has a lawful excuse for having the item, and this can only be done by demonstrating that he or she acquired the item in a lawful manner for a lawful purpose, and did not act "in a manner prejudicial to public security or the maintenance of public order" while in possession of or having control of it. Furthermore, the person charged has lawful authority to have the item only if he or she:
However, even if any of the above situations applies to a person, he or she will not be regarded as having lawful authority if he or she has the item for the purpose of using it in a manner prejudicial to public security or the maintenance of public order.
In "Liew Sai Wah v. Public Prosecutor" (1968), the appellant was arrested at the Singapore train station for having six grenade bodies in his bag. He was charged and found guilty of possession of ammunition by the High Court, and sentenced to death. The conviction was upheld by the Federal Court of Malaysia (then part of Singapore's court hierarchy). However, on further appeal to the Privy Council, their Lordships held that grenade bodies did not come within the term "ammunition", which was defined as "ammunition for any fire-arm as hereafter defined and includes grenades, bombs and other like missiles whether capable of use with such a fire-arm or not and any ammunition containing or designed or adapted to contain any noxious liquid, gas or other thing". Counsel for the Public Prosecutor suggested that grenade bodies might fall within the definition of "explosive", which includes "any material for making an explosive and any apparatus, machine, implement or material used or intended to be used or adapted for causing or aiding in causing any explosion in or with any explosive, and any part of any such apparatus, machine or implement". However, the Privy Council declined to allow this submission as it involved the presentation of a case completely different to the one that the appellant was required to meet during his trial and the appeal before the Federal Court. The appellant was therefore acquitted.
It is a crime, while in a security area, to consort with or to be found in the company of a person carrying or having possession of or having under his or her control a firearm, ammunition or explosive in contravention of the offence mentioned above, if the circumstances raise a reasonable presumption that the person consorting intends or is about to act or has recently acted with the person having the item in a manner prejudicial to public security or the maintenance of public order. The penalty is either death or life imprisonment. It is a slightly less serious offence to be in a security area and consort with or be in the company of another person if it is reasonable for the person consorting to know that the other person had one of the above items. The penalty for this offence is imprisonment not exceeding ten years. If a person is carrying or has in his or her possession or under his or her control a firearm, ammunition or explosive, there is a rebuttable presumption that the person was acting in contravention of the offence mentioned above.
Supplies.
It is an offence for a person, whether inside or outside a security area, to demand, collect or receive supplies from another person under circumstances which raise a reasonable presumption that:
It is also an offence, inside or outside a security area, to be found in possession of supplies which cannot be satisfactorily accounted for, or to directly or indirectly provide supplies to another person, in circumstances which raise the reasonable presumption referred to above. The penalty for all these offences is life imprisonment. However, in the latter situation, a person will not be convicted if he or she voluntarily provides full information of the offence to a police officer before being accused of or charged with the offence.
Other offences.
A person inside or outside a security area who knows or has reasonable cause to believe that another person has committed an offence under Part III of the ISA, or has information about the present or intended movements or whereabouts of another person whom he or she knows or has reasonable cause to believe to be a terrorist, but who fails to report the matter to a police officer, commits an offence punishable by imprisonment for up to ten years. However, if the person voluntarily gives full information to a police officer before being accused of or charged with an offence, he or she will not be convicted.
It is also an offence to attempt to commit an offence under Part III; to assist someone that one knows or has reasonable cause to believe has committed an offence to prevent, hinder or interfere with that person's arrest, trial or punishment; or generally to contravene or fail to comply with any provision of Part III or any order made, direction given or requirement imposed under Part III, or to abet any contravention or failure by another person.
Miscellaneous provisions.
The final part of the ISA, Part IV, contains various miscellaneous provisions. Some notable provisions are described in this section.
A police officer is entitled to use such force as is reasonably necessary in the circumstances, including lethal weapons:
A person who has been arrested for any of the offences mentioned above must, as soon as possible after arrest, be "clearly warned of his liability to be shot at if he endeavours to escape from custody". In addition to a police officer, the power to use force can be exercised by a member of the security forces, any guard or watchman in a protected place, and any person authorized by the Commissioner of Police.
Provisions exist in the ISA to make it easier to admit statements made by people charged with offences under the Act or certain offences under other laws specified in the Second Schedule to the Act. A statement is admissible in evidence in a trial and, if the person who made the statement chooses to testify during a trial, it may be used in cross-examination and to impeach his or her credit, "whether the statement amounts to a confession or not or is oral or in writing, made at any time, whether before or after that person is charged and whether in the course of a police investigation or not and whether or not wholly or partly in answer to questions, by that person to or in the hearing of any police officer of or above the rank of sergeant and whether or not interpreted to him by any other police officer or any other person concerned, or not, in the arrest". This is subject to two limitations:
Once a person has been cautioned, he or she has a right to remain silent and is not required to answer any questions.

</doc>
