<doc id="9871715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871715" title="Name of Joan of Arc">
Name of Joan of Arc

Joan of Arc did not come from a place called "Arc", but was born and raised in the village of Domrémy in what was then the northeastern frontier of the Kingdom of France. In the English language her first name has been repeated as "Joan" since the fifteenth century because that was the only English equivalent for the feminine form of "John" during her lifetime. Her surviving signatures are all spelled "Jehanne" without surname. In French her name is today always rendered as "Jeanne d'Arc", reflecting the modern spelling of her first name. The surname "of Arc" is a translation of "d'Arc," which itself is a nineteenth-century French approximation of her father's name. Apostrophes were never used in fifteenth-century French surnames, which sometimes leads to confusion between place names and other names that begin with the letter "D". Based on Latin records, which do reflect a difference, her father's name was more likely "Darc". Spelling was also phonetic and original records produce his surname in at least nine different forms, such as "Dars", "Day", "Darx, Dare, Tarc, Tart" or "Dart".
To further complicate matters, surnames were not universal in the fifteenth century and surname inheritance did not necessarily follow modern patterns. Joan of Arc testified at her trial that the local custom in her native region was for girls to use their mothers' surname. Joan's mother was known both as "Isabelle Romée" and "Isabelle de Vouthon". No surviving record from Joan's lifetime shows that she used either her mother's or her father's surname, but she often referred to herself as "la Pucelle", which roughly translates as "the Maiden". Prior to the mid-nineteenth century, when "Jeanne d'Arc" and "Joan of Arc" became standard, literature and artistic works that refer to her often describe her as "la Pucelle" or "the Maid of Orléans". Her native village has been renamed "Domrémy-la-Pucelle" in reflection of that tradition.
Joan appears (in a negative light) in William Shakespeare's late sixteenth-century play "Henry VI, Part 1". In the play she is referred to mainly as "Joan La Pucelle" and "Joan", but also twice as "Joan of Arc".
De Quincey about the name (1847).
"Now, the worshipful reason of modern France for disturbing the old received spelling, is–that Jean Hordal, a descendant of La Pucelle’s brother, spelled the name Darc, in 1612. But what of that? Beside the chances that M. Hordal might be a gigantic blockhead, it is notorious that what small matter of spelling Providence had thought fit to disburse amongst man in the seventeenth century, was all monopolized by printers: in France, much more so." 
Thomas De Quincey, "Joan of Arc" 

</doc>
<doc id="9871717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871717" title="Rotuma Airport">
Rotuma Airport

Rotuma Airport is an airport serving the island of Rotuma in Fiji. It is located near Else'e, a village in the district of Malhaha. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9871741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871741" title="Savusavu Airport">
Savusavu Airport

Savusavu Airport is an airport located near Savusavu, a town in the province of Cakaudrove on the island of Vanua Levu in Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="9871762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871762" title="Mikhail Bulgakov bibliography">
Mikhail Bulgakov bibliography

The following is a bibliography of the works of Mikhail Bulgakov in English and Russian.
Bibliography in English.
In chronological order of translation
Bibliography in Russian.
The transliteration and the literal translation of the title is given in square brackets

</doc>
<doc id="9871765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871765" title="Tango tree">
Tango tree

A Tango tree is a type of binary search tree proposed by Erik D. Demaine, Dion Harmon, John Iacono, and Mihai Patrascu in 2004. It is an online binary search tree that achieves an formula_1 competitive ratio relative to the optimal offline binary search tree, while only using formula_1 additional bits of memory per node. This improved upon the previous best known competitive ratio, which was formula_3.
Structure.
Tango trees work by partitioning a binary search tree into a set of "preferred paths", which are themselves stored in auxiliary trees (so the tango tree is represented as a tree of trees).
Reference Tree.
To construct a tango tree, we simulate a complete binary search tree called the "reference tree", which is simply a traditional binary search tree containing all the elements. This tree never shows up in the actual implementation, but is the conceptual basis behind the following pieces of a tango tree.
Preferred Paths.
First, we define for each node its "preferred child", which informally is the most-recently-touched child by a traditional binary search tree lookup. More formally, consider a subtree "T", rooted at "p", with children "l" (left) and "r" (right). We set "r" as the preferred child of "p" if the most recently accessed node in "T" is in the subtree rooted at "r", and "l" as the preferred child otherwise. Note that if the most recently accessed node of "T" is "p" itself, then "l" is the preferred child by definition.
A preferred path is defined by starting at the root and following the preferred children until reaching a leaf node. Removing the nodes on this path partitions the remainder of the tree into a number of subtrees, and we recurse on each subtree (forming a preferred path from its root, which partitions the subtree into more subtrees).
Auxiliary Trees.
To represent a preferred path, we store its nodes in a balanced binary search tree, specifically a red-black tree. For each non-leaf node "n" in a preferred path "P", it has a non-preferred child "c", which is the root of a new auxiliary tree. We attach this other auxiliary tree's root ("c") to "n" in "P", thus linking the auxiliary trees together. We also augment the auxiliary tree by storing at each node the minimum and maximum depth (depth in the reference tree, that is) of nodes in the subtree under that node.
Algorithm.
Searching.
To search for an element in the tango tree, we simply simulate searching the reference tree. We start by searching the preferred path connected to the root, which is simulated by searching the auxiliary tree corresponding to that preferred path. If the auxiliary tree doesn't contain the desired element, the search terminates on the parent of the root of the subtree containing the desired element (the beginning of another preferred path), so we simply proceed by searching the auxiliary tree for that preferred path, and so forth.
Updating.
In order to maintain the structure of the tango tree (auxiliary trees correspond to preferred paths), we must do some updating work whenever preferred children change as a result of searches. When a preferred child changes, the top part of a preferred path becomes detached from the bottom part (which becomes its own preferred path) and reattached to another preferred path (which becomes the new bottom part). In order to do this efficiently, we'll define "cut" and "join" operations on our auxiliary trees.
Join.
Our "join" operation will combine two auxiliary trees as long as they have the property that the top node of one (in the reference tree) is a child of the bottom node of the other (essentially, that the corresponding preferred paths can be concatenated). This will work based on the "concatenate" operation of red-black trees, which combines two trees as long as they have the property that all elements of one are less than all elements of the other, and "split", which does the reverse. In the reference tree, note that there exist two nodes in the top path such that a node is in the bottom path if and only if its key-value is between them. Now, to join the bottom path to the top path, we simply "split" the top path between those two nodes, then "concatenate" the two resulting auxiliary trees on either side of the bottom path's auxiliary tree, and we have our final, joined auxiliary tree.
Cut.
Our "cut" operation will break a preferred path into two parts at a given node, a top part and a bottom part. More formally, it'll partition an auxiliary tree into two auxiliary trees, such that one contains all nodes at or above a certain depth in the reference tree, and the other contains all nodes below that depth. As in "join", note that the top part has two nodes that bracket the bottom part. Thus, we can simply "split" on each of these two nodes to divide the path into three parts, then "concatenate" the two outer ones so we end up with two parts, the top and bottom, as desired.
Analysis.
In order to bound the competitive ratio for tango trees, we must find a lower bound on the performance of the optimal offline tree that we use as a benchmark. Once we find an upper bound on the performance of the tango tree, we can divide them to bound the competitive ratio.
Interleave Bound.
To find a lower bound on the work done by the optimal offline binary search tree, we again use the notion of preferred children. When considering an access sequence (a sequence of searches), we keep track of how many times a reference tree node's preferred child switches. The total number of switches (summed over all nodes) gives an asymptotic lower bound on the work done by any binary search tree algorithm on the given access sequence. This is called the "interleave lower bound".
Tango Tree.
In order to connect this to tango trees, we will find an upper bound on the work done by the tango tree for a given access sequence. Our upper bound will be formula_4, where "k" is the number of interleaves.
The total cost is divided into two parts, searching for the element, and updating the structure of the tango tree to maintain the proper invariants (switching preferred children and re-arranging preferred paths).
Searching.
To see that the searching (not updating) fits in this bound, simply note that every time an auxiliary tree search is unsuccessful and we have to move to the next auxiliary tree, that results in a preferred child switch (since the parent preferred path now switches directions to join the child preferred path). Since all auxiliary tree searches are unsuccessful except the last one (we stop once a search is successful, naturally), we search formula_5 auxiliary trees. Each search takes formula_1, because an auxiliary tree's size is bounded by formula_7, the height of the reference tree.
Updating.
The update cost fits within this bound as well, because we only have to perform one "cut" and one "join" for every visited auxiliary tree. A single "cut" or "join" operation takes only a constant number of searches, "splits", and "concatenates", each of which takes logarithmic time in the size of the auxiliary tree, so our update cost is formula_4.
Competitive Ratio.
Tango trees are formula_1-competitive, because the work done by the optimal offline binary search tree is at least linear in "k" (the total number of preferred child switches), and the work done by the tango tree is at most formula_4.

</doc>
<doc id="9871770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871770" title="Ampthill (Chesterfield County, Virginia)">
Ampthill (Chesterfield County, Virginia)

Ampthill Plantation was located in the Virginia Colony in Chesterfield County on the south bank of the James River about four miles south of the head of navigation at modern-day Richmond, Virginia. Built by Henry Cary about 1730, it was just upstream of Falling Creek. It was later owned by Colonel Archibald Cary, who maintained a flour mill complex and iron forge at the nearby town of Warwick.
House moved, property becomes industrial site.
In 1929, Ampthill House, the manor house of Ampthill Plantation, was dismantled, moved to a site on Cary Street Road in the West End of Richmond, and reassembled where it sits today. Although it is not open-to-the-public, Ampthill House is a noteworthy local landmark, and is marked by a Virginia Historical Marker. 
The former plantation property on the James River near Falling Creek is occupied by the Spruance Plant and related industrial complex of the DuPont Company.

</doc>
<doc id="9871777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871777" title="Ostracitoxin">
Ostracitoxin

When under stress, a boxfish (family Ostraciidae) will release the Ostracitoxin toxin (see: http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/146/3641/244). It is an ichthyotoxic, hemolytic, nonpeptide (which is relatively unusual, although similar to Tetrodotoxin in this way) poison in the mucous secretions of their skin. This is a heat-stable and non-dialyzable; that is foamed in aqueous solutions and is toxic to various biological systems. It is unique among known fish poisons. It is toxic to other boxfish as well and looks like red tide and sea cucumber toxins in general properties. Although it is not recommended, it is a growing trend to keep boxfish in a home aquarium. Members of the family Ostraciidae secrete an ichthyotoxic mucus from their skin when stressed or disturbed. 
The boxfish must be alive to synthesize its bodily chemicals into the toxin, therefore it cannot release its toxin after it dies. It may, however, have residual toxin if it were in the process of releasing toxin when it died.
References.
Ostracitoxin: Donald A. Thomson - An Ichthyotoxic Stress Secretion of the Boxfish, Ostracion lentiginosus - Department of Zoology, University of Arizona, Tucson - http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/146/3641/244

</doc>
<doc id="9871782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871782" title="Stuart Lancaster (actor)">
Stuart Lancaster (actor)

Stuart Gage Lancaster (November 30, 1920 – December 22, 2000) was an American actor known for roles in Russ Meyer films.
Born in Evanston, Illinois, Lancaster's grandfather was circus owner Charles Ringling. He served as an aviator in the United States Navy in World War II. He moved to Los Angeles in 1962. Lancaster appeared in several Meyer films, including "Mudhoney", "Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!", "Good Morning... and Goodbye!", "Supervixens", and "Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens". In addition to those, he had a recurring role on "The Young and the Restless" and a part in "Edward Scissorhands". He was sometimes credited as Stewart Lancaster or Stud Lancaster. 
Lancaster was also the founder and director of the Palm Tree Playhouse in Sarasota, Florida. He died in Los Angeles, California. His wife Ivy Bethune and stepdaughter Zina Bethune are both actresses.

</doc>
<doc id="9871783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871783" title="Lleida Latin-American Film Festival">
Lleida Latin-American Film Festival

The Lleida Latin-American Film Festival (, or shortened to ) is a cinema festival that takes place in Lleida, Spain awarding Latin American films. It is organised by the Latin American Centre of Lleida and is sponsored by the city council (La Paeria), the University of Lleida and La Caixa. It's one of the main yearly cultural events in the town and takes place at the Teatre Principal, CaixaFòrum Lleida, Funatic, Cafè del Teatre de l'Escorxador, Institut d'Estudis Ilerdencs, the main campus of the University of Lleida, and the Hotel Condes de Urgel, alongside other cultural activities. The event has taken place since 1995, and awards were first given in 1997. At one time the festival took place in January but today it takes place in late March.

</doc>
<doc id="9871785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871785" title="BT Wholesale">
BT Wholesale

BT Wholesale is a division of BT Group responsible for the wholesale leasing of PSTN lines, broadband services and other telephony services to retail customers such as BT Retail, EE and Zen Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="9871801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871801" title="Genkai">
Genkai

Genkai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9871808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871808" title="Ulster Publishing">
Ulster Publishing

Ulster Publishing is a newspaper publisher in Kingston, New York, established in January 1972 by Geddy Sveikauskas.

</doc>
<doc id="9871815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871815" title="Matei Airport">
Matei Airport

Matei Airport , also known as Taveuni Airport or Taveuni Island Airport, is an airport located in Matei on the northern end of Taveuni, an island of the Vanua Levu Group in Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.
The airport is quite small but receives a number of flights from Sun Air and Air Fiji from Nadi and Suva. The airport is quite close to a number of resorts and small accommodation providers. The airport also has recently been upgraded from a gravel runway to a paved runway.
Facilities.
The airport has one runway which is in length.

</doc>
<doc id="9871820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871820" title="The Masque of the Inner Temple and Gray's Inn">
The Masque of the Inner Temple and Gray's Inn

"The Masque of the Inner Temple and Gray's Inn" was a Jacobean era masque, written by Francis Beaumont. It was performed on 20 February 1613 in the Banqueting House at Whitehall Palace, as part of the elaborate wedding festivities surrounding the marriage of Princess Elizabeth, the daughter of King James I, and Frederick V, Elector Palatine.
The show.
The masque was preceded by a procession, in which the masquers came down the River Thames from Winchester House on the royal barge, accompanied by a flotilla of other barges and boats, on Shrove Tuesday, 16 February. The masque itself was scheduled to be staged that evening, but had to be postponed for four days, due to the press of crowds at the Banqueting House and the fatigue of the King. Some thought that the masque was spoiled by the delay, since the surprise value of the costumes and set had been lost; but the King enjoyed it when he saw it, and ordered the dances repeated.
The principal masquers were fifteen knights of Olympia, dressed in carnation costumes; the musicians were costumed as twelve priests of Jove. The masque is richly dependent upon Greek mythology: the presenters were Mercury and Iris, the dancers of the first anti-masque were Naiads, Hyades and Cupids, joined by statues forged by Vulcan for Mount Olympus that came alive (four each of Naiads, Hyades, and statues, and five Cupids). The second anti-masque was a dance of rustic figures in "country sports." This second anti-masque was reproduced in a slightly simplified form in "The Two Noble Kinsmen" later in 1613—one sign of the influence that masques had on the stage drama of the era. (See "Oberon, the Faery Prince" for its similar connection with "The Winter's Tale".)
Sponsorship.
The masque was sponsored by two of the four Inns of Court. (The other two inns sponsored a wedding tribute of their own, "The Memorable Masque of the Middle Temple and Lincoln's Inn," by George Chapman.) Inns of Court records reveal that the Inner Temple paid over £1200 for its half of the costs of the masque; the bill for Gray's Inn must have been comparable. The Inner Temple charged its members assessments of £1 or £2 to help pay the cost; charges at Gray's Inn ranged from £1 to £4. The costumes for the masquers cost £60 per man.
Publication.
Beaumont's masque was entered into the Stationers' Register on 27 February 1613 and published soon after in an undated quarto by the bookseller George Norton. Norton issued a second quarto edition, also undated, sometime later. Beaumont dedicated the work to Sir Francis Bacon, who had organized the show for the Inns of Court. The masque was reprinted in the first Beaumont and Fletcher folio in 1653, and in a collection of Beaumont and Fletcher poems published in 1653 and reprinted in 1660, and in the second Beaumont and Fletcher folio of 1679. The title page of the first edition attributed the masque to Beaumont alone — a verdict with which modern scholars agree. The quarto and folio texts are not identical; the quarto is much fuller in its descriptions of the action of the masque.
Music.
Some of the music for the masque has survived — two dances by Giovanni Coperario; these were published by Andrew Sabol in his "Songs and Dances for the Stuart Masque" (1959).

</doc>
<doc id="9871822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871822" title="Vanuabalavu Airport">
Vanuabalavu Airport

Vanuabalavu Airport or Vanua Balavu Airport is an airport serving Vanua Balavu, the second largest of the Lau Islands in Fiji. It is operated by Airports Fiji Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="9871858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871858" title="Parkdale Deanery">
Parkdale Deanery

The Parkdale Deanery in the Anglican Diocese of Toronto is a group of seven Anglican Churches in downtown Toronto, Canada. They include the churches of St. Anne's, Epiphany and St. Mark, Parkdale, St. George the Martyr, St. Mary Magdalene, St. Matthias Bellwoods, St. Stephen-in-the-Fields, and St. Thomas's Anglican Church (Toronto). After years of slow decline in church attendance, the Deanery has engaged in a process to revise the way churches are managed in this part of the Diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="9871863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871863" title="France Miniature">
France Miniature

France Miniature is a miniature park tourist attraction in Élancourt, France featuring scale models of major French landmarks and monuments in an outdoor park.
Description.
France Miniature is a 5-hectare (12-acre) outdoor park in the shape of France that contains about 160 outdoor 1/30-scale models of major French monuments and landmarks. Monuments are placed in the park to correlate approximately with their real-world locations in France. Many of the models are animated, and all of the country's best known landmarks are represented (the Eiffel Tower, Versailles, Lourdes, etc.). A system of model trains runs through the park, and animated boats ply the “Atlantic Ocean” and the “Mediterranean Sea” (lagoons positioned appropriately around the perimeter of the park). Visitors walk along paved paths to visit the various models.
An indoor exhibition features extremely detailed models of several indoor scenes.
The park is closed during the winter.
France Miniature is owned by the same group (Grévin & Cie.) that operates the Parc Astérix amusement park north of Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="9871881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871881" title="Vincentio Bastini">
Vincentio Bastini

Vincentio Bastini (c 1529 – 1591), also known as Vincenzo di Pasquino Bastini, was an Italian cornettist and composer who lived his entire life in Lucca. On 27 December 1543, he was hired by the city of Lucca as a cornettist. He was paid a monthly salary of three "scudi", which was considerably less than the salaries of the city's four other cornet players. His low salary was probably due to his young age and the tendency of the government to pay more for musicians who hailed from outside of Lucca. He published two books of madrigals: the 1567 "Primo libro de madrigali a cinque et a sei voci" contained 29 pieces; the 1578 "Secondo libro de madrigali a cinque et a sei voci" contained 34.

</doc>
<doc id="9871887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871887" title="Brent Hefford">
Brent Hefford

Brent Edward Hefford (born 8 May 1978) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays for the Central Districts Stags in the State Championship and in the State Shield. He also plays for Marlborough in the Hawke Cup competition. He was born in Blenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="9871908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871908" title="Quebracho crested tinamou">
Quebracho crested tinamou

The quebracho crested tinamou ("Eudromia formosa") is a species of tinamou found in dry forest habitats in Paraguay and northern Argentina in South America.
Etymology.
"Eudromia" comes from two Greek words, "eu" meaning well or nicely, and "dromos" meaning a running escape. These definitions together mean, nice running escape, which refers to their habit of escaping predators by running.
Taxonomy.
All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Sub-Species.
There are two sub-species of this Tinamou:
Description.
The quebracho crested tinamou is approximately in length. Its upper parts are greyish-brown to blackish with a few scattered small white spots. Its lower parts are pale buffish to whitish and heavily barred with black. Its head has a black crest that is long, thin, and straight. It has a dusky stripe behind eye, bordered above and below by white stripes.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the quebracho crested tinamou eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
The quebracho crested tinamou is found in dry forests up to . It is also found in dry savanna. Its range is northern Argentina and Paraguay.
Conservation.
The IUCN list this species as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9871924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871924" title="Nachman Ben-Yehuda">
Nachman Ben-Yehuda

Nachman Ben-Yehuda () is a professor and former dean of the department of sociology and anthropology at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, Israel.
One of his notable subjects of research is the fall of the fort of Masada, the last refuge of a Jewish group, the Sicarii, to the Romans in 73 CE. The Sicarii committed mass suicide rather than surrender to slavery.
He views the story of Masada as a modern legend. According to his book "Sacrificing Truth", the rendition of Josephus was embellished before and after the establishment of the State of Israel. Based on transcripts of the 1963-65 archaeological dig, he claims that the team, led by Yigael Yadin, a former chief of staff of the Israel Defense Forces, fraudulently misrepresented findings and artifacts to fit within a pre-scripted narrative.
Ben-Yehuda compared the story as reported in the sole historical source, Flavius Josephus, to the myth that developed during the Zionist movement from the 1940s to the 1960s. He examined how archaeologists, notably Yigael Yadin, interpreted their findings to conform to the myth.
According to Ben-Yehuda, Josephus describes the Sicarii unflatteringly. They assassinated their Jewish opponents, and would not help the Jewish Zealots who were besieged in Jerusalem. They raided nearby villages, including Ein Gedi, where they murdered 700 Jewish women and children. They offered no resistance to the Romans, and their suicide was cowardly, unheroic and unwise.
Ben-Yehuda himself was brought up on the Masada myth, and climbed Masada himself to watch the sun rise over the Dead Sea. Israeli youth movements visited Masada, and it was the location for military swearing-in ceremonies. According to the myth, the Jews at Masada were Zealots who escaped the destruction of Jerusalem and continued to harass the Romans. Ben-Yehuda quotes Moshe Dayan calling Masada "a symbol of heroism and of Liberty for the Jewish people to whom it says: Fight to death rather than surrender."
Contrary to Josephus, the myth claims that the rebels are "Zealots" rather than Sicarii, Masada was a rebel base for attacks on the Romans. The massacre in Ein Geddi disappears.
Ben-Yehuda compared Yadin's tape-recorded notes during the excavations with Yadin's later statements. For example, Yadin found three skeletons, of a woman, a man and a child. On the tape, Yadin said that they could not have been a family. In later writings, Yadin said that they were the remains of an important commander, his wife, and their child. Ben-Yehuda believes that Yadin's distortions were ideologically motivated.

</doc>
<doc id="9871925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871925" title="Sig Hansen">
Sig Hansen

Sigurd Jonny "Sig" Hansen (born April 28, 1966) is an American Captain of the fishing vessel "Northwestern". Since 2006, Hansen has been featured in all seasons of the documentary television series "Deadliest Catch", for which he also serves as technical advisor for the production.
Early life.
Sigurd Jonny Hansen was born the oldest of three sons (Sigurd, Edgar, and Norman) of Sverre Hansen in Seattle, descended from a long lineage of Norwegian-ancestry fishermen; his father and grandfather pioneered opilio crab fishing in Alaska as a way of giving crab boats a chance to earn money year-round rather than in short mostly late-year seasons. He began fishing at age 14, working on his family's boat. After he graduated from high school, he began fishing year-round, spending on average 10 months per year in Alaska and the Bering Sea. Occasionally he would also fish mackerel and cod in Norway during the summer. In his early years he would cut school so that he could go fishing.
Career.
Hansen started as a deckhand on his father's boat before his teenage years, working his way up the ranks and proving himself to be a capable and steady presence at sea. At age 22, he became a “relief skipper”, relieving other captains on the "Northwestern", as well as doing short-haul stints on other boats in the fleet. 
By age 24, he began running the "Northwestern" full time and over the years, the "Northwestern" has become a top producer with an excellent safety record; the "Northwestern" has never had a single death at sea in the nearly 20 years Hansen has been at its helm, and its serious injury rate is significantly lower than other boats in the Bering Sea fleet as well. In 2005 for King Crab and 2006 for Opilio The "Northwestern" won the final derby seasons taking home the titles for both the highest poundage caught and the highest dollars earned between the featured boats in the "Deadliest Catch". 
As of 2011, Sig Hansen serves as the full-time captain during king and opilio crab seasons, as well as the pot cod fishery on the "Northwestern". His younger brothers, Edgar and Norman, are deck boss and deckhand, respectively.
In March 2010, Hansen became a published author with the release of his book (co-written with Mark Sundeen), "North By Northwestern: A Seafaring Family on Deadly Alaskan Waters", which reached the bestseller lists of the "New York Times" and the "Wall Street Journal". 
On April 29, 2010, Hansen was a guest on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno". During the show, he expressed his desire to be a contestant on the next season of the hit ABC reality television series "Dancing with the Stars". Leno's staff set up a Facebook page to gather support for Hansen to be selected to appear on the show. In September 2010, Hansen announced he would not be returning for the seventh season of "Deadliest Catch". However, on October 8 it was announced that Hansen would return to the show.
He provided the voice of a boat named Crabby (modeled after "The Northwestern" herself) in the Disney Pixar film "Cars 2".
Personal life.
Hansen and his wife, June, live with their two daughters, Nina and Mandy, in Seattle. Hansen is an alumnus of Shorewood High School.
Like his brothers, he speaks fluent Norwegian, which he learned before English as his Norwegian parents spoke the language at home. He follows the "Norwegian Fisherman's Diet" while at sea: coffee, chocolate and cigarettes. He is a supporter of the sports teams the Seahawks and the Mariners.

</doc>
<doc id="9871944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871944" title="Madi Phala">
Madi Phala

Madi Phala (2 February 1955 – 2 March 2007) was a South African artist. His most recent works were predominantly painting, and collage and dealt with the theme of the African herd boy.
Biography.
Phala was born 2 February 1955 in Kwa-Thema, Springs, South Africa. 
Phala's work is represented in several private and corporate art collections, including the French Embassy; De Beers, London, as well as Minister Pallo Jordan and art historian Barbara Lindop.
He was murdered outside his house in March 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9871958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871958" title="Yukina">
Yukina

Yukina is a female Japanese given name.

</doc>
<doc id="9871974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871974" title="12th Open Russian Festival of Animated Film">
12th Open Russian Festival of Animated Film

The 12th Open Russian Festival of Animated Film was held from March 1–5, 2007, in Suzdal, Russia. The winners for the main award categories were announced on March 4. The jury consisted of 33 professionals in professions related to animation. The Encyclopedia of Domestic Animation, the first attempt to cover the full history of Russian and Soviet animation, was premiered at the festival.
Jury rating.
Each jury member was asked to list their top five films of the festival. Five points were given for a 1st place vote and so on, down to one point for a 5th place vote.

</doc>
<doc id="9871980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871980" title="Shoshone Transmission Line">
Shoshone Transmission Line

The Shoshone Transmission Line was an early and notable electric power transmission line, now recorded on the List of IEEE Milestones.
The line began service on July 17, 1909, conveying power from the Shoshone Hydroelectric Generating Station, located on the Colorado River near Glenwood Springs, to Denver, Colorado. It was 153.4 miles long, operated at 90 kV, and crossed the Continental Divide three times at altitudes of up to 13,500 feet.
The IEEE has honored the line for its length, and for deployment in difficult terrain and unusually harsh weather patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="9871996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9871996" title="Eye to Ear II">
Eye to Ear II

Eye to Ear II is a studio album by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It is a collection of film music composed and performed by Frith, and is the second of three "Eye to Ear" albums dedicated to his work for short films. It was recorded in Germany and the United States between 1997 and 2003.
The music on "Eye to Ear II" appeared in the following films:
A modified version of the track "Gambling, Gods and LSD" also appeared on the soundtrack of the film of the same name, "Gambling, Gods and LSD" (2003) by various artists.
Track listing.
All tracks by Fred Frith except were noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9872022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872022" title="Cambio (magazine)">
Cambio (magazine)

Cambio () is a Colombian based social, political and economics magazine. Founded with the name "Cambio 16" it was later sold and renamed "Cambio" in 1998 to nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez and other associates. In 2006 the magazine was sold to "Casa Editorial El Tiempo", the owner of Colombia's "El Tiempo" newspaper. 
History.
"Cambio" was founded as "Cambio 16 América" by Colombian journalist Daniel Samper Pizano and Spanish associates called the "sociedad empresarial española "Grupo 16"" who owned the "Cambio 16" version of this magazine in Spain and were trying to establish a second major weekly magazine in Colombia to compete with "Semana". 
"Cambio 16 Américas" was released on June 14, 1993 under the direction of Darío Restrepo Vélez and Patricia Lara Salive as chief executive officer of the board of directors. Samper worked as an editor. The owner and general director was the Spanish Juan Tomás de Salas. 
The first editorial committee was headed by Daniel Samper Pizano, Consuelo Mendoza, Guillermo Cortés, Gabriel Jaramillo, Gloria Zea, Reinaldo Cabrera and Patricia Lara Salive. It had a number of contributors like Antonio Caballero, Alberto Donadío, Germán Espinosa, Eduardo Escobar, Alfredo Molano Bravo, Darío Jaramillo Agudelo and Juan Ballesta.
It later went through many image and directive renovations when Patricia Lara Salive became an associate in 1996; Rafael de Nicolás, Fabio Echeverri Correa and Dionisio Ibáñez were appointed to the board of directors. The editorial team was replaced by Guillermo Ángulo, Reinaldo Cabrera, Hernando Gómez Buendía, Gabriel Jaramillo, Consuelo Mendoza, among others and the general direction of Carlos Lemoine Amaya. Two years later "Cambio" was then sold to the society Abrenuncio S.A. from Bogotá on November 25, 1998. The society was conformed by nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez, his wife Mercedes Barcha, Maria Elvira Samper, Roberto Pombo, Mauricio Vargas Linares, among others. In 2006 the magazine was sold to Casa Editorial el Tiempo.

</doc>
<doc id="9872024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872024" title="My Own Summer (Shove It)">
My Own Summer (Shove It)

"My Own Summer (Shove It)" is a single by Sacramento, California-based alternative metal band Deftones; their first to be taken from the album "Around the Fur". It was released in 1997 by Maverick Records. It was Deftones' first charting single, reaching number 29 in the UK Singles Chart. A version of the song was featured on of "The Matrix".
Video.
The video, directed by Dean Karr, begins with a clip of a cage falling into the sea, blood seeping out of it into the surrounding waters. It then moves to footage of the band playing on a set of floating anti-shark cages. Eventually, a shark appears and is seen to be eating a piece of meat, presumably the contents of the cage. At the end of the video, Moreno falls into the water and the video fades out.
On the "B-Sides & Rarities" DVD, there is an interview with Moreno that takes place during the filming of the video.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Deftones. All lyrics by Chino Moreno, except "My Own Summer (Shove It)" and "Lotion", by Chino Moreno and Deftones.
The live tracks on both CDs were recorded live at the Melkweg, Amsterdam, on October 13, 1997.
"Rock Band" Music Gaming Platform.
The song was made available to download on October 26, 2010 for use in the "Rock Band 3" music gaming platform in both Basic rhythm, and notably PRO mode which allows use of a real guitar / bass guitar, and MIDI compatible electronic drum kits / keyboards in addition to three-part harmony or backup vocals.
Cover versions.
The following bands and musicians from worldwide performed this song, including Atreyu (from the "Covers of the Damned" EP), Linkin Park, and Muse.

</doc>
<doc id="9872042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872042" title="Jennifer Jo Cobb">
Jennifer Jo Cobb

Jennifer Jo Cobb (born June 12, 1973 in Kansas City, Kansas) is an American race-car driver and team owner. She has competed in the NASCAR Nationwide Series along with the ARCA Racing Series and NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, and currently competes in the latter series, driving for her own team in the No. 10 Chevrolet Silverado.
History.
She started racing in 1991 at Lakeside Speedway. Her father, Joe Cobb, races at Lakeside Speedway in the modified division. Since 2002, she has made 9 starts in the ARCA Racing Series, including 3 top-10s in 3 starts in 2004 while driving for Keith Murt.
In 2004, Cobb made her NASCAR debut in the Busch Series at Homestead-Miami Speedway. She drove the #50 Vassarette Chevrolet for Keith Coleman Racing and finished 43rd due to a crash on lap 2.
In 2006, Cobb created a line of clothing for female race fans called Driver Boutique. Proceeds from the sales of this line go towards her racing efforts, and she has attempted to qualify for various Busch and ARCA races in 2007 with the Driver Boutique sponsorship.
On July 19, 2008 she competed in the Camping World Truck Series event at the Built Ford Tough 225. She started in 35th and finished 26 driving the #74 Dodge for The Annexus Group completing 144 laps. On April 27, 2009 she competed at the O'Reilly Auto Parts 250 driving the #73 Dodge for Derrike Cope Inc. She started 34th and completed 72 laps before experiencing engine trouble, finishing 26th out of 35 drivers winning a purse of $10,680.
In 2010, Cobb announced that she would run full time in the truck series, after purchasing the assets of the #10 truck team from Rick Crawford, whose Circle Bar Racing downsized from a two-truck operation to one — Crawford's own #14.
In addition to the Trucks, Cobb is negotiating the purchase of a NASCAR Nationwide Series car to compete in 4 or 5 NNS events for 2010. Her long range goals include entering the NASCAR Sprint Cup series sometime within the next two to three years.
In 2010, Cobb became the highest female points finisher in history in any of the three major NASCAR Series to that time, achieving 17th place.
For 2011, Cobb continued racing her own #10 truck full time in the Camping World Truck Series, and also drove the first 5 races in the Nationwide Series in the #79 for 2nd Chance Motorsports. Cobb later announced that she would run the full season with 2nd Chance Motorsports in the #79 and run for Rookie of the Year. Cobb became the highest finishing female in Truck Series history by finishing 6th at the 2011 NextEra Energy Resources 250. She later gave her truck's owners points to Chase Mattioli and his team while she also started her own driver development program with Cody Cambensy planning to drive in the Truck Series in 2011. She later left 2nd Chance Motorsports after a dispute with owner Rick Russell over whether to start and park after losing their second car at Las Vegas. Rick Ware Racing later gave her a ride in his #41.
In early 2011, Cobb partnered with U.S. Army Family and MWR Command to launch Driven 2 Honor, a promotion honoring women in the U.S. Military. Jennifer hosted 2 female service members and their guests at the first 5 Nationwide races of the 2011 NASCAR season.
In 2012 Cobb ran the entire Camping World Truck Series schedule in the No. 10, along with selected Nationwide Series races in the No. 13. She returned to the Camping World Truck Series for 2013.
Legal issues.
On May 15, 2013, Mike Harmon was arrested and charged with stealing a hauler and racing equipment belonging to Cobb, in association with his sister and Cobb's former partner Dave Novak; Harmon stated that he was innocent. On May 28, officials from the Rowan County Sheriff's Office seized five Camping World Truck Series trucks and two Nationwide Series cars, which were stated as belonging to Cobb, from Harmon's garage.

</doc>
<doc id="9872066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872066" title="Atsuko Seta">
Atsuko Seta

Life.
In 1977 she graduated from the Department of Music, Piano Course, Osaka Kyoiku University. In 1978, she completed a Postgraduate Course, starting her career as a pianist, mentored by Argentine pianist Eduardo Delgado. She also studied at the International Academy Friedrich Wilhelm Schnurre in Sion, Switzerland in 1991 and has performed concertos in the country.
In 1996, Seta won the Top prize of the Masterplayers International Music Competition in Italy and completed a master course in Flaine International Music Academy in France, also studying at the Kyoto France Music Academy. Since 1997, she has performed in Europe every year, especially piano concertos, with the Sudecka Philharmonic in Poland.
In 2003, Atsuko Seta received the Music Critic Club Prize, which is given to the most active musician in West Japan. In 2004, she received the IBLA Grand Prize Ginastera Special Award in Italy. In 2003 and 2004, she began performing piano concertos with the Lebanese National Symphony Orchestra, the first Japanese pianist to do so. On December 10, 2004 she performed Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No.2 with the orchestra. Just days later she gave recitals in Italy, Ecce Homo Church in Ragusa (December 14), Santa Teresa Church in Scicli (December 15) and at the Mercedari Palace in Modica (December 18).
In 2004 and 2005, Seta mostly performed at concerts for charity or peace in her native Japan, including a memorial concert in Osaka on January 16, 2005, marking 10 years since the Great Hanshin earthquake. In April 2005 she visited the United States, performing in Los Angeles and New York City, giving Ginastera recitals at the Yamaha Center on April 10 and at Carnegie Hall and New York University on April 11 during which she performed Ginastera Sonata No.1 amongst others. In May 2005, Seta also performed with the Sudecka Philharmonic, during which she recited Mendelssohn - Trio I op. 39, Brahms - Trio III op. 87 and Ravel Piano Concerto G-Dur.
On September 29, 2006, Seta performed Ginastera's Piano Concerto No.1 with the Sudecka Philharmonic in Walbrzych. Then, in November 2006, she gave a series of concerts with Italian accordionist Gino Carbonaro in Osaka and Kobe. At Christmas 2006, Seta gave special Christmas concert solo recitals, entitled "All Liszt Program" at the Sogakudo Hall in Tokyo and at the Takarazuka Vega Hall in Hyogo. On July 27, 2007 she performed Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata" 3rd Movement and on September 28, 2007 she performed his "Für Elise". Between October 26 and October 30, 2007 she performed at the National Philharmonic in Warsaw, Poland as part of the Japanese week. 
On January 19, 2008. Seta performed in a memorial concert for Princess Galyani in Chiang Mai. After solo recitals in late June at the Sun Heart Music Hall and Nagahama Hall in Yokohama, Constanze House in Gifu and a Salon Concert at the Singapore Embassy in Tokyo, she went to Bulgaria in November, 2008. There she performed a Khachaturian Piano Concerto with the Sofia Philharmonic Orchestra on November 20, completed a Master Course at the Bulgaria National Music Academy the following day and reperformed the Khachaturian Piano Concerto on November 25 with the Stara Zagora Opera Philharmonic Orchestra in Stara Zagora Opera Hall. She gave a more private recital on November 27, 2008 at the Bulgaria Japanese Ambassador's residence.
On February 21, 2009, Seta performed a Piano Trio in Poland with Danuta Organisciuk and Wlodek Zylin, reciting Brahms C-Dur. A day later, she gave a solo recital in the town of Kudowa-Zdrój. Between May 22 and 24, 2009, she performed at the Garibaldi Theatre in Ragusa, Italy. On June 3, she performed with the Veliko Tarnovo Philharmonic Orchestra in Veliko Tarnovo, Bulgaria. On November 21, 2009, Seta performed with the Chiang Mai Philharmonic Orchestra. In 2010, she has mostly performed in her native Japan, in Kyoto, Osaka and Tokyo. On May 21, 2010 she is scheduled to play Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 23 with the Sudecka Philharmonic in Walbrzych, Poland.
Style.
A virtuoso, Seta is noted for her recitals of Beethoven, Chopin and Liszt and also Argentine composer Ginastera and Brahms. She is also well noted for her piano concertos performed with orchestras, particularly by composers such as Khachaturian, Ginastera and Rachmaninov, and has also performed concertos by Grieg and Tchaikovsky. Seta resides in Thailand and in February 2010 performed recitals of Chopin at Chopin's Anniversary concert. Seta also plays Japanese music and has performed the shamisen style music which originated from northern Japan during the aftermath of World War II. She has arranged many pieces in this style for piano. As a player she is fluid and noted in particular for her excellent control of dynamics, which enables her to perform this style effectively using sharp staccato, emulating the percussive sound of bachi against the strings of the shamisen in this musical style.

</doc>
<doc id="9872075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872075" title="10D">
10D

10D may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9872105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872105" title="Digital Bath">
Digital Bath

"Digital Bath" is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones from their third album, "White Pony". It features a variety of effects and sampling. The verse of "Digital Bath" is composed of echoed guitar chords and soothing, whispered vocals. The single also features a high vocal pitch from Chino Moreno virtually unheard in other Deftones material. It was only released as a promotional single. Moreno states that despite the "prettiness" of the song, it's actually about "electrocuting a girl in a bathtub".
A music video for the song was directed by Andrew Bennett. "Digital Bath" was performed live on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on February 9, 2001.
The song is played over the end credits of the 2001 horror movie Soul Survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="9872113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872113" title="Jimmy Downey">
Jimmy Downey

James "Jimmy" Downey (born 19 October 1987 in Gympie, Queensland, Australia) is an Australian footballer.
Club career.
Downey was with the Queensland Academy of Sport between 2003 and 2004 before joining the Australian Institute of Sport in 2005. Downey holds the AIS football program beep test record (16.3).
In March 2007 Downey was signed by Perth Glory where he is contracted to the end of the 2009/2010 A-League season. On 12 January 2010, it was announced he would be joining North Queensland for the rest of the 2009-10 season in a swap for striker Daniel McBreen.
He was released, along with all other North Queensland players. He signed up for Dutch Eerste Divisie side Sparta in July 2010.
He has come back to Australia and is playing with local club the Oakleigh Cannons, in the Victorian Premier League in a bid to gain a professional contract with an A-League club.
He scored his first goal for the club against St Albans Saints. He scored his second goal for the opening the scoring, against the Green Gully Cavaliers
He was since been signed by New Zealand A-League team Wellington Phoenix for the 2011–12 A-League season. 
Downey was released in June 2013, and is now a free agent.
International career.
Downey has played 13 games for the Young Socceroos, scoring one goal. He has also been called up for the Australia under 17 team.

</doc>
<doc id="9872137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872137" title="Jack Wells">
Jack Wells

John Hampson "Jack" Wells (May 13, 1911 in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan – May 26, 1999), also known as Cactus Jack, was a Winnipeg-based radio and television broadcaster specializing in sports. 
Wells's career began in 1936. While listening to a hockey broadcast on CFQC, Wells boasted he could do a better job than the guy on the mike. Dared by a chum to prove his claim, Jack applied for a job at the station, and was hired.
In 1939, he joined CJAT-FM in Trail, British Columbia as an all-round announcer and play-by-play man for the Trail Smoke Eaters. 
In 1941, he got a job as a sports announcer at CJRW in Winnipeg. CJRC provided Wells with his first experience in football broadcasting, and he began calling games for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. Jack became a free-lance broadcaster after gaining the exclusive rights to broadcast from Shea's Amphitheatre and Osborne Stadium which, in turn gave him the right to sell time to any one of the Winnipeg stations. 
It was during an announcing stint on CKY that Jack acquired his illustrious nickname. When Jack filled in for Porky Charbonneau on his western show, it occurred to Wells that he should have a moniker and adopted "Cactus" and it became one of the most famous in Canadian broadcasting.
During his career, Jack Wells broadcast on four Winnipeg stations - CKRC, CKY, CJOB and CFRW. In the early 50s, he became the first television voice of Western Conference Football for the CFL on CBC. In 1952, Wells turned down the play by play job on Hockey Night in Canada to remain in Winnipeg. The job eventually went to the Danny Gallivan. 
Wells was closely associated with the national curling scene, beginning in 1952 when he covered his first Macdonald Brier. In the following years, Wells reported on provincial events in Manitoba, the Brier, the women's Macdonald Lassie and the World Curling Championships. Wells was appointed Head of Public Relations in Western Canada for Macdonald Tobacco in 1970. 
Wells was inducted to the CAB Hall of Fame in 1988. In recognition of his broadcasting career the City of Winnipeg named a street linking Canad Inns Stadium and the former site of Winnipeg Arena after him. He is an “Honoured Member” of the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame.
His son, John Wells, worked with him at CKY and later became the first football play-by-play man at TSN.

</doc>
<doc id="9872173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872173" title="Mary Curzon, Baroness Curzon of Kedleston">
Mary Curzon, Baroness Curzon of Kedleston

Mary Victoria Curzon, Baroness Curzon of Kedleston, CI (27 May 1870 – 18 July 1906) was a British-American peeress who was Vicereine of India, as the wife of Lord Curzon of Kedleston, Viceroy of India.
In America.
She was born Mary Victoria Leiter in Chicago, the daughter of Mary Theresa (née Carver) and Levi Leiter, the wealthy co-founder of Field and Leiter dry goods business, and later partner in the Marshall Fields retail empire. On her father's side, she was of Swiss-German descent. Her family moved to Washington, D.C. in 1881 and entered the exclusive circle of official society there. They lived for several years in the former home of James G. Blaine on Dupont Circle. She was taught dancing, singing, music, and art at home by tutors and learned the French language from her French governess. A Columbia University professor taught her history, arithmetic, and chemistry. Travel and prolonged residence abroad cultivated her powers of observation and breadth of mental vision at an early age. Her poise and finish made her charming to those with mature and brilliant intellect.
Mary was a striking six feet tall presence with a curvy figure. She had large grey eyes set in an oval face, glossy chestnut-brown hair drawn back into a loose knot at the nape of her neck, and delicate hands and feet.
Her debut was in winter of 1888. She was regarded an equal in beauty and breeding, and, frequently, superior in manner and intellect of daughters of better known and longer established families in eastern U.S. society. Prior to her marriage, her closest friend Frances Folsom Cleveland was six years her senior and the wife of a much older President Grover Cleveland.
In England.
The United States Ambassador to the Court of St. James's, Thomas F. Bayard, introduced Mary to London society in 1894. She met a young man, George Curzon, a Conservative Member of Parliament who was thirty-five years old, had been representing Southport for eight years, and was heir to the Barony of Scarsdale. However, the position he had made for himself through his own talents was of more interest to her than his eventual inheritance, and his high reputation as a writer on the political questions in the East particularly attracted her admiration.
Mary Leiter and George Curzon were married on 22 April 1895 at St. John's Episcopal Church in Washington, D.C., by Bishop Talbot, assisted by the Rev. Dr. Mackay Smith, the pastor of the church.
She played an important role in the reelection of her husband to Parliament that autumn and many thought that his success was due more to the winning smiles and irresistible charm of his wife than to his own speeches. They had three daughters, Mary Irene (later Lady Ravensdale), in 1896, Cynthia Blanche (first wife of Sir Oswald Mosley), on 23 August 1898, lastly, Alexandra Naldera, on 20 April 1904 (wife of Edward "Fruity" Metcalfe, the best friend, best man, and equerry of Edward VIII); best known as "Baba" Metcalfe.
In India.
Her husband accepted the position of Viceroy of India and was elevated to the Peerage of Ireland as Baron Curzon of Kedleston in the summer of 1898 at age thirty-nine. On 30 December they arrived in Bombay to the greetings of royal salutes and great excitement. She instantly made an impression of beauty and respect that soon spread all over India. They were greeted in Calcutta a few days later with great enthusiasm. It was estimated that over one hundred thousand people witnessed the magnificent spectacle of their reception at Government House. The Indian poet, Ram Sharma referred to her in his welcome address to Lord Curzon of Kedleston, as:
A vision of embodied light.""
Another declared her to be:
""Like a diamond set in gold the full moon in a clear autumnal sky.""
In 1901 Turner first raised the ""Lady Curzon"", was a hybrid ("R. macrantha x R. rugosa Rubra") in her honor. It has a soft iridescent pink/violet shade, 10 cm flowers, and a sweet scent.
In 1902 Lord Curzon organized the Delhi Durbar to celebrate the coronation of King Edward VII, ""the grandest pageant in history"", which created a tremendous sensation. At the state ball Mary wore an extravagant coronation gown, by the House of Worth of Paris, known as the peacock dress, stitched of gold cloth embroidered with peacock feathers with a blue/green beetle wing in each eye, which many mistook for emeralds, tapping into their own fantasies about the wealth of millionaire heiresses, Indian potentates and European royalty. The skirt was trimmed with white roses and the bodice with lace. She wore a huge diamond necklace and a large broach of diamonds and pearls. She wore a tiara crown with a pearl tipping each of its high diamond points. It was reported that as she walked through the hall the crowd was breathless. This dress is now on display at the Curzon estate, Kedleston Hall.
Lord and Lady Curzon were loudly criticised for the huge expense of this extravagant event and their own personal lifestyle, but their defenders pointed out that no money went out of the country—that it all came out of the pockets of the rich and was paid into the hands of the poor. What the government and the native princes and nobles expended in their splendid displays was paid to working people who needed it, and by throwing this large amount of money into circulation, the entire country benefited by it.
Lady Curzon contributed to the design of the exquisitely rich and beautiful coronation robe of Queen Alexandra of Great Britain, made from gold fabric woven and embroidered in the same factory in Chandni Chauk Delhi where she ordered all the materials for her own state gowns. The factory owner said that she had the rarest taste of any woman he knew, and that she was the best dressed woman in the world—an opinion shared by others.
Lady Curzon was an invaluable commercial agent for the manufacturers of the higher class of fabrics and art objects in India. She wore Indian fabrics, and as a result many of them became fashionable in Calcutta and other Indian cities as well as in London, Paris, and the capitals of Europe. She placed orders for her friends and strangers. She assisted the silk weavers, embroiderers, and other artists to adapt their designs, patterns, and fabrics to the requirements of modern fashions. 
She kept several of the best artists in India busy with orders and soon saw the results of her efforts, reviving skilled arts that almost had been forgotten. Lady Curzon was tutored in Urdu by the Mohyal patriarch Bakhshi Ram Dass Chhibber.
Progressive medical reforms were initiated by English women in India under the leadership of the Marchioness of Dufferin and Lady Curzon by supplying women doctors and hospitals for women. There is a Lady Curzon Hospital in Bangalore, shown to the right.
William Eleroy Curtis's dedication of his book ""Modern India"" is: ""To Lady Curzon, An ideal American woman""
On 4 November 1902 Lady Curzon wrote from Viceroy's Camp, Simla, to Lady Randolph Churchill advising her on the appropriate headgear to wear in Delhi, saying that she is looking forward to seeing her and that she will not need an ayah in addition to her maid. 
In 1903 she sailed on a yacht from Karachi for a tour of the Persian Gulf with Lord Curzon, Ignatius Valentine Chirol, young Winston Churchill and other notable guests.
In 1904, Lady Curzon traveled by train with Lord Curzon to Dhaka and toured the Shahbagh area in a fleet of Dechamp Tonneau-model 1902 automobiles. (photo: Fritz Kapp)
Lady Curzon learned about the Great One-horned Rhinoceros of Kaziranga from her tea-plantation friends and wanted to see them. In the winter of 1904 she visited the Kaziranga area, and saw some of their hoof marks, but was disappointed by not having seen a single rhinoceros. It was reported that the noted Assamese animal tracker, Balaram Hazarika, showed Lady Curzon around Kaziranga and impressed upon her the urgent need for its conservation. Concerned about the dwindling numbers of rhinoceros, she asked her husband to take the necessary action to save the rhinoceros, which he did. The Kaziranga Proposed Reserve Forest thus was created. Later it was developed into the Kaziranga National Park.
Private life.
The Curzons' youngest daughter, Alexandra Naldera, was conceived in July 1903 at Naldehra, 25 km from Shimla, She was born on 20 March 1904. She later became a mistress of Oswald Mosley, her sister Cynthia's husband, as did their stepmother, Grace Curzon Her oldest sister Irene had a short affair with Mosley before Cynthia married him.
Lady Curzon was never able to give Curzon the son and heir he desperately desired. Her demanding social responsibilities, tropical climate, a prolonged near fatal infection following miscarriage, and fertility-related surgery eroded her health. Convalescence trips to England failed to heal her. When they returned to England after Curzon's resignation in August 1905, her health was failing. She died on 18 July 1906 at home at 1 Carlton House Terrace, Westminster, London, at age thirty-six. 
It is said that Lady Curzon, after having seen the Taj Mahal on a moonlit night, exclaimed in her bewilderment that she was ready to embrace an immediate death if someone promised to erect such a memorial on her grave. 
Following Lady Curzon's death, in 1906, Lord Curzon had a memorial chapel built in his late wife's honour, attached to the parish church at Kedleston Hall. Lady Curzon is buried, with her husband, in the family vault beneath it. The design of the chapel, by G. F. Bodley, does not resemble the Taj Mahal, but is in the decorated Gothic style. It was completed in 1913.
In the chapel Curzon expressed his grief at his wife's premature death by charging the sculptor, Sir Bertram Mackennal, to create a marble effigy for her tomb which: ""expressed as might be possible in marble, the pathos of his wife's premature death and to make the sculpture emblematic of the deepest emotion."" Later, Curzon's own effigy was added to lie beside that of his wife's, as his remains do in the vault beneath. Curzon's second wife chose to be buried in the churchyard outside.

</doc>
<doc id="9872174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872174" title="F. Yates">
F. Yates

F. Yates is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="9872180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872180" title="Furuichi Kōi">
Furuichi Kōi

Biography.
In 1854 he was born as a son of Furuichi Takashi who was Himeji Domain’s member in Edo. In 1869, he entered "Kaisei gakkō", in 1870, he was elected student on scholarship in Himeji Domain, and entered "Daigaku Nankō", then studied abroad to Ecole Centrale des Arts et Manufactures in Paris as the Ministry of Education first student studying abroad. In 1879, he graduated and got the degree of BE. In the same year he entered the Faculty of Science of University of Paris, in 1889 graduated, got Bachelor of Science, and went home and took up a post as "Naimushō Doboku-kyoku Yatoi". In 1881, he became the University of Tokyo lecturer and after that, he concurrently held the posts of the university teacher with the bureaucrat technical expert. 
In 1886, when he was 32 years old, he was installed in "Kōka Daigaku" which was the forerunner of Tokyo Daigaku Kōgakubu (the University of Tokyo engineering department) first president, in 1888 was received the degree of the first "Kōgaku Hakushi" (Doctor of Engineering) and in 1894 was installed in the first engineering works Doboku Gikan (Vice-Minister for Engineering Affairs) in Naimushō. He attempted to improve an engineering works public administration and established Doboku Hōki (an engineering works law). His typical services include the construction of Yokohama-ko. He helped to improve the reputation of engineering in Japan in the world as the first chairman of Nihon Kōgakkai (Japan Federation of Engineering Societies).

</doc>
<doc id="9872202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872202" title="Northfield Mountain Tailrace Tunnel">
Northfield Mountain Tailrace Tunnel

The Northfield Mountain Tailrace Tunnel is a tunnel linking the Northfield Mountain pumped-storage hydroelectric facility to the Connecticut River in Millers Falls, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="9872214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872214" title="Schizoid (video game)">
Schizoid (video game)

Schizoid is an action game which focuses on teamwork. Players must co-operate to protect each other from barrages of glowing enemies. The title was developed by Torpex Games and launched on Xbox Live Arcade on July 9, 2008.
Schizoid was nominated for two Xbox Live Arcade 2008 awards: "Best Original Game" and "Best Co-Operative Multiplayer Game". "Penny Arcade" awarded "Schizoid" a place in their "PAX 10" awards, as one of the best independently-developed games of the year "in terms of gameplay and 'fun factor'."
Gameplay.
Two player-controlled ships, colored red and blue, are maneuvered around a game level. Red and blue enemies charge at the ships of the opposite color. If a player ship touches an enemy of the same color, the enemy is destroyed; but if the enemy is of the opposite color, the player ship is destroyed. When all red and blue enemies are cleared from the level, the level ends and players begin the next level.
Two single-player game modes are available: "Wingman Bot Training", in which the player controls the blue ship and a bot controls the red ship; and "Uberschizoid", in which the player controls both ships simultaneously. One multiplayer game mode is available, playable either as an Xbox Live game over an Internet connection, or with two players at the same console in "Local Co-op" game mode.
The only control used on the game controller during the game is the left thumbstick, unless playing in Uberschizoid game mode, in which case the player uses both thumbsticks to control the two ships.
During gameplay, the two ships must work closely together to clear enemies from the levels. Each player ship alone is completely vulnerable to enemies of the opposite color; only the other player ship can provide a rescue.
Game progress is saved at a checkpoint after completing a "chamber" of seven levels before the players' 10 lives are exhausted. If the players complete any level without losing any lives, the players earn a "gold star" for that level. In subsequent games, any time the player goes through that chamber, the game will automatically skip past any level that has a gold star, making it more likely the player will be able to finish the chamber before his 10 lives are exhausted. Schizoid has 119 levels, followed by a sequence of "Infinity Chamber" levels, which are randomly generated by the game.
Torpex Games calls "Schizoid" "the most co-op game ever" because of the tight cooperation required to play multiplayer games. (Official Xbox Magazine wrote of this claim, "It ain't lying.") The game's "Uberschizoid" single-player game mode is apparently intended for hardcore gamers; IGN claimed of Uberschizoid, "Your brain will never be the same."
Development history.
"Schizoid" is notable for being the first Xbox Live Arcade game built using XNA Game Studio Express; "Aegis Wing" had been created using pre-XNA tools.
Development of the game started in September 2006. The first prototype of core gameplay was completed in just four days.
Richard Garfield, famous for creating , helped in the design of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9872258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872258" title="Patagonian tinamou">
Patagonian tinamou

The Patagonian tinamou ("Tinamotis ingoufi") also known as Ingouf’s tinamou is a member of the most ancient group of bird families, the tinamous. This species is native to southern South America
Taxonomy.
The Patagonian tinamou is a monotypic species. All tinamou are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Description.
The Patagonian tinamou is approximately in length. Its upper parts are grey spotted with black, its throat is white, its breast is rufous and its belly is cinnamon.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the ornate tinamou eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from as many as 4 different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own, usually 2–3 weeks. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
The Patagonian tinamou inhabits temperate grassland habitats at altitude . It can also be found on savannah and brushland. Its range is southern Chile and southwestern Argentina.
Conservation.
The IUCN list this species as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9872265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872265" title="Hazlehurst City School District">
Hazlehurst City School District

The Hazlehurst City School District is a public school district based in Hazlehurst, Mississippi (USA).
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 1,174 students enrolled in the Hazlehurst City School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 95.74% African American, 1.23% White, 2.92% Hispanic, and 0.12% Asian. 85.3% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9872288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872288" title="Kettu Kalyanam">
Kettu Kalyanam

Kettu Kalyanam, also known as Thali Kettu was the name of an elaborate marriage ceremony of the Samanthans, Nairs, Maaran, and Ambalavasis communities of the Indian state of Kerala. The customs varied from region to region and caste to caste.

</doc>
<doc id="9872309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872309" title="Scott McCulloch">
Scott McCulloch

Scott McCulloch (born 29 November 1975, Cumnock) is a Scottish footballer, who is currently without a club after being released by Scottish Third Division side Stenhousemuir.

</doc>
<doc id="9872339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872339" title="They Came from the Sun">
They Came from the Sun

They Came From the Sun is the second and last album by British post-hardcore band . The album was released on 2 April 2007 under V2 Records. The song "" was originally called 'Second Mater Responds' in relation to the song 'First Mater Responds' which featured on their mini-album "All Roads to Fault". The title was changed to 'Understand' shortly before the album's release.
Videos were made for the singles, "" and "I'm Impressed". "Translate" was released as a free download from the band's website with downloadable artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="9872347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872347" title="Kapudan Pasha">
Kapudan Pasha

The Kapudan Pasha (, modern: "Kaptan Paşa"), formerly known as the Captain Pasha, was the admiral of the navy of the Ottoman Empire. He was also known as the Derya Bey ("Bey of the Sea") and as the Kapudan-ı Derya (Ottoman: کاپیتان دریا, modern: "Kaptan-ı Derya", "Captain of the Sea"). Typically, he was based at Galata and Gallipoli during the winter and charged with annual sailings during the summer months.
The title "Derya Bey" was first granted during the reign of Bayezid I as an official rank within the state structure. Following the Conquest of Constantinople, Mehmet II raised Baltaoğlu Süleyman Bey to the status of sanjak bey for his efforts against the Byzantines in the Golden Horn. Baltaoğlu received the sanjak of Gallipoli (the principal Turkish naval base) and the kazas of Galata (until the Conquest a Genovese colony) and İzmit (whose tax remittance consisted of ship timber). The success of Hayreddin Barbarossa saw the Kapudan Pasha elevated to the ranks of beylerbey and vizier in 1535, with his territories expanded into the Province of the Islands and Algiers. Hayreddin's successors succeeded to these holdings, but saw their rank drop to two-horsetail vizier for several centuries. As a part of the Tanzimat reforms, the Province of the Islands was reduced in rank and granted to the wali of Rhodes in 1848. The Kapudan Pashas retained their rank but were thereafter solely military servicemen.
A total of 161 captains served until 13 March 1867 when the post was abolished and replaced by ministers ("Bahriye Nazırı") of the Ottoman Naval Ministry. After 1877, these were replaced by the Fleet Commanders.
For a list of Kapudan Pashas, see List of Kapudan Pashas.

</doc>
<doc id="9872351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872351" title="Henn">
Henn

Henn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9872359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872359" title="Arhopala bazaloides">
Arhopala bazaloides

The Tamil Oakblue, Arhopala bazaloides is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. Also known as Lycaenidae, they are members of the superfamily Papilionoidea, the true butterflies. This family has approximately 4,700 species that are unevenly distributed throughout the world, however the distribution of the Tamil Oakblue is limited only to Southern India and Sri Lanka.
The adults are of a small size, often brilliantly colored—electric blues, reds, and oranges. Females lay single, sea urchin shaped eggs on host leaves or flower buds; the resulting caterpillars are typically slug-shaped. In many species, caterpillars depend on ants for protection, so caterpillars produce sugary secretions that are collected by the ants, in a symbiotic relationship. Most individuals overwinter in either the egg or pupal stage.

</doc>
<doc id="9872366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872366" title="Zori Balayan">
Zori Balayan

Zori Balayan () born February 10, 1935 in Stepanakert is an Armenian novelist, journalist, sports doctor, traveler and sports expert. He was awarded the "Renowned master of the Arts" an Armenian official title.
Biography.
Born in Stepanakert, Nagorno-Karabakh AO, Azerbaijan SSR. He graduated the Ryazan State Medical University in 1963. From 1971 to 1973 he traversed the Kamchatka and Chokotskaya tundras on dog-sleds, traveling as far as the North Sea. In his essay "Hearth", published during the pre-perestroika era, he tried to demonstrate the Armenian identity of Nagorno-Karabakh and identified Nakhichevan as historically belonging to Armenia. He further regarded Turks (including Azerbaijan) as an enemy of both Russia and Armenia. Azerbaijani historian Isa Gambar criticized Balayan's book in an article entitled "Old Songs and New Legends". British journalist and author Thomas de Waal called Zori Balayan "chauvunistic intellectual warrior," whose book "Hearth" "might never have been allowed to spread".
In 1988 he and Armenian poet Silva Kaputikyan were received by Mikhail Gorbachev and discussed the absence of Armenian-language television programs and textbooks in Nagorno-Karabakh schools as well as other concerns of Karabakh's majority-Armenian population. 
In October 1993, he signed the Letter of Forty-Two.
Balayan is a journalist for the weekly Russian-language publication "Literaturnaya Gazeta".
False allegation.
Azerbaijani's cite a paragraph from a book, "Revival of Our Souls" while other websites say "Revival of Our Spirits", supposedly written by Zori Balayan where he admits to killing a Turkish child. Azerbaijani's go as far as to cite the pages, which the quote is on, the publisher company and publication city. The paragraph states: 
Zori Balayan has come out denying having ever written such a book saying: 
The Armenian Foreign Ministry stated:
Ayse Gunaysu, member of the Committee Against Racism and Discrimination of the Human Rights Association of Turkey (Istanbul branch):
Onur Caymaz, a progressive, democratic-minded Turkish writer:
Interpol.
The authorities in Azerbaijan allege that Balayan was involved in a terrorist bombing of the metro in Baku in 1994. General secretary of Interpol, in a letter to Balayan, stated that the agency considered the complaint politically motivated and that it had removed Balayan from its wanted list as a result.
Critics in Armenia.
Balayan's views and alleged lobbist activities were criticized also by Armenian authors, including Igor Muradyan and Levon Ter-Petrosian. Balayan's letter to Vladimir Putin met harsh criticism in Armenia and Karabakh in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9872373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872373" title="Josefina Vicens">
Josefina Vicens

Josefina Vicens (1911 – November 22, 1988) was a Mexican novelist, screenwriter and journalist. Although she only published two novels, she is regarded as a pillar of modern Mexican literature.
"El libro vacio" (The Empty Book) was the first Mexican meta-literary novel, using the resources of the "Nouveau Roman". It was awarded the Xavier Villarrutia Prize in 1958. It has recently been selected by the National Commission of Mexico for UNESCO's Literature & Translation project.
Filmography.
Vicens' many scripts include two that were nominated for the Ariel Award, Mexico's top film award.

</doc>
<doc id="9872377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872377" title="Copiah County School District">
Copiah County School District

The Copiah County School District is a public school district based in Copiah County, Mississippi (USA).
The district serves the communities of Crystal Springs, Wesson, Georgetown, and Beauregard.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 2,914 students enrolled in the Copiah County School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 48% female and 52% male. The racial makeup of the district was 59.33% African American, 38.88% White, 1.65% Hispanic, and 0.14% Asian. 64.7% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9872388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872388" title="Jet Falcon">
Jet Falcon

Jet Falcon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9872399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872399" title="Surendra quercetorum">
Surendra quercetorum

The Common Acacia Blue, "Surendra quercetorum" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 
The larvae feed on "Acacia pennata" and "Acacia caesia".

</doc>
<doc id="9872400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872400" title="Company of Strangers (Colin Hay album)">
Company of Strangers (Colin Hay album)

Company Of Strangers is the seventh solo album by Scottish-Australian singer Colin Hay. It was released in 2002 on Hay's independent record label, Lazy Eye.
In Erelwine's Allmusic review he indicates that whilst the album was largely unnoticed in 2002, it did become a minor pivotal moment in Hay's career. "At this time, he had yet to become a regular on L.A.’s Largo-based singer/songwriter scene and was still struggling to shake off the stigma of being a new wave relic. While he was struggling to hit upon the right image, he had found the right sound, creating nicely crafted mature music that swayed between sunbleached strummed acoustics and clever little pop numbers."
Other reviews of the album describe it as a powerful blend of acoustic guitars, rock and R&B styles, lush string arrangements, storytelling lyrics and distinctive vocal melodies, with highlights including the hard driving rocker, "I Got Woken Up", the delicate "Company of Strangers" and the colorful "Beautiful World".
In 2010 the album was remastered, re-packaged in an Eco wallet and re-issued by Compass Records, with the inclusion of a bonus track, an acoustic re-working of "Company of Strangers".
Track listing.
All songs written by Colin Hay, except where noted.
Beautiful World.
"Beautiful World" featured in the final episode, "My Last Day", of the first season of "Scrubs", which originally aired on May 21, 2002 on NBC, and on the 2002 "Music from " soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="9872404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872404" title="Boss' Life">
Boss' Life

"Boss' Life" is the fourth and final single from Snoop Dogg's 8th studio album "Tha Blue Carpet Treatment". The song originally featured Akon, but due to label issues the original vocals have been replaced by new verses by Nate Dogg for the single version. The lyrics of Snoop Dogg were co-written by The D.O.C. It samples "If Tomorrow Never Comes" by The Controllers.
This is the last single that Nate Dogg was featured in before his death in 2011.
Reception.
The single was given a positive response from most critics.
Music video.
The music video premiered on BET's "Access Granted" on March 21, 2007 which features Snoop Dogg in a mansion with girls dancing around and ending with a big puff of smoke is blown that reads "Tha Blue Carpet Treatment". The video premiered on MTV's "TRL" on April 17, 2007 3:30pm est & pst with Snoop Dogg and Don Magic Juan being the guests of the show.
Remixes.
An official remix with additional verse by JT The Bigga Figga is available on DubCNN. It is also available on Snoop Dogg and JT the Bigga Figga's Myspace pages.

</doc>
<doc id="9872418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872418" title="Conor Mortimer">
Conor Mortimer

Conor Mortimer is a Gaelic footballer. A corner forward, he has played for the Mayo senior football team, Connacht provincial team in the Railway Cup and club football for Shrule-Glencorrib in Mayo and later with Dublin club Parnells. He has also played college football for DCU and UUJ.
Mortimer has twice played in All-Ireland senior finals (2004 and 2006), losing both. He left the Mayo team in 2012, missing what would have been a third losing All-Ireland senior final appearance.
Playing career.
Mortimer was a member of the 2004 and 2006 Mayo teams, both of which lost to Kerry in the All-Ireland Final. In 2006, Mortimer was the top scorer in the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship (1-32) as Mayo took the Connacht title, came from behind to beat Dublin in the semi-final but were ultimately thrashed by Kerry in the 2006 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final. Rewarding his own great year, Mortimer was selected in the 2006 GAA Football All Stars and the GPA Gaelic Team of the Year.
Mortimer quit the Mayo football panel the week of the 2012 Connacht football final against Sligo after losing his place on the first team to Enda Varley. Former manager John Maughan expressed regret that Mortimer still has much to offer the county cause. A Mortimerless Mayo went on to reach the 2012 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship Final, which they lost to Donegal. Conor is the all time leading championship scorer for Mayo.
Family.
Conor's brother Kenneth is a dual All Star recipient. Another brother, Trevor is a former member of the Mayo Senior Football Panel.

</doc>
<doc id="9872420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872420" title="Iran–Venezuela relations">
Iran–Venezuela relations

Iran–Venezuela relations (Spanish: "Las relaciones de Irán y Venezuela"; Persian: روابط ایران و ونزوئلا) have strengthened substantially in recent years. The two countries are strategic allies. The presidents of Venezuela and Iran, President Hugo Chavez and President Ahmadinejad, respectively, had both described themselves on the world stage as opposed to "US imperialism". Citing this commonality of opinion, they regard each other as allies, and they have embarked on a number of initiatives together. For example, on January 6, 2007, the two announced that they would use some money from a previously-announced $2bn joint fund to invest in other countries that were "attempting to liberate themselves from the imperialist yoke", in Chavez's words. The two presidents declared an "axis of unity" against "US imperialism".
History.
President Chávez had developed strong ties with the government of Iran, in particular in the area of energy production, economic, and industrial cooperation. He has visited Iran on several occasions, the first time in 2001, when he declared that he came to Iran to "prepare the road for peace, justice, stability and progress for the 21st century". Mohamed Khatami also has visited Venezuela on three occasions. During his 2005 visit, Chávez awarded him the "Orden del Libertador" and called him a "tireless fighter for all the right causes in the world". In May 2006, Chávez expressed his favorable view of the production of nuclear energy in Iran announced by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and denied that they had plans to develop atomic weapons. His relationship with Iran and his support of their nuclear program has created concern for the US administration.
On March 16, 2007, Chavez said in a television interview that he disagreed with President Ahmadinejad's alleged call to "wipe Israel off the map" (which is a mistranslation) saying "I don't support causing harm to any nation.". (See also Israel-Venezuela relations.)
Chávez paid a two-day visit to Iran when the government faced international criticism for continuing its nuclear program and backing Hezbollah guerrillas. On Chávez's birthday, July 28, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad presented Chávez with Iran's highest honor for "supporting Tehran in its nuclear standoff with the international community".
Chávez pledged that Venezuela would "stay by Iran at any time and under any condition." He said 
"We are with you and with Iran forever. As long as we remain united we will be able to defeat (U.S.) imperialism, but if we are divided they will push us aside".
"Reuters" reported that Chávez told a crowd at the University of Tehran, "If the U.S. empire succeeds in consolidating its dominance, then the humankind has no future. Therefore, we have to save the humankind and put an end to the U.S. empire". The reports adds that Chávez slashed out at Israel and labeled the 2006 Lebanon offensive as "fascist and terrorist."
Academic relations.
At a time when Venezuela and Russia were working on nuclear cooperation, the Iranian Minister of Science, Research and Technology, Mohammad Mehdi Zahedi, headed a delegation to Caracas to hold talks with high-ranking officials in order to follow up on implementation of agreements which had been inked between the two countries in 2006. Additionally, two technical and educational committees for implementing Iran-Venezuela agreements were also set up. The Iranian delegation visited the Venezuelan Foundation for Seismological Research, Caracas Central University, Simon Bolivar University, and the Venezuelan Institute for Scientific Research. Beyond the political-military sphere the two countries also pledged to work together academically in the commissioning of a new university programme at the existing, tuition-free Bolivarian University, with a focus on teaching socialist principles and to promote discussion of "21st century socialism." The government of Venezuela said this followed with plans to establish the University of Civilizations under accords recently signed with Iran.
Trade relations.
As of the end of 2008, Iran's beneficence to Venezuela had paid dividends in the form of an Iranian ammunition factory, a car assembly plant, a cement factory and even direct air service between Tehran, Damascus and Caracas courtesy of Iran Air, amongst others. 
Trade between Venezuela and Iran grown steadily and the two countries have launched joint ventures in a number of sectors, including energy, agriculture, housing, and infrastructure (2008). The value of industrial development projects carried out by Iranian firms in Venezuela stands at around $4 billion (December 2008). Iran-Venezuela bilateral trade spiked, from less than $189,000 in 2001 to almost $57 million by the end of 2008.
In 2007, Iran Air, in partnership with Conviasa, started a Tehran-Caracas flight via Damascus. The flights along with the partnership between Conviasa and Iran Air ceased in 2010.
Venezuela threat to sell F-16 fleet to Iran.
In 2006, the Iranian media have published series of reports that suggested Venezuela was interested to sell its 21 F-16 Fighting Falcons to Iran. The rumours were confirmed, when a Hugo Chavez advisor told the Associated Press that: "Venezuela's military is considering selling its fleet of U.S.-made F-16 fighter jets to another country, possibly Iran, in response to a U.S. ban on arms sales to President Hugo Chavez's government". In response, Sean McCormack, the U.S. State Department spokesman, warned Venezuela and suggested: "Without the written consent of the United States, Venezuela can't transfer these defense articles, and in this case F-16s, to a third country".
Relations with other South American countries.
Trade between Iran and Brazil quadrupled between 2002 and 2007, and it will further increase as much as fivefold, from $2 billion to $10 billion annually. In addition to Brazil, Iran has signed dozens of economic agreements with Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador and Nicaragua. In Nicaragua, Iran and Venezuela have agreed to invest $350 million in building a deepwater seaport off the Caribbean coast, in addition to a cross-country system of pipelines, rails and highways. Iranian firms are also planning to build two cement factories in Bolivia. Other developments include the agreement reached with Ecuador to build a cement factory as well as several other industrial cooperation MoUs (2008). In the four years after Ahmadinejad ascended to the Iranian presidency in 2005, Iran opened six new embassies in Latin America. The new embassies are located in Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Nicaragua and Uruguay - in addition to the five already in operation in Argentina, Brazil, Cuba, Mexico and Venezuela.
"G-2 summit" and development bank.
During the 2009 G-20 London summit, Chavez and Ahmadinejad held their own meeting which they called the "G-2" summit, at which the formation of a joint Iranian-Venezuelan development bank was announced, initially with US$200 million capital.
Bilateral visits.
During a visit to Iran in 2010 by Hugo Chavez, he condemned "military attack threats against Iran by some countries. We know that they can never thwart the Islamic Revolution." He also said that as a result of such "great threats" it was necessary to "consolidate strategic alliances in political, economic, technological, energy and social areas." Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, also supported the comments for a "strategic alliance;" he also added that "We are united and determined to end the current unjust which dominates the world and replace it with a new world order based on justice. Iran and Venezuela are united to establish a new world order based on humanity and justice. We believe that the only result of bullying movements of imperialism all around the world, and especially in Latin America, will be the fast decline of imperial power." The two countries also signed deals in areas such as oil, natural gas, textiles, trade and public housing.
U.S. Congress Examines Iranian Links.
In early 2012, the U.S. Congress began to voice escalating concern over Iran's interests in Latin America, particularly its relations with Venezuela. On January 18, Representative Jeff Duncan (R - South Carolina) introduced the "Countering Iran in the Western Hemisphere Act of 2012". The bill called on the United States to use all elements of national power to counter Iran’s growing presence and hostile activity in the Western Hemisphere. Then, on February 2, Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL) convened a Committee on Foreign Affairs hearing on Iranian activity in the Western Hemisphere. Finally, on March 7, Duncan’s legislation concerning the Iranian government’s activities in the Western Hemisphere passed out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee with strong bipartisan support. 
Following the hearings, a number of independent reports and position papers were released which appeared to legitimize the threat posed by Iranian activity in the Western Hemisphere. This included a major study by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in March 2012. However, it was also suggested that partisan politics contributed to Republicans' interest in the topic.
The "Countering Iran in the Western Hemisphere Act of 2012" currently is before the House of Representatives for consideration. If passed into law by Congress, the bill will require the U.S. Secretary of State to submit to Congress a strategy to address Iran's growing presence and activity in the Western Hemisphere within 180 days of enactment.

</doc>
<doc id="9872422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872422" title="Zinaspa todara">
Zinaspa todara

The Silver Streaked Acacia Blue, "Zinaspa todara " is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9872426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872426" title="Mercenary from Tomorrow">
Mercenary from Tomorrow

Mercenary from Tomorrow is a 1968 science fiction novel written by Mack Reynolds. It is the first in a series about Joe Mauser, a soldier in a rigid, caste-based society that makes it very difficult to better oneself.
Plot summary.
Western society is split up into nine castes, from Lower-Lower to Mid-Lower all the way up to the privileged Upper-Upper. Mauser himself was born a Mid-Lower. Ambitious, he had chosen one of the few professions, Category Military, where upward mobility was still a reasonable possibility.
To prevent any chance of a ruinous war between the West and the Sov-world, the Universal Disarmament Pact had restricted all militaries to pre-1900 technology. Gradually, powerful corporations began settling business disputes by hiring troops to fight real battles ("fracases") on one of many military reservations. This served a dual purpose: to maintain a military well-honed by actual combat and to provide the decadent general population with a diversion. The life-and-death struggles are so popular that they are televised.
Mauser had worked his way up to captain and Middle-Middle status after many years of effort. When upstart Vacuum Tube Transport finds itself forced into an expensive, division-sized fracas with Continental Hovercraft, he sees his opportunity. He signs up with the underdog, even though the much wealthier Continental is able to hire the best soldiers available, including Marshal "Stonewall" Cogswell, the finest commander in the business. Mauser tells Baron Haer, the head of Vacuum Tube, that he can engineer an improbable victory with a gimmick he has been working on for a long time; in return, he expects the baron's support which, in conjunction with his anticipated popularity with fracas fans, should be enough to get him promoted into the Upper caste. The baron's son, Bart, scoffs at the undisclosed idea, but the baron is desperate for experienced officers and hires him. 
When the conflict starts, Mauser takes off in a glider, something no one else had thought of before. Powered aircraft were not invented before 1900, but gliders had been. From his vantage point, Mauser can see where all of the enemy forces are positioned. This information makes Cogswell's situation hopeless and he recommends to his employer that he settle quickly.
When Mauser returns in triumph to Vacuum Tube headquarters, he learns that Baron Haer has died of natural causes. His son does not have the deceased man's political influence, and has also invested heavily in the rival company, assuming his side will lose, so Mauser is out of luck. However, his unusual interest in the state of western civilization attracts the interest of Dr. Nadine Haer, the late baron's attractive, reform-minded daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="9872443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872443" title="Vic Belcher">
Vic Belcher

Victor George Belcher (24 August 1888 – 3 January 1977) was an Australian rules footballer, coach and umpire in the (then) Victorian Football League.
Playing career.
Belcher was born near Launceston and his family moved to Brunswick where he played for both All Stars and Coburg (VJFA) before joining his brother, Allan, at Brunswick in August 1905 .
Immediately successful as a defender, Belcher was selected in the back-pocket to represent the VFA in 1906 when they played the Bendigo and Northern District Association. That year he shared club's the best defender trophy. He was recruited by South Melbourne secretary Bert Howson and debuted for them in round 1, 1907. Despite residing in Brunswick, Belcher chose South because he supported them as a youth and cycled to the Lake Oval to train and play.
South made the 1907 grand final but lost to Carlton. Belcher began in defence but was moved to the ruck in the second quarter where he performed creditably. This match was an early indicator of Belcher's career. He was a tireless ruckman who could also play in a key position. South were premiers in 1909 and Belcher rucked the whole match.
In 1913 Belcher was elected South's captain, a position he would hold until 1917 and again in 1920. He had been stand-in captain in the 1912 semi-final against his brother's Essendon side and as a result they became the first brother's to not only captain opposing sides, but to also play on each other during the match. Essendon were victors. Two weeks later they met again in the grand final but not as captains as Charlie Ricketts had returned from injury. South lost again and not until 2013, did brothers face each other in a grand final.
Belcher was appointed South Melbourne captain-coach from 1914–15 and 1917, losing the 1914 grand final and finishing fifth and seventh in the other seasons. South had withdrawn from the VFL in 1916 at the height of the First World War.
As vice-captain in 1918 Belcher won his second premiership with South and enhanced his reputation as a good finals player. Collingwood led by 12 points at the final break of the grand final but South switched Belcher from defence to the ruck and he was instrumental in a comeback that saw South win by five points. Until 2012 he was the only person in VFL/AFL history to win two premierships with the South Melbourne Swans.
Belcher represented Victoria against South Australia twice in 1919, both times he was elected captain.
Upon his retirement at the end of the 1920 season Jack Worrall assessed his career: When he began playing senior football, Belcher was a ruckman, being as fine a performer in that position as any man playing. In his latter years he has been a noted defender, his coolness, judgement, fine marking qualities and dash making him an ideal back man and captain. Like the vast majority of champions Belcher has been fairness personified. He possesses fine spring and determination, was a hard man to beat and was a manly opponent
In 1996 Belcher was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame and in 2003 was named in the Sydney Swans Team of the Century.
Coaching career.
As a playing-coach Belcher guided South Melbourne in 53 matches. After a single season as an umpire in 1921 he was appointed coach of Fitzroy Football Club in 1922 and lead them to that season's premiership. He continued in 1923-24 finishing second and third respectively.
Having received a playing clearance from South Melbourne he was recruited by Launceston's City Football Club for the 1925 season. Belcher played regularly until a groin injury in a representative match ended his on-field season. City finished third for the season.
Belcher returned to Melbourne as non-playing coach of Fitzroy from 1926-27 then moved to a junior team, East Brunswick, as playing coach in 1928.
After a year on the committee Belcher was appointed non-playing coach at Brunswick in 1932.
Umpiring career.
Belcher had two stints as an umpire with the VFL and a single season with the VFA.
In 1921 he applied for a position as an umpire with the VFL. He was accepted and made his debut as a boundary umpire in round two's Melbourne versus Collingwood match earning Heritage Number 134. Belcher umpired 16 VFL matches during the season, all on the boundary, and was appointed to the 1921 VFL Grand Final. He returned to coaching the following season.
In 1928 Belcher trialled as a boundary umpire for the VFL but was unsuccessful and instead field umpired in the VFA seconds for the season. He trialled again in 1930 and was placed on the VFL list as a field umpire. As a country field umpire he officiated in 14 matches for the season. He was appointed to the Benalla-Mulwala association grand final which became a particularly violent match. It degenerated to a series of melees in the second half, although no blame was attached to Belcher.
During this period the VFL appointed one field umpire to senior matches as a boundary umpire in case of emergency. In this capacity Belcher officiated in his final senior match in round 5, 1930 - Geelong versus Carlton.
After being elected to a committee position with the Brunswick Football Club in January 1931 Belcher umpired only a single country match that season before retiring from umpiring for the final time.

</doc>
<doc id="9872445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872445" title="Serhat Ulueren">
Serhat Ulueren

Serhat Ulueren (born 1968 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a sports reporter and journalist, a native of Turkey. Serhat Ulueren started his journalism career in 1992. He is currently the director of Turkish football programme Telegol, screened every Sunday evening on Startv.recently Ulueren has documented many match-fixing (Ankaragücü 0:8 Galatasaray) cases in his Television program Telegol. Ulueren has also stated in an interview that he received threats from Diyarbakırspor due to his statements about Diyarbakırspor deserving to be relegated to the second division. Serhat Ulueren is believed to be a fan of Turkish giants Galatasaray, although never stating this on his show. Recently a group of Fenerbahçe fans angrily protested against Serhat Ulueren on the Bağdat Avenue, İstanbul. These protests were made following Ulueren's decision to invite confesser Cihan Oskay to his programme, Cihan Oskay made controversial claims about Fenerbahçe and Aziz Yıldırım being involved in match-fixing cases. Fenerbahçe board and its fans insisted that Ulueren acted unfairly and partially, as well as stating that Ulueren didn't ask for a response from Fenerbahçe based on these claims.
Recently Ulueren has been criticized due to the unfavoured and heated arguments that usually take place in his weekly programme Telegol. The television ratings have even decreased due to the unnecessary fall outs. Serhat works alongside: Ziya Şengül (a former player for Fenerbahçe and Turkey), Gökmen Özdenak (former striker for Galatasaray and Turkey), Adnan Aybaba (brother of a former Beşiktaş J.K. player), Sabri Ugan (presenter and commentator for Startv) and former Turkcell Super League referee Cem Papila. Serhat Ulueren is a close friend of fellow Startv journalists Süleyman Rodop (who has worked with Ulueren for about 18 years) and Ertem Şener (also a soccer commentator). 
At this present day; Serhat Ulueren works for Kanaltürk TV and presents Telegol and Son Kale which usually attract a high number of viewers each week.
He was found guilty by Turkish court because of aspersing and he was drawn jail terms for 11 months 20 days.
There are some allegations about him. One of them is that working his wife with Adnan Polat who was expresident of Galatasaray. Despite she was not capable, Adnan polat who was president of ceramic manufacturers association made her chief editor to magazine of ceramic manufacturers association and because of this Serhat Ulueren had made tricky television program for Adnan Polat.

</doc>
<doc id="9872447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872447" title="Buenos Aires 100 Kilómetros">
Buenos Aires 100 Kilómetros

Buenos Aires 100 kilómetros () is a 2004 Argentine, French, and Spanish, film, written and directed by Pablo José Meza. The picture features Juan Ignacio Perez Roca, Emiliano Fernández, Alan Ardel, Hernan Wainstein, Juan Pablo Bazzini, among others.
The film, partly funded by INCAA, tells a coming-of-age story in a town 100 kilometers from Buenos Aires.
Plot.
A group of five friends around thirteen years old begin to understand that life is not simply about riding bicycles, playing soccer games, or, if they can, enjoying the summer.
Guido (Alan Ardel) works under his father's orders and is sometimes rewarded with a beating.
Damian (Juan Pablo Bazzini) is an adopted child and, as such, suffers from an identity crisis that typically marks the teenage years.
Matias (Hernan Wainstein) is left outside his own house every night by his hateful parents.
Alejo (Emiliano Fernández) discovers that his mother has a lover and that women have desires and men have their failures.
Esteban (Juan Ignacio Perez Roca) is the goal-keeper of the football team and, as such, has the central role among his friends. Esteban draws his generosity from his family.
With their hormones kicking in due to reaching puberty, the boys become curious about women and begin to have sexual desires, yet they still have to deal with their parents and families.
They begin to spend time outside a women's hairdressing salon.
The five boys yearn to grow older faster and dream about a place outside of their small town.
Distribution.
The film was first presented at the Marrakech International Film Festival in Morocco on December 8, 2004. It opened wide in Argentina on February 10, 2005.
The picture was screened at various film festivals, including: the Toulouse Latin America Film Festival, France; the Cartagena Film Festival, Colombia; the Gramado Film Festival, Spain; the Huelva Latin American Film Festival, Spain; the Havana Film Festival, Cuba; and others.
Critical reception.
Deborah Young, film critic for "Variety" magazine and reporting from the San Sebastián International Film Festival, gave the film a mixed review and wrote, "There's a feeling of autobiography in Pablo Jose Meza's first feature, "Buenos Aires 100 km."...Without the sardonic edge of similar tales like the Uruguayan "25 Watts", pic also lacks the charm of a magic tale about growing up. What's on the screen is a notch franker than most TV fare, but not structured enough to win much play outside festivals...Aside from a few well-observed scenes and moments, there are a lot of warmed-over ideas and little compelling cinema."
"Sneersnipe Film Review", in a column reported from the Gramado Film Festival in Spain wrote, "Unpretentious and refreshingly touching, Pablo José Meza's film, "Buenos Aires 100 KM", tells the ordinary story of a group of 5 Argentine teenagers as they approach and apprehend the adult world and its brutal vanities for the first time."
Awards.
Wins
Nominations

</doc>
<doc id="9872452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872452" title="Burgess Whitehead">
Burgess Whitehead

Burgess Urquhart "Whitey" Whitehead (June 29, 1910 – November 25, 1993) was a Major League Baseball second baseman from 1933 to 1946. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals, New York Giants, and Pittsburgh Pirates.
Biography.
Whitehead was born in Tarboro, North Carolina. He attended the University of North Carolina and started his professional baseball career with the Class AAA Columbus Red Birds in 1931. He batted over .300 in each of the next three seasons, helping to lead the 1933 team to the American Association pennant.
In 1934 and 1935, Whitehead was a utility infielder for the National League Cardinals. He was a member of the 1934 World Series champion team and was friends with future Hall of Famer Dizzy Dean. Whitehead was selected to the All-Star team in 1935.
Whitehead was traded to the Giants in December. With a weak bat but a good glove at second base, he helped the Giants win two consecutive pennants in 1936 and 1937. In 1937, he led all second basemen in fielding percentage and putouts, and he was named to the All-Star team for the second time.
Before the 1938 season, Whitehead suffered a nervous breakdown following an appendectomy. He sat out the entire season. He came back in 1939 but hit poorly, and his behavior was erratic; he was suspended twice during the season and reportedly assaulted a woman in North Carolina. Nonetheless, Whitehead rejoined the Giants in 1940 and had a good season. His hitting numbers declined again in 1941, however, and he was sold to the International League's Toronto Maple Leafs.
In December 1942, Whitehead was inducted into the Army Air Force. He spent three years out of professional baseball and returned for one more major league season in 1946, with the Pirates. He hit a career-low .220 and went back to the minors with the Jersey City Giants. After two seasons in Jersey City, Whitehead retired.
Whitehead was married to the former Ruth Madre Lyon, and they had two children. He was the last surviving member of the St. Louis Cardinals' Gashouse Gang team that won the 1934 World Series. In 1981, he was inducted into the North Carolina Sports Hall of Fame.
Whitehead died of a heart attack in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="9872454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872454" title="Troides plato">
Troides plato

The Silver Birdwing ("Troides plato") is a birdwing butterfly endemic to Timor.
Described forms are "nychonia" Jordan, 1908 (male), "chitonia" Jordan, 1908 (male), and "delormei" Le Moult, 1931 (female).
Taxonomy.
Previously considered to be a subspecies of "haliphron", "plato" was raised to a full species by Haugum and Low on the basis of differences in the genitalia.
Ecozone.
Australasian ecozone
Related species.
"Troides plato" is a member of the "Troides haliphron" species group. The members of this clade are

</doc>
<doc id="9872455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872455" title="Percy Bentley">
Percy Bentley

Percy Bentley (13 December 1906 − 25 March 1982) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football League.
Bentley was a strong ruckman and great tactician who was a key player and coach for the Richmond Football Club during his era. He later coached Carlton Football Club during the 1940s and 1950s.
In 1996 Bentley was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
Career highlights.
Playing career:
Player honors:
Coaching record:

</doc>
<doc id="9872456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872456" title="Auto China">
Auto China

Beijing International Automotive Exhibition or Auto China (北京国际汽车展览会) is an auto show held biennially in Beijing, China since 1990. It has now become one of four top auto shows in the world along with Frankfurt (Frankfurt Motor Show), New Delhi (Auto Expo) and Detroit (North American International Auto Show). China is currently the largest and fastest growing auto market in the world.
2014.
Auto China 2014 was held at New China International Exhibition Center from April 20 to April 29.
2010.
Auto China 2010 was held at China International Exhibition Center from April 23 to May 2.
The following major introductions were presented at the 2010 show:
References.
12. Jaguar XJ Ultimate http://autoclubcar.com/2013-jaguar-xj-ultimate.html

</doc>
<doc id="9872478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872478" title="Loxura atymnus">
Loxura atymnus

The Yamfly , "Loxura atymnus" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
Yamfly was sighted in the Eastern Ghats in Andhra Pradesh by members of Butterfly Conservation Society, a Hyderabad based organisation. A solitary butterfly was found in the Rajahmundry-Rampachodavaram road in East Godavari district of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="9872479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872479" title="CssQuery">
CssQuery

cssQuery() is a cross-browser JavaScript function that enables querying of a DOM document using CSS selectors. All CSS1 and CSS2 selectors are allowed plus quite a few CSS3 selectors.
Usage.
codice_1
where selector (required) is a valid CSS selector and from (optional) is a document, element or array of elements which is filtered by selector.
The function returns a JavaScript array of elements. If there is no match, an empty array is returned.

</doc>
<doc id="9872483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872483" title="Richard Smeaton White">
Richard Smeaton White

Richard Smeaton White (March 17, 1865 – December 17, 1936) was a Canadian newspaper publisher and political figure. He sat for Inkerman division in the Senate of Canada as a Conservative from 1917 to 1936.
He was born in Hamilton, Ontario in 1865, the son of Richard White and Jean Riddel, and was educated in Montreal and at Bishop's College. He was publisher of the "Montreal Gazette" and editor from 1886 to 1896. White was also director of Stelco, the International Paper Company, the Anglo-American Paper Company and the Montreal Trust Company. He never married.
White died in office in 1936 in Montreal.
The town of Smeaton, Saskatchewan was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="9872497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872497" title="1st Open Russian Festival of Animated Film">
1st Open Russian Festival of Animated Film

The 1st Open Russian Festival of Animated Film was held in 1996 at a boarding house called "Birch Grove" near the town of Tarusa, Russia. Because of the extreme scarcity of Russian animation in the post-perestroika era, submissions from the last three years were accepted. Along with auteur films, commercial reels, video clips and television bumpers were allowed.
The prizes were handed out according to profession, and any member or guest of the festival was able to vote for their favourite film. The three leading winners were given wooden planks hewn by president Aleksandr Tatarskiy and signed by their colleagues. The festival served as a gathering for Russian animators who otherwise had few opportunities to see each other in an era after the break-up of Soyuzmultfilm. In addition to the festival, the location offered fresh air, skiing, and nearby historic sites.

</doc>
<doc id="9872537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872537" title="John Reardon">
John Reardon

John Henry Reardon (born July 30, 1975) is a Canadian actor and former football player. Prior to 2014, Reardon starred as Blake Laviolette on the CBC Television series "Arctic Air" and he currently has a recurring role as Greg Cameron on the Showcase series "Continuum".
Life and career.
Reardon studied Shakespeare at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in London, as well as improv at The Second City in Los Angeles and Toronto. While at Mount Allison University, Reardon considered pursuing a career in medicine, but growing up, his dream was to become a professional athlete. He was a Canadian former all-star college football player for Mount Allison from 1993 to 1997.
He started acting in 2001 and has appeared in several TV shows and movies, such as "Tru Calling" as Randall Thompson, "White Chicks" as Heath, "Scary Movie 4" as Jeremiah and "Merlin's Apprentice" as Jack. Starting in 2013, he has roles on both CBC's "Arctic Air" and Showcase's "Continuum". 
On "Arctic Air", John Reardon portrayed Blake Laviolette, a young, good-looking "Top Gun-type" pilot who was secretly involved with his coworker and fellow pilot Krista Ivarson. According to Reardon his character is "a fascinating duality because Blake is a bit of a cocky hotshot pilot who, I think, just found himself in the north and Yellowknife as a bit of a stepping stone to moving to what he probably considered his dream job. However, once he gets there, he starts to realize that there’s something about that part of the country that gets to people. In fact, it starts to get to him and he begins to fall in love with the north, followed by Krista Hutton. The priorities he had before all this end up changing and Blake becomes almost a prouder Yellowknifer than anyone else." 
On "Continuum", Reardon plays Greg Cameron, the husband of the main character, Kiera Cameron. According to Reardon, "Greg on the surface appears to be a clean-cut family man who is a respectable law-abiding member of society. The memory of Greg, along with their son Sam, is an anchor for Kiera when she is transported back in time and taken away from her family. However, as season one progresses, it appears that Greg may not be what he seems."
Personal life.
In 2008, Reardon married his girlfriend, Meghan Ory. The two had previously worked together on the miniseries "Merlin's Apprentice".

</doc>
<doc id="9872540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872540" title="Environmental Principles and Policies">
Environmental Principles and Policies

The book Environmental Principles and Policies: An Interdisciplinary Introduction, written by Professor Sharon Beder, examines six well-known environmental and social principles that have been used at the international and national level. It uses them to evaluate the new wave of market-based policy instruments that have been introduced in many countries.
Six principles.
The six principles discussed in the book are:
Interdisciplinary approach.
This book on environmental policy-making takes a critical and interdisciplinary approach. Rather than merely setting out policy options in a descriptive way, it evaluates policies from different perspectives. This enables readers to gain a thorough understanding of important principles and current policies, and also to be able to apply the various principles and critically evaluate them.
The author.
Professor Beder was included in a list of "Australia's most influential engineers", published by "Engineers Australia" in 2004. She was also included in "Bulletin Magazine's" "Smart 100" in 2003, and received the World Technology Award for Ethics in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9872547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872547" title="Germán Arciniegas">
Germán Arciniegas

Germán Arciniegas Angueyra (1900 - 1999) was a Colombian historian, author and journalist who was known for his advocacy of educational and cultural issues, as well as his outspoken opposition to dictatorship. He also served as a college professor and held positions in the government, including Minister of Education and several ambassadorships.
Family.
Arciniegas was the son of Rafael Arciniegas Tavera, a farmer, and his wife Aurora Angueyra Figueredo. He had three brothers and four sisters. His father died young, leaving his mother struggling to support the family. His maternal great-grandfather was Perucho Figueredo, an early Cuban freedom fighter who wrote La Bayamesa, Cuba's national anthem. Both of Perucho's daughters fled the country when he was executed. Luz, the younger daughter, was married to a Cuban engineer who went to Colombia to help build a railroad line. It was there, amid the dangers of the jungle, that Germán's mother was born.
Early years.
At the age of eighteen, he began studying law at the National University of Colombia. At that time he had already created two journals: "Año Quinto" (1916) and "Voz de la Juventud" (1917). While a student he founded and managed the magazine "Universidad" (1921). He collaborated with many well-known figures at all three periodicals, including Luis López de Mesa, José Vasconcelos, León de Greiff and José Juan Tablada, who introduced the haiku into Spanish literature via "Universidad". His love of journalism led him to establish and manage numerous cultural magazines throughout his life. In 1928, he joined El Tiempo, a daily newspaper in Bogotá, where he managed the editorial section, put together the Sunday Literary Supplement and wrote a weekly column, becoming the general manager in 1937. He would continue to contribute articles and opinion pieces to El Tiempo for the rest of his life, speaking out against drug trafficking, Marxist guerrillas and restrictive immigration policies.
With the assistance of Carlos Pellicer, he established the Federation of Colombian Students. The group opposed Jesuit influence in the nation's universities and held student carnivals which verged on riots. He narrowly missed being killed when a bullet grazed his head at one student rally. Their activism eventually helped to end the Conservative Party's grip on the government and, in 1933, led to the passage of university reforms, which gave students the right to elect their own rectors and have a representative in the legislature to act as their advocate; a position Arciniegas held for a time. For him, students were the axis around which all political and intellectual movements had turned throughout history. This gave rise to his first book "El Estudiante de la Mesa Redonda" (The Student of the Round Table, 1932), in which he speaks of history as a "tavern" with the students sitting at a single table, drinking, recounting their deeds and laughing at everybody else.
Later career.
He continued his fight for students' rights during his brief tenures as Minister of Education in 1942 and 1945-46. During this time, he founded the Caro and Cuervo Institute and moved the Colombian National Museum to its current home in a former prison building.
During World War II, he supported giving aid and asylum to refugees. This was in opposition to Luis López de Mesa, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, who prohibited the entry of Jews into Colombia. Due to this resurgence of Conservative ideology in the 1940s, Arciniegas felt that he and his family were in danger and moved to the United States, taking advantage of an offer to teach at Columbia University. He lived in New York for ten years (1947–57). At this time, he wrote his most important and most often banned book, "Entre la Libertad y el Miedo" (Between Freedom and Fear, 1952). The work analyzes a critical period in Latin-America, when seven dictators were in power at the same time. He also criticized the U.S. State Department for its conciliatory behavior towards these regimes and, as a result, was detained for questioning several times after returning from trips abroad. 
The publication and translation of the book was prohibited in at least ten countries. General Gustavo Rojas Pinilla, the President of Colombia, accused Arciniegas of being a Communist and ordered all of his books to be burnt. Rafael Trujillo, the dictator of the Dominican Republic, put Arciniegas on his hit list.
In terms of culture, Arciniegas strove to achieve and maintain a synthesis between the indigenous and the European. This approach was the driving force behind all of his diplomatic and political activities. He served as vice consul in London (1929), chancellor at the Colombian embassy in Argentina (1940) and as Ambassador to Italy (1959), Israel (1962), Venezuela (1966) and the Holy See (1976). In all of these positions, he acted as an advocate for the art and culture of America, which he perceived as extending from Alaska to Patagonia.
In 1992, he was appointed President of the "National Commission for the Celebration of the Five-Hundredeth Anniversary of the Discovery of America". He was summarily dismissed by then First-Lady Ana Milena Muñoz de Gaviria, who took over the commission herself; an action that generated much controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="9872549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872549" title="Timothy L. Pflueger">
Timothy L. Pflueger

Timothy Ludwig Pflueger (September 26, 1892 – November 20, 1946) was a prominent architect, interior designer and architectural lighting designer in the San Francisco Bay Area in the first half of the 20th century. Together with James R. Miller, Pflueger designed some of the leading skyscrapers and movie theaters in San Francisco in the 1920s, and his works featured art by challenging new artists such as Ralph Stackpole and Diego Rivera. Rather than breaking new ground with his designs, Pflueger captured the spirit of the times and refined it, adding a distinct personal flair. His work influenced later architects such as Pietro Belluschi.
Pflueger, who started as a working-class draftsman and never went to college, established his imprint on the development of Art Deco in California architecture yet demonstrated facility in many styles including Streamline Moderne, neo-Mayan, Beaux-Arts, Mission Revival, Neoclassical and International. His work as an interior designer resulted in an array of influential interior spaces, including luxurious cocktail lounges such as the Top of the Mark at the Mark Hopkins Hotel, the Patent Leather Bar at the St. Francis Hotel and the Cirque Room at The Fairmont, three of the most successful San Francisco bars in their day.
Pflueger's social and business connections spanned the city, including three private men's clubs which he joined: the Bohemian Club, the Olympic Club and The Family. He designed buildings and interior architecture for the latter two. Pflueger was highly placed in several important planning organizations: He was the chairman of a committee of consulting architects on the Bay Bridge project and he served on the committee responsible for the design of the Golden Gate International Exposition in 1939. Pflueger was a board member of the San Francisco Art Association starting in 1930, and served variously as chair and director. While on the board, Pflueger helped the organization found the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA).
Early life.
Pflueger was born the second of seven sons in the Potrero Hill area of San Francisco to German immigrants August Pflueger and Ottilie Quandt who had met in Los Angeles and married. Other Quandt relatives lived in the Noe Valley neighborhood, and, in 1904, the Pflueger family moved closer, to 1015 Guerrero Street in the Mission District, a melting pot neighborhood of blue-collar workers. At age 11, Pflueger took his first job working for a picture-framing firm near his home.
After the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, Pflueger continued his grade-school education, graduating at age 13 in a mass ceremony held in Golden Gate Park for all the city's devastated public schools. By 1907, Pflueger was working as a draftsman and soon joined the architectural firm Miller and Colmesnil, under the guidance of James Rupert Miller, senior partner. Young Pflueger sketched ornamental details based on ideas from his bosses, and attended Mission High Evening School to further his education. In 1911, Pflueger joined the San Francisco Architectural Club (SFAC), an organization that helped budding architects receive training in the informal Atelier Method where older experts taught the practical side of architecture including waterproofing, lighting and structural concerns to students who had no hope or wish to study Beaux-Arts in an established school abroad. Pflueger became thoroughly involved with SFAC's collegial activities and was chosen director in 1914.
Early career.
In 1912, while Miller and Colmesnil were busy with their entry in the competition to redesign San Francisco City Hall as well as with the design of many new hotels, apartments and private homes, Timothy L. Pflueger was given the opportunity to serve as chief architect on a rural church project funded by The Family, a club to which Miller belonged. Pflueger designed Our Lady of the Wayside Church with a main theme of Spanish Mission Revival based on his childhood familiarity with Mission San Francisco de Asís (locally known as Mission Dolores) but added his own personal statement: a striking Georgian main entrance topped by a scrolled pediment. After working with sub-contractor members of The Family on the project, Pflueger joined the club himself. The rural church was declared California Historical Landmark number 909 in 1977.
Colmesnil left the firm some time around 1913, leaving Miller to conduct business as "J. R. Miller". Subsequently, Pflueger was assigned by Miller to work closely with the firm's major client, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, who engaged in a succession of expansion projects at their San Francisco location at 600 Stockton Street. The first expansion, completed in 1914, gave the building a roof garden, dining room, kitchen and subbasement.
Pflueger volunteered for World War I in 1917, working for the Quartermaster Corps to design base facilities. He was first stationed in Washington, D.C. and then sent to San Juan, Puerto Rico to take part in base expansion there. Returning to San Francisco in 1919, Pflueger once again focused on the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, who now wished for a further doubling in size, extending their Stockton Street frontage 140 feet to California Street, and adding a seventh floor. A massive new entrance incorporating 17 Ionic columns was erected, topped by a pediment displaying a tableau carved by Armenian sculptor Haig Patigian. The Neoclassic-style project was completed in 1920. In 1984, the building was designated San Francisco Landmark No. 167.
1920s.
In June 1920, Pflueger passed his architecture licensing exams to become a certified California architect. He was elected president of the SFAC later that year, taking office in early 1921.
J. R. Miller, relying more and more on Pflueger's hard-working energy, social conviviality and artistic talent, gave him a wide variety of assignments including designs for an automobile showroom, a firehouse and a number of private homes. Pflueger extended his proposed styles to include Aztec elements and Spanish Colonial Revival themes, the latter favored by several clients for their homes.
Miller made Pflueger his junior partner following their completion of the US$80,000 San Francisco Stock Exchange building at 350 Bush Street in 1923. The firm conducted business as Miller and Pflueger. The building at 350 Bush, a neoclassic design topped with a pediment displaying a sculpture by Jo Mora and later called the San Francisco Mining Exchange, is currently empty; it was designated San Francisco Landmark No. 113 in 1980.
Skyscrapers.
Miller and Pflueger were selected in 1923 to build an expansive new headquarters tower for Pacific Telephone & Telegraph. In June 1924, Pflueger showed his plans for a $3 million skyscraper, 26 stories high, designed with continuous vertical elements and a progression of step-backs narrowing the floors near the top. Arthur Frank Mathews was brought in to paint a mural in the boardroom on the 18th floor. The structure was fully devoted to offices for 2,000 employees, mostly female. Pflueger's vision was strongly influenced by Eliel Saarinen's second-place entry in the competition to design the Tribune Tower in Chicago. In June, 1925, the Pacific Telephone & Telegraph Company Building was completed for $4 million ($ million in current value), becoming the tallest building in San Francisco for the next 40 years, tied by the Russ Building in 1927.
450 Sutter Street was completed on October 15, 1929, using a primarily unbroken exterior verticality without step-backs, featuring triangular thrust window bays, the whole decorated with stylized Mayan designs impressed on the terra cotta sheathing and inscribed in metals, marble and glass within the luxurious lobby. In 1983, Pietro Belluschi said that the vertical triangular faceted lines of 450 Sutter formed part of the inspiration for the similarly faceted exterior of 555 California.
As the Telephone Building was being completed in 1925, a group of Methodist Episcopalians came to Pflueger, asking him to design a new skyscraper containing both a church and a hotel for them at 100 McAllister Street. After a dispute, Miller and Pflueger were fired from the project to be replaced by Lewis P. Hobart. Miller and Pflueger sued for $81,600, alleging that Hobart's design was not significantly changed from Pflueger's original. Three months after the hotel and church opened in January 1930, Miller and Pflueger won $38,000 in court, equivalent to $ today.
Artists.
By the late 1920s, Pflueger was already working with a number of artists such as Haig Patigian, Jo Mora and Arthur Mathews who provided fine detail and craftsmanship to his larger designs.
In March 1928, Pflueger published his submission for a new building to house the San Francisco Stock Exchange, featuring strong Zigzag Moderne themes with classicist notes. Miller and Pflueger won the competition for the commission. Eight months later, the Exchange committee decided instead to rebuild the Sub-treasury building at 301 Pine Street while keeping its Tuscan columns and entrance steps, requiring a completely new approach. Pflueger's first response was a sketch with little ornamentation. Construction began in December 1928. By January 1929, Pflueger's plans indicated prominent sculptures, bas-reliefs, inscriptions and carvings, to be detailed by local artists.
Also in January, Pflueger booked a flight in a small mail plane heading for New York but a winter storm forced the pilot and his two passengers down in the Sierras. The three men waited 36 hours exposed to the cold before being rescued. Pflueger immediately continued his trip and met with his Metropolitan Life Insurance clients regarding a third expansion project.
Early in 1929, Pflueger met Ralph Stackpole, an art professor at California School of Fine Arts and a former student of Mathews, who agreed to sculpt monumental figures for the stock exchange project as well as recommending and supervising other artists. Stackpole wrote later of his experience that "the artists were in from the first. They were called in conference and assumed responsibility and personal pride in the building." Pflueger hired nine artists to help decorate the neighboring Stock Exchange Tower at 155 Sansome, and instructed them only to keep their themes light and airy. Diego Rivera was brought with some difficulty from Mexico to paint a two-story mural in the stairwell between the 10th and 11th floors of the Stock Exchange Luncheon Club (now the City Club). Stackpole himself worked with a crew of assistants to direct carve heroic figures in stone above the tall 155 Sansome entrance, as well as carving two large sculpture groups flanking the Tuscan columns of 301 Pine Street.
Architectural lighting design.
Over the Stock Exchange floor, Pflueger mounted a ceiling composed of interconnected sheet metal strips above which he used indirect lighting to soften the edges and reduce shadows made by traders on the floor below. The result was so effective that Pflueger used it on a much larger scale above the audience seating at the Paramount Theatre in Oakland, where it extended from and formed a continuity with the incised art on the proscenium. In Oakland, Pflueger flanked the stage with structures that appeared to be pillars supporting the proscenium but were instead layered, curved sheets of thin metal behind which lighting instruments cast light indirectly to give the columns a suffused glow. In 1931, he used the same concept to frame the stage at the Bal Tabarin (now Bimbo's 365 Club), and to bring a changing palette of color to the ceiling above the dance floor. Pflueger filed for and, in 1934, received two architectural lighting design patents, one for his ceiling grid with indirect lighting and one for the thin metal panels hiding lighting instruments.</ref> He used the patented ceiling grid once more in the Patent Leather Bar, in 1939.
Metropolitan Life Insurance expanded their 600 Stockton location yet again in 1929, with Pflueger designing a new wing on the Pine Street side.
Movie palaces.
The three Nasser brothers, William, Elias and George, specifically requested Pflueger in 1920 after they received financing for a grand movie palace on Castro Street. In a hurry to see the 2,000-seat project completed, the Nasser Brothers gave Pflueger a free hand in its design. The Castro Theatre was finished in June 1922 for $300,000 ($ in today's dollars) in a largely Spanish Baroque style which evoked cathedrals in Spain and Mexico. Churrigueresque elements were used sparingly on the facade, and ornate tile detailing was employed in the vestibule, ticket booth and the lobby. A canopy modeled after ancient Roman silk brocade shelters was fashioned of steel lath and plaster and painted with Asian and Buddha figures to overhang the main theater seating area. The whole was an eclectic assemblage of styles.
In 1925, Michael Naify and William Nasser turned to Pflueger again for a new neighborhood theater design based on the Alhambra in Grenada, Spain. The Alhambra Theatre opened on November 5, 1926 with a grand facade flanked by twin minarets that glowed red at night. Pflueger's vision stayed firmly planted in the Moorish Revival style, complete to the iron scrollwork and amber shade redesign of two municipal streetlamps standing outside of the theater. Pflueger worked with muralist Arthur Frank Mathews to achieve a rich palette of color most prominently displayed in a geometric floral pattern on the main ceiling. The Alhambra was named San Francisco Landmark No. 217 in 1996.
The Nassers and Naify contracted with Pflueger in early 1926 to build three large movie theaters in central California cities. They assigned Pflueger the design of the Tulare Theatre (1927) in Tulare, the Senator Theatre (1928) in Chico and the State Theatre (1928) in Oroville. The $250,000 Tulare Theatre (now demolished) featured motifs based on the Ishtar Gate of Babylon. Pflueger included zigzag patterns in the twin-towered facade trimmed in neon accents, and brought Streamline Moderne stylings to the interior via sweeping curves in steel banister railings as well as Mayan touches in the stepped mirrors. The $250,000 State Theatre appeared Spanish Colonial with its tiled roof and concrete bas-relief exterior, but turned to Streamline Moderne in a 1,529-seat interior that featured chrome railings, plush carpet and indirect lighting. Aztec elements were incorporated in the proscenium design. The $300,000 Senator Theatre was delayed in construction by the discovery of running water under the foundation, a condition that required channelization and pumps. The movie palace's eclectic theme was largely Egyptian with Moorish, Asian and Aztec details dominated by a landmark tower topped by a giant faceted amber glass gem lit from within.
Back in San Francisco, Pflueger designed the Nasser Brothers' 1,830-seat El Rey Theatre (1931) at 1970 Ocean Avenue in pure Moderne style, including a sleek tower topped by an aircraft warning beacon. A mirrored foyer in black and gold held floral and geometric accents, and twin curved stairways to the balcony flanked the foyer.
Shortly before the Wall Street Crash of 1929, investors including William Henry Crocker bought adjoining parcels of land in Oakland for the purpose of erecting a movie palace to rival the nearby Fox Orpheum, intending that Miller and Pflueger build it. One of the largest studio and theater chains in the country, Paramount Publix, showed great interest, but wanted to use their own East Coast architect instead. Pflueger went to New York and convinced Paramount Publix to use his firm by demonstrating that past projects of his had stayed within budget, a concern of increasing importance in the cautious financial climate of early 1930.
For the 3,200-seat design, Pflueger took his inspiration from "Green Mansions", a romantic fantasy novel by William Henry Hudson set in the Guyana jungle of Venezuela. Tropical rain forest motifs were used throughout the theater, including climbing vines, waterfalls, parrots and emerald green lighting. As with his other works, Pflueger mixed together sources from around the world, adding images of Greek and Egyptian gods and goddesses as well as Egyptian lotuses to the primarily jungle theme. Plans were complete in November and in December 1930 ground was broken in a ceremony that called for "prosperity celebration".
The grand opening was held December 16, 1931 with a crowd which extended out to the street. Live action variety performances alternated with film showings. Unfortunately for the theater, the number of tickets sold in the subsequent months was not enough to keep the theater in the black. It closed in June 1932, reopening in 1933 as only a movie theater, devoid of the extravagant live pieces.
Increasingly tough economic times in the early 1930s caused many theater owners to cancel plans for new construction and concentrate on attracting customers to existing theaters. Only one more cinema, the 2,168-seat Alameda Theatre (1932) in Alameda, California would ever be built by Pflueger. Commissioned by the Nasser Brothers, the eclectic Alameda's exterior incorporated deeply incised and intricate Moorish Revival rosettes on cream-colored smoothly curved sides on either side of Art Nouveau flowers in bas relief rising between eight vertical Moderne speed lines. The Art Deco interior design used imitation silver and gold leaf for accents and warm colors for a stylized mezzanine mural with a hint of Cubism. In the interest of economy, the Alameda's floor plan was nearly identical to that of the El Rey Theatre, including twin curved staircases, and some floral and geometric elements were borrowed from the Paramount.
1930s.
During the Great Depression, Pflueger continued to win commissions, but because of the straitened financial climate, the most noteworthy examples were no longer prominent downtown skyscrapers. Pflueger designed a handful of unique schools for San Francisco Unified School District, including two elementary schools, a junior high, two high schools and every major building on the first campus (Ocean campus) of San Francisco Junior College, an institution that would later expand to become City College of San Francisco.
In 1932, Pflueger renovated the Nasser brother's New Mission Theater, bringing Art Deco stylings to the lobby in contrast to the Spanish Mission trimmings in the main auditorium. In 1993, the theater closed. As of 2006, the theater, now designated San Francisco Landmark No. 245, awaits renovation and restoration as a nightclub and restaurant. Pflueger simultaneously worked on the remodeling of the Nasser's New Fillmore Theater, a sister design similar in many respects. The New Fillmore closed in 1957 and was demolished to make way for an urban redevelopment project.
Cocktail lounges.
During Prohibition, Pflueger designed bars for private clubs such as the Stock Exchange Luncheon Club where members kept their personal bottles in small lockers behind the bar, and two bars for The Family, one at the Family Farm in Woodside and one at the clubhouse in San Francisco. Pflueger created a cocktail bar and nightclub for Frank Martinelli and Tom Gerun in 1931, the Bal Tabarin, featuring a stage for live music and colorful indirect lighting from above metal fins in the ceiling and behind curved metal strips upstage. When Prohibition ended in December 1933, Bal Tabarin received an immediate renovation by Pflueger along with a liquor license from the state. Pflueger was then asked to design cocktail lounges for several hotels, completing the Cirque for the Fairmont Hotel in 1935, adorned with finely painted murals by Esther Bruton, and in 1939, both the Patent Leather Bar for the St. Francis Hotel and the Top of the Mark for the Mark Hopkins Hotel. The Patent Leather Bar used a metal-finned ceiling much like that which Pflueger had installed above the audience at the Paramount Theatre in Oakland. A padded, serpentine bar snaked through the room's mirror, chrome and black leather decor. Ansel Adams was retained by C. Templeton Crocker to show off the new cocktail lounge in photographs.
Bay Bridge.
Pflueger was invited by California governor James "Sunny Jim" Rolph to chair the committee of architects who were given nominal oversight of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge project. Arriving two years into the design phase of the bridge, Pflueger was stymied at every turn by civil engineers citing the inflexible budget in his attempts to bring a more artistic theme to the bridge. A heroic figure of a giant man standing at the central anchorage between the two main suspension spans was suggested and quickly canceled; all that remains of the proposal is a 14-inch study modeled by Ralph Stackpole. The committee of architects succeeded mainly in making the suspension bridge towers more streamlined in appearance by getting rid of the civil engineer's plans for a greater number of horizontal cross members. Pflueger very likely designed the stepped semicircular tunnel entrance and exit portals and, by mounting a campaign of public pressure, prevented the bridge from being painted black, successfully substituting a silvery aluminum-based paint instead. When the bridge was completed, Pflueger designed the Transbay Terminal, the main transit center for the train lines built on the lower deck of the Bay Bridge.
Golden Gate International Exposition.
For the Golden Gate International Exposition of 1939–1940 on Treasure Island, Pflueger joined a committee of well-known Beaux-Arts architects and was frustrated in establishing a more modern design scheme, though his own Federal Building amply demonstrated the new direction he espoused. Pflueger's contributions were among the few buildings at the Exposition that received positive reviews. When the Exposition's investors failed to turn a profit in 1939, they decided to extend the fair another year. For the summer of 1940, Pflueger put together a large exhibit of Art in Action, showing a number of artists on display, engaged in creating works. Alfred Frankenstein of "The New York Times" visited in June and wrote "Here the visitor is privileged to observe a kind of twenty-ring circus of art... On the floor, in a series of little ateliers, sculptors, painters, lithographers, etchers, ceramicists, weavers and whatnot are at work under the direct observation of the public." Pflueger once again brought Rivera to San Francisco, this time to serve as the main attraction at "Art in Action". Rivera painted "Pan American Unity" on ten steel-framed panels spanning 74 feet in width and reaching 22 feet in height. For the second time, Rivera included Pflueger in a mural of his. Some 68 artists had participated by the end of September when the Exposition was closed. Rivera was not finished, however; he and two assistants labored for two more months in the empty exposition hall. On November 30 and December 2, 30,000–35,000 visitors came to Treasure Island to view the completed mural. On December 8, 1940, Rivera's 54th birthday, Kahlo and Rivera were married for the second time in a civil ceremony at San Francisco City Hall.
1940s.
In 1938, Pflueger sailed to Paris with Grover Magnin, head of the I. Magnin department store chain, aboard . The two men investigated French shopping ideas that could be brought back and used at American department stores. Pflueger gained ideas from the ship's famous Art Deco adornments. Magnin and Pflueger went to Venice and Milan as well, but found very little of use to them on their short European trip. The $3 million I. Magnin store on Wilshire (currently the Wilshire Galleria) opened in Los Angeles on February 10, 1939 with an interior completely devoted to Pflueger's concept of luxuriously separate boutique spaces within which individual sales items would receive unique attention. Pflueger's interior was attuned to women's fashions: the ground level floor was laid with rose-beige marble from France, pink velvet counter tops held gloves for trying on, rose-beige leather panels covered the walls of the shoe salon and the same leather served as covering for sofas and chairs that were provided by Neel D. Parker, interior designer and Pflueger's fellow club member from The Family. Grover Magnin continued to work with Pflueger on three more stores into the 1940s.
In 1939, plans for an underground garage at Union Square were given to Pflueger for political reasons. George Applegarth's 1935 design was actively opposed from several directions and Pflueger's social contacts and his friendship with mayor Angelo Joseph Rossi were needed to get the project started. Union Square garage opened in 1943 with Pflueger's touch making it a full-service valet garage complete with a waiting room and rest rooms for shoppers and the option of having shopping packages sent directly from a nearby store to the garage or for the car to be delivered to the store. The concept of an underground garage below a city park was influential: New York builder Robert Moses requested copies of Pflueger's plans (little changed from Applegarth's) and Pershing Square in Los Angeles was excavated and rebuilt in 1952 along the same lines.
In 1942, while America geared up for front line involvement in World War II, Pflueger received fewer assignments than he had been seeing previously. Grover Magnin kept a flow of work with I. Magnin designs, and Pflueger also helped the Army with a depot building in Ogden, Utah. He began to draw up plans for a 12-story cross-shaped medical teaching hospital for the University of California, San Francisco (eventually to be built at 505 Parnassus in 1955 with additional design work performed by his brother Milton Pflueger). His firm accepted a commission to excavate below the Mark Hopkins Hotel in order to create a bomb-resistant radio transmission center for AM station KSFO and shortwave programs of the Voice of America. This space became the hotel's underground parking garage after the war.
Death and legacy.
Timothy L. Pflueger died suddenly at the age of 54 on November 20, 1946 of a heart attack on Post Street outside of the Olympic Club after taking his usual evening swim. At his death, Pflueger was not finished with the radical interior and exterior transformation of the I. Magnin flagship store at Union Square, a sleek International design that remained influential for years afterward.
All his adult life, Pflueger maintained his residence at his childhood home on Guerrero Street. When entertaining downtown late into the evening, he was known to spend an occasional night at the Olympic Club. Pflueger drove a green Cadillac convertible and was often seen with his steady lady friend on his arm. Pflueger never married and left no children. His brother Milton, fifteen years younger, had been working with the firm since the 1930s and, at Tim's death, Milton reorganized and headed the company, doing business as Milton T. Pflueger, Architect.
In 1990, a bas-relief of influential San Franciscans was sculpted over the facade of 235 Pine Street, a 26-story skyscraper. Timothy L. Pflueger was the only architect among those memorialized. In 2008, the San Francisco Board of Supervisors voted unanimously to change the name of Chelsea Place, a small alley leading to the garage of the 450 Sutter Street building, to Timothy Pflueger Place.

</doc>
<doc id="9872550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872550" title="Danish cooperative movement">
Danish cooperative movement

The Danish cooperative movement (Danish: Andelsbevægelsen) was a means of economical organization under leadership of consumer- or producer-controlled corporations, where each individual member owned a part of the corporation. The type of organization was especially used in the farming industry and in consumer organizations in Denmark from the 1790s to the 1960s. The members of the corporations sought to share the economic stress of producing or buying goods, and divided the eventual end-year financial surplus amongst them. The type of ownership rules varied greatly between individual corporations, as some divided the financial risk equally, while others gave more power to the most financially involved individuals.
Early history.
About 90% of all farming soil in Denmark was cooperative from 1300, as the Black Death depopulated the rural parts of the country. Then, the inhabitants of a Danish village would work together, forming "Landsbyfællesskaber" (village communes). To distribute land fairly between farmers, the land was normally distributed between all farmers in a village with each of them owning a strip of land on every field. Re-allocation of land took place if the size of the individual families changed strongly. In this system, it was virtually impossible to only work individually, since the plots of land might have the full length of the field, but only be a few meters wide. A second characteristic was that all farms were located close together and near the church, with the result that fields far from the village were often poorly utilized. 
The Enclosure Movement.
This all changed in the enclosure movement between 1750 and 1800, which aimed to reunite fields and award them to one owner only. Any farmer would normally be awarded a coherent piece of land and perhaps an additional piece of forest. In many villages, farmers were either forced or strongly encouraged to tear down their homes and rebuild them in the middle of their new fields with the intention that this would give them easier access to every part of the field, enabling them to utilize the land more effectively. These events are known as "Landboreformerne" (the agricultural reforms) or "Udskiftningen" (the parcellation), and were instigated at the initiative of the Danish Crown to raise production. For the next century, a standard village would be composed of a series of farms, many located a distance from each other, each family working for itself producing grain and raising a few animals. 
After the Second War of Schleswig in 1864, two new movements hit Denmark. One was a successful attempt to reclaim moors in central and western Jutland for farming; mostly sandy land abandoned in the 14th century as a result of the Black Plague, but in many cases good for potatoes. This movement was initiated by "Hedeselskabet" (the Heath Association). Equally important was an influx to the world market of grain from the Russian provinces Ukraine and Poland, resulting in a sharp drop in price. This affected the income of many Danish farmers and the result was a change in production; from grain to dairy products and meat. When a farmer couldn't sell his grain, he fed it to his cows and pigs.
Cooperative production.
This change in production resulted in a need for dairies and slaughterhouses. A Danish minister visited England and studied the Rochdale system of co-operatives, which he then brought back to Denmark. The only way to pay for such massive investments was for a large group of farmers to share the cost and risk between them, thus creating the cooperative dairies and slaughterhouses. The new situation implied that farmers would buy cheap grain from Russia and feed it to their livestock, selling milk, butter, eggs and meat for a much higher price. This movement also resulted in the creation of both the "Danish Bacon" and "Danish Lurpak Butter" brands. 
The combination of the Cooperative Movement and the switch away from the production of grain resulted in a great increase in wealth for the average Danish farmer and it became very important in the way Danish farmers perceived themselves. The system was also attempted in other places where Danes settled, for example in the Danish communities in the United States. Before World War I, Denmark gained a foothold on the Russian market, and the Russian Revolution of 1917 cost Danish industry dearly. Attempts to construct cooperative dairies in Russia played a large role in this policy, and a few were actually built there. The Russian Revolution destroyed this work, but new attempts were made in the Baltic States during the Interwar period. Attempts to export the system to Poland were considered in the Danish Ministry of Foreign Affairs to boost the exports of Danish machinery. Attempts to export this system were often linked with attempts to export the Danish system of secondary education for farmers; "Højskolebevægelsen".
Second redistribution of land.
Denmark saw a second redistribution of land, which effectively meant the creation of a number of small-scale farms ("husmandsbrug"). The top stratum in a village was the priest and schoolmaster, then came the big landowners; "gårdmænd" or better. Next level of society was the craftsmen who normally owned a bit of land as well. The bottom of society was formed by "husmænd" and landless people. 
The land acquired from the manors was paid for in cash by the government, and was used not to increase the existing farms in size, but to create new ones. The impact was most prominent in Southern Jutland (Northern Schleswig) which had been reunited with Denmark in 1920. Before the war in 1864, Northern Schleswig had a population density pretty much the same as the rest of the country; in 1920 it had virtually the same population as in 1860, while the population density of the rest of Denmark had doubled. Here the Danish government forced through an acquisition of large German "Domänenpächter" farms; splitting them up into smaller units, that was effectively a way to try to ensure that Danes didn't leave the poorly populated and poorly industrialized province.
Influence.
Dairies
In the 1950s, a joint stock company was formed out of a series of dairies, uniting into two rivals "Mejeriselskaberne Danmark" and "Kløver" who later merged to found MD Foods (now Arla Foods) which controls almost all of the Danish milk market. The Danish Crown meat processing company also owes its existence to the cooperative movement.
Co-op shops
The cooperative movement also resulted in a series of co-op stores known as "Brugsen", which were under the administration of the The Danish Consumers Co-operative Society. The stores kept a large share of the Danish consumer goods market. It merged with the similar retail chains in Norway and Sweden in January 2002, to form Coop Norden.
Wind mills
The cooperative ownership model for wind mills was developed in Denmark. First for smaller wind mills, later for wind farms. One of the biggest copeartively owned windfarms are at Middelgrunden in Copenhagen and at the Samsø island.
See also: Wind power in Denmark, Wind turbine cooperative.
Communities
In the late 70's early 80's Collective lifestyle, including cooperative production was very popular. Some of these collectives still exist like Svanholm, which was started in 1978. Freetown Christiania was established in 1971. People living in these communities are often environment conscious, and join the Danish Ecovillage Network [http://losnet.dk]. See also Global Ecovillage Network.
Co-housing
Living in co-housing groups with a common ground and common house is relatively common in Denmark. The common house is used for common eatings, common washing machines, meetings and fests. There are 3 types of co-housing groups: 

</doc>
<doc id="9872551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872551" title="Huayco tinamou">
Huayco tinamou

Rhynchotus maculicollis, also known as waypu (Quechua, other spellings "guaipo, huaipo, guaypo, waypo", a name which is also applied for other "Tinamidae" species, however; also (erroneously) "huayco tinamou"), is a species of bird found on grassy mountain ridges in the Andes of Bolivia and Argentina.
Taxonomy.
All tinamous are from the family Tinamidae, and in the larger scheme are also ratites. Unlike other ratites, tinamous can fly, although in general, they are not strong fliers. All ratites evolved from prehistoric flying birds, and tinamous are the closest living relative of these birds.
Previously, it was considered a subspecies of the red-winged tinamou, but it has a different song, and its head and neck are streaked and spotted black. The SACC split this into a monotypic species and the IUCN followed suit in 2006.
Description.
The "Rhynchotus maculicollis" has a black streaked and spotted head and neck.
Behavior.
Like other tinamous, the "Rhynchotus maculicollis" eats fruit off the ground or low-lying bushes. They also eat small amounts of invertebrates, flower buds, tender leaves, seeds, and roots. The male incubates the eggs which may come from different females, and then will raise them until they are ready to be on their own. The nest is located on the ground in dense brush or between raised root buttresses.
Range and habitat.
The "Rhynchotus maculicollis" lives in the Andes of northwestern Argentina and Bolivia from . It prefers semi-arid scrub and cereal fields.
Conservation.
The IUCN classifies this tinamou as Least Concern, with an occurrence range of .

</doc>
<doc id="9872562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872562" title="Sundara Ramasami">
Sundara Ramasami

Sundara Ramaswamy (1931–2005), fondly known as "Su.Ra" in literary circles, was one of the exponents of Tamil modern literature. He edited and published a literary magazine called "Kalachuvadu". He wrote poetry under the penname "Pasuvayya". His novels are "Oru Puliya Marathin Kathai" ("The Story of a Tamarind Tree"), "J.J Silakuripukal" ("J.J: Some Jottings", tr, A.R Venkadachalapathy, Katha, 2004) and "Kuzhanthaikal, Penkal, Aankal" ("Children, Women, Men"). 
Ramaswamy was born on 30 May 1931, in Thazhuviya MahadevarKovil,[http://wikimapia.org/#lat=8.198344&lon=77.4343067&z=18&l=0&m=b&v=8] a village in Nagercoil). At 20, he began his literary career, translating Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai's Malayalam novel, "Thottiyude Makan" into Tamil and writing his first short story, "Muthalum Mudivum", which he published in "Pudimaipithan Ninaivu Malar". he died on year 2005
Literary influences.
He was influenced by the works of reformers like Gandhi, E. V. Ramasami Naicker, Sri Aurobindo, Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, Dr. Ram Manohar Lohia, Dr. J.C. Kumarappa, Jiddu Krishnamurti, and Pudumaipithan, the writer who ushured in modernity into Tamil literature. He met the great literary luminary of Malayalam, M. Govindan, in 1957 and remained his good friend till the end. In 1950s, he met the Communist leader P. Jeevanandham. He was influenced by Marxian philosophy. His relationship with the literary magazine "Shanti", edited by T. M. Chidambara Ragunathan, and his joining the editorial-board of "Saraswathi" were decisive in his growth as a writer.
Works.
Fiction.
His talent manifests itself through his novels. "Oru Puliamarathin Kathai" ("The Story of a Tamarind Tree", 1966), his first novel, was well received as a work that proved to be a new experience both in form and content, extending the frontiers of Tamil novel and creating new perspectives. He gave up active writing for nearly six years; and when he began again in 1973, he had gone far beyond executing an interesting and agile narration.
He still remained a stylist, but his concerns took new directions and his language acquired a solid texture, retaining a powerful and pointed humour.
"Oru Puliamarathin Kathai" has been translated into English ("Tale of a Tamarind Tree", Penguin India, New Delhi), Hindi ("Imli Puran, Nilakant Prakashan", New Delhi), Malayalam ("Oru Puliyamarathinte Katha", D.C.Books, Kottayam) and into Hebrew language (by Ronit Ricci, Hakibbutz Hameuchaud Publishing House, Tel Aviv).
Sundara Ramaswamy suspended active writing for nearly six years; and when he resumed in 1973, one found a different Ramaswamy whose considerations outgrew those for an interesting and agile narration. True, he still remained a stylist, but his concerns took new directions and his language which ceased to be soothing and amusing acquired a solid texture yet it retained a strong feel for humor, only now more powerful and pointed. It was in this phase that he wrote his stories in the "Palanquin Bearers" volume, and later an outstanding novel J.J Silakuripukal ("J.J. Some Notes"). Unusually for Tamil fiction of the era, this novel eschewed narration, brought in a tone of intense meditation on the quality of human life and the problem of remaining human.
Poetry.
In 1959, he wrote his first poem, "un kai nagam" under the poetic pseudonym "Pasuvia" and published it in Ezhuthu. Poetry brought him the experience of a dimension beyond the concreteness of words and their meaning. The early poems were rigorous in language and heavy in tone. His poems gradually became more translucent and immediate. All his poems are collected in the volume, "107 Kavithaikal".
Translation Work.
He has translated from Malayalam into Tamil Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai's Chemmeen and Thottiyude Magan and short stories by Thakazhi, Basheer, Karoor Neelakanta Pillai and M. Govindan. He has also translated a few poems of N.N. Kakkad. "Su. Ra" had a tall and handsome stature and a mesmerizing presence. Friends and acquaintances still recall that he had the gift of the gab and a terrific sense of humour. He was the mentor of writers like B. Jeyamohan and Lakshmi Manivannan and a close friend of Malayalam director John Abraham. 
Critical Reception.
As a poet, Ramasamy's output, though not quantitatively vast, is very significant. In fact it is more difficult to speak about his poetry. His poems are a severe questioning into one's existence, perceptions, conflicts, tireless but often defeated search. The early poems were rigorous in language and heavy in tone. But gradually, his poems became more translucent and immediate. Often, he adopts a discussive tone. His poems are not rhetoric; his language usage has set new directions and possibilities. 
Almost all of Ramaswamy's writings have appeared in little magazines which though reaching limited readership have sustained serious literary work in Tamil during the last fifty years. Ramaswamy has also contributed significantly to the disciplines of literary criticism and essays. He has translated poems from English and novels from Malayalam. Ramaswamy has travelled widely; he was a participant in the Indian Poetry Festival in Paris. He has visited Malaysia, Singapore, London and Toronto for talks on literary topics. He died on 14 October 2005 aged 74.
Awards and Honours.
He received the following awards

</doc>
<doc id="9872571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872571" title="Peter Burns">
Peter Burns

Peter Burns (5 January 1866 – 11 October 1952) was an Australian rules footballer in the (then) Victorian Football Association (VFA) and Victorian Football League (VFL).
Burns was a tall ruckman and full-back. Playing originally with Ballarat Football Club in the VFA, he later played with the VFA's South Melbourne and joined the Geelong Football Club in 1892, at which time it was also a VFA club. Geelong became a foundation VFL club in 1896 and Burns played in its first VFL season 1897.
In 1996 Burns was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="9872574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872574" title="Tatra 97">
Tatra 97

The Type 97 is a mid-class saloon car from Czechoslovak car-maker Tatra. It was produced for a short time in the pre-war period, from 1936 to 1939.
<br>Streamlined Tatras
History.
The T97 was designed in 1936 as a smaller alternative to the large T87. Instead of a V8, it was powered by a 1.8-litre flat-four engine. With engine power of the car could achieve top speed of . The design was also simplified, using just two headlights instead of three, a single-piece windscreen, and an overall smaller body. Production of the car was canceled after the Nazis annexed Czechoslovakia in 1938, possibly to avoid comparison with the KdF-Wagen (see below). At that time, 508 cars were built. In 1946, still two years before the Communist party coming to power, the Tatra was nationalized, as the company's owner and top-management were convicted of collaboration with the Nazis. Production of the prewar models resumed, but soon the T97 was dropped in favor of the larger and more modern Tatraplan - a name referring to the car's aircraft inspiration ('éroplan' means aeroplane in colloquial Czech) - which also replaced the T87.
Resemblance to KdF-Wagen / Volkswagen Beetle.
Both the streamlined design and the technical specifications, especially the air-cooled flat-four engine mounted in the back, give the T97 a striking resemblance to the KdF-Wagen of Volkswagen, which later became the Beetle. It is believed that Porsche used Tatra's designs since he was under huge pressure to design the Volkswagen quickly and cheaply. According to the books "Tatra - The Legacy of Hans Ledwinka" and "Car Wars", Adolf Hitler said of the Tatra 'this is the car for my roads'. Ferdinand Porsche later admitted 'to have looked over Ledwinka's shoulders' while designing the Volkswagen.
Tatra sued Porsche for damages, and Porsche was willing to settle. However, Hitler canceled this, saying he 'would settle the matter.' When Czechoslovakia was invaded by the Nazis, the production of the T97 was immediately halted, and the lawsuit dropped. After the war, Tatra reopened the lawsuit against Volkswagen. In 1967, the matter was settled when Volkswagen paid Tatra 3,000,000 Deutsche Mark in compensation.
Literature.
Margolius, Ivan and Henry, John G: "Tatra - The Legacy of Hans Ledwinka", SAF Publishing, Harrow 1990, ISBN 0-946719-06-3

</doc>
<doc id="9872576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872576" title="The Great Escape (Ilse DeLange album)">
The Great Escape (Ilse DeLange album)

The Great Escape is the fourth studio album of singer songwriter Ilse DeLange. The album debuted at #1 in the Megacharts Album Top 100 in the Netherlands and stayed there for seven weeks.
Chart performance.
The album debuted at #1 in the Netherlands and stayed there for 7 weeks in a row. "The Great Escape" has never left the top 20 since its release and spent 16 weeks in the top 10 and 37 weeks in the top 20. The album was certified Platinum in August and double Platinum in December 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9872579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872579" title="Economic equality">
Economic equality

Economic equality is the ability people have to realize their potential in the society where they live. Economic equality is generally used to refer to a set of institutions which will enable people to lead a fulfilling life and be active contributors to their community. The goal of economic equality is generally the same as human development. The relevant institutions can include education, health care, social security, labour rights, as well as a broader system of public services, progressive taxation and regulation of markets, to ensure fair distribution of wealth, equality of opportunity, and no gross inequality of outcome.
Economic equality is a state of economic affairs in which equality of outcome has been achieved for all the participants of a society. 

</doc>
<doc id="9872581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872581" title="Al Gurg">
Al Gurg

Easa Saleh Al Gurg CBE, Ambassador of the United Arab Emirates to the court of St. James (UK) and the Republic of Ireland, founded the Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group in 1960 after gaining experience in banking and finance. The first business was the Grundig sole distributorship followed by the British American Tobacco Agency. During the last four decades several other prime agencies, real estate and manufacturing units were added, resulting in the present 22 companies in the Group, which together handle more than 200 agencies and manufacture a diversified range products.
The products marketed by the Group include cigarettes, tyres, electrical and electronic items, personal care products, detergents, beverages, household appliances, stationery, batteries, branded garments, cables, chemicals, furniture, building materials and steel. Some of the Group's principals include BEKO, British American Tobacco, Unilever, Benetton, Siemens, OSRAM, Armitage Shanks, Stanton Chase International, Catnic, Yorkshire Copper Tubes, Dunlop, Heuga, Projects, Interface, Broyhill, Fosroc and many more.
The Group was the first company in the middle east to do SAP implementation. 

</doc>
<doc id="9872598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872598" title="Mount Vernon High School (Washington)">
Mount Vernon High School (Washington)

Mount Vernon High School (MVHS) is a high school in Mount Vernon, Washington located at 314 North 9th Street.
Mount Vernon High School is noted for its outstanding choral program, which has won numerous awards, most recently Best in the Northwest (2011) and a Gold Award at the New York Heritage Festival (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="9872599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872599" title="Mihail of Bulgaria">
Mihail of Bulgaria

Mihail () or Michael was the eldest son of Emperor Simeon I The Great. The date of his birth is unknown, but it is before 900. Mihail was born to Simeon's first wife.
Mihail's father Simeon preferred to designate his younger son Peter I as heir to the throne, possibly because Peter was born to his second (and last) consort, and Mihail was to take monastic vows and become a monk. However, he felt neglected and wanted to assume the throne by force. 
When Peter was crowned Emperor in 927, the prince managed to escape from the monastery and captured a fortress in the region of Macedonia where he openly declared his aims. Initially, Mihail had some success, as many Bulgarians joined the rebellion in his support, but his unexpected death spoiled the plans of his supporters and forced them to flee from Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="9872609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872609" title="Jackson County School District (Mississippi)">
Jackson County School District (Mississippi)

The Jackson County School District (JCSD) is a public school district based in Jackson County, Mississippi (USA).
The district serves the communities of Vancleave, Latimer, St. Martin, Hurley, Wade, and Big Point.
Demographics.
2011-12 school year.
There were a total of 9,357 students enrolled in the Jackson County School District in the 2011-2012 school year.
St. Martin High School Bomb Threat.
On March 28, 2007 a Bomb threat was found in a boys' restroom in St. Martin High's "blue building". The current principal, Dr. Toriano Holloway quickly evacuated the building into the neighboring building while the Jackson County Sheriffs Department and SWAT team searched the building for the "Bomb". Then, another threat was found in an undisclosed area, this time, for the building containing the student body. Officials quickly moved the students to safety in the Football field bleachers, where they would stay for about an hour and thirty minutes. When the SWAT team and Police gave the all-clear confirming there was no bomb, the student body was returned to their respective classes and the day continued on regular schedule.[http://www.gulflive.com/news/mississippipress/index.ssf?/base/news/117516331437520.xml][http://www.azstarnet.com/allheadlines/176913]

</doc>
<doc id="9872656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872656" title="Cigaritis acamas">
Cigaritis acamas

Cigaritis acamas, the Tawny Silverline, Arab Leopard or Leopard Butterfly, is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly. It is found from North Africa and the Near East to India. The range includes Sudan, Arabia and Somalia.
The larvae are associated with ants of the "Crematogaster" genus.

</doc>
<doc id="9872662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872662" title="Todd Yeagley">
Todd Yeagley

Todd Yeagley is a retired U.S. soccer player who is the head men's soccer coach for the Indiana University Hoosiers. He played seven seasons in Major League Soccer with the Columbus Crew and one in the USISL with the Richmond Kickers. He is the son of legendary Indiana University soccer coach Jerry Yeagley.
Player.
College.
Yeagley elected to play for the Indiana Hoosiers men's soccer team under his father. Yeagley earned second team All American honors his first three years at Indiana as a forward, midfielder and defender. His senior year, the team made it to the NCAA championship before losing to Virginia. That year he earned first team All American honors and the Missouri Athletic Club named him as the Hermann Trophy player of the year. He graduated in 1994 with a bachelor’s degree in sociology.
National team.
While at Indiana, Yeagley appeared with several junior national teams, including the U-20 national team and the national B-team. At the time, the United States Soccer Federation had two distinct national teams, the A and B team . The A team players tended to be under contract with USSF to play for the national team. B team members could also be under contract, but were more typically amateur or college players. Yeagley fell in this second category. As a B team member, he never played a full international for the U.S., but competed in subsidiary international competitions. He competed at the 1993 World University games.
Professional.
Yeagley signed with Major League Soccer in January 1995, as the new league was laying the groundwork for its first season. The league signed players who then entered a pool for the league’s first draft which did not take place until 1996. MLS had originally intended to begin play in the fall of 1995, but delayed a year when it experienced problems with stadiums, sponsorship and team ownership. Rather than have the players it signed sit idle for a year, MLS loaned them to various domestic and foreign teams. For Yeagley, MLS loaned him to the Richmond Kickers of the USISL Premier Division (U.S. Second Division). That season, the Kickers achieved a double when it won both the league and 1995 U.S. Open Cup titles.
When MLS held its Inaugural Draft, Yeagley was selected by the Columbus Crew in the 8th round (71st overall). He went on to play seven years as a defender with the Crew, retiring following the 2002 season.
Coach.
When Yeagley retired from playing in 2002, he moved to the Crew’s front office as an assistant general manager for a year. When Yeagley’s father announced that he planned to retire from coaching after the 2003 NCAA season, Yeagley left the Crew and joined the Indiana soccer team as a non-paid assistant coach. The team went on to win the NCAA championship. The next year, Indiana brought Yeagley in as a full-time assistant and he had the good fortune to again see his team win the NCAA championship in penalties against the University of California, Santa Barbara. In 2008, the University of Wisconsin–Madison hired Yeagley to replace Jeff Rohrman as head coach of the school's men's soccer team. In December 2009, Yeagley was named Head Coach of the Hoosiers.In 2012, Yeagley guided the Hoosiers to their 8th championship. The Hoosiers became the first 16 seed to win the College Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="9872664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872664" title="Yuriko Kajiya">
Yuriko Kajiya

Yuriko Kajiya (加治屋百合子 "Kajiya Yuriko", born 1984) is a Japanese ballet dancer who currently performs as a soloist with the American Ballet Theatre (ABT).
Early life.
Yuriko was born in Nagoya, Japan, and started training with Matsumoto Michiko Ballet when she was eight years old. She moved to China at the age of 10, where she studied with and graduated from the school of the Shanghai Ballet. She won the Best Performance Award in the senior category at the Tao Li Bei National Ballet Competition in 1997, at age 13. In 1999, she was a finalists at the Third International Ballet Competition, held in Nagoya. She won a Prix de Lausanne in January 2000, allowing her to continue her training with the school of the National Ballet of Canada in Toronto.
Career.
She joined the ABT Studio Company in September 2001, joined ABT's main company as an apprentice in 2002, and became a member of the corps de ballet in June 2002. Effective August 2007, she was promoted to the rank of soloist. She is the only Japanese soloist in ABT.
Her repertory with ABT includes:
Gamzatti in "La Bayadère",
Blossom in "Cinderella",
Gulnare in "Le Corsaire",
Kitri, Amour and a Flower Girl in "Don Quixote",
Zulma and the peasant pas de deux in "Giselle",
Valencienne in "The Merry Widow",
Clara in "The Nutcracker"
Henrietta in "Raymonda",
the Fairies of Fervor and Joy in "The Sleeping Beauty",
the pas de trois in "Swan Lake",
and the Waltz in "Les Sylphides".
Other work.
Kajiya starred in the 2007 documentary "Passion Across a Continent", which aired on MBS in Japan. In July 2010, she appeared on an episode of the American television series "So You Think You Can Dance", along with fellow ABT soloist Jared Matthews. In addition to dancing with ABT, she teaches master classes the United States and Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9872677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872677" title="Marchese (constructor)">
Marchese (constructor)

Marchese was an American racing car constructor owned by Carl Marchese. Marchese cars competed in two FIA World Championship races - the 1950 and 1951 Indianapolis 500s.

</doc>
<doc id="9872685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872685" title="Stevens (constructor)">
Stevens (constructor)

Stevens was an American racing car constructor. Stevens cars competed in six FIA World Championship races - the and - Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872687" title="Mohamed Ebrahim and Company">
Mohamed Ebrahim and Company

Mohamed Ebrahim and Company (Pvt) Limited (MECO) is a manufacturer of electric water coolers based in Karachi, Pakistan. The company was established in 1953 and was one of the first manufacturers of electrical appliances in Pakistan. The company has a factory in Karachi and regional offices in Lahore and Rawalpindi.

</doc>
<doc id="9872690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872690" title="Ivan Safronov">
Ivan Safronov

Ivan Ivanovich Safronov () (16 January 1956 – 2 March 2007) was a Russian journalist and columnist who covered military affairs for the daily newspaper "Kommersant". He died after falling from the fifth floor of his Moscow apartment building. His apartment was on the third floor. There are speculations that he may have been killed for his critical reporting: the Taganka District prosecutor's office in Moscow initiated a criminal investigation into Safronov's death, and in September 2007, officially ruled his death a suicide.
Life.
Safronov was born in 1956 in Moscow. In 1979, he graduated with a major in computer engineering from the Engineering Faculty at the Dzerzhinsky Military Academy. He served as a military engineer in the 15th Command near Ussuriysk in the Russian Far East. In 1983, Safronov was transferred to the Titov Space Center (Главный испытательный центр испытаний и управления космическими средствами) in Krasnoznamensk, a closed town in Moscow Oblast. In January 1993 he began working in the press-service at the Russian Space Troops. On 2 October 1997, Safronov retired from active duty and was transferred to the army reserve as a Lieutenant Colonel. In December 1997, he became a military columnist at the newspaper "Kommersant" in Moscow. In December 2002, Safronov was made a Colonel in the army reserve.
Last reporting.
Safronov wrote about changes in the defense leadership and problems in military training as well as about defense technology and military testing failures that often went unacknowledged and unreported by the army.
In December 2006, Safronov wrote about the third consecutive launch failure of the Bulava intercontinental ballistic missile. The military did not acknowledge the failure. There have been further allegations that Safronov disclosed classified information in his articles. FSB agents questioned him in 2006 over a story about the Samara-based TsSKB-Progress, the manufacturer of the Soyuz rocket. The agents wanted to know where the columnist had unearthed some sensitive data, but once Safronov showed them the website where he got his facts, the FSB dropped its case.
Safronov had returned in late February from a reporting trip to Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, where he covered the annual IDEX 2007 arms exhibition's gathering of defense manufacturers. He had stated that he would check information that he had received on possible new deliveries of Russian weapons to the Middle East while at the arms exhibition in the United Arab Emirates. Safronov was interested in a possible sale of Su-30 fighter jets to Syria and S-300V missiles to Iran. He had information that those deals would be concluded through a third party, in order for Moscow to avoid accusations in the West of selling weapons to pariah states. Safronov called the editorial office at "Kommersant" from Abu Dhabi to say that he had found confirmation of his facts. On 27 February he attended a press conference held by the head of the Federal Service of Military and Technical Cooperation Mikhail Dmitriev at ITAR-TASS. There he told colleagues that he had found information that more contracts had been signed between Russia and Syria for the sale of MiG-29 jets and Pantsir-S1 and Iskander-E missiles. He added that he would not write about those deals, however, because he had been warned that doing so would cause an international scandal and the FSB would make charges against him of revealing state secrets stick. He did not say who had warned him.
Death.
He died after falling from the fifth floor of the Moscow building where he lived. Prosecutors say suicide is the likeliest explanation for his death. Although Safronov's colleagues and neighbors are skeptical he would take his own life, arguing that he was in a good frame of mind, many witnesses reported he had an unusually depressed state of mind several days before the incident. Recently discovered major health problems (Peptic Ulcer) might be also a contributing factor.
Safronov fell out of the staircase window between the fourth and the fifth floors of his apartment building at 9 Nizhny Novgorod Street (Нижегородская улица) around 4 p.m. on 2 March. Two university students living in a nearby building saw Safronov on the ground with the window open above, and called emergency workers. Safronov was alive immediately after the fall, but at least a half hour passed before help arrived. Safronov was lying on his stomach, and it seemed to the students that he had tried to get up on his feet. Noticing the open window on the stairway between the fourth and fifth floors and the fact that the Safronov's shoes had come off and his jacket and sweater were pulled up to his armpits, the students called for an ambulance. Their call was not accepted, however. "We cannot collect all the drunks in Moscow on Friday night," the first responders told psychology student Lena, who had witnessed the fall. She should call back if he was still there in half an hour, Kommersant reported on 6 March 2007.[http://www.kommersant.com/p747802/Ivan_Safronov_arms_trading/] During that time Safronov stopped moving altogether. The students told the daily that they did not see anyone near Safronov, nor anyone in the windows of the stairway or leaving through the front door. At least three of his neighbors on the fourth and fifth floors were home at the time. They did not hear any suspicious noises on the stairway.
Safronov had taken sick leave on Friday and gone to a clinic in the Arbat district. He left the clinic at 2 PM and returned home. He had bought oranges which were found scattered on the stairway along with his cap between the fourth and fifth floors. Since Safronov was tall and solidly built, it would not have been easy to throw him from the small window, which was usually left open for smokers who gathered around it. However, footprints were found on the windowsill and ledge outside the window. The snow on top of the canopy over the entrance was disturbed where he fell onto it before rolling off and onto the ground below. An autopsy revealed multiple fractures and injuries to internal organs consistent with a fall from a great height. No drugs or alcohol were found in Safronov's blood.
"The suicide theory has become dominant in the investigation, but all those who knew Ivan Safronov categorically reject it," "Kommersant" said in an article on 5 March [http://www.nysun.com/article/49888].
Ivan Safronov was buried on 7 March at the Khovanskoye Cemetery, Moscow.
Public reaction.
General Vladimir Mikhaylov, Commander of the Russian Air Force, expressed in a statement:

</doc>
<doc id="9872691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872691" title="Langley (constructor)">
Langley (constructor)

Langley was an American racing car constructor. Langley cars competed in one FIA World Championship race - the 1950 Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872696" title="Ewing (constructor)">
Ewing (constructor)

Ewing was an American racing car constructor. Ewing cars competed in two FIA World Championship races - the and Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872698" title="Moore family">
Moore family

Moore family may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9872704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872704" title="Golf Mill Shopping Center">
Golf Mill Shopping Center

Golf Mill Shopping Center is a super-regional shopping mall located on 239 Golf Mill Center in Niles, IL, United States. The mall has a gross leasable area of 1,057,000
square feet (98,200 m²). It is managed by Milwaukee Golf Management Corporation. It borders the intersections of Golf Road (Illinois Route 58), Milwaukee Avenue (Illinois Route 21) and Greenwood Avenue. The mall has a mixture of 120 specialty shops and five department stores including Sears and Target as anchors.
Opening Day.
Golf Mill opened to the public in October 1960 as an open-air mall and featured an office tower (designed by Chicago architect Edo Belli to look like the top of a golf ball) and Sears. It featured a full "mill" theme, complete with ponds, bridges, and a working waterwheel. Soon after opening, a Lord's department store was built, but closed after a few years and was replaced by JCPenney. Around that time, the Mill Run Playhouse was built at the north end of the complex. It wasn't connected to the mall corridors proper.
Competitors.
Due to competition from other malls, such as Old Orchard, Randhurst Mall, and Woodfield Mall, Golf Mill underwent a major remodel in 1986. It involved razing the north end of the mall (the strip mall portion and the playhouse) to build a new enclosed mall portion anchored by MainStreet, and enclosing the mall between Sears and JCPenney, adding a food court in the process. Sears became a "walk-through" anchor.
In 1989, MainStreet became Kohl's. In 1998, a Target was built near Kohl's. General Growth Properties took over management of Golf Mill Shopping Center in 1994. Value City Furniture was added in 2005. In 2006, GGP remodeled the mall, installing new flooring, a new facade, lighting, and entrances, but only in part of the mall. The remodel brought a 12-screen Kerasotes movie theater. In 2010, Kerasotes ShowPlace 12 was acquired by AMC. After a turn of events with General Growth Properties, Milwaukee Golf Management Corporation took over management of Golf Mill Shopping Center in 2009. Ross Dress for Less opened in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9872707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872707" title="Adams (constructor)">
Adams (constructor)

Adams was an American racing car constructor, named after Clyde Adams. Adams had left his native Texas and moved to Los Angeles at the age of 20. Adams started working for Harry Miller, and built a reputation as a first-class metalworker. When Miller's business collapsed in the aftermath of the Great Depression, Adams set up his own business. He worked on a range of Indianapolis 500 vehicles from 1930 to 1950, as well as several speedcars.
Adams cars competed in one FIA World Championship race - the 1950 Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872709" title="Zoom Telephonics">
Zoom Telephonics

Zoom Telephonics, Inc. () designs and produces Voice over IP gateways, DSL modems, cable modems, dial-up modems, Bluetooth products, and other communications products under Zoom, Hayes and Global Village brands.
Zoom Technologies () is a holding Company split from Zoom Telephonics in 2009 following a merger with the Chinese company Gold Lion Holding Ltd.with subsidiaries that engage in the manufacturing, research and development, and sale of electronic and telecommunication products for the latest generation of mobile phones, wireless communication circuitry and related software products. Zoom Technologies' current subsidiary, Jiangsu Leimone, owns a majority stake of TCB Digital, which offers highly customized and high quality Electronic Manufacturing Service (EMS) for Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) customers as well as its Own Brand Manufacturing (OBM) under the ZOOM, LEIMONE and LONGTEL brand names. The Company's products are both exported globally and sold domestically in People's Republic of China. Zoom Technologies also owns a controlling interest in Portables Unlimited LLC, a cellular service and products distributor in the U.S.
Zoom Telephonics is headquartered in Boston, and its European sales and support center is in the UK. Zoom markets its products in over forty countries, and provides multi-lingual support from its offices in Massachusetts, and the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9872718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872718" title="Sherman (constructor)">
Sherman (constructor)

Sherman was an American racing car constructor. Sherman cars competed in two FIA World Championship races - the and Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872724" title="Shindand District">
Shindand District

Shindand (; formerly known as Sabzwar), is one of the 16 districts of Herat Province, in western Afghanistan, and is situated in the southern part of that province. It borders Adraskan District to the north, Ghor Province to the east and Farah Province to the south and west. The population was 151,900 (as of 2005) in 562 villages. The district center is the town of Shindand, which boasts a very active market area. Shindand Air Base is located near the town. The main Herat-Kandahar road passes through the district. The Zerekoh Valley is in the district.
History.
Its ancient name was Esfezar. Notable historical sites in Shindand include Qala-Dokhtar and Qala Rustam-Zal. 
Around midnight August 21, 2008, at least 90 Afghan civilians, including 60 children, were killed by foreign and Afghan military personnel in military operations which included airstrikes in the district.
On 13 July 2012, the district mayor Abdul Salam Rahimi was assassinated.
Divisions.
Shindand District is divided into five buluks, namely: Zawol, Zerkoh, Poshteh-Koh, Kooh-Zoor and Qasaba. Shindand District is one of the most diverse and wide districts in Afghanistan, representing thirty different Afghan tribes which include both Tajik and Pashtun groups and sub-groups. Though in recent times tribal differences have been exploited by powerful figures in Shindand nevertheless there has generally been good relationship and inter-marriages within these tribes.
Climate.
Shindand enjoys lots of sunshine and winds all year long. Though the winds pick up during the months of May through September, called Badayeh-Sado-Bist Roozeh (120 Day Winds). The rainy season is from November/December to March/April, though the rains are scattered.
Notes.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.
External links.
Khair Mohammad Gardezi Taliban Commander Herat Area

</doc>
<doc id="9872729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872729" title="Schroeder (constructor)">
Schroeder (constructor)

Schroeder was an American racing car constructor. Schroeder cars competed in four FIA World Championship races - the , , and Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872734" title="Hall (constructor)">
Hall (constructor)

Hall was an American racing car constructor. Hall cars competed in one FIA World Championship race - the 1951 Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872747" title="Turner (constructor)">
Turner (constructor)

Turner was an American racing car constructor. Turner cars competed in one FIA World Championship race - the 1953 Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872753" title="Phillips (constructor)">
Phillips (constructor)

Phillips was an American racing car constructor. Phillips cars competed in seven FIA World Championship races - the - Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872758" title="Paris International Agricultural Show">
Paris International Agricultural Show

Paris International Agricultural Show (French: "Salon International de l'Agriculture", or "SIA") is an annual agricultural exposition and fair, that takes place end of February or beginning of March at the Porte de Versailles in Paris, France. It is one of the world’s largest and most important agricultural shows, drawing larger crowds than any other exposition in Paris except the Foire de Paris.
History.
This event was first held in 1870 as the "Concours général agricole" (CGA), its name changed in 1964, but the "Concours" still exists and is one of the main attractions of the fair.
See also.
Berlin International Green Week

</doc>
<doc id="9872760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872760" title="Elder (constructor)">
Elder (constructor)

Elder was an American racing car constructor. Elder cars competed in one FIA World Championship race - the 1959 Indianapolis 500.

</doc>
<doc id="9872797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872797" title="Safronov">
Safronov

Safronov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9872801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872801" title="Moss Point School District">
Moss Point School District

The Moss Point School District is a public school district based in Moss Point, Mississippi (USA).
In addition to Moss Point, the district also serves the communities of Escatawpa and Helena.
Demographics.
2006-07 school year.
There were a total of 3,216 students enrolled in the Moss Point School District during the 2006-2007 school year. The gender makeup of the district was 49% female and 51% male. The racial makeup of the district was 71.49% African American, 26.68% White, 1.34% Hispanic, 0.44% Asian, and 0.06% Native American. 69.5% of the district's students were eligible to receive free lunch.
Moss Point High School has had foreign exchange students every school year for several years now.

</doc>
<doc id="9872804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872804" title="Tropical Storm George">
Tropical Storm George

Tropical Storm George may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9872805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872805" title="Sherwood Park Titans">
Sherwood Park Titans

The Sherwood Park Titans are a box lacrosse team which plays in the Rocky Mountain Lacrosse League. The Titans were granted an expansion franchise in the winter of 2003 for the 2004 season. The previous two seasons, the Titans were dominant in the Tier 2 league as they compiled a total of 32 wins, 2 losses and 1 tie. They also captured the Tier 2 Provincial championship in 2002 as well as 2003. The Titans hired Paul Rai as their first ever head coach.
2004 season.
The Titans' first season of play in the RMLL Junior B circuit was successful as the team compiled an 11-7-3 record, good enough for third place. The Titans were eliminated from the playoffs first round by the Calgary Mountaineers, who in turn eventually claimed the RMLL Junior B Championship. The inaugural season was not without controversy as the Titans' home opener was marred by criminal charges that were laid against Titans player Jeff Benuik. These were in regards to a fight that occurred between him and Edmonton Warriors rookie Cam Ritchie. The charges against him were eventually dismissed. Also, the Titans were shorted a home game by the Calgary Mountaineers due to the Calgary Flames' playoff run in 2004. The Mountaineers were fined and forfeited the two points to the Titans.
2005 season.
The Titans were poised to be the team to beat in 2005. With a long list of veterans returning to the team as well as a good group of rookies, the Titans were the team to beat in 2005.
The Titans were led by Jesse Draper and Jordan Houstra on offense and Jeff Benuik commanding the defense. The Titans acquired Russ Decker off waivers from the Edmonton Warriors and he was slotted into the mix between current goaltenders Darcy Niedzielski and Eric Mitskopolous.
The Titans started out of the gate extremely well staying on top of the RMLL standing for most of the season. The Titans ended up tied with the Edmonton Warriors for the league lead but the Titans claimed the regular-season title as they had a better "season series" with the Warriors. This was the Titans' first Regular season championship.
The Titans went into the playoffs with home floor advantage starting off with the Calgary Mountaineers. The Titans claimed the series 2-0.
The Titans for the first time in team history reached the RMLL Provincial Finals against their arch rivals the Edmonton Warriors. The Titans claimed the first game of the series winning 11-7. The second game went to the Warriors by a score of 11-2. Game three, in Edmonton, went to the Warriors by a score of 6-4. The Titans were on the verge of elimination as the Warriors led the best of 5 series 2-1. The Titans however fought back and tied the series at two games apiece. The last game of the provincials was played out of the Bill Hunter Arena, the Edmonton Warriors home arena, as the Titans' home rink was unavailable for the play. The game was very close as both teams jockeyed for position. However the climax was a line-clearing brawl that involved both teams' goaltenders. Eric Mitskopoulous, who was in net for the Titans, was ejected from the game, leaving the Warriors' goalie Tyler Suchan in net. Titans backup Darcy Niedzielski came in cold. The Warriors capitalized on the ensuing Power Plays that came from the line brawl and went up 7-4. Phil McIntyre scored to make the score 7-5 but it was little too late. The Warriors locked up the victory and claimed the Provincial Title.
2006 season.
Many changes came about for the Junior Titans. Paul Rai resigned as head coach. Also with the new expansion in Junior A, the Titans' roster was sacked as many players were picked up through the Entry draft. In total twelve players from the Titans 2005 were gone. As well many players were over aged. All three factors did not bode well for the Titans.
The Titans hired former assistant coach Wayne Niedzielski to take on the head coaching duties. The 2006 was one that lacked much needed experience as they had only a total of four returning players to balance the leadership roles. The team started out decent with two wins and a loss but quickly they were decimated by that lack of leadership and overall skill. The team did not see much success through the rest of the season as they were inconsistent. However the game results were much closer than expected as the Titans were only losing games by a couple goals, something that is rare for a team that lacked the playing experience that the 2006 team experienced.
The Titans went into the playoffs as a long shot as they were facing off against the league leading Edmonton Warriors. The Titans however came to life and forced the Warriors to a 12-12 tie in Game One. The Game went to overtime and with the Titans shorthanded, the Titans lose 13-12 on the ensuing powerplay. Game two was at the Sherwood Park Arena and the Titans on the verge of elimination. The Titans fought back though and with probably one of the most recent displays of determination won the second game by a score of 7-6. The Titans were now slated to upset the Warriors and the Titans dominated the game play of both games. Game three at the Bill Hunter Arena again had its fair share of controversy. The Warriors requested the Titans changed benches. With the teams already throbbing with emotion and the game tied 1-1 in the second period, the Titans goaltender Kyle Kowalchuk was called on illegal equipment. The call was granted and Kyle was ejected from the game. The Titans then had to rally behind defenseman Brendan Sanche, who had to go in net as the Titans backup Austin Souliere was not able to attend the game. The Titans were decimated as they were down to three men as the Warriors had a powerplay before the call. The Warriors quickly made it a 5-1 game. Austin Souliere however did end up making it but was not able to stop the Warriors scoring. The game ended with a score of 7-2 and thus ending the Titans season.

</doc>
<doc id="9872853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872853" title="Claron McFadden">
Claron McFadden

Claron McFadden (born 1961) is an American soprano. McFadden studied voice at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York, finishing her degree in 1984.
She gained international fame when making her Glyndebourne Festival Opera debut in the title role of the opera Lulu, conducted by Sir Andrew Davis.
As well as singing many of the major oratorio works, McFadden became particularly world famous for her interpretation of modern and contemporary music. McFadden is currently based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Awards.
Awarded by Amsterdam Mayor Job Cohen on 23 August 2007 with the "Amsterdam Prize for the Arts" (Amsterdam Funding for the Arts, The Netherlands).

</doc>
<doc id="9872868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872868" title="William Henry Huntington">
William Henry Huntington

William Henry Huntington (1820–1885) was an American journalist, born at Norwich, Conn. He attended Wesleyan University in Middletown, Connecticut, and there became a member of the Mystical Seven. He was in Paris as correspondent of the New York "Tribune" for 20 years, from 1858. He notoriously nicknamed Napoleon III, "Prince Napkin". His philanthropic work the Siege of Paris (1870–1871) was important. He bequeathed his collection of medals, bronzes, porcelains, miniatures, engravings, and prints relating to Washington, Lafayette, and Franklin to the Metropolitan Museum, New York. 

</doc>
<doc id="9872883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872883" title="Cliff Twemlow">
Cliff Twemlow

Cliff Twemlow (14 October 1937 – 5 May 1993) was an English actor, nightclub bouncer, horror paperback writer and library music composer.
Career.
Twemlow was born in Hulme, Manchester, the son of a merchant seaman. He became a nightclub bouncer, or “Tuxedo Warrior”, in 1950s Morecambe before this occupation would take him to Scotland and back to Manchester. Hoping to diversify Twemlow worked as an extra on the television series Coronation Street and attempted to break into the music industry by composing library music under the pen name Peter Reno. The latter was a hugely successful venture, with Twemlow penning more than two thousand compositions within the space of a few years. Musically self-taught, Cliff composed music using what he referred to as the ‘De Dum Da’ Principle. “I had discovered that with the aid of a tape recorder, I could assemble or compose lyric and tune. My voice would simulate orchestral sounds, giving me an insight as to how it could be arranged. God, the noises were appalling. Um Te Ta, Deeple, Dum Rump Pa Pa! I was in hysterics listening to the playback.” he later claimed in his autobiography. Most of his Peter Reno material was written for the company De Wolfe Music and used in television ("Public Eye", Rutland Weekend Television, "The Benny Hill Show","Queenie’s Castle", "The Sweeney"), films ("Zeta One, "Secrets of Sex", "A Touch of the Sun") and advertisements. One of his songs “Cause I’m a Man”, written in 1967, later became famous when it was used in the film Dawn of the Dead. A particularly lucrative composition was “Distant Hills”, which was used as the end credit theme of the programme "Crown Court" from 1972 to the shows end in 1984. “Distant Hills” would also prove to be Cliff’s only brush with the charts when it was used as the B side to Eye Level- the theme from Van der Valk- a single that enjoyed four weeks at number one in 1973. The same year however Cliff would encounter legal problems due to a song of his - recorded by Salena Jones - bearing the name ‘Live and Let Die’. Though released shortly before Paul McCartney recorded a song by the same name for the eponymous James Bond film, a court case was instigated by the publishers of the McCartney song and an injunction slammed on the Twemlow record. Twemlow’s defence was that it was simply an innocent example of two songs bearing the same title, unfortunately a “James Bond” style pose on the picture sleeve threw doubt on this, and the court found in favour of McCartney’s people. The Twemlow/Salena Jones record was subsequently withdrawn. Unfortunately such problems within the music industry, combined with bad business deals, legal hassles and a divorce from childhood sweetheart Georgina Curly meant Twemlow's music success was short lived and he was eventually declared bankrupt.
One of Twemlow’s songs from this period “Once” from the album Restless Woman (1971), claims 
“Once I owned a mansion/ Money couldn’t buy / People used to stop and say / There goes quite a guy/ Now I’m left with nothing/ And I have no place to go/ For when you’re down/ Nobody wants to know”.
In the mid-1970s Twemlow took a variety of odd jobs, including a delivery driver for Lomas and Baynes, a company that specialised in supplying equipment for offices, he also worked for a time as a ferryman on the Manchester Ship Canal in Irlam. After undergoing an extreme fitness régime to get back into shape (Twemlow’s exercise sessions - which included jogging with lead weights tied to his legs - were the stuff of local legend) Twemlow eventually returned to work as a nightclub bouncer, taking a £70 a week job, at Peter Stringfellow's 'Millionaire' nightclub in Manchester's West Mosley Street - this was the real name of the 'The Omega' club referred to in the book, 'The Tuxedo Warrior'. He was married to Judith, who worked as a secretary for a Manchester firm of solicitors and they lived in Whitefield on the north side of the Manchester area.
In the early 1980s he wrote his autobiography "The Tuxedo Warrior", which documented his career in the music industry and as a bouncer. In the book's final chapter Twemlow is hospitalised after a fight in a nightclub leaves him with a fractured skull and his family ask him to retire or seek an alternative lifestyle. He refuses and returns to being a Tuxedo Warrior, the book closes with the statement “it is far better to be a resident on the brink of hell, than spend a lifetime in a relentless pursuit of a mythical heaven”.
Tuxedo Warrior was turned into a film in 1982, however the film chooses to ignore all aspects of Cliff’s life and instead merely uses him as a character in a fictional narrative. In the film Cliff (John Wyman) is an ex-bouncer from Manchester who has opened a bar in South Africa and becomes involved in diamond smuggling, as well as being torn between two women, an American free spirit (Holly Palance) and a British compulsive gambler (Carol Royle). Confusingly the real Twemlow appears in the film as supporting character ‘Chaser’. The only other character in the film taken from the book, in real life Chaser, r.n. Barney Brogan, was an American bouncer who had a violent confrontation with Cliff in 1950s Morecambe. In the book he is described as “a big burly American, around 5' 11". Whose face had taken more second prizes than a blind tomcat in a bowling alley….. Chaser was big and evil.”
Encouraged by the success of the Tuxedo Warrior book Twemlow would go onto write two fiction books for the pulp horror market the Beast of Kane (1983) and The Pike (1982). The Beast of Kane, concerns the Gordon family, who adopt a stray elk-hound that turns out to be “Satan himself, fulfilling an ancient prophecy”. Written in the late 1970s under the title The Dogs of Kane, the book was submitted as a possible film project for Hammer Film Productions but was rejected. Twemlow then tried to make a film of The Pike, starring Joan Collins, but the budget could not be raised despite Collins’ star power and Twemlow and Collins promoting the film on the BBC’s Look North programme. During the promotion Joan appeared on a BBC TV Tomorrow's World special featuring the innovative and technically advanced mechanical Pike, made especially for the film. The Mechanical Pike apparently now resides as an exhibit of robotics in Japan.
In 1982-83 Twemlow acted in, wrote and composed the music score for the film “GBH”, one of the earliest British films to be shot on videotape. Considered to be far more accurate in depicting Twemlow’s life than the Tuxedo Warrior film, GBH features him as Steve Donovan aka “The Mancunian”, a world weary nightclub bouncer hired to protect a club from a London gang. The film’s well remembered video cover features a blood splattered Twemlow holding an axe with the tag line “more brutal than "The Long Good Friday"”.
The theme song of the film, written by Cliff was actually a ballad depiction of how Cliff was in real life, the lyrics "he walks tall with his head held high, before he backs down he would rather die, he's a mean machine, none tougher than, the man, man, man, man-cunian man!" were EXACTLY how Cliff lived his life. To those who REALLY knew him, rather than those who knew him vaguely or claimed to know him; his true friends who lived day by day, shoulder to shoulder with him through the 1980s and into the 1990s saw him live by his words and actually led by example, often daring to venture where others genuinely feared to tread. GBH led to Cliff Twemlow appearing in 12 more films shot as video features plus a plethora of film-shorts and MajorVision special interest films.
These included Target Eve Island (1983), which became known as Operation Urgent Fury, named after the American military operation to Grenada, co-produced with Martin de Rooy in Grenada and Barbados, The Ibiza Connection in 1994 with his close friends Steve Powell and Brian Sterling-Vete, in 1985 Cliff worked closely with Brian in an attempt to produce the film called 'The Blind Side of God' with former Coronation Street star Peter Adamson, the film was later produced in conjunction with Dave Kent-Watson but Peter Adamson did not appear in the finished DKW version.
Late in 1986 Cliff produced and starred in Moonstalker - AKA 'Predator' alongside Cordelia Roche and his old friend Brian in the role as 'Bager', the Psycho killer of the film. This film was shot by David Tattersall (Director of Photography - DOP) - David then went on to eventually become the DOP on The Green Mile, Con Air, Star Wars 1 and 2, The Young Indiana Jones and most recently The Day The Earth Stood Still.
Cliff took a short break in December 1985 and January 1986 when he was invited to join his friend Brian in Iceland, this is where Brian was co-producing a play, Trafford Tanzi with Jon Paul Baldwinsson of the Icelandic National Theatre. It was there that Cliff met Brian's old friend and 4 time World's Strongest Man, Pall Sigmarsson. More information is on the web site www.bs-v.tv which is the official website of one Cliff's closest friends through the 1980s and into the 1990s, Brian Sterling-Vete; Cliff's other great friend Stuart Hurst should also be consulted as he also worked super-closely with Cliff right through to the very end.
When Cliff and Brian returned to the UK, Cliff set to producing The Eye of Satan (1987) in which Cliff plays a mercenary with satanic powers alongside glamorous co-star Ginette Gray, Tokyo Sunrise with Director Robert Foster in 1988 and Firestar: First Contact (1991) in which Cliff and Oliver Tobias battle alien monsters with a superb performance from Stuart Hurst.
After working on Tokyo Sunrise with Robert Foster and Brian Sterling-Vete, Cliff appeared in several special interest films produced by his friend Brian on the MajorVision label (now on DVD) these included 'The Power to Win, 'The Ultimate Self Defence' and 'Fitness Over Forty'
The pioneering feature films, some shot on super-low-budgets and mostly filmed in and around Manchester, continued until his premature death from a heart attack in 1993. Since that time the films produced by Cliff together with his production team and the regular members of 'the cast' have been honoured by the British Film Institute and in Julian Granger's book.

</doc>
<doc id="9872910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872910" title="Quarterpath Road">
Quarterpath Road

Quarterpath Road is one of the oldest roads in James City County and the independent city of Williamsburg, Virginia. 
History.
Colonial era.
Established in the 17th century, Quarterpath Road extended from Middle Plantation (renamed Williamsburg in 1699) through what later became Kingsmill Plantation to Burwell's Landing on the James River, a few miles east of Jamestown. The Burwells were among the First Families of Virginia in the Colony of Virginia, and built the plantation's manor house beginning in the 1730s. A few years later, Carter Burwell built Carter's Grove immediately to the east in what became the modern day Grove Community. 
For many years, the Quarterpath Road was the most direct route between Williamsburg and the landing on the James River at Burwell's which was east of Jamestown and more convenient to the Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean. In 1775, as the hostilities which became the American Revolutionary War escalated, British troops loyal to the final Royal Governor, Lord Dunmore, walked along the road to steal gunpowder and munitions from the colony's stores at the Powder Magazine in Williamsburg. 
American Civil War.
During the American Civil War (1861-1865), although he had personally hoped to avoid secession and a war for Virginia, James City County resident Benjamin S. Ewell, the president of the College of William and Mary, joined the local Virginia militia as the Board of Visitors closed the College during the War. 
Colonel Ewell, an older brother of Confederate Major General Richard S. Ewell, was tasked with designing fortifications across the Virginia Peninsula east of Williamsburg which became known as the "Williamsburg Line". Under his guidance, 14 mostly earthen redoubts were planned and built, taking advantage of the terrain, and anchored by the earthen Fort Magruder at the junction of the roads to Williamsburg leading from Lee's Mill and Yorktown. Several of the redoubts to the southwest were located near (and west) of the Quarterpath Road and protected it. 
In the 1862 Peninsula Campaign, Union forces commanded by Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan attempted to move northwesterly up the Peninsula from Fort Monroe and capture the Confederate capital of Richmond by circumventing the Confederate States Army in northern Virginia. Greatly outnumbered forces on the Peninsula initially under Major General John Bankhead Magruder delayed the advance through tactics which included elaborate ruses and physical barriers such as the Warwick Line (anchored by Mulberry Island and Yorktown), and the much less substantial Williamsburg Line. During the Battle of Williamsburg on May 5, 1862, nearly 41,000 Federals and 32,000 Confederates were engaged. Confederate casualties, including the cavalry skirmishing on May 4, were 1,682. Union casualties were 2,283. The area along the Quarterpath Road saw fierce fighting. Several of the redoubts still exist there, and have been preserved, as has a small portion of Fort Magruder along Penniman Road. 
At the time, the Northern press portrayed the battle as a victory for the Federal army. McClellan mis-categorized it as a "brilliant victory" over superior forces. However, the defense of Williamsburg was seen by the South as a means of delaying the Federals, which allowed the bulk of the Confederate army to continue its withdrawal toward Richmond. (Benjamin Ewell's efforts to save and restore the College after the War became legendary in the U.S. Congress and the Williamsburg community). 
Modern times.
For much of the 20th century, most of the adjacent land to the Quarterpath Road was owned by the Colonial Williamsburg Foundation (CW). Under the leadership of CW Chairman Winthrop Rockefeller, a large tract was sold to Anheuser-Busch (AB) in the early 1970s for planned development. Among the goals were to compliment Colonial Williamsburg attractions and enhance the local economy. The result was a large brewery, the Busch Gardens Williamsburg theme park, the Kingsmill planned resort community, and an office park. AB and related entities from that development plan now are the source of the area's largest employment base, surpassing both Colonial Williamsburg and the local military bases.
James City County.
Although all of the Quarterpath Road was originally in James City County, Williamsburg became an independent city from the county in the late 19th century. Border adjustments through annexation have divided the roadway between these two local political subdivisions of Virginia. 
The portion of the Quarterpath Road in James City County is now adjacent to and within the Kingsmill planned resort community. Near the intersection of Route 199, sections of the old Quarterpath Road and Carter's Grove Country Road each pass within sight of the county government complex, which is located on a heavily wooded site.
City of Williamsburg.
With the city limits of Williamsburg, the section between U.S. Route 60 and State Route 199 still exists. Williamsburg's Quarterpath Park is located near the northern end, including a recreational center and a community swimming pool. However, there will be no direct motor vehicle connection to new development areas because the city elected to close Quarterpath Road at Tutters Neck Pond and convert it to a walking and biking trail, with access to Redoubt Park commemorating the American Civil War history there. 
A shopping center is being developed along a portion near Route 199, with other development including a hospital complex under construction on the largest undeveloped tract of land in the city. Studies in the area began in 2005 as plans to utilize some of the large tract of undeveloped land were in exploratory stages. According to the local "Virginia Gazette" newspaper, archaeologists working in 2008 found signs of a complex of dwellings they believe date to 1670, apparently a farm. Artifacts recovered from the site date from 1650 to 1750. Included were tobacco pipes and kitchen implements, fragments of wine glasses, and an array of tools. Although the site is only a short distance from the restored historic district known as Colonial Williamsburg, the researchers feel that the inhabitants probably had little communication with Williamsburg during its early days. Garrett R. Fesler, senior archaeologist on the project, told the newspaper: "It was probably oriented more toward the river. Tobacco was probably grown and hauled to the river for shipment. Later, when Williamsburg began to grow, the outlying farmer probably began to see it as a market." 

</doc>
<doc id="9872920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872920" title="Cigaritis vulcanus">
Cigaritis vulcanus

The Common Silverline, "Cigaritis vulcanus" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.
Description.
The wingspan is 26–34 mm.
Food Plants.
The larvae feed on "Jujube", "Zizyphus rugosa", "Lxora longifolia", "Clerodendrum siphomanthus", "C. inerme", "Allophylus cobbe", "Ixora chinensis" and "Canthium parviflorum".

</doc>
<doc id="9872931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872931" title="Telegraph Act 1868">
Telegraph Act 1868

The Telegraph Act 1868 (31 & 32 Vict. c.110) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (as it then was). It paved the way for the British state to take over telegraph companies and/or their operations.
It has been effectively repealed (only s.1, providing the short title remains in force).
It was one of Post Office Acts 1837 to 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="9872936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872936" title="Spindasis lohita">
Spindasis lohita

The Long-banded Silverline, "Spindasis lohita" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 
Host plants.
This species had been recorded on: "Coffea liberica" (Rubiaceae), "Dioscorea sp." (Dioscoreaceae) "Glochidion rubrum" (Euphorbiaceae), "Hiptage benghalensis" (Malpighiaceae), "Litchi sp." (Sapindaceae), "Xylia sp." and Peltophorum sp." (Leguminosae) as well as on "Psidium guajava" (Myrtaceae).

</doc>
<doc id="9872937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872937" title="Banditti of the Prairie">
Banditti of the Prairie

The Banditti of the Prairie also, known as "The Prairie Bandits," "Pirates of the Prairie," "Prairie Pirates," or simply "The Banditti," in the U.S. state of Illinois, were a group of loose-knit outlaw gangs during the early-mid-19th century. Though bands of roving criminals were common in many parts of Illinois, the counties of Lee, DeKalb, Ogle, and Winnebago were especially affected by them. In the year 1841, the escalating pattern of house burglary, horse and cattle theft, stagecoach and highway robbery, counterfeiting, and murder associated with the Banditti had come to a head in Ogle County. As the crimes continued, local citizens formed bands of vigilantes known as Regulators. The clash between the Banditti and the Regulators in Ogle County resulted in a lynching and decreased Banditti activity within the county.
Banditti and Regulator activity continued well after the lynching that occurred in 1841. Crimes continued, committed by both sides, across northern/central Illinois. The Banditti were involved in other notable events as well, including the 1845 torture-murder of merchant, Colonel George Davenport, the namesake of Davenport, Iowa. Edward Bonney, an amateur detective who hunted down and brought to justice the killers, wrote of his exploits and alibi, which were recounted in his book, "," published in Chicago in 1850. The outlaw gangs also continued to be active in Lee and Winnebago counties following the events in Oregon.
Banditti influence.
The Prairie Bandits were active across northern Illinois, especially in Lee, Ogle, Winnebago, and DeKalb counties, from around 1835 until the events leading to their ultimate demise began on March 21, 1841. The Bandits wielded considerable influence in the area, collectively known as the Rock River Valley, following the influx of immigrants after the 1832 Black Hawk War. Former Illinois Governor Thomas Ford wrote in "History of Illinois":
In Lee County the Banditti also had enough power to get away unnoticed. The group had enough allies that they were scattered throughout the county. The connections the Banditti had around the county made illegal activities such as counterfeiting and dealing in and concealing stolen property easy to perpetrate. It was reported that at one time every township officer in Lee County was a member of the Banditti. Acts of theft were carried on in defiance of authority. Citizens were threatened when they tried to seek redress from the thieves.
In the end the Prairie Bandits' activity in Ogle and Lee County became more than area residents were willing to withstand. In Ogle County the crimes that occurred in March 1841 resulted in a kangaroo court which culminated with the lynching of two Banditti near Oregon, Illinois. In nearby Lee County, a Vigilance Committee was formed men from throughout Lee County, and especially Lee Center Township took an active role in suppressing the Banditti activity.
Ogle County.
Beginning with the events on March 21, 1841 violence and retribution escalated in the area around the Ogle County city of Oregon. Illinois, still frontier in 1841, was settled by large numbers of migrants after the Black Hawk War. The settlers were followed to the area by a criminal element. The Banditti of the Prairie were part of the crime problem that plagued much of northern Illinois. As such, local citizens eventually took the law into their own hands.
Background.
On March 21, 1841, six members of the Banditti were arrested on charges of counterfeiting. They were held at the Ogle County Jail in the city of Oregon. That night a fire broke out in the newly completed courthouse, which was to be used for the first time the next day. The fire, set by the Banditti, was meant as a diversion to facilitate the escape of the apprehended gang members. The diversion failed; though the courthouse burned to the ground, the jail remained intact. The court records concerning the case had been safely concealed in the home of the court clerk. Ford, who sat as Ogle County Circuit Judge at the time, reconvened court at a new location and the trial for the accused counterfeiters went on as planned.
The jury, as was common in Ogle County at the time, had been infiltrated by one of the Banditti who subsequently refused to convict the accused. The other jurors persuaded the rogue juror to convict by threatening to lynch him in the jury room if he failed to agree with the majority opinion. The Banditti juror capitulated and three of the accused were convicted. The convicts, however, soon escaped and avoided their sentences.
By April the community of Oregon and Ogle County in general had reached a boiling point. During that month a group of citizens, possibly acting under direct counsel from Ford, met at a schoolhouse in White Rock Township and formed an organization aimed at driving the outlaws out of the county. Membership in the new group grew quickly, soon numbering in the hundreds, and copycat chapters sprang up all over the Rock River Valley. These bands of citizen vigilantes were most often known as "Regulators". Other names included, "lynching clubs", and in Lee County one group was known as the "Associations for the Furtherance of the Cause of Justice".
The Regulators in Ogle County began by whipping two horse thieves, one of whom joined the group after the incident. The first Ogle County Regulator captain, W.S. Wellington, stepped aside after his grist mill was destroyed and his horse tortured and killed in April 1841. The new captain, John Campbell, was a resident of White Rock Township. The leaders of the Banditti were the Driscoll family or Driscoll Gang. At the head was John Driscoll, who had migrated from Ohio in 1835 with his four grown sons, William, David, Pierce and Taylor. The Driscoll's lived on Killbuck Creek in northeast Ogle County. Driscoll and his son Taylor had both been convicted of arson while they lived in Ohio.
Campbell's ascension to the lead Regulator post was met with hostiity from the Driscoll camp. William Driscoll immediately sent Campbell a letter offering to kill him. Campbell responded in kind; he assembled 200 Regulators, and marched to the Driscoll home. A small group of Banditti had gathered at the Driscoll homestead but seeing they were outnumbered they fled, only to return with the DeKalb County Sheriff and other authorities in tow. The Sheriff and his companions did not see the events as the outlaws had hoped; they sided with the vigilantes, and the Driscolls promised to leave within twenty days. Instead of leaving, the Driscolls and the other Banditti held a meeting in which they determined that Campbell and his fellow Regulator, Phineas Chaney, had to be murdered.
Lynching.
Nearly three months later, on June 25, 1841, there was an attempt to kill Chaney. Two days passed, and on June 27 David Driscoll and his brother Taylor attacked Campbell at his farm. David fired the single, fatal shot. Campbell's son, Martin, then 13, fired at the Driscolls with a shotgun, but the weapon failed to go off.
The account that stated David and Taylor Driscoll were the gunmen came from Campbell's wife. Despite this claim, hoofprints at the scene of the crime indicated that there had been an additional three horses there. It was these hoofprints that the Regulators followed back to the Driscoll home. Once there, accompanied by Ogle County Sheriff William T. Ward, the angry group confronted John Driscoll. After questioning by Ward and his accompanying mob, the sheriff was satisfied that John Driscoll was involved in Campbell's murder and arrested him "on suspicion of being accessory to the murder". While David and Taylor Driscoll, the gunmen, fled that fateful day, William and Pierce Driscoll were arrested by a group of Regulators from Rockford.
Court was convened at "Stephenson's Mill" in Washington Grove, because of the courthouse fire in March. The court was organized, witnesses gathered, and proceedings went forward. A crowd gathered at the mill, estimated to be as many as 500. At this point, Ogle County Sheriff Ward appealed to have the Driscolls returned to his custody. E.S. Leland presided over the makeshift court as judge, a position he would later hold legitimately in Ottawa, Illinois. Leland directed those present who were Regulators to form a circle, 120 men initially stepped forward; nine were dismissed as not being "real" Regulators. The 111 men remaining formed the "jury".
The trial began and William Driscoll admitted to telling his brother to kill Campbell, but only "in jest". His father, John, denied vehemently that he had anything to do with the murder, though he did admit to stealing numerous horses. Pierce Driscoll was released from custody when no evidence was found linking him to the crime. At the trial's end the guilty verdict was described as "almost unanimous"; the Driscolls were immediately sentenced to be hanged on the spot. The Driscoll's refused to be hanged and instead requested that they be shot. Before the execution was carried out, William Driscoll confessed to six murders; John confessed to nothing. The Regulators then assembled a large firing squad and prepared to carry out the execution. The Regulators divided themselves into two separate squads, one for each man, of 55 and 56 riflemen. The line of 56 executioners shot first John Driscoll. William, by this time trembling, was gunned down next by the line of 55 Regulators.
The description in the 1909 "Historical Encyclopedia of Illinois" was somewhat more tame: 
The lynching of the Driscolls did not spell the end of the Regulators nor the Banditti, but it did serve to greatly decrease Banditti activity in Ogle County.
Other activity.
Though the banditti continued to plague areas of northern Illinois, they were largely eradicated from Ogle County following the lynching of the Driscolls. However, both the Banditti and the Regulators continued to be active. In Winnebago County, in early July 1841, the offices of the "Rock River Express" were ransacked, an early predecessor to the "Rockford Register Star", the daily newspaper of Rockford, Illinois. The offices were likely trashed in response to a scathing editorial published by the "Express" speaking out against the vigilante action taken by the Regulators.
Banditti crimes continued well into the 1840s. One of the most famous incidents, outside of the lynching in Oregon, to be attributed to the Banditti was the murder of Colonel George Davenport at his home on the Rock Island Arsenal. On July 4, 1845, Colonel Davenport was assaulted in his home by Banditti men who thought he had a fortune in his safe. Beaten and left for dead, he survived long enough to give a full description of the criminals before he died that night. Five men were charged with the murder of George Davenport, and all but one, who escaped before the trial, were hung for the murder. Three more men were charged with accessories to the murder. One man was sentenced to life in prison, but escaped and was killed three months later, one man served one year in prison, and the charges were dropped against the third man, who left the area.
In Lee County, Illinois the Banditti were most active in the years 1843-1850, after the lynching in Oregon. During that period crime and gang operations were rampant throughout the Mississippi Valley but Lee County, like its neighboring northern Illinois counties, saw consistent activity. Near the Lee County village of Franklin Grove, a brutal double-murder was committed in 1848. On May 20, 1848, area resident Joshua Wingert, while searching through the grove two miles (3 km) west of town for his cattle, came upon a small log hut. Inside he discovered the bodies of two men, killed with their own axe. One of the men was nearly decapitated and the other had a large gash across his forehead. The assumed motive was robbery, as the hut was ransacked and bloody fingerprints were all about the small building. The crime's perpetrator or perpetrators were never apprehended.
Also in Lee County, the Banditti were active in and around Inlet Grove. In June 1844 the group carried out a daring robbery of a Mr. Haskell. Haskell's residence was robbed by masked men in the midst of a summer thunderstorm. The perpetrators entered Haskell's bedroom while he and his wife were asleep. The robbers dragged a trunk of money out from underneath the sleeping Haskell's bed undetected, much of the noise they made probably drowned out by thunder. The Haskell's did not discover they had been the victims of a robbery until the next morning.
References.
Bonney, Edward. ". Chicago: T.B. Peterson and Brothers, 1850.
Chapman, Charles M., publisher. "History of Pike county, Illinois: together with sketches of its cities, villages and townships, educational, religious, civil, military, and political history; portraits of prominent persons and biographies of representative citizens". 1880.
Cole, Harry Ellsworth, Cole, Kellogg, Louise Phelps, and Louise Phelps, Brunet, Patrick J. "Stagecoach and tavern tales of the Old Northwest". Carbondale, IL: Southern Illinois University Press, 1930.
Quaife, Milo Milton. "Chicago's Highways, Old and New, from Indian Trail to Motor Road." Chicago: D.F. Keller & Co.,1923.

</doc>
<doc id="9872953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872953" title="Tan Pin Pin">
Tan Pin Pin

Tan Pin Pin () is a Singapore-based film director. Her films are explorations of Singapore, her histories, contexts and limits. She is best known for the documentary film "Singapore GaGa". It was the first Singapore documentary to have a theatrical run.
Career.
Her films have screened at notable festivals like Berlin, Pusan, Cinéma du Réel, Visions du Réel, Rotterdam and at the Flaherty Seminar. They have also screened the world over on Discovery Channel. In Singapore, they have also received sold-out screenings, toured schools and was acquired by Singapore Airlines for their in-flight entertainment services. Her video installations have also been shown in the President’s Young Talent Show, Singapore Art Show and the Aedes Gallery in Berlin.
She has won or been nominated for more than 20 awards, most recently for "Invisible City". According to Twitchfilm’s Stefan, watching "Invisible City" “made you think, about existentialism, about memories, about immortality.” "Singapore GaGa", voted the Best Film in 2006 by The Straits Times, is described as “one of the best films about Singapore”. Moving House, Pin Pin’s thesis film for her Northwestern University MFA, won the Student Academy Award for Best Documentary.
Other awards include two Asian Television Awards, Cinéma du Réel's Prix de la SCAM and Taiwan International Documentary Festival's Asian Vision Award. Her films are distributed by Objectifs Films. She recently completed Yangtze Scribbler and thesaurus.
Film Community.
Tan Pin Pin is a founding member of "filmcommunitysg", a collective of independent filmmakers in Singapore. 
She was on the team in 2011 that lobbied the Singapore Film Commission to include documentaries and films with artistic and cultural merit in the New Talent Feature Grant Scheme. Tan was until recently on the Board of The Substation (2004-2011) where she worked with colleagues to search for its new Artistic Director. She was also on the Board of the National Archives of Singapore (2007-2009). 
Tan, with Yuni Hadi, co-founded the Fly by Night Video Challenge which has seen several hundred short films made in the seven years it was run. She has been on film juries of Cinemanila, Jiffest and DMZDocs amongst others.
Education.
Tan Pin Pin has an MFA from Northwestern University and an MA from Oxford University. She studied at Raffles Girls' Secondary School and Victoria Junior College. She was a Loke Cheng Kim Scholar.
Films.
Snow City (2011).
In 2011, Tan released "Snow City". Snow City had its international premiere at the Singapore Biennale and was invited to screen in competition at Cinéma du Réel.
The Impossibility of Knowing (2010).
The film also screened at Visions du Réel and the Oberhausen International Short Film Festival
Invisible City (2007).
The film enjoyed a five-week sold out run at The Arts House in Singapore and screened at Berlinale, Pusan. "Invisible City" also won the Prix de la Scam at Cinéma du Réel, and the Asian Vision Award, Merit Award, at the Taiwan International Documentary Festival.
Singapore GaGa (2005).
"Singapore GaGa", a survey of Singaporean life as expressed in sounds, is Tan’s best-known film yet. The film is Singapore’s first documentary to have a cinema release and it enjoyed a seven week sold out run at The Arts House. Apart from being acquired for screening on board Singapore Airlines, it has also played in film festivals around the world.
"Singapore GaGa" was voted Best Film in 2006 by The Straits Times.
Crossings: John Woo (2004).
In 2004, Tan released "Crossings: John Woo", a film showing the history and life of one of Hollywood’s most celebrated directors John Woo. The film showcased rarely seen clips from Woo’s earlier works. "Crossings: John Woo" premiered on Discovery.
80km/h (2003).
"80km/h" is a single continuous take of the 38-minute long drive across the island of Singapore on the Pan Island Expressway, and the view along the way.
Gravedigger's Luck (part of Afterlife Series) (2003).
Tan released "Gravedigger’s Luck", part of Discovery Network’s Afterlife series. It documents a man who tries multiple luck-enhancing methods to counter the curse of bad luck he believes he has because of his job as a grave exhumer. "Gravedigger’s Luck" was the runner up for Best Documentary at the Asian TV Awards, and the runner up for Best Infotainment Programme. She was the series consultant for the Afterlife series.
Building Dreams (2002).
The 8-part series on the history of Singapore architecture "Building Dreams" featured two episodes Tan directed – "Dawn of a New Era" and "Spaces of Memory". The pieces showed a rare look inside the dome of the Old Supreme Court Building, Singapore, as well as a house designed by renowned Singaporean architect Ho Kwong Yew. "Building Dreams" was produced for Arts Central by Xtreme Productions.
Moving House (2001).
"Moving House" gives an insight into what it is like for one of the 55,000 families in Singapore forced to relocate the remains of their relatives from a cemetery to a columbarium. The film was one of six documentary ideas commissioned by Discovery Networks Asia and is the first documentary it funded that was entirely conceptualized, initiated and directed by a Singaporean.
"Moving House" won the Student Academy Award for Best Documentary, Best Documentary at the USA-Asean Film Festival, an award for Discovery Channel’s Asia First Time Filmmaker Award, a Certificate of Merit at the Chicago International Film Festival, and the Documentary Prize at Nextframe.
Rogers Park (2001).
The 2001 short "Rogers Park" gives audiences a snapshot of the lives of three people – a man, a woman, and a boy. They live under one roof and yet in emotionally separate spaces in Chicago’s Rogers Park.
"Rogers Park" was a Student Academy Awards Regional Finalist, won the Golden Reel Award and the Chicago Filmmaker Award. It also screened at the Clermont Film Festival in France.
microwave (2000).
Tan’s "microwave" takes a humorous jab at the world’s obsession with everybody’s favorite plastic doll. The film was done in a single shot and has screened in multiple festivals around the world.
Moving House (1997).
"Moving House" (1997) was about the exhumation of Tan’s great-grandparents’ grave in 1995. The site was off Sixth Avenue in Singapore. This was the first of three documentaries about grave exhumations.

</doc>
<doc id="9872957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872957" title="Hero Group">
Hero Group

Hero Group is an international brand-focused consumer foods group. It was founded in 1886 in Lenzburg, Switzerland. Shortly after the turn of the century it started its international expansion with its first subsidiaries in Spain, the Netherlands and Italy.
Overview.
In 1995, Dr. Arend Oetker acquired a majority shareholding in Hero and re-positioned the Group to focus on branded business. Business segments that no longer fitted this brand strategy were divested. Business acquisitions strengthened its core infant nutrition and fruit categories. In parallel, the Group embarked on a major geographic expansion program.
Today, Hero is producing products in its core product categories of Infant Nutrition and Fruit. The Group’s operations are based predominantly in Europe, North America, Middle East/Africa and Turkey/Central Asia.
In 2009, the Group generated revenues of close to CHF 2 billion with over 4,000 employees in more than 30 countries. Since 2003, Hero has been in private ownership. Dr. Arend Oetker is the majority shareholder.

</doc>
<doc id="9872962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872962" title="James Scott (1671–1732)">
James Scott (1671–1732)

James Scott (1671 – October 1732) was a Scottish politician. He was a Burgh Commissioner for Montrose to the Parliament of Scotland prior to the Union, and one of Scotland's first representatives sent to the new Parliament of Great Britain.
Scott was elected to Parliament on 30 October 1710 in the 1710 general election for the constituency of Aberdeen Burghs. He stood down from Parliament the following year, causing a by-election on 8 February 1711. He died in 1732, aged 61.

</doc>
<doc id="9872963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872963" title="Natural Product Updates">
Natural Product Updates

Natural Product Updates (NPU) provides graphical abstracts of new developments in natural product chemistry, selected from dozens of key primary journals. Coverage includes:
Natural Product Updates is a fully searchable online, text and graphical database that is updated weekly with the latest developments in catalysis. It is also available as a monthly print bulletin.

</doc>
<doc id="9872969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872969" title="1989 in Pakistan">
1989 in Pakistan


</doc>
<doc id="9872985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872985" title="Stan's Cafe">
Stan's Cafe

Stan's Cafe is a theatre company based in Birmingham, United Kingdom, with a long track record in producing experimental theatre, installations and live art. Established in 1991, it has become "one of Britain’s major contemporary theatre exports" with an "international reputation" for devising and touring powerful and "unusual performances." It has been regarded by some critics as "one of the UK's most innovative and exciting theatre companies."
Venue and Theatre Production History.
Stan’s Cafe was founded by James Yarker and Graeme Rose in 1991 - both Theatre Studies graduates from Lancaster University. The company’s unusual name was derived from a real café just off Brick Lane in London. 
The partnership between Yarker and Rose was from the start supplemented by collaborations with associate artists from a variety of backgrounds. With productions of Memoirs of An Amnesiac and Canute The King - the latter premiered in Moseley Road Swimming Baths - Stan’s Cafe established itself as a company of exciting potential. Having rehearsed these early productions in borrowed spaces and a spare room in a rented house in the Balsall Heath district of Birmingham, the company started rehearsing and presenting work at mac (formerly Midlands Arts Centre) once it received its first significant public funding for Bingo In The House of Babel, inspired by theories of artificial intelligence and virtual reality. The company moved its office to the venue in 1997. mac also supported the company by commissioning three shows, namely Voodoo City, a show about urban magic and controlling one's own destiny; Dance Steps, an installation about a love story of two people who meet at mac; and Tuning Out With Radio Z, a three hour long improvised show performed in front of a live audience and webcast as a radio show with the audience invited to contribute ideas and text via SMS messages or an online bulletin board. These productions contributed to the company being described as "one of the [UK's] most tirelessly inventive theatre companies...breaking the mould of what theatre can and might be." 
In 1996, Stan's Cafe won a Barclays New Stages award for its two-woman production, Ocean of Storms, about notions of gravity and ohm. It was included on its tour dates in The Royal Court's studio space. 
In 1998, a funding crisis prompted by the controversial and highly minimalist production Simple Maths led to one of the company's most significant productions, It's Your Film. It could be seen by only one spectator at a time, who was installed in a photo booth, eye-level positioned facing the centre of the small screen. It was commissioned for The Bond, a small independent art gallery and whilst originally planned to be presented for one night only, it went on to become an extremely prolific show touring to 37 cities in 15 countries, including an international premiere at the Theatre Formen Festival in Hannover, Germany in June 2000. The success of It's Your Film led to the company developing a strand of paratheatrical works that will be discussed in the next section.
In 2000, Good and True, a comedy that "explores how questions produce more queries than answers", was commissioned by Birmingham City Council's Forward Festival. This production toured the United Kingdom and remained in the company's repertoire long enough to be shown at the Linbury Studio in the Royal Opera House in 2003.
In order to rehearse their ambitious 'rock musical' Lurid and Insane, inspired by an obituary for the Bokassa, the company moved out of mac into a factory unit on New Canal Street above a firm of die stampers. Before its demolition in 2006, this space hosted the devising of Be Proud of Me, a collaboration with photographer Ed Dimsdale built on the language of tourist phrase books - early versions of the company's training day, A City Adventure (which is discussed further in the Education section). Giving other companies access to their space as well as hosting parties and concerts by underground bands kindled the company's ambition to run its own venue. 
Between 2006 and 2009, the company operated from an office in The Big Peg in Birmingham's jewellery quarter. Whilst here the company devised and toured Home of the Wriggler, a piece inspired by the Longbridge Car Plant and its closure. Described as a "lo-fi sci-fi docu-drama", this piece was notable for its actors having to power the show's lights and sound through on-stage dynamos. 
In 2007, the company was commissioned by the Vienna Festival, Warwick Arts Centre, and The Fierce Festival to make a large scale sequel to their intimate production, It's Your Film. The Cleansing of Constance Brown uses a proscenium arch 2m wide to frame the end of a corridor 14m deep with seven doors on each side. This device frames the action powerfully and is inspired by work of Insomniac Theatre, for whom Stan's Cafe members, Amanda Hadingue and Craig Stephens had also worked. This production defied financial logic by touring extensively with a show with a cast of 7 and 2 tonnes of equipment whose audience, for reasons of sightlines, was limited to fifty per performance. It has since been seen in Bucharest, Toronto and Cologne, amongst other international destinations. 
In 2009, Stan's Cafe moved into a vacant portion of the A E Harris and Co. metal working factory which provided sufficient space to host rehearsals, storage and the company's office. The freedom of having their own venue allowed the company to work outside the normal restrictions associated with having to hire or be booked by established venues. This freedom was used to make The Just Price of Flowers almost spontaneously, written in a little over a week and rehearsed in a similar period. The show used a Brechtian approach to theatre, complete with narrator/singer and placards, to discuss the 1998 financial crisis through the phenomena of Tulipmania in The Netherlands in 2010. This low budget 'austerity production' was promoted almost entirely through social media and was initially presented for just three nights at the company's home venues using set and costumes recycled from The Cleansing of Constance Brown. Success of this initial run led to the production being re-staged, with a largely new cast, as a co-production with Birmingham Repertory Theatre.
Stan's Cafe's increasing tendency to make work over an extended period and to place pauses between premiere performances and touring can be seen in The Cardinals which was rehearsed in three blocks across 2010 and 2011 before its premiere at Domaine d'O in Montpellier, France, the venue that co-commissioned the project. A year would elapse before its second run at its other commissioning venue, Warwick Arts Centre. After a further week at The Drum in Plymouth, another year would elapse before the production was re-performed at The Roundhouse in London and Stan's Cafe's own venue in Birmingham in January and February 2013. The Cardinals' religious concerns led to a booking at the Christian Greenbelt Festival in 2012. The flat, almost childlike set of the cardinal's puppet theatre, is reminiscent of the company's very first production Perry Como's Christmas Cracker, in which two incompetent theatrical impresarios attempt to squeeze the Christian nativity story into a pantomime form.
In 2013, the company opened its first serious adaptation, an attempt to stage the vast 17th century book The Anatomy of Melancholy by Robert Burton.
Para-Theatrical Work.
The success of It's Your Film described by one critic as "the Godfather of one-on-one theatre" led Stan's Cafe to be invited to make a range of other para-theatrical projects.
In 2000, Birmingham City Council commissioned The Black Maze for its Revolution Festival on 2 and 3 January. This sensory art installation was originally constructed to be installed in galleries, but its popular successes led to its re-installation in the back of a 7.5 ton truck allowing it to visit street festivals across the UK and into Europe. It's an intimate theatre experience that's different for each participant, creating a one of a kind shared experience for those that enter in twos or threes. 
In 2002, Jubilee Arts commissioned Space Station for the Birmingham - Wolverhampton Metro, which saw three astronauts appear on new platform labelled Earth North Central attempting to catch a train to the planets, a feat made apparently possible through an alteration to the maps onboard all metro trains. To make the piece possible, negotiations with the Department of Transport were needed in order to install the platform and stop the train at an authorized point to allow the astronauts to board at the end of the day. Train conductors had to become semi-official gallery guides as passengers encountered the performance (and the others that were spread out along the metro line between West Bromwich and Wednesbury). 
In 2003, Radiator commissioned Broadway Hertz, a sound installation that, through placing microphones around the building allowed audience members to re-mix the building's sounds. 
Almost simultaneous with the opening of Broadway Hertz was the opening of Of All The People In All The World at Warwick Arts Centre. In 2002, the company received its first ever revenue funding from Arts Council England, freeing the company from the restriction of always agreeing projects and budgets for subsidy in advance. This freedom allowed the company to spend approximately £700 on a tonne of rice, enough for each person in the UK to be given a grain. The project's simple premise that "one grain = one person" allowed for human population statistics to be represented as carefully counted/weighed piles of rice sitting on labelled sheets of white paper. The ability of the show to directly and flexibly address human concerns in an engaging and emotionally powerful manner led to the show's rapid success. It remains in the company's repertoire regularly performing around the world, mostly in theatre festivals and in a range of scales from 1 tonne of rice up to vast versions of 104 and 112 tonnes representing the entire world's population at the time of performance. The 104 tonne version for Theatre De Welt, commissioned by Marie Zimmerman, is documented in a book with photographs by Ed Dimsdale and poetry by Alan Hay. It is perhaps the success of Of All the People in All the World that has turned Stan's Cafe into an international festival favourite.
The freedom of their own venue allowed Stan's Cafe to pursue apparently whimsical projects. In 2009, 24 Hour Scalextric saw audience and actors racing slot cars around a vast track for 24 hours to coincide with the Le Mans race of that year. The piece was transformed into art by two commentators giving a live webcast description of the entire reach. The company's policy of pressing interesting projects without a close scrutiny of long term viability was again vindicated as schools started to request their own miniature versions of the race in order to promote literacy and mathematics. Also spinning off from the race were the two commentator figures who were later commissioned by East Side Gallery, Fierce Festival and projects who variously requested the commentators webcast commentaries on a football match - whilst only being able to watch an audience watch a match on a big screen, view from a hotel window just overlooking Birmingham's busiest street of nightclubs, the Crab Fair in Egremont, including the World Gurning Championships in 2011.
In 2008, mac approached Stan's Cafe for a show to celebrate the arts centre's closure for redevelopment. The subsequent project, Dance Steps, inspired by teach yourself to dance floor mats gave audiences the opportunity to take roles in a mini drama by following vinyl foot, hand and 'object prints' spread around a venue. Between 2008 and 2012, The Steps Series has appeared in 18 venues being re-made for each new setting adapting its narrative according to the architecture and context of its setting.
Education Work.
Since its earliest days, Stan's Cafe has worked in education settings. The first of its large scale devised shows was When In The Future They Look Back At Us, a piece of visual theatre devised with students at the Emmbrook School in Reading.
For a while, the company mostly ran workshops to support its touring shows. Then it moved to making videos and stop frame animations, following a commission to make Head to Head with Foxhollies Special School. No Walls Just Doors, a piece of visual theatre with a soundtrack by Brian Duffy, was devised with Stage 2, mac's youth theatre. This piece was followed by an adaptation of Claire Dowie's monologue into a poly-vocal piece for thirteen performers. Theatre shows were also devised with undergraduates at Demontfort University (three), Warwick Arts Centre and Coventry University.
The initiation of Arts Council England's Creative Partnerships program led to an increase in the company's education work and its move away from performative traditions. 
In 2002, Stan's Cafe was tasked to develop a day-long experience that would explore the role of risk-taking in creative learning for teachers from the 26 schools working as part of this initiative. The company devised a Risk Day, where teachers working in pairs where given a series of choices that guided their navigation around and through Birmingham city centre, collecting observations and encounters, to an end point in Digbeth at the Chuck Works (Stan's Cafe base) and then the Custard Factory, where the Creative Partnerships is located.
In 2004, School Rulers with Castle Vale School created ten artworks in collaboration with students that addressed those student's concerns around school. The same year, Stan’s Café devised Plague Nation, a spin-off from Of All The People In All The World, initially with four schools in Birmingham, Bristol and Nottingham. In each case, a class of 30 or so school students from Year 9 (13–14 years old) collaborated with their teachers and performers from the company to create an installation out of 989 kg. of rice. This version of the project has been written about in a number of studies of Theatre-In-Education-Practice. In 2009, Space Steps saw The Steps Series transform Beaumpnt Leys School into a space ship. In 2011, Fruit and Veg Cities saw children from Forestdale Primary School create city scape diorama from fruits and exhibit them in the Birmingham's bullring markets.
Audio Work.
Stan's Café’s long term collaboration with musician and studio engineer, Jon Ward, led to the CD titled Pieces for the Radio Volume 1, tracks from which were played on BBC Radio 3's Late Junction as well as at The Big Chill Festival.
It was followed by Pieces for the Radio Volume 2: Comfort Hour. The CD was an hour long improvised piece recorded by the cast of Lurid and Insane and produced by Brian Duffy with text by James Yarker. Sections from this were also played on Late Junction.
So Bring Me Down, an audio adaptation of Ocean of Storms, was produced by artist/musician Jony Easterby and Brian Duffy. It was commissioned by Andrew Chetty for NOW98, Nottingham's annual performance festival for their radio station, NOWFM, and released on their CD. 
I See With My Eyes Closed was a collaboration with composer Michael Wolters commissioned by Birmingham Contemporary Music Group (BCMG) which makes the audience privy to the thoughts of two audience members at a classical music conference.
The company's second collaboration with Wolters resulted in The Voyage, a 12 long minute opera commissioned by PRS for Music for the Cultural Olympiad, staged at Stan's Cafe's venue. The show used a seating back on wheels to extend the stage from an intimate space to the start to a 30m long running track in the middle and back to the intimate space for the close. The piece was composed for ensemble of one singer, a double bass, and thirteen recorders - two of which play microtonally. This piece was recorded and broadcast by Radio 3 and later staged at the Hayward Gallery as part of the 20x12 Festival.
Miscellaneous Projects.
Stan's Cafe's independence and diversity of interests has allowed it to pursue a wide range of projects, some of which are not easy to classify. Some critics note that Stan's Cafe's projects exemplify "the subtle hybridity of recent British postmodern performance." Although the company sees itself as a theatre company and promote itself as such, it has used "interdisciplinary sources to produce performances." 
In 1999, the company undertook a pioneering project of re-staging The Carrier Frequency, Impact Theatre's highly regarded collaboration with novelist Russell Hoban, better known for his dystopian novels such as Ridley Walker, for Birmingham City Council's Towards the Millennium Festival. Using video documentation as the primary 'text', Graeme Miller remastered the original soundtrack he had recorded with Steve Shill, and Russell Hoban supplied his original texts. The re-staging ran for three nights at The Crescent Theatre in Birmingham and was the subject of a conference on 'Archeology, Repertory and Theatre Inheritance' and supplement in Live Art Magazine. This remembering was in part developed with the intervention of the academy.
In 2000, Stan's Cafe curated The Future Art Symposia for Birmingham City Council's Forward Festival. It was funded by the National Lottery via the Arts Council England, bringing together a range of artists, curators, and academics from a variety of backgrounds. This series of four symposia discussing the present and future of art themed around 'Art and The New'; 'Art and Society'; 'Art and Technology'; and 'Art and Time.' The speakers were Jonathan Watkins, Heather Maitland, John Wyver, Ansuman Biswas, James Yarker, Michael Van Graan, Claire Smith, Alun Mountford, Sadie Plant, Heidi Reitmaier, Ann Whitehurst, Brian Duffy, Mike Pearson, Christopher Egret, and Claire Russ. Transcripts of the presentations were later published in book form.
A City Adventure is a creative orienteering adventure commissioned by Creative Partnerships as a training course for teachers encouraging creative thinking and teaching for creativity. The adventure was successful enough to be repeated more than a dozen times and franchised to theatre companies, Desperate Men in Bristol and Third Angel in Sheffield.
Framed was commissioned for the 2002 Croydon International Film Festival. It combined public street performances making a video framed around the venue using members of the public as extras. The video was edited whist shooting was still underway by Joseph Potts in tandem with Giles Perrin creating a soundtrack. The completed film then formed the basis of a live performance which took the audience from watching a film, to watching real life synching with film and being ushered outside to watch the shooting of the film's final scene. Lighting designer and pyrotechnical Paul Arvidson mocked up a fire in the building.
In the winter of 2004, Stan's Cafe created Ho Ho Ho, an on-line guide to illuminate Christmas displays around Birmingham and the Black Country, in collaboration with The Public. Edited by novelist Catherine O'Flynn, this project included photographs of displays, interviews with their creators, reviews, editorial comment, suggested tours and safety advice.
Touring.
Touring has always been at the heart of Stan's Cafe's mission. During its early years, the company initially toured to arts centres across the UK. From 2000 onwards, international touring became increasingly key to the company's success. In more recent years, as opportunities to tour in the UK have drastically reduced, the company has looked to present shows for a week at a time in the studio spaces of larger theatres.
The Company.
From its inception, Stan's Cafe was a partnership open to outside collaborators. In 1995, Graeme Rose left to form The Resurrectionists with composer Richard Chew. In 1997, James Yarker was joined by part-time administrator, Paulette Terry Brien, who left to form The International 3 gallery in Manchester. Craig Stephens, who joined the company as an associate artist in 1997 to devise and perform in Simple Maths, went on to became a full-time employee of the company, devising and performing in all the company's shows as well as leading on numerous education projects. He is the company's Associate Director. Nick Sweeting, founder member of Improbable, joined as part-time advisory producer in 2003, while Charlotte Martin joined as General Manager in 2005. Graeme Rose returned to the company as a performer of It's Your Film in 1999 and performed in numerous productions thereafter as well working for a spell as part-time Education Officer for the company - job sharing with artist, Ana Rutter. Karen Stafford was taken on as Production Manager to cope with high demand for Of All The People In All The World. She left to take up a job as production manager at the Greenbelt Festival.
Stan's Cafe has a history of long term collaborators. Amanda Hadingue devised and performed with the company in most major productions between 1993 and 2010. Sarah Dawson devised and performed in most major productions between 1994 and 2000 before concentrating full-time working for her own company, Corali.
Heather Burton appeared in The Carrier Frequency revival. She also devised and performed in Lurid and Insane, Framed and Home of the Wriggler as well as touring with Be Proud of Me, It's Your Film and extensively with Of All The People In All The World. 
Bernadette Russell devised and performed in Framed, Home of the Wriggler and The Cleansing of Constance Brown as well as being recast into The Just Price of Flowers and guest starring in Tuning Out With Radio Z.
Playwright, novelist and founding member of Talking Birds Theatre Company Nick Walker devised and performed in Simple Maths and Good and True as well as touring with It's Your Film and making a special guest appearance in I See With My Eyes Closed.
Jake Oldershaw first worked with Stan's Cafe having successfully auditioned for Simple Maths, and subsequently appeared in The Carrier Frequency and The Cleansing of Constance Brown before touring extensively with It's Your Film, The Black Maze and The Cleansing of Constance Brown.
Andy Watson, who had previously performed in Large Scale International under the name Andy Walker, was persuaded out of retirement to take the lead in Lurid and Insane. He subsequently performed in It's Your Film on tour and both drove and invigilated The Black Maze on tour. He devised The Cleansing of Constance Brown but was taken ill shortly before the premiere performance. His role in this show has subsequently been taken by Gareth Brierly (of The People Show and White Rabbit), Ray Newe (who had previously devised Bingo in the House of Babel and Voodoo City with the company) and Nick Tigg (of SlotMachine). Most recently, this role has been taken by Jake Oldershaw whose original role has in turn been taken by Jack Trow. 
Gerard Bell first appeared for the company devising The Cleansing of Constance Brown. He picked up the role of Van Driver in the recasting of The Just Price of Flowers, appeared in The Voyage, and devised and performed in The Cardinals and The Anatomy of Melancholy.
Chris Dugrenier, Charlotte Gregory, Kerrie Reading and Lucy Nicholls have all performed Of All The People In All The World on numerous occasions, undertaken education work with the company, and appeared in the original production of The Just Price Of Flowers. Gregory was retained for subsequent production of this show and appeared as a replacement performer in The Cleansing of Constance Brown.
Jack Trow first collaborated with Stan's Cafe whilst still at school in Adult Child / Dead Child, as a member of Stage 2. In 2008, he started touring with Of All The People In All The World and went on to pick up roles in The Cleansing of Constance Brown and Just Price of Flowers. He has performed in It's Your Film and regularly conducts education work for the company.
Rochi Rampal also collaborated with Stan's Cafe whilst still at school in No Wall, Just Doors. She devised and performed in The Cardinals, The Voyage and The Anatomy of Melancholy.
Simon Ford has collaborated with the company as graphic designer since 1993. With his company F22 Design, he has also taken on the design of the company's website and CD-ROMs. His most active collaboration with the company has come with The Steps Series where his graphic design is integral to the piece and he collaborates on devising the story alongside Stephens and Yarker. A further key member of the Steps Series team is the visual artist Denise Stanton.
Paul Arvidson was the company's long term lighting designer working on almost every major project requiring lighting between 1994 and 2010. For Tuning Out With Radio Z, he improvised the lighting plot alongside the improvised action.
Richard Chew composed and recorded music for all Stan's Cafe's productions between 1991 and 1995 as well as Still, a side-project with James Yarker commissioned by English National Opera's Baylis program New Visions/New Voices. Still was a 20 minute opera about John Franklin's attempts to discover the North West Passage. Richard’s most involved collaboration with the company came when he devised and performed in Memoirs of an Amnesiac, a piece about the life of an Eric Satie obsessive. Rick also sang live in the swimming pool version of Canute the King. More recently he contributed a short element for The Cardinals that the actors sing live on stage.
Besides working on Pieces for the Radio Volume 1, Jon Ward worked with Richard Chew on the soundtrack for Voodoo City. He composed the soundtrack for Simple Maths and various versions of a self-evolving soundtrack for Of All The People In All The World. He also recorded indents and programmed the message board software for Tuning Out With Radio Z.
Nina West started composing for Stan's Cafe when a track of hers was heard at a party by James Yarker. She was tracked down and, together with Rebecca Jane Webster, recorded the soundtrack for Ocean of Storms. She devised and performed in Lurid and Insane, performed on Comfort Hour, and created the soundtrack for Be Proud of Me and The Cleansing of Constance Brown for which she toured as the only ever-present member of the performing or technical crew, mixing the soundtrack live for every performance. She has provided soundscapes for Spy Steps, Giant Steps, Apollo Steps, Final Steps and Market Steps. Most recently, she has provided the soundtrack for The Anatomy of Melancholy.
Long-time collaborator Ed Dimsdale photographs for every project between 1998 and 2008. He was most closely involved with Be Proud of Me, in which the company formed an integral part of the devising time providing more than a hundred images that help drive the narrative forward when projected behind the action as part of both scenery and the main character's perspective and psychological point of view.
Since 2009, the company's production photographs have all been taken by specialist theatre photographer, Graeme Braidwood.
@ A. E. Harris.
In September 2008, Stan's Cafe hired 13,000 square feet of factory space from A E Harris and Co. (Birmingham) Ltd. on Northwood Street in Birmingham's Jewellery Quarter in order to stage Of All The People In All The World. The arrangement worked so well that the two parties came to a long term agreement. From January 2009, Stan's Cafe started using the venue, named @ A. E. Harris as its rehearsal space, performance venue, and office. 
Through hosting performances and rehearsals from many local companies as well as the inaugural BE Festival (Birmingham European), the venue came to gain an international reputation as an artist run space.
Mixtures of paid and bartered arrangements with British Dance Edition, Birmingham Opera and the Birmingham Repertory Theatre alongside sponsorship support in kind from A E Harris and Co. led to the building's progressive upgrading. The innovate collaboration of Stan’s Café with A E Harris and Co. won an Arts and Business Award in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9872987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9872987" title="Aphnaeus schistacea">
Aphnaeus schistacea

The Plumbeous Silverline, "Aphnaeus schistacea" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9873017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873017" title="1995–96 French Division 1">
1995–96 French Division 1

AJ Auxerre won Division 1 season 1995/1996 of the French Association Football League with 72 points.
Final table.
Promoted from Ligue 2, who will play in Division 1 season 1996/1997

</doc>
<doc id="9873026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873026" title="Michal Václavík">
Michal Václavík

Michal Václavík (born 3 April 1976 in Karviná) is a Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for FC Hlučín. He played over 100 matches in the Gambrinus Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="9873031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873031" title="John Flesher">
John Flesher

John Flesher (June 8, 1833 – ? ) was an Ontario merchant and political figure.
Early life.
Flesher was born in Duffield, Derbyshire, England in 1833, the son of Rev. John Flesher, a Methodist preacher and Jane (née Cawood) Flesher. He was educated in a collegiate institute at Ramsgate.
Settler and businessman.
Flesher emigrated to Canada West in 1847 at the age of 14 with his older brother William, who was to become an MP and a prominent figure in the settlement of Grey County. John first settled in Flesherton, the village that his brother had founded, where he helped his brother operate a grist mill and saw mill. In 1855, he married Mary Ann Fowler, the only daughter of Rev. William Fowler of New York City; together they would raise twelve children, nine of whom survived infancy.
In 1857, he became the Flesherton post master, a position his brother had also held, but after six months, he resigned and moved his family to Albion, Ontario to open a store. He returned almost immediately to Grey County, then the following year, he purchased a mill property owned by his brother in Adjala Township, where for the next ten years he manufactured flour and lumber. He also started his political career, serving as a school trustee.
In 1868, he moved to the village of Orangeville, Ontario, where he operated a store for a few years before switching to brokerage and conveyancing. He also became a Master Mason.
Politician.
When Orangeville was incorporated as a town in 1874, he was elected to the first town council, and served as councillor for several terms.
Flesher was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario, representing the Cardwell district as a Conservative from 1875 to 1879, and was lauded as "a conscientous and earnest advocate of the principles of that party..."

</doc>
<doc id="9873039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873039" title="James Marshall Ferris">
James Marshall Ferris

James Marshall Ferris (1828 – March 2, 1893) was an Ontario political figure. He represented Northumberland East in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1875 to 1886.
He was born in County Fermanagh, Ireland in 1828 and came to Canada West in 1850. In 1857, he married Catherine Fralick. Ferris served as postmaster of Campbellford, Ontario, reeve of Seymour Township and warden of the United Counties of Northumberland and Durham.
Ferris acquired large amounts of property in the Campbellford area and his descendants donated the land which later became Ferris Provincial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9873042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873042" title="Cigaritis abnormis">
Cigaritis abnormis

The Abnormal Silverline, Cigaritis abnormis is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in India and Pakistan.
References.
[http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Silverline_Abnormal_Cigaritis_abnormis_Moore,_1884_at_Yeoor_DSCF1282_%289%29.JPG]
[http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Silverline_Abnormal_Cigaritis_abnormis_Moore,_1884_at_Yeoor_DSCF1282_DSCF1290_%284%29.JPG]

</doc>
<doc id="9873048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873048" title="Barry Cable">
Barry Cable

Barry Thomas Cable MBE (born 22 September 1943) is a former Australian rules footballer and coach. Considered one of the greatest rovers in the sport's history, he played over 400 games at senior level in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL) and the Victorian Football League (VFL), and later coached in both competitions.
Born in Narrogin, Western Australia, Cable made his debut with the Perth Football Club in the WANFL in 1962, and won the Sandover Medal as the fairest and best player in the competition in 1964. Cable was awarded the Tassie Medal as the best player at the 1966 Australian National Football Carnival, as well as selection in the All-Australian team. The same year, he played in the first of three consecutive premierships with Perth, winning the Simpson Medal as the best player in the grand final in each year, as well as a further Sandover Medal in 1968. Cable left Perth at the end of the 1969 season to play for the North Melbourne Football Club in the VFL, and won the club's best and fairest award, the Syd Barker Medal, before returning to Western Australia at the end of the season. Following another three years at Perth, in which he captain-coached the club in 1972 and 1973 and won his third Sandover Medal in the latter year, Cable returned to North Melbourne for the 1974 season. In another four years at the club, he played in two premiership sides, in 1975 and 1977, before again returning to Perth after accepting an offer to captain-coach . Cable retired from playing at the end of the 1979 season, having injured himself in a farming accident.
Cable returned to Victoria in 1981 to coach North Melbourne, a role which he held until 1984. He later worked as an assistant at the West Coast Eagles during their first years in the VFL. Having represented Western Australia in a total of 25 matches during his playing career, Cable also coached the team at the 1979 State of Origin Carnival, later being named coach of the All-Australian team. Cable holds "Legend" status in both the Australian Football Hall of Fame and the West Australian Football Hall of Fame, as well as membership in the Sport Australia Hall of Fame. His tally of seven best and fairest awards at Perth is a club record, and his career total of 405 senior-level games is the most of any player born in Western Australia.
Early life.
The youngest of eleven children, Cable was born in Narrogin, a country town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. His father, Edward, died when he was six, and he was raised by his Aboriginal mother, Dorothy, from whom he got his blonde hair. Cable spent much of his childhood playing football – aged eleven, he was reprimanded by his school headmaster for devoting too much time to playing. Cable debuted for the senior side of his local club, the Narrogin Imperials in the Upper Great Southern Football League (UGSFL), at the age of fifteen. After spending two years as a butcher’s apprentice, Cable moved to Perth, the capital of Western Australia, to attempt to play in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL).
Playing career.
After being rejected by Western Australian football powerhouse for being "too small" - his playing height was listed as 168 cm, or five-and-a-half feet - Cable signed with in 1962. He began his career as a wingman, but late in 1963 was moved to his familiar position of rover. In his first full season there, 1964, Cable would win the first of three Sandover Medals, the highest individual honour in the WAFL. Cable was awarded the Tassie Medal as the best player at the 1966 Australian National Football Carnival, as well as selection in the All-Australian team. The same year, he played in the first of three consecutive premierships with Perth, winning the Simpson Medal as the best player in the grand final in each year, as well as a further Sandover Medal in 1968.
Cable's first coach at Perth was former premiership captain Ern Henfry, who alerted the Blues about the talented young rover. So in 1964, Carlton invited Cable to Melbourne and signed him on a "Form Four", which meant that for the next two seasons he was tied to Carlton if he were to play in Victoria. But Cable had no desire to move interstate, despite the repeated urging from Carlton. It was not until secretary Ron Joseph flew over to Perth and met with Cable personally in 1969 that Cable decided to play in Victoria. In August of that year, Cable signed a form four with the North Melbourne Football Club, enabling him to transfer to the Victorian Football League (VFL). The secretary of North Melbourne, Ron Joseph, said Cable was "genuinely interested in playing League football", and wanted to "prove himself in Victorian football". At the time Cable made his initial move to Victoria, were a struggling team, still a few years away from becoming one of the powerhouses of the decade. 1970 was a miserable year for the Kangaroos as they finished last on the ladder, but Cable justified the hype over his reputation by winning the Syd Barker Medal and finishing fourth in the Brownlow Medal vote count. However, North Melbourne were unable to meet a clause in his contract, which required them to pay Perth $71,000 to retain Cable's services. This was a large sum, especially in the days when being an AFL footballer was not a full-time profession as it would become in later decades. As a result, Cable returned to Western Australia.
Back at Perth, Cable captain-coached the club in 1972 and 1973 and won his third Sandover Medal in the latter year. During his absence, North Melbourne had managed to sign former Carlton premiership coach Ron Barassi and took advantage of the short-lived Ten-Year Rule to land the signatures of VFL stars Doug Wade, John Rantall and Barry Davis. With Keith Greig and David Dench starting to emerge as champions, Cable decided to return to North Melbourne for the 1974 VFL season. North Melbourne made it to their Grand Final since 1950, but lost to . Finally, in 1975, the Kangaroos broke through by defeating to claim their first VFL premiership. At the conclusion of the 1975 season, Cable considered returning to Perth to play, after the death of his father-in-law. North Melbourne had agreed to release him from his contract, but he decided to remain with the club for at least one more season. He again returned to Perth after accepting an offer to captain-coach . He would return to Perth after 1977. 
In the 1978 WAFL grand final, East Perth defeated Cable's old club, Perth, by two points, winning their first premiership since 1972. Cable, who was “at his best in the heavy conditions”, was playing in his sixth consecutive grand final, having played in five at North Melbourne.
In October 1979, Cable was involved in an accident on his property in Orange Grove, in which his right leg was crushed under a tractor, stripping one side of his leg to the bone. Cable went under operation within the first days after the injury to remove foreign material, including petrol, from the wound. Later, secondary infections set in, necessitating the use of heavy painkillers, with Cable said to be “hovering between life and death”, and spending his time in a “twilight world of delirium, drugged sleep and excruciating pain”. A series of operations was conducted at Royal Perth Hospital in which muscle from his right hip was grafted to replace his right calf muscle, with a vein from his lower left leg being made into an artery for his right leg. At one stage, Cable was given the possibility of never walking freely again.
Having represented Western Australia in a total of 25 matches during his playing career, Cable also coached the team at the 1979 State of Origin Carnival, later being named coach of the All-Australian team.
Coaching career.
Cable had significantly less success in the VFL as a non-playing coach than as a player, although he did get North Melbourne into the finals in two of his three full seasons in charge during the early 1980s. In 1983 he coached the team to be minor premiers, but North Melbourne lost both final matches to an early exit. From 1987 to 1989 Cable served as assistant coach with AFL club West Coast Eagles.
Post-football career and honours.
Cable had two sons with his wife, Helen: Barry Jr and Shane Cable, both of whom played in the WAFL for and . Shane also played a single game for the West Coast Eagles in 1989. 
Cable was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire in December 1978 for "services to Australian rules football", He was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in December 1986. In 1996, he was an inaugural inductee into the Australian Football Hall of Fame, and, in June 2012, was upgraded to "Legend" status. Cable was similarly included as a "Legend" in the West Australian Football Hall of Fame's inaugural induction in 2004. Cable established a non-profit organisation, the Community Development Foundation, in 1999, aimed at assisting schoolchildren from lower socio-economic areas. Cable established a non-profit organisation, the Community Development Foundation, in 1999, aimed at assisting schoolchildren from lower socio-economic areas. A function room at Subiaco Oval, the Barry Cable Room, is named in Cable's honour.
In 1997, Hendy Cowan, the Western Australian Minister for Commerce at the time, appointed Cable to the position of the newly formed Aboriginal Economic Development Council, designed to facilitate the "development of Government policy and programs to expand economic opportunities for Aboriginal people". Cable has also been involved in a number of charity efforts involving cycling. Cable has also been involved in a number of charitable endeavours involving long-distance cycling. In 1993, he rode a bicycle across the Nullarbor Plain to toss the coin at the 1993 AFL Grand Final, and in April 1997, he led a ride from Mandurah to Bunbury to promote a road safety campaign.
In July 2007, Cable was retrospectively awarded a Simpson Medal for his efforts in the inaugural State of Origin match in 1977, bringing his total number of Simpson Medals to a record five.

</doc>
<doc id="9873065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873065" title="Lucho Bermúdez">
Lucho Bermúdez

Luis Eduardo Bermúdez better known as Lucho Bermúdez (January 25, 1912 in El Carmen de Bolívar – April 23, 1994 in Bogotá), was a Colombian musician, composer, arranger, musical director and performer of Colombian folkloric rhythms: Boleros, Cumbias, Porros and Merecumbes. His work brought a big-band jazz sound to these traditional Colombian genres.
Early years.
Bermúdez studied in the city of Santa Marta where he also became a member of the military marching band in 1920. He learned to play the flute, the trombone, the piccolo, the Tuba, the trumpet, the Saxophone and the clarinet. He became musical director for the "A Numero uno de Cartagena" orchestra, and later on the "Orquesta del Caribe", in which he played many of his compositions and completed his first recording, including the songs "Marbella", "Cartagenerita", "Joselito Carnaval" and "Borrachera".
Orchestra career.
Bermúdez and his orchestra traveled to Argentina to record an album under the RCA Victor label. It was the first time he had ever left the country. The album contained the songs "Danza Negra", "Caprichito", "Cuca", "Cumbia Colombiana", "El Porro Buenos Aires", among others. The following year Bermúdez organized an orchestra with his name and moved to Medellín where he established his home. 
Between 1952 and 1954 Bermúdez lived in Cuba and Mexico with his orchestra, mainly to promote the Colombian music overseas. During his time abroad he produced dozens of recordings. Upon his return to Colombia, he was invited by the first Colombian Television to perform in their first broadcast on June 13, 1954. 
Awards.
Caracol Radio awarded him the "Caracol de Oro" award. 

</doc>
<doc id="9873071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873071" title="Aphnaeus ictis">
Aphnaeus ictis

The Common Shot Silverline, "Aphnaeus ictis" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9873073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873073" title="PowaKaddy">
PowaKaddy

PowaKaddy or PowaKaddy International Limited is a golf equipment manufacturing company based in Sittingbourne, Kent, Great Britain that specialises in electric golf trolleys.
PowaKaddy's main business is electric golf trolleys but it also produces a range of manual push or pull trolleys, golf bags and other accessories. The original PowaKaddy Classic, as it was called, was invented in 1983 by Joe Catford, who along with John Martin launched the product from a small factory in Sittingbourne. 
History.
In 1983, Joe Catford, along with John Martin launched the PowaKaddy Classic from a small factory in Sittingbourne. The company has changed hands several times in its history. Catford sold the company to the now dissolved company, Sunleigh plc in 1989. Around ten years later, PowaKaddy changed hands following a management buyout by John DeGraft-Johnson, David Wells and Mike Snapes along with Close Brothers Private Equity. In 2004, Fergus O'Rafferty and Rossa McDermot, backed by Graphite Capital, bought PowaKaddy. After a difficult two and a half years caused by the failing P5 product, Powakaddy went into administration in November 2006, since when it has been run by Barclays Ventures after which, most sourcing was made from the Far East. Following the problems with P5 the group launched the Freeway II was launched. This new and innovative product had push button controls but was dogged with quality issues and was discontinued at the end of 2010 and replaced with the Freeway Sport. 
In August 2012 former owner John DeGraft-Johnson and the son of the inventor Joe Catford, David Catford, bought PowaKaddy out of administration. 
Despite the issues in the field PowaKaddy still enjoys the number one brand leading position.

</doc>
<doc id="9873075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873075" title="Tailevu/Naitasiri F.C.">
Tailevu/Naitasiri F.C.

Tailevu/Naitasiri F.C. is a Fijian football team playing in the second division of the Fiji Football Association competitions. It is based in Nausori, which is a town on the island of Viti Levu, and about 20 kilometers north of the capital, Suva. Their home stadium is Ratu Cakobau Park. Their uniform includes sky blue shirt, white shorts and blue socks.
History.
The Tailevu/Naitasiri Football Association was formed in 1943, under the presidency of G.S. Deo, when some local clubs split from Rewa to form their own association. Tailevu/Naitasiri F.C. performed well in the 1945 IDC, when it was only narrowly drefeated by Suva by 3 goals to 2.
In 1974, Tailevu/Naitasiri F.C., was promoted to the first division and showed that it is deserved its position in the first division by reaching the final of the IDC.
t/naitasiri is the current defending champions of the premier division and started there title campaign with a win over levuka at Buckhurst Park

</doc>
<doc id="9873077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873077" title="Peter Hill (pianist)">
Peter Hill (pianist)

Peter Hill (born 1948) is a British pianist and musicologist. He was acquainted with French composer Olivier Messiaen, and has written a book about him. As well as playing the complete works of Messiaen, he is also known for his performances of other 20th-century piano repertoire.
Having read music at Oxford then continued his studies at the Royal College of Music, both with Cyril Smith, he is now an Emeritus Professor of Music at the University of Sheffield. He is a Fellow of the Royal Northern College of Music.
In November 2013 he gave the world premiere of Messiaen's piano piece "La Fauvette Passerinette", which he discovered and edited for performance.

</doc>
<doc id="9873101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873101" title="Arthur Thrall">
Arthur Thrall

Arthur Thrall (born 1926 Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American painter and printmaker. His works have been shown in more than 500 exhibits in the USA and abroad including England, Finland, Germany, and numerous US embassies. His work is in collections of the Tate Gallery, the British Museum, the Victoria and Albert Museum, and the Strang Print Room of the University College London, the Pori Library (Finland), Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Library of Congress, National Collection of Fine Arts, Brooklyn Museum, Chicago Art Institute, IBM, Hilton Hotels, New York Times Company, Wilson Library (New York), Philadelphia Museum of Art, Silvermine Guild Arts Center (New Canaan), DeCordova and Dana Museum, Lessing Rosenwald and Milwaukee Art Museum, as well as numerous corporate and private collections. 
Winner of many awards, Thrall also held the Louis Comfort Tiffany Fellowship in Graphics. He has been a member of The Boston Printmakers and the Society of American Graphic Artists (SAGA), New York for more than 40 years, being represented in their annual shows.
In 2011, Thrall received a Wisconsin Visual Art Lifetime Achievement Award at the Museum of Wisconsin Art (MWA) in West Bend. The MWA, the Wisconsin Visual Artists, and the Wisconsin Academy of Science, Art and Letters collaborate to make these annual awards. Also his print was included in the Society of Graphic Artists (SAGA) 78th Member Exhibition at the Prince Street Gallery in New York City. He has been exhibiting with them since 1951. Over the years their membership has included most of America's foremost printmakers including Mary Cassatt, Joseph Pennell, John Marin, Lee Chesney, Alfred Sessler, June Wayne and Childe Hassam.
Also, he was also included in Boston Printmakers 2010 thINK Show, a traveling exhibition, and in 2010–2011 he was in the Ronald L. Ruble Collection - "The Printmaking Revolution in America and the Wisconsin Presence" at the Kenosha (WI) Public Museum.
Milwaukee Journal art critic James Auer called him one of Wisconsin's artists who "defy the dictates of fashion" and "whose high-styled uses of calligraphy rival those of the great age of the Ottomans".
Thrall held the Ferrar-Marrs Chair in Fine Arts at Lawrence University in Appleton, Wisconsin until his retirement in 1990. He has been a visiting artist-teacher at the Artist's Union in Helsinki, Slade School of Art at University College and Morley College both in London, and at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Over the years, Thrall has continued to have an active exhibition schedule with solo and group shows at a variety of galleries in New York, the National Printmakers Show in Hilo Hawaii, Chicago, and more recently in Rockport, Massachusetts, in Door County, Wisconsin, New Visions Gallery at the Marshfield Clinic and the Appleton Art Center's exhibition entitled "Symphony : Art and Music". Special exhibitions have been "150 Years of Wisconsin Printmaking" at the University of Wisconsin at the Chason Art Museum, "The Art in Music" exhibition at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, and other college and university galleries throughout Wisconsin. He was commissioned to produce an edition of prints for the Wisconsin Governor's Award for the Arts.
Books that include Thrall and his work are "A Century of American Printmaking 1880–1980" by James Watrous (1984), "American Prints and Printmakers" by Una Johnson (1980), "The Art of Written Forms" by Donald Anderson (1969), "The Wisconsin Story" by Russell Austin (1964), and "Who's Who in America in Art" and "Who's Who in America" (continuing years). 
In November 1990, Thrall returned to his native Milwaukee where he has a studio in Riverwest.
Artist's statement.
For many years music has been an inspiration for my paintings and prints. It is one of many graphic sources that have fascinated me, such as manuscripts, calligraphy, diagrams, graffiti, maps, scientific and technical charts. I freely interpret them for their gestural and textural effects rather than their literal meanings. My ideas emerge as impressionistic motifs and arrangements that echo their essence. With the musical themes, I consider them visual music or a kind of choreography. (directly from Arthur Thrall, September 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="9873106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873106" title="Aphnaeus elima">
Aphnaeus elima

The Scarce Shot Silverline, "Aphnaeus elima" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9873110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873110" title="Sahtu Dene Council">
Sahtu Dene Council

The Sahtu Tribal Council was a council that represented the Sahtu people of the Northwest Territories, Canada. The council signed a comprehensive land claim agreement in 1993 with the [of Canada,] the Sahtu Dene and Metis Comprehensive Land Claim Agreement, for the seven Dene and Metis communities in the Sahtu Region. It is the first such agreement to include three Metis members (Tulita, Fort Good Hope and Norman Wells)in the Northwest Territories. The Sahtu Secretariat Incorporated and various designated organizations implement the agreement and pursue ongoing negotiations. The Sahtu Dene Council represents the four Indian Band councils.

</doc>
<doc id="9873117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873117" title="GenoMik">
GenoMik

GenoMik - genome research on microorganisms is a program for the study of the genome of selected microorganisms. It is funded by the German Federal Ministry for Education and Research ("Bundesministerium für Bildung und Forschung" BMBF) and was set up in 2001. Its first funding phase ran until 2004 and the second phase until 2006.
Aims.
The aim of the project is to promote genome research of micro-organisms and to support and coordinate the efforts of experts in this research field.
It is based on three sub-programs:
All competence networks are joint projects of industrial and academic research groups, led by university institutions.
Follow-up.
The follow-up program GenoMik-Plus started in summer 2006 with a renewed three-year funding phase in order to conduct further analysis of the genome sequences analysed in GenoMik. For this again three networks are being funded:
In addition to these three networks funded by the BMBF, there is additional support for setting up a IT platform for microbiological genome research, which will be accessible to all participants.
The three modules of the platform are registered in Bielefeld, Göttingen and Greifswald and offer technical support for genome sequencing (Göttingen), bioinformatics (Bielefeld) and proteome research (Greifswald).

</doc>
<doc id="9873122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873122" title="Ashok Nagar (Delhi)">
Ashok Nagar (Delhi)

Ashok Nagar (Hindi: अशोक नगर, Punjabi: ਅਸ਼ੋਕ ਨਗਰ, Urdu: اشوک نگر) is a neighborhood in the city of Delhi. It constitutes a part of the Tilak Nagar assembly constituency as well as the West Delhi parliamentary constituency. The area was known as Tihar 2 before being renamed as such. It is an authorized neighborhood today and the government of Delhi plays a role in its development.
History and Demographics.
Ashok Nagar is a refugee colony, comprising migrant populations from Bahawalpur, West Punjab, Sindh and Northwest Frontier Province. However, people from the Indian states of Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, West Bengal and Punjab, among others, also reside in this area.
Sub-colonies.
The township is divided into four parts, namely Main Blocks, the MCD Colony, Double Stories and Uggarsen Market Area. The colony was separated in a well planned manner into seventy blocks, each with sixteen houses surrounded by a lane on all four sides. As the 71st block lay across Jail Road, it was renamed Prem Nagar. This area also has five public gardens viz. Ajanta Park, Ashok Nagar Park, More wala park, 41 block Park and Tikona Park. The neighborhood lies adjacent to two larger parks; Jheelwala Park And Dhan Pathwar to the south, and the Tagore Park to the northeast. Jheelwala Park is famous for the boat rides run by the DDA.
Metro connectivity.
Ashok Nagar is in proximity to two stations of the Delhi Metro: Tilak Nagar Metro station and the misnamed Subhash Nagar Metro station, which is situated in Ashok Nagar near Meenakshi Garden and East Tilak Nagar.
Schools.
This neighborhood has several schools, some of which are listed as follows:
Landmarks, Roads and Places of Worship.
Jail Road runs through the area and leads to Tihar Jail and the Tilak Nagar Metro station to the west. The Tilak Nagar Police Station and Subhash Nagar Metro station are both located to the north of Ashok Nagar, Hari Nagar to its south, and Subhash Nagar and Rajouri Garden to its east.
The main attractions of this colony are the multiple shrines, temples and Gurudwaras. It is home to people of various faiths and cultures who co-exist harmoniously. The places of worship in the neighborhood are listed below:
Mukund Lal Katyal Marg, Vedik Marg (Tihar Road), Tota Ram Ahuja Marg, Jail Road and Najafgarh Road are the main roads in the area.
Malls.
The Pacific Mall near the Subhash Nagar Metro station was inaugurated recently. Ajanta Mall & Multiplexes is under construction on the site of the famous old Ajanta Movie Theater, situated in Ajay Enclave Extension.
Residents' Welfare Association.
The Central Government Employees Residents' Welfare Association, Ashok Nagar (Member, Bhagaridari movement, Govt. of Delhi since its inception) is a recognized and registered body responsible for the welfare of the people and the development of the area. 
Also, for the welfare of the residents residing in block 63-70, Ashok Nagar, Bahawalpur Resident's Welfare Association has been formed which is a recognized and registered body having its affiliation with the Bhagidari Cell of Chief Minister's Office. 

</doc>
<doc id="9873123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873123" title="William Livingston (British politician)">
William Livingston (British politician)

William Livingston (c.1650 – after 1713) was a British politician. 
He was elected to Parliament as Member of Parliament (MP) for Aberdeen Burghs in a by-election on 8 February 1711. He remained the constituency's MP until the 1713 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="9873128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873128" title="Aphnaeus lilacinus">
Aphnaeus lilacinus

The Lilac Silverline, "Aphnaeus lilacinus" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9873149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873149" title="Zesius chrysomallus">
Zesius chrysomallus

The Redspot ("Zesius chrysomallus") is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 
The host plants of the larvae include "Terminalia catappa" and "Smilax zeylanica".

</doc>
<doc id="9873156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873156" title="Hole of Horcum">
Hole of Horcum

The Hole of Horcum is a section of the valley of the Levisham Beck, upstream of Levisham and Lockton, in the Tabular Hills of the North York Moors National Park in northern England. The hollow is 400 ft deep and stretches 3/4 of a mile across. A "Devil's Punchbowl" type feature, local legend has it that the amphitheatre was formed when Wade the Giant scooped up a handful of earth to throw at his wife during an argument. 
The Hole was actually created by a process called spring-sapping, where water welling up from the hillside gradually undermined the slopes above, eating the rocks away grain by grain. Over thousands of years, a once narrow valley widened and deepened into an enormous cauldron – and the process still continues today.
The location earned 11th place on the list for Rude Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="9873160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873160" title="China Council for the Promotion of International Trade">
China Council for the Promotion of International Trade

The China Council for the Promotion of International Trade (CCPIT ) is a trade body of the Chinese government founded in 1952. It also goes by the name of the China Chamber of International Commerce (CCOIC 中国国际商会).
The CCPIT promotes China's international economic and commercial interests. This is accomplished by developing business cooperation and exchanges with foreign countries. The CCPIT produces economic data, creates diplomatic ties and is also active with trade arbitration issues.
Structure.
Chairman of CCPIT: Jiang Zengwei
Vice Chairmen: Zhang Wei, Yu Ping, Wang Jinzhen
Secretary General: Xu Hubin
Deputy Secretary General: Chen Zhengrong
Departments of CCPIT Headquarters:
General Office
Sub-Council and Membership Affairs Department
International Relations Department
Exhibition Department (Exhibition Administration Office)
Economic Information Department
Personnel Department (Foreign Affairs Office)
Financial Affairs Department
Communist Party Committee
Office for Retired Personnel
Subsidiaries:
Asset Management Centre
Service Center
Media and Press Centre
Legal Affairs Department
Secretariat to China International Economic & Trade Arbitration Commission
Patent and Trademark Law Office
Major Affiliates:
China International Economic & Trade Arbitration Commission
China Maritime Arbitration Commission
China Maritime Law Association
China Academy of Arbitration Law
Conciliation Centre
Secretariat to ICC China
Secretariat, LES China (Licensing Executives Society China)
Secretariat of the Chinese National Group of AIPPI (the International Association for the Protection of Intellectual Property)
Mission.
"The CCPIT's mission, is to provide a professional and social environment for business people who wish to be introduced to, and become a part of, the Sino-international business and culture community.
By providing relevant business networking opportunities and encouraging dialogue between members, we seek to create a community of peers where actively participating individuals - enabled by the CCPIT - are inspired and supported by the larger community."
Services.
The Chamber’s services have three main functions: 
Overseas Offices.
CCPIT has 16 Commercial Promotion offices outside China, in different Western, Arabic and Latin American countries. The latest office was established in Costa Rica, Central America in 2008.
CCPIT/CCOIC Representative Office in Canada
Established in 1989, CCPIT and CCOIC Representative Office in Canada is to promote trade, investment, economic and technological cooperation between China and Canada, and to enhance mutual understanding and friendship between Chinese and Canadian people particularly from the economic and trade circles, according to laws and regulations and government policies of the P.R.C., and in line with international practice.
It is one of the 16 overseas representative offices of CCPIT around the world. We provide main services as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9873181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873181" title="Pratapa deva">
Pratapa deva

The White Royal, "Pratapa deva" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9873208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873208" title="Ancema blanka">
Ancema blanka

The Silver Royal, "Ancema blanka" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 
External links.
"Ancema blanka" from the Philippines

</doc>
<doc id="9873223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873223" title="Creon cleobis">
Creon cleobis

The Broadtail Royal, "Creon cleobis" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9873240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873240" title="R686 road (Ireland)">
R686 road (Ireland)

The R686 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in Waterford City. It runs roughly north-south, to the west of the inner city.
The route begins at the junction of the N25 at Merchant's Quay and runs via Bridge Street, Summerhill, Military Road, Morrisson's Road, Cannon Street, Matties Hill and terminates at Ashe Road, at the junction of the "Inner Ring Road" (R709), all in the city of Waterford.

</doc>
<doc id="9873242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873242" title="In Private">
In Private

"In Private" was the third single in a row to be a charting success for British singer Dusty Springfield, after nearly two decades of little chart success. Both "In Private" and Springfield's previous single, "Nothing Has Been Proved" were produced by Pet Shop Boys, who helped return Springfield to prominence with their 1987 hit collaboration "What Have I Done to Deserve This?". Both Springfield singles were included on her 1990 British album "Reputation".
Releases and chart performances.
"In Private" peaked at #14 in the British charts. Though not released as a single in the United States, it proved to be popular with club DJs on both coasts and charted on the Hot 100 Dance/Club Play charts, also at #14. A separate remix single with an orange cover - as opposed to the other formats' colours of green (see right; also used for 12" and 7" versions) and purple (for the CD single) - was also released both on 12" and CD in certain territories, featuring three radically rearranged and remixed dance versions by Shep Pettibone.
Cover versions.
The song was later re-recorded and released in 2006 on "Fundamentalism", the limited edition second disc released with the Pet Shop Boys' album "Fundamental". This version also appeared as the b-side to the single "Minimal", released the same year. It is performed as a duet between Neil Tennant and Elton John. The fact that both of them are openly gay men makes all the more pointed the song's subject of a hidden relationship that one of the participants is ashamed to admit to, especially on the following lines: 
Tennant: "What you gonna say when you run back to your wife?" /
John: "I guess it's just the story of my life...!" /
Both: "What are you gonna say...?"
The song was also recorded by the Swedish pop group, Nouveau Riche, as a hidden track on their 2007 album "Pink Trash". In 2008, it was covered by another Swedish band, Sahara Hotnights, peaking at 7th position at the Swedish singles chart.
In 1996, a Dutch cover version of the song was a big comeback hit for Flemish singer, Liliane Saint-Pierre.

</doc>
<doc id="9873248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873248" title="Tajuria jehana">
Tajuria jehana

The Plains Blue Royal, "Tajuria jehana" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9873258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873258" title="Tajuria cippus">
Tajuria cippus

The Peacock Royal , "Tajuria cippus" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9873262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873262" title="AFM Racing">
AFM Racing

AFM Racing are a United Kingdom based motorsport team, run by owner-driver Rick Kerry. In 2007 they first competed in the British Touring Car Championship. They ran a BMW 120d (the championship's first ever diesel car).
The team also built and are running Liam Hamilton's BMW E36 318is. The car, which is running in similar livery to Rick Kerry's BMW 1 Series, is currently competing in the Kumho BMW Championship. This is where Kerry himself used to compete, before making the step up to the BTCC.
In 2009 AFM Racing returned to the BTCC after one year out which was spent improving the car. After initially intending on entering two cars, sponsorship problems saw just one BMW 120d for Nick Leason.

</doc>
<doc id="9873287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873287" title="La Tale">
La Tale

La Tale is a 2D side-scrolling online game developed by Actoz Soft. Gamers take the role of adventurers in a mythological fantasy world.
It was launched in South Korea in February 2006 where it was well received. In February 2007, Actoz entered into an agreement with Chinese game operator Shanda to open a server in mainland China.
On March 18, 2008 OGPlanet signed a contract with Actoz Soft to bring La Tale to North America. Aeria Games launched La Tale in Europe on July 30, 2009, and closed the server on October 21, 2010.
Sign-ups for North America closed-beta testing began on July 10, 2008. Testers were selected from 22 July to 30 July. Closed-beta testing began on July 31, 2008 and ended on August 6, 2008. An open-beta test was held for fileplanet subscribers from August 15, 2008 to August 18, 2008. Official open-beta testing began on August 21, 2008 and ended on September 3, 2008. La Tale was officially released on September 18, 2008.
Gameplay.
Gameplay of La Tale is based on most MMORPGs. Players control a single character that combats monsters, obtains and completes quests, and participates in other activities. The game has a 2D side-scrolling setting similar to MapleStory and Ghost Online. The keyboard is used to hotkey character actions while the mouse is primarily used to speak to Non-player characters (NPCs), purchase items, and manipulate the items (via Enchants, Upgrades, etc.).
There are two types of currency in the North American version of La Tale: Ely and Astros. Ely is the normal in-game currency, used to buy equipment and other usable items. Ely is gained through killing monsters, selling items, and completing quests. Astros are the currency used to purchase fashion-shop items. Astros must be purchased through OGPlanet, similar to buying NX Cash for Nexon products. Astros were not introduced during closed-beta testing but were tested in open-beta (and is now added in the game). Note that the clothes you buy from the fashion shop are permanent and will never expire. Unlike, Nexon games, however, one may purchase Astro items with Ely from other players.
Gameplay and characters.
One player account has up to three slots for characters, there will also exist a fourth slot in which players can activate by buying a special item from the Astro Shop which will only be available for a limited time. Players have the choice of choosing their character's gender, class, and appearance. Names are also given to characters at this point (be warned that even if a character is deleted, the name will not be reusable).
Hit points (HP) are displayed on the top left corner of the screen in orange, upon having a low amount of HP the bar will turn red. HP can be recovered by using potions/consumables, by sitting. Few items and equipment have HP regeneration ability, enables gradual HP recovery per set of time. Reaching zero hit points gives the player an option of returning to the nearest town or returning to the nearest saved waypoint, then will be resurrected with half HP and zero SP; Unless if Potion of Resurrection is used, will be resurrected at the place time you reach zero hit points.
Spirit points (SP) are also displayed on the top left corner in blue. This notifies the amount of SP, or points for skill usage, the player has left. SP can be recovered by potions/consumables or by sitting. Few items and equipment have SP regeneration ability, enables gradual SP recovery per set of time. SP will be consumed on most skill usages. Wizards and Bards have the ability to heal, they are able to substitute SP for their own HP or other players' HP.
Experience points (XP) states how much experience points the player has to acquire in order to reach the next level. Experience points are gained through killing monsters and completing quests, though players can also gain XP by saving at a Stone of Iris or Returning Stone (note that this only works on Returning Stones and Stones of Iris that were not saved yet, note that it also costs a small amount of SP). At Level 10 and higher, XP Penalty system applies when you die, reducing 3% XP (and 2% Ely) on each death, but preventable if you have Iron Will or Potion of Resurrection. Experience points are also influenced by combos, which are series of attacks that do not fail or miss the target. The higher the combo, the more XP (and Ely) the player receives. A combo may reach a maximum of 99 hits (upon exceeding 99 hits, it will still show 99 hits). Status points, or "stats", are preset and are automatically added to the character upon leveling up (maximum level is 200).
Classes.
There are 5 starting classes in La Tale. Each class specializes in one of the four stats in the game: Power, which determines flinch rate and damage capability; Stamina, which determines HP and defense capability; Magic, which determines something similar to Power (except with regards to magic damage and magic defense); and Luck, which determines Critical Rate.
Warriors are the class of Power. They wield either two-handed swords, spears, or knuckles. Although they lack defensive capabilities, Warriors excel at dealing high amounts of physical damage in the frontlines. This class is recommended for beginners, since they are good for soloing. However, due to their low defense, they can die rather quickly.
Warriors are used for the sole purpose of dealing physical damage from short range. They are the strongest of all the classes, making them excellent for players who prefer powerful attacks. They are usually paired in the frontlines with Knights. Warriors are the only class that can use greatswords and spears.
Knights are the class of Stamina. They wield either a sword or blunt weapon in one hand and a shield in the other or they can wield knuckles (but no shield). Like the Warrior class, they cannot use daggers. Their exceptionally high physical and magical defenses and stamina allow Knights to withstand large amounts of damage.
Knights possess the highest stamina of any class and have average offense. They are commonly used as tanks, players that absorb most, if not all, of the damage to keep other members of the party away from harm. Templar Knights even have healing abilities.
Wizards are the class of Magic. They wield staves, daggers, and knuckles. They mainly deal area-of-effect damage by using their magic, which is divided into four elements: fire, water (which is further broken down into damaging water skills and healing water skills), wind, and earth. Wizards are great for damage and support at a distance.
Wizards can either be entirely offensive, entirely defensive, or a mixture of both. Fire and earth tend to be more offensive, while water and wind tend to be more defensive, note that water and winds elements have faster recharge than fire and earth. Players can also choose to become healers by using healing water skills as a Wizard/Sorcerer or song/guitar heal skills as a Bard.
Explorers are the class of Luck. They wield daggers, bows, crossbows, and knuckles. Most Explorers deal damage from a distance. They lack the damage output of the other classes, but they are compensated with very high attack speed and high critical attack rate.
Explorers mainly deal supportive physical damage from long range. Their long range is also accompanied by increased attack speed, making them perfect for players who prefer distanced combat. Treasure Hunters are the best class to find rare items and Gunslingers have the fastest attack speed of all the characters.
Engineers are the Balanced class. They wield toolboxes. Their special abilities involve using contraptions from their toolbox, which gives them a varied set of skills to choose from. They also can plant a totem or turret (maximum of 3 at once) which deals constant damage or makes certain effects to any enemies around it for about ten seconds.
Soul Breakers wield Soul Stones.
Promotions.
A feature that enables player to advance to higher class after reaching certain amount of level. You also get different weapons sometimes and new skills. 
2nd Job Promotions.
Upon reaching level 50, 2nd Job Class change is possible. For all classes, the Class Change center is on Desert Area, Field Map after City of Aoich.
Skills.
Skills are split into six categories: Weapon, Magic, Miscellaneous, Action, Emoticon, and Craft.
Weapon skills affect the use of weapon-based damage. Magic skills, which is mostly exclusive to the Wizard class, affect the use of various spells. Miscellaneous skills are other skills that do not fall into any other category and are generally supportive skills. Some Miscellaneous skills, such as dig and ignite, must be unlocked through various quests. Weapon, Magic, and some Miscellaneous skills require the use of skill points, which are obtained through leveling up (1 skill point per level up).
Action skills are simply those the character performs in general. These skills include jump, sit, guard, etc. Action skills do not require any skill points, as they are already at the character's disposal. Emoticon skills are as they imply: emoticons, which are facial expressions/actions the character can perform. They also do not require the use of skill points. Instead, emoticons are gained by using emoticon guidebooks, which are found randomly from any monster. The guidebooks are of varying difficulty, and some may fail.
A player may use a skill by clicking the skill symbol on the skill menu. A simpler way is set a button on the keyboard to that particular skill. Skills are also color-coded. Blue stands for Weapon skills, purple for Magic skills, gray for Miscellaneous skills, red for Action skills, and green for Emoticons. Symbols without a colored background (white) are consumable items.
Some skills have cool down times, which are noted by the skill symbol being shaded. Once all the shading has disappeared, the skill is able to be used again. Also, some Weapon and Magic skills can be chained into combos. They are noted by the flashing word "Combo". Chaining these skills together allows the player to use them quicker, ensuring the combo will continue. However, only skills of the same tree and of the same vertical branch can be used in combos.
With the release of Mecha Empire and the Engineer/Meister class, new skills called "Ely Skills" were introduced into the game. One skill for increasing of the Four Stats: Power, Stamina, Magic, and Luck. These skills are purchased and there is no level requirement. However, upon Promotion, these skills are reset along with all the other skills (except emotes); for this reason, it is recommended that no one spends money on these until they have been Promoted.
Guilds.
Guilds are associations of many players. They are created by using 10,000 Ely and guild crystals, which can be bought in the fashion-shop, from other players or found by hunting monsters, though this can be very rare. There are three types of guilds: Order (good), Chaos (evil), and Neutral. Every member of a guild receives stat bonuses according to the guilds current level. However, certain guild types give certain stat bonuses, so choosing the right guild type is important. Guilds also have guild emblems, which are the official insignias of guilds. When created, all guilds have the same preset emblem. The emblem symbol and background can be changed, but cost between 100,000 to 5,000,000 Ely. Emblems can also have effects, animations around the emblem, and cost the use of particular dyes that can be bought in fashion-shop.
Guilds have six ranks for its members: Apprentice, Veteran, Maestro, Captain, and Boss (Guildmaster not included). The name of the guild rank varies on each guild type. There can only be one guildmaster at a time. Those of higher rank are able to promote and demote any other member of lesser rank. They are also able to invite other players to the guild while guilmasters can kick out a guild member. They act like single units, meaning each member benefits from the accomplishments of all guild members. Guilds actually have levels and experience points(GP), which are gained when a member completes a quest. Occasionally, Guild Quest will also appear which are quests specially for the guild, Guild Quests usually give a lot of GP. When the required amount of GP is gathered, the guild levels up master must collect the correct number of guild crystals and level up the guild in the guild room, giving a greater maximum amount of members and higher stat bonuses. It is important for guilds to look for loyal long term players because if a player leaves a guild all of that member's GP is also taken out of the guild. There is no way to regain GP lost by leaving a guild and a players GP does not follow them from guild to guild.
Guildmaster can plant guild crop in a guild and crop can be harvested in 14 days without crop accelerator. Vice-master and master can then harvest the crop with their guildmates and enjoy a luxurious reward, which is the guild secret room. Guild item such as guild costumes, accessories, food and weapons can also be purchased inside the guild room.
Map.
During closed-beta testing, Jiendia had four major cities: Belos, Elias, Yong Gyoung, and Aoich. Elfa, Ves, Atlantis, Lilliput, and Midgard have been added in the official release. There are more cities, but they have yet to be released. When created, all characters start in the town of Belos, a small town that introduces game basics to newcomers. Elias is the main city in LaTale, as it holds much of the game features such as the PvP arena, guild hall access, and beauty shop.
There are various explorable areas in between the cities. These areas hold monsters, which are essential to finishing quests and gaining experience. There are also Instance Dungeons for parties of players, with "Lair of Evil Dragon" the "easiest" dungeon, other Instance Dungeons include "Spooky Village", "Shangri-La", and "Frozen Labyrinth". Traveler's Heavens, camps in between explorable areas, are spread throughout the continent. They were not introduced in closed-beta testing.
Pets.
Pets are also included in La Tale. They serve the purpose of assisting their owners while out in the field. Pets have three levels: Egg, Baby, and Adult. They evolve as they gain experience, which is obtained through killing monsters while having the pet equipped. Pets gain more skills as they evolve. However, they do not level automatically. Once the pet has reached 100% in their experience bar, the player must use leveling pills in order to advance their pet.
Pets also have stats, which are obtained through the enchantment of the pet. Enchanting is done by using enchanting jewels, which are bought from pet shops. Once the pet has been enchanted, their stats are added onto the player stats, giving the player an increase in whichever stat jewel was used.
They have a limited lives (usually lasting for only 60 days). However, they can be revived by using revival herbs, which are purchased from the cash shop. The only exception to this rule are Ugly Eggs, which last for only 15 days, but may be revived from an in-game version of the revival herb for 100,000 Ely.
Pets were not introduced in closed-beta or open-beta testing. During official release, two pets (Naughty Dino and Fairy Dino) were introduced during "Pet Preview Quest", a 2-week event that allowed users to try Pets for a brief time.
PvP (Player Versus Player).
PvP is a key feature to the LaTale in-game community. Players may enter an "official" or "unofficial" PvP. "Official" PvPs are entered in the Elias Fight Arena by talking to the NPCs, which will pair you with an opponent randomly. There are free-for-all PvPs and team PvPs. Most people do single 2-player PvPs. "Unofficial" PvPs may be done by right-clicking a player then requesting "Challenge to PvP". Any level player may enter a PvP. To compensate for the potential difference of level so that the game may be a reasonable competition, the game will boost the stats of a player according to the lowness of their level. For example, if a level 20 Warrior fights a level 180 Blader, the Warrior will receive a greater stat increase than the Blader. However, this is not very effective in leveling the playing field considering that the Blader will have better stats, better armor, better weapons, and better skills. Luckily, all Promoted classes of equal level are roughly equal in terms of innate advantage at a given level. After an "Official" PvP, one will receive Honor and PvP Points. Honor is the sum of all PvP points earned. If one loses a match, he will receive 10 PvP Points but if he wins he will receive 50 PvP Points.
PvP Items & Skills.
PvP Points are used to buy PvP Items and PvP Skills. PvP Items and PvP Skills are items and skill, respectively, that can only be used inside PvP. Some PvP Items include XP Potions and PvP Potions. PvP Skills vary but all cost 1,000,000 Ely and 4,000 PvP Points. Additionally, available is the Epic Set and Epic Magic set, each piece of the set costs 1,500 PvP Points. There are PvP Weapons available but they only last 20 days.
Other features.
Waypoints were introduced to La Tale to make traveling easier. Players may save their location at waypoints (called Stones of Iris in the field and Returning Stones in cities). When the player uses a Stone of Iris Fragment, the player is transported to their last saved waypoint. When the player dies, they also have the choice of returning to their last saved waypoint. They can also use warp capsules to move around La Tale.
Personal Shops in La Tale were made to assist players in selling and purchasing items from other players. It is also required for the player to purchase a shop license in order to open their personal shop. There is no tax, as economy is entirely user-run.
A Mailing System was also introduced to La Tale. The mailing system is a method of communication and is operated by an NPC known as the Postman. Postman is located in almost every major town and is red both in person and on the minimap. The system allows quick messaging between players, whether online or offline. Also, the system gives the option of attaching up to 7 items and Ely to the message. This is a great method of giving gifts to other players without the hassle of trading. It costs 100 Ely to mail something and the recipient may receive mail instantly.
A Marriage System recently came out to LaTale. First, a partner must gain 100% in their Proposal bar to ask for marriage. Proposal Bar % can be increased by getting online together at once per day. The items needed is a Proposal Ring (10,000 Ely) and Wedding Attires (Astros).
A Coliseum was introduced in the latest update, located in Belos, players will be able to kill waves of different monsters. Players will be provided with 3 Iron Wills at the start. There are different levels of the Coliseum for players such as "Beginner" for Level 1-80 players, "Intermediate" for Level 80-140 players, "Expert" for Level 140+ players, and "Hardcore" for lvl 170+ players. Players will be fighting waves of monster on the Coliseum, ended with a huge wolf (Wolf's name varies on each Difficulty). Players need to form a party in order to be able to go into the Coliseum.
An Auction System was introduced in the latest patch, it allows players to put up their items for sell and allow other players to bid for the item.

</doc>
<doc id="9873299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873299" title="Trangie">
Trangie

Trangie is a small country town in regional New South Wales. It is part of Narromine Shire local government area. At the 2006 census, Trangie had a population of 866.
The tennis player Lesley Turner Bowrey was born here in 1942, as well as rugby league player Justin Carney.
See also.
Photos of headstones in Trangie General Cemetery

</doc>
<doc id="9873302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873302" title="Science Olympiad Foundation">
Science Olympiad Foundation

The Science Olympiad Foundation, (SOF) is an educational foundation and a non-profit organisation, based at New Delhi (India), which promotes Science, Introductory Computer Education, Mathematics and English in India and other places like Singapore, Oman, Qatar, Nepal, Bahrain, Sri Lanka, U.A.E. and Durban. Every year, it organises four Olympiads in each of these places, namely the National Cyber Olympiad (NCO), the National Science Olympiad (NSO), the International Mathematics Olympiad (IMO) and the International English Olympiad (IEO). Participating students receive prizes. The SOF encourages participants to register through their schools, rather than as individuals.
International Olympiads.
National Cyber Olympiad.
The NCO (National Cyber Olympiad) is a global search competition that aims at identifying and nurturing cyber talent amongst the youngsters. The students from classes 2 - 12 are eligible for appearing in it. It is conducted in two levels. In the 1st level, there are 15 questions in Section-I (Mental Ability), 15 questions in Section-II (Logical and Analytical Reasoning) and 20 questions in Section-III (Computers and IT). The students are required to answer a total of 50 questions in 60 minutes, with each question carrying one mark and no negative marking for incorrect answers. They are Multiple Choice Questions (MCQ) type and the students are required to supply their responses on OMR answer sheets. All students participating in NCO (1st level) get a 'Cyber Quotient (CQ)', giving their score, school rank, city rank, state rank, international rank and percentile, as well as a 'Certificate of Participation'. SOF also generates a performance report for all participating schools, known as 'School Cyber Quotient (SCQ)'. On the basis of the 1st level exam, a 'School Whizkid Medal' is awarded to every class topper (with minimum 10 enrollments in the class concerned) in each participating school. Selected students appear for a 2nd level examination and according to these 2nd level ranks, the prizes are given. The criteria for selection to the 2nd level are as follows: the student should have secured International Rank from 1 - 500 (both inclusive) and/or State Rank from 1 - 10 (both inclusive) and/or School Rank 1 (where minimum 10 students have appeared). All students participating in NCO (2nd level) are also given a 'Certificate of Merit'. The respective school of each student with International Rank from 1 - 3 (both inclusive) is awarded a 'Cyber Intellect Trophy (CIT)' for having the winning students on their rolls.
National Science Olympiad.
The NSO (National Science Olympiad) is a science competition in Asia. The students from classes 1 - 12 are eligible for appearing in it. It is conducted in two levels. For classes 1-4, there are 10 questions in Section-I (Mental Ability) and 25 questions in Section-II (Science). For Class 5-10 there are 15 questions in section 1 and 35 questions in section 2, For classes 11-12, the format of both levels is as follows: there are 20 questions in Section-I (Mathematics OR Biology) and 30 questions in Section-II (Physics and Chemistry). The students are required to answer a total of 50 questions in 60 minutes, with each question carrying one mark and no negative marking for incorrect answers. They are Multiple Choice Questions (MCQ) type and the students are required to supply their responses on OMR answer sheets All students participating in NSO (1st level) get a Science Quotient (SQ), giving their Score, School Rank, City Rank, State Rank,International Rank and Percentile, as well as a Certificate of Participation. SOF also generates a performance report for all participating schools, known as School Science Quotient (SSQ). On the basis of the 1st level exam, a School Topper Medal is awarded to every class topper (with minimum 10 enrollments in the class concerned) in each participating school. Selected students appear for a 2nd level examination and according to these 2nd level ranks, the prizes are given. The criteria for selection to the 2nd level are as follows: the student should have secured International Rank from 1 - 500 (both inclusive) and/or State Rank from 1 - 10 (both inclusive) and/or School Rank 1 (where minimum 10 students have appeared). All students participating in NSO (2nd level) are also given a Certificate of Merit. The respective school of each student with International Rank from 1 - 3 (both inclusive) is awarded a Science Intellect Trophy (SIT) for having the winning students on their rolls. The 17th NSO will be held on November 12, 2014 or November 25,2014 as per the dates chosen by school.
International Mathematics Olympiad.
The IMO (International Mathematics Olympiad) is a means to identify and encourage the mathematical creativity of children in schools across India and abroad. The students from classes 1 - 12 are eligible for appearing in it. The format of both levels is the same: there are 20 questions in Section-I (Logical Reasoning), 15 questions in Section-II (Mathematical Reasoning) and 10 questions in Section-III (Everyday Mathematics)and 5 questions in section-4 (Achievers section). The students are required to answer a total of 50 questions in 60 minutes, with each question carrying one mark and no negative marking for incorrect answers. They are Multiple Choice Questions (MCQ) type and the students are required to supply their responses on OMR answer sheets.All students participating in IMO (1st level) get a 'Math Quotient (MQ)', giving their score, school rank, city Rank, state rank, international rank and 'percentile, as well as a 'Certificate of Participation'. SOF also generates a performance report for all participating schools, known as 'School Math Quotient (SMQ)'. On the basis of the 1st level exam, a 'School Math Genius Medal' is awarded to every class topper (with minimum 10 enrollments in the class concerned) in each participating school. Selected students appear for a 2nd level examination and according to these 2nd level ranks, the prizes are given. The criteria for selection to the 2nd level are as follows: the student should have secured International Rank from 1 - 500 (both inclusive) and/or State Rank from 1 - 10 (both inclusive) and/or School Rank 1 (where minimum 10 students have appeared). All students participating in IMO (2nd level) are also given a 'Certificate of Merit'. The respective school of each student with International Rank from 1 - 3 (both inclusive) is awarded a 'Math Intellect Trophy (MIT)' for having the winning students on their rolls.
International English Olympiad.
The IEO (International English Olympiad) is an English language examination conducted in India. The format of the examination is as follows: there are 25 questions in Section-I (Word and Structure Knowledge), 15 questions in Section-II (Reading) and 10 questions in Section-III (Spoken and Written Expression). The students are required to answer a total of 50 questions in 60 minutes, with each question carrying one mark and no negative marking for incorrect answers. They are Multiple Choice Questions (MCQ) type and the students are required to supply their responses on OMR answer sheets. The students from classes 1 - 12 are eligible for appearing in it. All students participating in IEO get an 'English Quotient (EQ)', giving their score, school rank, city rank, state rank, international rank and percentile, as well as a 'Certificate of Participation'. SOF also generates a performance report for all participating schools, known as 'School English Quotient (SEQ)'. A 'School English Scholar Medal' is awarded to every class topper (with minimum 10 enrollments in the class concerned) in each participating school. The respective school of each student with International Rank from 1 - 3 (both inclusive) is awarded an 'English Intellect Trophy (EIT)' for having the winning students on their rolls. 
External links.
http://olympiads.pcmbtoday.com/rw-user/login.jsp

</doc>
<doc id="9873308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873308" title="Lithuanian Council of Lords">
Lithuanian Council of Lords

The Lithuanian Council of Lords (, ) was the main permanent institution of central government in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania active in its capital city of Vilnius.
It had originated from the advisory Council of the Grand Duke, established by Vytautas the Great in the early 15th century. During the reign of Casimir Jagiellon it was renamed to the Council of Lords. Under the Union of Lublin of 1569, the Council formally became a constituent part of the Polish-Lithuanian Senates (see also Offices in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth), together with the Royal Council of Poland, but it continued to operate "de facto" until the mid-17th century.
Competence.
The Council carried out the functions of the Grand Duke after his death and had a supreme authority in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania until a new Grand Duke was appointed, as well as organised his appointment. The first appointed ruler was Casimir Jagiellon, who in exchange expanded the Council's powers significantly and approved the Casimir Code. The Council was granted judicial powers and became an appellate instance, subordinate to the King and acting in the absence of him, who remained the chief justice. Casimir was followed by his son Alexander who issued another privilege in 1492. According to the privilege of 1506 by his brother Sigismund the Old, the new laws could no longer be adopted and the existing could not be amended without the Council's consent. The First Lithuanian Statute of 1529 confirmed its administrative powers, as well as granted legislative powers, exercised together with the Grand Duke of Lithuania. The Council's legislative powers were limited under the subsequent edition of the Lithuanian Statute of 1566, as a result of a growing role of szlachta and its Sejms.
The Council carried out executive functions in the state since 1445 because a majority of Lithuanian Grand Dukes resided in Poland. It also convoked the Lithuanian Seimas.
Composition.
The Council had 35 – 50 permanent members as of 1529. It consisted of the most prominent representatives of the Lithuanian magnate families, as well as bishops, marshals and treasurers. The "ex officio" members of the Council were the voivods of Vilnius and Trakai, castellans of Vilnius and Trakai, the Elder of Samogitia, the Grand Hetman of Lithuania and the Grand Chancellor of Lithuania. Since the 16th century, these members comprised a Secret Council which was a "de facto" core of the Council of Lords, dealing with all crucial state affairs, since the full membership of the Council was rarely convened. A majority of the members were Roman Catholic ethnic Lithuanians; however, the influence of Ruthenian magnates was constantly increasing.

</doc>
<doc id="9873315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873315" title="CW postcode area">
CW postcode area

The CW postcode area, also known as the Crewe postcode area, is a group of twelve postcode districts in England, which are subdivisions of eight post towns. These postcode districts cover much of Cheshire, including Crewe, Northwich, Congleton, Middlewich, Nantwich, Sandbach, Tarporley and Winsford, plus very small parts of Staffordshire and Shropshire.
__TOC__
Coverage.
The approximate coverage of the postcode districts:
! CW1
! CW2
! CW3
! CW4
! CW5
! CW6
! CW7
! CW8
! CW9
! CW10
! CW11
! CW12
! CW98

</doc>
<doc id="9873324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873324" title="Tajuria maculata">
Tajuria maculata

The Spotted Royal, "Tajuria maculata" is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9873340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873340" title="Ops melastigma">
Ops melastigma

The Branded Royal, "Ops melastigma", is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="9873351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873351" title="Shangri-La's Mactan Resort &amp; Spa, Cebu">
Shangri-La's Mactan Resort &amp; Spa, Cebu

Shangri-La's Mactan Resort & Spa is a 5-star resort owned by Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts located on the island of Mactan, Cebu. It was once the Philippines' largest resort, covering 13 hectares and equipped with 530 guest rooms and suites, its own private man-made beach cove, 2 outdoor swimming pools, a 6-hole golf course, and its own marine sanctuary covering 6 hectares that holds over 100 species of fish and corals.
Shangri-La's Mactan Resort and Spa, Cebu received the “ASEAN Green Hotel Standard” at the ASEAN Tourism Forum 2008 held in Bangkok, Thailand, in recognition of its environmentally friendly energy conservation measures. For its 20th anniversary in October 2013, the resort underwent an expansive renovation program over three phases with a new “ocean to shore” concept.
Since it opened in 1993, Shangri-La’s Mactan Resort and Spa has won various awards from international institutions such as AsiaMoney, Business Traveller, Conde Nast, HotelClub.com, Smart Travel Asia, Time Magazine, Travel Weekly (for “Best Spa”) and Zagat World’s Top Hotels, Resorts and Spas. Its impact has been said to have “put Cebu on the map when it opened in 1993” and is frequently cited as creating the tourism boom on the island, known as the “Cebooom.”
History.
The Shangri-La's Mactan Resort & Spa was opened by Wolf Dieter Flecker on October 18, 1993. When first opened, the resort was significantly smaller than it is today, when "the view of the seas unobstructed." Additions over the years have included the Ocean Wing and fish sanctuary, as well as palm trees and lagoon pools.
In 2007 the resort announced a multimillion-dollar renovation program to coincide with the hosting of the 14th ASEAN summit on its premises. 188 rooms in the Ocean Wing were renovated, while a marquee able to accommodate 1,000 guests was also added.
The same year the resort celebrated its 15th year with an art exhibition of Cebuano painters, with 50% of proceeds of sales of the works going to charity.
A renewal program over three phases from 2012 to 2013 included new room types, existing room makeovers and a new theme, at a cost of P718 million (US$16.5 million).
The resort remains particularly popular with tourists from Korea and Japan, but with an increasing number of domestic guests. It also hosts major international events, including the Miss Universe pre-pageant, the APEC summit, and the ASEAN Leader’s Summit.
Theme.
During the resort’s refurbishment for its 20th anniversary, a new theme, "ocean to shore," was announced. The resort maintains this concept in part through its own beachfront sanctuary, which was first launched in 2007. Spanning six hectares, the Shangri-La Marine Sanctuary contains 160 species of fish, clams and coral, as well as two sunken ships placed there to form artificial coral. Staff of the hotel maintain the sanctuary alongside steward partners Amores Charities, Inc., Scotty's Action Sports Network and the Government of Lapu-Lapu City.
Design and construction.
The resort was designed by Francisco Mañosa and Partners, who had the responsibility of creating the first resort of the chain in the Philippines. The concept “called for a structure nestled in nature,” and Mañosa decided to have the facades of the hotel slope to avoid the structure feeling too monumental amongst the coconut palms. 
Interior design was developed by Dale Keller & Associates. The in-room teak and mother-of-pearl furniture and decor use Philippine craftsmanship, applied on capiz headboards, timber flooring and decorative fretwork lamps.
Landscaping by Belt Collins International (HK) Limited was developed. The shoreline itself was reconfigured to create a sheltered, man-made beach with a “naturalistic island within wading distance.” Palm trees were planted in clusters with curved paths leading from the resort’s main building to the beach, via tropical gardens and lawns.
Features.
Rooms and suites.
The resort has 530 rooms split into two wings, the Main and Ocean Wings. The Deluxe and Deluxe Sea View rooms measure 36 square meters, while suites include Mactan, Panorama and Veranda Suites, blending contemporary Filipino craft furnishings with indigenous abaca, capiz, banana leaf and rattan. The Veranda Suites include a private 30-square-meter corner terrace and were introduced during the first phase of renewal for the 20th anniversary of its opening. Ocean Club floor rooms also include personal concierge service and access to the Ocean Club Lounge.
A total of 354 rooms were refurbished in the resort’s main wing during the 3-phase renovation program. New colours of golden sand and fresh turquoise were added to display the new concept of "ocean to shore," with coral and seashell decor. 8 Deluxe Family rooms for small groups were also added, of 45-61 square meters in size and containing two queen size beds.
The resort has two suites titled the Shangri-La Suite that are located in the Main Wing. Measuring 136 square meters, they come with a private balcony overlooking the Mactan Sea, a living room, dining area, pantry, and a personal butler. The premier suite is the Presidential Suite in the Ocean Wing, measuring 216 square meters.
Restaurants.
The resort holds four speciality restaurants serving a variety of cuisines, as well as bars, "Breeze," "Buko Bar," "Waves Bar,” and Lobby Lounge.
CHI, The Spa.
CHI Spa Village opened in June 2005, with six private villas of 135 square meters, pavilions for treatments, and garden suites. The Spa Village extends over 10,000 square meters, containing herbal steam rooms and a spa pool. Services include a "water garden" and over 30 therapies developed on a philosophy of Chinese yin and yang. Treatments include a traditional Philippine Hilot, using warm coconut oil and banana leaves. 
Awards.
The property is a mainstay of recommendation lists by major media like Conde Nast Traveler, 
Expedia, Asia Money and TIME Magazine, winning awards each year. It was voted "The Favorite Resort Hotel in Asia" for three consecutive years from 2004 by TIME Magazine’s readers.

</doc>
<doc id="9873352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873352" title="Ronald Hilton">
Ronald Hilton

Ronald Hilton (July 31, 1911, Torquay, England – February 20, 2007, Palo Alto, California) was a British-American academic, reporter and think-tank specialist, specializing in Latin America and, in particular, Fidel Castro's Cuba.
Ronald Hilton was educated at Oxford University and at the University of California at Berkeley and became a US citizen in 1946. He launched the Hispanic American Report in 1948. He was an academic expert on Latin America who helped to uncover the CIA’s clandestine preparations for the Bay of Pigs Invasion of Cuba in April 1961. He spent most of his long working life at Stanford University. 
During a research trip to Guatemala in 1960, he learned that a group of Cuban exiles were training at a secret camp (which everybody there seemed to know about) for their ill-fated attempt to overthrow Fidel Castro’s regime. Hilton was the main source when the left-wing weekly "The Nation" broke the story in November 1960. The invasion went ahead anyway a few months later, after the Kennedy administration succeeded in persuading the New York Times (NYT), that had decided to follow up the Nation story, to delay publishing its own investigations. 
Hilton later published a series of articles about Castro’s (1959) revolution in the "Hispanic American Report" that were written by Herbert Matthews and which the NYT had declined to publish because it felt that Matthews had grown too close to the Cuban leader. He founded the World Association of International Studies (WAIS) in 1965, a global political, economic and religious forum, after resigning as the Director of the Institute of Hispanic American and Luso-Brazilian Studies (Bolivar House), which he had founded earlier at Stanford University. Hilton continued in his post as the Professor of Romanic Languages at the Stanford University until he retired at the mandatory age of 65.
In 1970, he launched the World Affairs Report, that continued publication until 1990 and became an on-line publication afterward. He became a Visiting Fellow of the Hoover Institution at Stanford in 1987. He died in 2007 from cancer, aged 95.
Family.
In 1939, he married a fellow student, Mary Bowie, while both were enrolled in graduate studies at Berkeley. Mary Bowie Hilton died in 2007. A daughter survives them.

</doc>
<doc id="9873356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873356" title="Fred Kinghorn">
Fred Kinghorn

Frederick John Kinghorn (1883-1971), A rugby league footballer, Kinghorn played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the New South Wales Rugby League competition.
Kinghorn who played 41 matches for Eastern Suburbs side was a member of the club’s first premiership winning sides in the years 1911, ’12 and ’13. Kinghorn was also a member of Easts City Cup winning side of 1914. In the 1912 season the fullback represented Sydney, and in 1913 was selected for NSW in an interstate match against Queensland.
Following his retirement from the game Kinghorn became a vice president of the Eastern Suburbs club.
Kinghorn died in 1971, aged 88.

</doc>
<doc id="9873364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873364" title="Loud'n'proud">
Loud'n'proud

loud & proud was a series on BBC Radio 1 aimed at young lesbians and gay men and their friends. It was presented by DJ Paulette and broadcast weekly in 1993. 
It was made by OutSpoken Productions, an independent production company based in Manchester and run by Christopher Kelly and Mark Ovenden. Although only seven programmes were commissioned, it was the first series for gay people on a national UK radio network and was the first radio series in the world to target young gay people. 
The success of the programme and generally favourable press coverage ("The Guardian" (18 September 1993) called the programme "an impressive example of public service broadcasting") encouraged Radio 1 to cover the Gay Pride event for the first time the following year. Those reports into the general days output, also produced by OutSpoken Productions and fronted by Kevin Greening led to Radio 1 becoming a regular fixture at Gay Pride events for several years. 
Such was the prevailing level of homophobia at the time that Conservative Member of Parliament Peter Butler was reported in the press as saying that "The BBC have gone completely out of control. They are following their own agenda. We should cancel their licence fee".
The pilot of the series was first made in 1992 with celebrity gay footballer Justin Fashanu as the presenter. It was initially submitted to BBC Radio Five but turned down in May 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9873381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873381" title="Bhamini">
Bhamini

Bhamini is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Bhamini is in a tribal area, which is considered beautiful. The River Vamsadhara flows through border of Bhamini mandal and Orissa. Battili is main centre of Bhamini mandal.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this mandal is as follows:
Panchayats.
There are 22 village panchayats in Bhamini mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873387" title="Alone in the Dark II (film)">
Alone in the Dark II (film)

Alone in the Dark II is a 2008 German-American horror film starring Rick Yune, Rachel Specter and Lance Henriksen and directed by Peter Scheerer and Michael Roesch. It is a sequel to Uwe Boll's 2005 film "Alone in the Dark", although it features an entirely new cast and a story that is unrelated to the original film.
"Alone in the Dark II" was filmed in New York City and Los Angeles. It is loosely based on the Atari's "Alone in the Dark" video game series.
Plot.
Former witch-hunter Abner Lundberg (Lance Henriksen) is forced to come back to fight his old nemesis, a century-old dangerous witch out on the prowl again. This time, Lundberg joins forces with Edward Carnby (Rick Yune), who attempt to track down the dangerous witch Elisabeth Dexter (Allison Lange).
Release & reception.
The film was released in Germany on September 25, 2008, in the United Kingdom on July 27, 2009 and in the United States on January 26, 2010. An American Blu-ray release is sold exclusively by Best Buy.
Reviewing the film for "IGN", R.L. Shaffer wrote: "Uwe Boll's "Alone in the Dark" did not require a sequel. Critics hated the film. Fans hated the film. ... Thankfully though, "Alone in the Dark II" is actually a much better film than the first. It's a touch light on action, and the setting is far more limited in terms of production design, but the tone is a little more in keeping with the ideas of the game franchise. ... Look at "Alone in the Dark II" more as a reboot than a sequel and it plays OK."

</doc>
<doc id="9873389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873389" title="United States Marine Corps Forces, Pacific">
United States Marine Corps Forces, Pacific

Marine Forces Pacific (MARFORPAC) is the United States Marine Corps service component command of United States Pacific Command. It is the largest field command in the Marine Corps and is headquartered at Camp H. M. Smith in Hawaii.
It is composed of the I Marine Expeditionary Force (I MEF) and the III Marine Expeditionary Force (III MEF). Each MEF comprises a command element (CE), a ground combat element (GCE) (1st and 3rd Marine Divisions), an aviation combat element (ACE) (1st and 3rd Marine Aircraft Wings), and a logistics combat element (LCE) (1st and 3rd Marine Logistics Groups). 
Mission.
As the assigned service component to United States Pacific Command area of responsibility, Marine Forces Pacific is responsible for the support, planning, and provision of forces in the PACOM AOR or elsewhere as required and may be designated as an executive agent for standing responsibilities or named operations.
Longstanding missions for MARFORPAC include building partner capacity in support of regional cooperation and capacity-building efforts, as well as the defense of South Korea (via subordinate command MARFORK) and Japan. Marine Forces Pacific also provided combat units to support Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom.

</doc>
<doc id="9873392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873392" title="Syncarpia glomulifera">
Syncarpia glomulifera

Syncarpia glomulifera, commonly known as turpentine, is a tree of the family Myrtaceae native to New South Wales and Queensland in Australia, which can reach 60 metres (200 ft) in height. It generally grows on heavier soils. Crushed leaves have a taste and smell reminiscent of turpentine. The cream flowers appear in spring and are fused into compound flowerheads.
Taxonomy.
English botanist James Edward Smith first described the turpentine as "Metrosideros glomulifera" in 1797, from a collection in the Sydney district. It was given its current binomial name by German botanist Franz Josef Niedenzu in 1893. Common names include turpentine, luster, red turpentine or red luster. It was formerly known as "Syncarpia laurifolia" Ten. Two subspecies are recognised, the widespread nominate, and subspecies "glabra" which is found from Bulahdelah north to Kempsey and has smooth leaf undersurfaces.
Description.
In a suitable location, the turpentine grows into a large straight-trunked tree up to 45 or even 55 m (150–180 ft) high with a DBH of up to 1.3 or even 1.5 m (4–5 ft). On poorer soils it grows as a small tree or even adopts a mallee habit. The thick brown bark is fibrous, with deep vertical furrows running down the trunk. The leaves are arranged oppositely on the stems, and pairs grow close together so that they resemble a whorled group of four leaves. On 0.7–1.3 cm long petioles, the thick leaves are ovate to ellipictal and measure 7–10 cm (2.5–4 in) long and 2.5–4.5 cm (1–1.6 in) across with recurved margins. Their upper surface is a dull dark green, and lower surface much paler, either covered by fine hairs in subspecies "glomulifera" or smooth in "glabra". Flowering takes place from August to December, peaking in September. The cream flowers are fused in groups of seven into compound flowerheads. This is followed by the development of the compound fruit – 1 to 2 cm (0.4–0.8 in) diameter woody capsules which ripen in summer.
Distribution and habitat.
The turpentine is found in eastern Queensland and New South Wales, from Atherton in the far north to as far south as Murramarang National Park. North of Gympie, the distribution is fragmented, with colonies on the Blackdown and Consuelo Tablelands, Tinaroo district and Windsor Tableland. The habitat most commonly associated with the turpentine is transitional forest between rainforest and wet sclerophyll forest. Here it grows as an emergent tree, and is associated with such trees as flooded gum ("Eucalyptus grandis"), tallowwood ("E. microcorys"), grey ironbark ("E. paniculata"), white stringybark ("E. globoidea"), yellow stringybark ("E. muelleriana"), white-topped box ("E. quadrangulata"), rough-barked apple ("Angophora floribunda"), brush box ("Lophostemon confertus") and various rainforest species. It also grows with spotted gum ("Corymbia maculata") and blackbutt ("E. pilularis"). On poorer soils, it can grow much smaller in dry sclerophyll forest in association with smooth-barked apple ("Angophora costata") and yellow bloodwood ("Corymbia eximia").
Adaptable to a wide range of soils, the turpentine is most suited to moderate to high-nutrient soils, such as clay soil over Wianamatta shale in the Sydney region. Valleys and flat areas are highly suitable sites. In the Sydney region, the species reaches an altitude of 300 m (1000 ft), but this extends to 900 m (3000 ft) above sea level in northern Queensland.
The turpentine is one of the dominant species of the critically endangered Sydney Turpentine-Ironbark Forest ecological community.
The largest known turpentine, located near the Williams River Recreation Reserve in the Barrington Tops National Park, New South Wales, measures trunk circumference at breast height, tall, crown spread width and "points 517" (points calculated using the National Register of Big Trees formula).
Ecology.
The flowers are pollinated by native bees and European honeybees, and possibly flies and moths. The Grey-headed Flying Fox ("Pteropus poliocephalus") and Little Red Flying Fox ("P. scapulatus") also pollinate the flowers. The Rainbow Lorikeet ("Trichoglossus haematodus") and Noisy Miner ("Manorina melanocephala") forage for nectar.
The turpentine regenerates after bushfire by resprouting from its lignotuber and epicormic buds. Turpentine trees are thought to live up to 500 years.
Uses.
Highly durable, turpentine timber is used in heavy-traffic flooring, for poles and wharves. It resists marine invertebrates and termites, and is one of the most difficult timbers to ignite. A hardy and adaptable tree, turpentine tolerates heavy soils and frosts, and is suitable for large gardens and parks, where it provides good shade with its dense canopy.

</doc>
<doc id="9873393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873393" title="Gabrielle Léger">
Gabrielle Léger

Gabrielle Léger, (May 25, 1916 – March 10, 1998) was the wife of the 21st Governor General of Canada Jules Léger and was the Viceregal consort of Canada.
Born Gabrielle Carmel in Montreal, she was introduced to Jules Léger, a lawyer studying at the Sorbonne, by friends in 1937 while in Paris and they married on August 13, 1938. They had two daughters Francine and Helene.
Six months after being appointed Governor General in 1974, Jules Léger suffered a stroke. Gabrielle assisted in his rehabilitation by helping him to learn to speak and walk again. She also read the Governor General New Year's message in 1975 and became the first woman to read passages from the Speech from the Throne in 1976 when she read it along with Jules Léger.
Her contributions to her husband's term were recognized by her inclusion in Mr. Léger's official portrait, which hangs in the Entrance Hall at Rideau Hall. Gabrielle Léger is the only spouse to have been featured in a portrait along with the Governor General.
From 1979 to 1985, she was the Chancellor of the University of Ottawa. Gabrielle Léger was named co-president along with Cardinal Paul-Émile Léger of the Jules and Paul-Émile Léger Foundation when it was created by a special act of the Canadian Parliament in 1981.
In 1974, she was made a Companion of the Order of Canada as the "spouse of the twenty-first Governor General of Canada".

</doc>
<doc id="9873402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873402" title="Burja, Srikakulam">
Burja, Srikakulam

Burja or Boorja () is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. 
Burja is located near River Nagavali.
Burja mandal is bordered by Regidi Amadalavalasa, Santhakavati, Palakonda, Seethampeta, Sarubujjili and Amadalavalasa mandals of Srikakulam district.
Narayanapuram project.
The Narayanapuram Ayacut Project was constructed across the Nagavali River. The Project is located near the Narayanapuram village to irrigate a total ayacut of 33,701 acres in the Srikakulam district.
Villages.
The villages in Burja mandal include:
References.
suresh manda

</doc>
<doc id="9873406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873406" title="Etcherla">
Etcherla

Etcherla is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district with a long coastline in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Postgraduate Center of Andhra University and an engineering college are located near Etcherla.
Features.
Dr.B.R.Ambedkar Post Graduate Centre was started in 1977-1978 with a policy of extending higher education facilities in the backward regions. The center was shifted from Srikakulam to the presented campus on 29 September 1986 in the old palace at Etcherla. In the beginning two disciplines viz., Economics and Rural development are instituted at Postgraduate level. Presently there are about 14 different courses offered here. The center is at present catering to the needs of 600 P.G. Students and Research Scholars working for their M.Phil and Ph.D. and is supported by 40 faculty members and 70 non Teaching members. This Postgraduate Center became the largest PG Center in the entire state of Andhra Pradesh.
The PG centre is located in a spacious campus extending of land. It is at present blessed with an administrative block accommodating special officers chamber, individual teachers rooms and students union room, three blocks to accommodate class rooms, library, reading room and a hostel for boys.
Dr. B.R.Ambedkar University Srikakulam
Ercherla is presently growing as the educational hub of Srikakulam District with many government and private educational institutions like Engineering and other institutions have their colleges here. 
Assembly Constituency.
Etcherla is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh, changed from reserved (Scheduled Castes) to general since 2008. There are 1,45,554 registered voters in this constituency in 1999 elections.
List of Elected Members:
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 28 village panchayats in Etcherla mandal.
Important Villages in Etcherla Mandal

</doc>
<doc id="9873413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873413" title="Gara, Srikakulam">
Gara, Srikakulam

Gara is a village and mandal Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Gara is located at . It has an average elevation of 21 meters (72 feet).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of this mandal is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9873414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873414" title="Hiramandalam">
Hiramandalam

Hiramandalam is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Hiramandalam is located at . It has an average elevation of 27 meters (91 feet). 
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Hiramandalam mandal is as follows:
Panchayats.
There are 23 panchayats in Hiramandalam mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873415" title="Jalumuru">
Jalumuru

Jalamuru is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Jalumuru mandal is bordered by Narasannapeta, Sarubujjili, Saravakota and Kotabommali mandals of Srikakulam district.
Geography.
Jalamuru is located at . It has an average elevation of 41 meters (137 feet).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Jalumuru mandal is as follows:
Village Panchayats.
There are 40 village panchayats in Jalumuru mandal.
pagodu have a big pot,pagodu have one ramalingaeswara temple .this tempel is since 1600 b.c .

</doc>
<doc id="9873416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873416" title="Kanchili">
Kanchili

Kanchili () is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Kanchili mandal is bordered by Kaviti mandal to the north, Odisha state to the west and Sompeta mandal to the south and east.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Kanchili mandal is as follows:
Etymology.
"Kanchili" village has acquired its name from the local village deity "Kanchamma" who is worshiped with devotion by the locals. The residents of Kanchili, as a matter of their social and moral responsibility, renovated the old temple of goddess 'Kanchamma'. In her name they hold a "sambaralu" (festival) periodically in every Tuesdays and Fridays in summer season this is organised by individuals of the village where anyone can celebrate this festival. Those who reside outside of the village make a trip to Kanchili to attend the colorful festival.but grandly "main sambaralu"(festival) is celebrated for a period of 12–15 years which was organised by village head persons (GRAMA PEDDALU).
×==Features==
°== Railways ==
TEMPLES
ROAD TRANSPORT
HOSPITALS
PUBLIC SERVICES
INDUSTRIES
≈J.K GLASS DESIGNERS WORKS OPPOSITE OF RAILWAY STATION.
Panchayats.
There are 30 panchayats in Kanchili mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873417" title="Kaviti">
Kaviti

Kaviti is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Kaviti mandal is bordered by Ichchapuram mandal to the north, Kanchili and Sompeta manals to the south, Odisha state to the west and the Bay of Bengal to the east.
Geography.
Kaviti is located at . It has an average elevation of 41 meters (137 feet).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Kaviti mandal is as follows:
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 21 panchayats in Kaviti mandal.
$$ Belagam is most important revenue village after Kaviti in the mandal.
National high way and Railway. It is only 7 km from Sompeta station on Howrah - Chennai main line.
also contribute a lot to the local economy.
References.
Belagam is village and gram panchayat in Kaviti Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873418" title="Kotabommali">
Kotabommali

Kotabommali is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Kotabommali mandal is bordered by Polaki, Santha Bommali, Tekkali, Saravakota and Jalumuru mandals of Srikakulam district.
Geography.
Kotabommali is located at . It has an average elevation of 28 meters (95 feet).
Kotabommali is located on National Highway 5.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Kotabommali mandal is as follows:
in 15,871 Households
Panchayats.
There are 38 panchayats in Kotabommali mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873421" title="Kotturu, Srikakulam">
Kotturu, Srikakulam

Kotturu is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. 
Kotturu is main road center and located close to border of Orissa.
Geography.
Kotturu is located at . It has an average elevation of 59 meters (196 feet).
Panchayats.
There are 33 panchayats in Kotturu mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873422" title="Lakshminarasupeta">
Lakshminarasupeta

Lakshminarasupeta is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9873423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873423" title="William Kerr (died 1741)">
William Kerr (died 1741)

The Hon. William Kerr (died 17 January 1741) was a British Army officer who also served as a Scottish Member of Parliament (MP) in the Parliament of Great Britain.
He was the third son of Robert Ker, 3rd Earl of Roxburghe, and brother of John Ker, 1st Duke of Roxburghe. He served with reputation on the Continent under John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough. In 1709 he was rewarded with the command of a regiment of dragoons (later the 7th Hussars), and on the accession of King George I he was appointed groom of the bedchamber to the Prince of Wales. He highly distinguished himself at the Battle of Sheriffmuir on 13 November 1715, where, according to contemporary accounts, he had three horses killed under him, was wounded in the thigh, and had his coat torn by a pistol bullet. The care and attention which he paid to the interests of his corps procured him the affection and esteem of the officers and soldiers.
He was promoted to the rank of brigadier-general in 1727, to that of major-general in 1735, and to that of lieutenant-general in 1739. At the time of his death he had commanded his regiment nearly thirty-two years.

</doc>
<doc id="9873424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873424" title="Laveru">
Laveru

Laveru () is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Laveru mandal is bordered by Ranastalam, Etcherla, Ponduru and Ganguvari Sigadam mandals of Srikakulam and Vizianagaram district.
Laveru is located on Subhadrapuram-Cheepurupalli road that connects National Highway-5 to Cheepurupalli railway station on Howrah-Chennai mainline.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Laveru mandal is as follows:
Villages.
The villages in Laveru mandal are :

</doc>
<doc id="9873426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873426" title="Meliaputti">
Meliaputti

Meliaputti or Meliyaputti is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Meliaputti mandal is bordered by Palasa, Nandigam, Tekkali and Pathapatnam mandals of Srikakulam district, and by Odisha state to the North.
Geography.
Meliyaputti is located at . It has an average elevation of 74 meters (246 feet).
River Mahendra tanaya flows besides the village.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Meliaputti mandal is as follows:
Revenue Villages and Panchayats.
There are 31 panchayats in Meliaputti mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873428" title="Nandigam, Srikakulam">
Nandigam, Srikakulam

Nandigam is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Nandigam mandal is bordered by Palasa, Vajrapu Kotturu, Santha Bommali, Tekkali and Meliaputti mandals of the Srikakulam district.
Geography.
Nandigama is located at 18.39N 84.18E. It has an average elevation of 11 meters (39 feet).
"Zillah Panchayat" :SRIKAKULAM."Intermediate Panchayat" : Nandigam."Number of Village Panchayats" : 37. 
Nandigam is a nearby village on the National Highway no: 5 from Tekkali towards Palasa.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Nandigam mandal is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9873429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873429" title="Redhill station">
Redhill station

Redhill station can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9873430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873430" title="Narasannapeta">
Narasannapeta

Narasannapeta is a town and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Narasannapeta mandal is bordered by Jalumuru, Sarubujjili, Srikakulam and Polaki mandals of Srikakulam district.
Geography.
Narsannapeta is located at . It has an average elevation of 18 meters (62 feet).
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Narasannapeta mandal is as follows:
Legislative Assembly.
Narasannapeta is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh. There are 1,29,078 registered voters in Narasannapeta constituency in 1999 elections.
'"List of Elected
members:"'
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 34 panchayats in Narasannapeta mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873431" title="Palakonda">
Palakonda

Palakonda or Palkonda is a town, Revenue Division and a mandal in the Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. It has been upgraded to Nagar Panchayat in March 2013 had an appro Population of 21,000 in 2011 census 
Palakonda mandal is bordered by Veeraghattam, Seethampeta, Burja and Regidi Amadalavalasa mandals of Srikakulam district.
Geography.
Palakonda is located at . It has an average elevation of 44 meters (147 feet).
Demography.
According to the Imperial Gazetteer of India, Palkonda Taluk was in Vizagapatnam district with a total area of . The cultivated land is irrigated by the Nagavali River. The Agency area contains about of Reserved Forest. The population in 1901 was 215,376 compared with 201,331 in 1891. There were two towns Palkonda and Razam and 334 villages. The Agency area had population of about 11,000 people, chiefly Savaras living in 106 villages. The greater part of Taluk was held on Ryotwari and belongs to Rajas of Bobbili and Vizianagram.
It was within Ganjam District of Orissa state till 1950 when Srikakulam district was formed.
Assembly constituency.
Palakonda is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh reserved for Scheduled Castes. There were 120,726 registered voters in this constituency in 1999 elections. Now from 2009 onwards the Assembly Constituency reservation changed to S.T.
List of elected members:
Features.
The Area Hospital (100 in-patients beds), Andhra Pradesh Vaidya Vidhana Parishad is located at Palakonda serves people of town and village around the town.
Palakonda is famous for its devotional places. There are two famous temples and two famous churches in the town.
Jagannadha Swami Alayam.
Jagannadha swami of Puri in Orissa god was established here in Palakonda. This temple was built centuries ago and very much famous for its "Ratha Yatra".
Kotadurga Alayam.
This is a famous historical temple. Before independence this area was ruled by Jathapu rajas belong to tribal Zamindars. In 1755 the raja Venkatapathi raju paid Rs.55,000/- as revenue to French Govt. through vizianagaram rajas. The zamindhars lost all their properties due to internal family conflicts (more than 20 years the court case ran in Madras high court) after that battle between Vijayanagaram and Bobbili Samsthanams against "lord Bussi of French Govt. with support of vizianagaram rajahs. Every thing was ruined and only 2 lakes and remnants of their houses and this durga temple remain at present. Krushna vallabha Dash, an Oriya Priest from Orissa and a devotee of Durga started worshiping here in 1947. People around Palakonda worshiped the goddess, Ghatalu (puja Bindelu) with turmeric water and this was the main attraction of folk people. Vijayadasami is the main Thai Pongal (festival) of this temple. KrupaSindhu Das son of Krushna vallabha Dash rehabilitated the temple to its original state. He took care of the temple followed by his three sons Purna Chandra Das, Sarath Chandra Das, Venkateshwara Das till 2001. After that, the Govt. of Andhra pradesh take into their possision.
Every year, Dasara navaratrulu (a festival of 9 days) are being conducted in Palakonda with great pomp and show in admiration of Goddess Kota Durga. This event has great cultural importance to this town and the mandals around it.
Sanari Vishweshwara Swamula Varu.
Sanari Visweswara Matham is situated at Komati Veeedhi situated behind Kota Durga Goddess. Sri Sanari Visweswara born around 240 years ago in Palakonda. His arrival is prophesized by none other than Sri Veera Brahmendra Swamy around 500 years ago who said that " Mother Earth would witness the arrival of Lord Siva in the form of Sri Sanari Visweswara who would become immortal but possesses the human body and living for ever to protect his disciples and he would show the third eye to one and all". Although Sri Veera Brahmam said much about him only a little reflected here. Sri Sanari Visweswara preached to the world how a Gruhastu can reach to pinnacle in Sadhana without going anywhere for the objective of Sadhana. Today his matham at Komathi Veedhi attracts many disciples from all quarters of the society and a lineage to many who would like to emulate. It is also a samadhi mandir of Annapurna matha wife of Sri Sanari Visweswara.
Revenue Division.
There are 13 mandals in Palakonda Revenue Division. They are Veeraghattam, Vangara, Regidi Amadalavalasa, Rajam, Santhakavati, Palakonda, Seethampeta, Bhamini, Kothuru, Hiramandalam, Saravakota, Pathapatnam and Meliaputti.
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 35 village panchayats in Palakonda Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873434" title="Palasa-Kasibugga">
Palasa-Kasibugga

Palasa-Kasibugga is a Municipality located in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. Palasa is a mandal. It is located on the National Highway 5 between Srikakulam and Berhampur. Palasa is the second largest town in the Srikakulam district with a population of 57,447. Palasa has an average literacy rate of 69%, second in the Srikakulam district.
Geography.
Palasa is located at 18.46N 84.25E. It has an average elevation of 38 meters (127 feet).
Economy.
"Agro exports"
There are around 200 Cashew processing industries around Palasa town, the highest amongst the northern coastal districts. These twin towns are the largest cashew producing towns of Andhra Pradesh and are among the largest processing centres in India. The cashew industry provides direct and indirect employment to about 15,000 people in the surrounding areas.
Hospitality.
The Community Health Centre, Andhra Pradesh Vaidya Vidhana Parishad is located here. It can hold 50 in-patients.
Transportation.
The railway station is common for both the towns. Even though the station is named "Palasa" it is located in Kasibugga. This station is one of the railway stations with highest revenue in the Khurda division of East Coast Railway zone. Palasa has a good transport facility from all major cities.
Tourism.
Palasa also has 3 beaches, Ratty, Akkupally & Thoturu (Hanuman Saagar Beach) beach which are nearly 7 km from Palasa railway station.
Schools and colleges.
Palasa-Kasibugga has good educational infrastructure for a Tier - 4 city. St. Francis De'sales school, Narayana E Techno School, Srichaitanya Techno School, Medha Grammar School, Bhasyam, and Ravindra Bharati are the best English medium schools in the city. Other notable schools include East Coast Railway Mixed High School, Grace Convent School, Padmavathi English medium school, Little Angels School, and BET. The Zilla Parishad High School is good as well, with a big ground. Recently schools like Sri Chaitanya Techno School, Ravindra Bharathi, and Bhashyam were also built in 2012. Eurokids International Pre-School, Smart School International were also built in 2010.
There are two engineering colleges in the town and lot of other degree colleges, both public and private. These form the hub for studies for all the villages surrounding the town. Narayanadora Junior & Degree College, SBSYM Degree College, Prajna Junior & Degree College, Pratiba College, Saisirisha College, Sri medha jr college, Shiridi Sai College, Govt. College, Prajna Institute Of Technology And Managemant and Shiva Rama Krishna College of Engineering & Technology are some of the colleges in Palasa. Narayana Junior College is the top college in the town, receiving the best results on the board exam.
One of oldest degree college in Kasibugga-Palasa is SBSYM Arts and Science Degree College.
Assembly constituency.
Palasa is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly. Palasa, Mandasa and Vajrapu Kotturu mandals comes under this jurisdiction.
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 19 village panchayats in Palasa Mandal:

</doc>
<doc id="9873435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873435" title="Pathapatnam">
Pathapatnam

Pathapatnam is town and mandal in Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India. Pathapatnam is located on the border of Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh and Gajapati district of Orissa. It is situated near river Mahendra Tanaya and surrounded with green forests, hills and agricultural fields.
Pathapatnam is an assembly constituency. The M.L.A. of Pathapatnam constituency is Satrucharla Vijaya Rama Raju. He served as Minister for Transport and as Minister for Forests and Environment in YS Rajasekhara Reddy's government. He is currently the Minister for Forest, Environment, Science & Technology.
The STD Code of Pathapatnam is 08946.The Pincode is 532213.
Population.
Pathapatnam Assembly constitution Current Population : 172467(2011)
Pathapatnam Town Population : 12,968 (2010)
Pathapatnam Town Population : 13,561 (2011)
Pathapatnam Mandal Population : 58,381(2011)
Education.
Pathapatnam schools List::
Pathapatnam Junior colleges list
Pathapatnam Degree colleges list::
Transport.
At present 4 trains are running on this line.
Assembly constituency.
Pathapatnam is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh. There are 1,27,757 registered voters in this constituency in 1999 elections.
It consists of 5 mandals. 
List of Elected Members:
Panchayats.
There are 34 panchayats in Pathapatnam mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873436" title="Polaki, Srikakulam">
Polaki, Srikakulam

Polaki is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Polaki mandal is bordered by Gara, Narasannapeta, Kotabommali and Santhabommali mandals of Srikakulam district and Bay of Bengal.
Geography.
Polaki is located at . It has an average elevation of 8 meters (26 feet) or 29 feet (9 meters).it is 26 km far away from district headquarters.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Polaki mandal is as follows:
Features.
There is a post office, a Government junior college, a Primary Health Center, Police station and a veterinary hospital at Polaki.
Villages.
The villages in Polaki mandal are :

</doc>
<doc id="9873437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873437" title="Regidi Amadalavalasa">
Regidi Amadalavalasa

Regidi, Amadalavalasa is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Panchayats.
There are 39 panchayats in Regidi Amadalavalasa mandal.
References.
belamam post amadalavalsa mandal

</doc>
<doc id="9873438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873438" title="Santha Bommali">
Santha Bommali

Santhabommali is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Santha Bommali mandal is bordered by Polaki, Kotabommali, Tekkali, Nandigam and Vajrapu Kotturu mandals of Srikakulam district and Bay of Bengal.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Santhabommali mandal is as follows:
Features.
Naupada village in Santhabommali mandal has salt fields.
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 34 village panchayats in Santa Bommali Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873439" title="Santhakavati">
Santhakavati

Santhakavati is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Santhakavati mandal is bordered by Rajam, Regidi Amadalavalasa, Burja, Amadalavalasa, Ponduru and Ganguvari Sigadam mandals of Srikakulam district.
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 35 village panchayats in Santhakaviti mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873440" title="Saravakota">
Saravakota

Saravakota is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Geography.
Saravakota is located at . It has an average elevation of 61 meters (203 feet).And it has 88 villages It is Famous for chupplu and Boyina Janardhana Rao,Boyina Adhinarayana Rao ,Boyina Sri Vithal Prasada rao are Famous personalities .

</doc>
<doc id="9873441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873441" title="Sarubujjili">
Sarubujjili

Sarubujjili is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Sarubujjili mandal is bordered by Burja, Seethampeta, Hiramandalam, Jalumuru and Narasannapeta mandals of Srikakulam district.
Features.
Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya is located in Vennelavalasa village. This is one of the many such educational institutions.
The mandal has undergone major territorial changes, on account of the formation of another nearby mandal, with its center in Laxmi Narasannapeta. There are three main parts of the Sarubujjili panchayat; these are the villages of Sarubujjili, Tubbulapeta and Nandikonda.
The major profession of the people is agriculture. The main river is the Vamsadhara river.
Srikakulam Road (Amudala valasa) is the nearest railway station.
There is a post office, a college and a school up to the tenth class, as well as one police station,
Community Health Centre of Andhra Pradesh Vaidya Vidhana Parishad with 10 in-patients is located here.
There is a veterinary hospital.
Politics.
Sarubujjili is under Amadalavalasa Assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh and Srikakulam Parliamentary constituency.
List of elected members.
Assembly candidates details:
Parliamentary Candidate details:
Panchayats.
There are 21 panchayats in Sarubujjili mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873443" title="Seethampeta">
Seethampeta

Seethampeta is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India. 
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Seethampeta mandal is as follows:
Villages.
The villages in Seethampeta mandal are :

</doc>
<doc id="9873445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873445" title="Tekkali">
Tekkali

Tekkali is a Town, Revenue Division and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Tekkali is also called Raghunathapuram in memory of Raghunath Deo, an ancient proprietor of the Tekkali estate.
Geography.
Tekkali is located at . It has an average elevation of 27 meters (91 feet).
Transport.
The nearest Airport is the Visakhapatnam_Airport, which is at a distance of 150 km. NH-5(chennai-kolkata) passes through the town. It is well connected with the nearest towns of nandigam, palasa, meliaputti, chapara, sompeta, mandasa, kaviti, itchapuram, narasannapeta, pathapatnam, paralakhemundi and the district capital srikakulam. Tekkali is 50 km distance from srikakulam.
There is a Railway station in the tekkali but only one train from Gunupur to Puri passes through it. The another nearest railway station at Nupada Jn.(NWP), on Visakhapatnam to Howrah track. Naupada Jn. is 4 km from the tekkali and has frequent transport facility.
Demography.
According to The Imperial Gazetteer of India Tekkali in 1901 was a Zamindari tahsil in Ganjam district of Madras province. It lies on the coast of Bay of Bengal with an area of 275 square miles. The population was 124,626 compared with 115,553 in 1891. The tahsil consists of Tekkali town and about 350 villages. Tekkali town with a population of 7,557 is situated on the puri-paralakhemundi broad gauge railway.
Assembly Constituency.
Tekkali is an assembly constituency in Andhra Pradesh. There are 1,45,921 registered voters in this constituency in 1999 elections.
List of Elected Members:
Revenue Division.
There are 12 mandals in Tekkali revenue division. They are Jalumuru, Tekkali, Kotabommali, Santhabommali, Nandigam, Vajrapukotturu, Palasa, Mandasa, Sompeta, Kanchili, Kaviti and Ichapuram.
Villages and Panchayats.
There are 27 panchayats in Tekkali mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873449" title="Vajrapu Kotturu">
Vajrapu Kotturu

Vajrapu-kotturu is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Vajrapukotturu mandal is bordered by Mandasa, Palasa, Nandigam and Santha Bommali mandals of Srikakulam district and has a long coastline off Bay of Bengal.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Vajrapu Kotturu mandal is as follows:
Panchayats.
There are 37 panchayats in Vajrapu Kotturu mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873450" title="Vangara, Srikakulam">
Vangara, Srikakulam

Vangara is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Transport.
Parvathipuram Town Railway Station is the nearest railway station (about 33 km). Parvathipuram can be reached by bus. Vizianagaram railway station is major railway station about 76 km distant.
Palakonda APSRTC Bus Station, Rajam APSRTC Bus Station and Parvathipuram APSRTC Bus Station are the nearest bus stations to Vangara. Busses run from various towns to Vangara.
Demographics of Vangara.
Telugu is spoken here. The population is 1653, 824 males and 829 female in 355 dwellings. The area is 248 hectares.
Revenue villages and panchayats.
There are 28 village panchayats in Vangara Mandal.

</doc>
<doc id="9873451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873451" title="Constance Lindsay Skinner">
Constance Lindsay Skinner

Constance Lindsay Skinner (December 7, 1877 – March 27, 1939) was a Canadian writer, critic, historian and editor best known for having conceived the Rivers of America Series for the publisher Farrar & Rinehart.
Early life and career.
Born Constance Annie Skinner on December 7, 1877, at Quesnel, British Columbia, Canada to Robert and Annie (Lindsay) Skinner, Skinner later substituted her mother's maiden name for the middle name that appeared on her birth certificate. Her father was an agent for the Hudson's Bay Company. 
In 1891 the family relocated to Vancouver, British Columbia. By this time, Skinner was already writing, completing her first published work, "Gederland", during her teen years. In 1893, Skinner went to live with her aunt in California. While little is known of her childhood, much of the history and many of the novels and stories she wrote in later years were related to the northwest, Canada, and the gold rush.
Between 1902 and 1907 she moved from California to New York City, where she expanded her repertoire to include plays and criticism. She was a regular theater critic for the New York Herald Tribune. While it is unclear when her first novel was published, by 1917, one of her novels, "Good-Morning Rosamond!", had been adapted into a three act comedy and performed at the Shubert Theatre.
Rivers of America series.
In 1936 Skinner became the architect and first editor of the Rivers of America Series for the publishers Farrar & Rinehart. In an essay published in the early volumes of the Series she described the Series as being an exploration and interpretation of American folklife through the history, exploration, and flow of America’s rivers. Originally conceived as 24 volumes, Skinner died March 27, 1939, from a coronary occlusion with arteriosclerosis. She died at her desk, editing the sixth volume in the Series, "The Hudson", by Carl Carmer. The Series would eventually reach 65 volumes. Her papers are at the New York Public Library.
The Women's National Book Association's Constance Lindsay Skinner Award was named in her honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9873452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873452" title="Veeraghattam">
Veeraghattam

Veeraghattam is a town located in Srikakulam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Veeraghattam is run under a mandal and is bordered by the Vangara, Regidi Amadalavalasa, Palakonda and Seethampeta mandals of Srikakulam district and Vizianagaram district. Veeraghattam is located between Palakonda and Parvathipuram.
Geography.
Veeraghattam is located near the Vatttigedda river. It has an average elevation of . Talavaram is the largest sub-village in this mandal.
Demographics.
According to the Indian census of 2001 the population is 63,882 (31,739 males and 32,143 females) in 14,939 households. 8,001 children are under the age of 6 (3,998 boys and 4,003 girls). The literacy rate was 47%.
Education.
Veeraghattam has a Governmental intermediate college and a Governmental high school. The Veeraghattam Z.P.H. school celebrated its 60th anniversary on August 15, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9873454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873454" title="Without Some Help. Net Edition">
Without Some Help. Net Edition

Without Some Help is a 2006 Internet download release by Alpha, which was available only through their website; a 12 track edition of the LP was available in mainstream music shops. Primarily comprising songs by other artists, which were remixed by Alpha, it also features collaborations between Alpha and four guest vocalists; Horace Andy, James Roberts, Kelvin Swaby from 'The Heavy', and long-term Alpha vocalist, Wendy Stubbs, who joined the band on a full-time basis shortly after this release. The download only version differs from the general release by the exclusion of "Yellow" by Coldplay, "Inertia Creeps" by Massive Attack, "Jack" by Edition (all remixed by Alpha) and the inclusion of an original Alpha track, "Ariel."

</doc>
<doc id="9873459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873459" title="Canarium australianum">
Canarium australianum

Canarium australianum is a species of trees, native to Australia and Papua New Guinea, of the plant family Burseraceae. Common names include mango bark, scrub turpentine, carrot wood, parsnip wood, Melville Island white beech and brown cudgerie.
Three varieties are recognised in the Australian Plant Census:
In Australia trees of all three varieties grow naturally widespread across northern regions, from sea level up to about altitude. In particular, growing in the Kimberley region of Western Australia, the Arnhem Land region of the Northern Territory, in north-eastern Queensland in the Wet Tropics region, further southwards from there as far as about Airlie Beach and further north in Cape York Peninsula and the Torres Strait Islands.
Full grown trees may grow up to about tall.

</doc>
<doc id="9873473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873473" title="Ginn Tribute Hosted by Annika">
Ginn Tribute Hosted by Annika

The Ginn Tribute hosted by Annika was a women's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour. Hosted by Hall of Fame golfer Annika Sörenstam, the event was played in 2007 and 2008 at RiverTowne Country Club in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.
With a purse of $2.6 million, it was one of the highest on the LPGA Tour at the time. The tournament was owned and sponsored by Bobby Ginn, President and CEO of The Ginn Company, a developer of golf and resort communities in the United States. Ginn also sponsored the Ginn Open on the LPGA Tour. 
Annual tribute.
Both year's event featured a tribute to a legendary member or members of the women's golf community. The honorees were celebrated in ceremonies during the tournament week.

</doc>
<doc id="9873480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873480" title="Dharmesh Tiwari">
Dharmesh Tiwari

Dharmesh Tiwari (born April 27, 1951 ) is a film director in India.
In 2001, he was Honorary General Secretary of Cine and TV Artistes Association.
In 2003, he was president of the Federation of Western India Cine Employees, a film worker's union.
Dharmesh also did the role of Jaswant Singh in as ABP News 26 episodes series of political show Pradhanmantri in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9873493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873493" title="Mindjet (software)">
Mindjet (software)

Mindjet (formerly named MindMan and MindManager) is a commercial team collaboration software application developed by the company Mindjet. In addition to collaborative elements, the software also provides ways for users to visualize information via the creation of mind maps. , Mindjet had approximately two million users, including notable clients such as Coca Cola, Disney, IBM and Walmart.
Features.
Like its predecessors MindMan and MindManager, the Mindjet software provides ways to visualize information via the creation of mind maps, while also providing tools to facilitate team communication, collaboration, and project management. By using cloud storage, Mindjet can propagate changes to mind maps or projects to all users, regardless of which platform users choose for access.
Mindjet uses a subscription-based payment model: rather than purchasing the software outright, users pay a monthly or annual fee for access to the program, which includes updates and new features.
Mindjet is available for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and via the web, as well as on the mobile Android and iOS platforms. Mindjet can also be run within an organization using Microsoft SharePoint.
Development.
The software that became Mindjet was originally developed by Mike Jetter in the mid-1990s while he was recovering from a bone marrow transplant to treat leukemia. Jetter's goal was to develop a program that would overcome the limitations of creating mind maps with pen and paper, such as the inability to easily move items around. Following his release from the hospital, Jetter decided to sell the software. The software's mind maps were initially based on the method created by Tony Buzan. Over time, however, Mindjet has developed its own style of mind mapping.
The software was originally marketed under the name "MindMan — The Creative MindManager". In 1999, it was rebranded as MindManager. Originally only available for Windows, MindManager expanded to Mac OS X in 2006. In 2011, mobile versions of MindManager were released for both iOS and Android. Later that year, the company acquired Thinking Space, an Android-based information mapping application, and Cohuman, a social task management service, which the company developed into a collaborative, cloud-based service to complement MindManager called Mindjet Connect.
In September 2012, the Mindjet company combined all of its software, including MindManager, Mindjet Connect, and its mobile offerings into a single product, also called Mindjet.
Reception and awards.
While still branded as MindManager, Mindjet received generally positive notice from reviewers. MindManager 8 received four out of five stars from TechRadar, while MindManager 9 received 3.5 out of 5 stars from "PC Magazine" and 4 out of 5 stars from "Macworld".
MindManager also received a number of awards, including "Collaboration Product of the Year" for 2008 by Intranet Journal, a Jolt Productivity award for Design and Modeling tools from Dr. Dobb's Journal, and "Best of CeBIT" in the Personal Software category in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9873496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873496" title="Manfred Roeder">
Manfred Roeder

Manfred Roeder (born 6 February 1929 in Berlin) is a former lawyer, Wehrmacht soldier, prominent Holocaust denier and convicted extreme-right activist.
Life.
Roeder attended a National Political Institute of Education in Plön. As a teenage soldier, he participates of the Battle of Berlin in 1945. After the Second World War he was for a time a member of Germany's CDU party. After leaving the party he forged ties with the far-right political scene in Germany and abroad, including the Ku Klux Klan. Roeder's career has been marked by an abundance of criminal charges, including resistance against state authority, and battery. In 1980 the "Deutschen Aktionsgruppen" ("German Action Groups"), a neo-Nazi organisation founded by Roeder, carried out attacks against buildings that housed foreign workers and asylum seekers. Roeder was classified as a terrorist by German legal authorities as a result of these activities.
In 1997 the current affairs program "Panorama" revealed that in 1995, Roeder had appeared, by invitation, as a speaker at the German military's officer training academy in Hamburg. This scandal, as well as the fact that Roeder had received financial donations from the military, led to the sacking of the academy's commander and the instatement of Rear-Admiral Rudolf Lange as his replacement, with the goal of restoring the good reputation of the academy.
In 1997 Roeder stood as the NPD candidate (a far-right party) for Stralsund in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern during the parliamentary elections, promoting himself as "Chancellor alternative 1998", but was unsuccessful.
Criminal record.
Because of his integral role in a terrorist organisation Roeder was sentenced to 13 years in prison in 1982, and was released in 1990, after serving two-thirds of his sentence, for good behaviour and a perceived social rehabilitation. In 1996 Roeder, together with other far-right extremists, perpetrated an attack on an exhibition in Erfurt detailing the role of the Wehrmacht in Nazi Germany, for which he was charged with property damage and fined DM-4,500. After being sentenced to prison by the state courts of Schwerin and Rostock under Germany's "Volksverhetzung" law (incitement to hatred), and for other crimes, he was given a further ten months in September 2004 by the state court of Frankfurt for contempt of the state. In February 2005 a further sentencing for the same crime was passed by the court of Schwalmstadt. On May 12, 2005 he began a prison sentence in Gießen, but he was released shortly after on health grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="9873498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873498" title="Paul Avery">
Paul Avery

Paul Avery (April 2, 1934December 10, 2000) was an American police reporter, best known for his stories on the infamous serial killer known as the Zodiac, and later for his work on the Patricia Hearst kidnapping.
Career.
Avery was born in Honolulu Hawaii, the son of U.S. Navy officer and pilot H. M. Avery and the former Frances Cannon. He was raised and educated in Honolulu, Oakland, California, and Washington, D.C.. Avery started his career in journalism in 1955, working at a variety of newspapers in Mississippi, Texas and Alaska before returning to Hawaii and hiring on at the Honolulu Advertiser where he was appointed the paper's Big Island bureau chief. He was 23 years old at the time. Avery joined the "San Francisco Chronicle" in 1959. In the 2nd half of the 1960s, Avery took a leave of absence from the "Chronicle" and moved his family to Vietnam. In Saigon, Avery co-founded Empire News, a freelance photojournalism organization. He expanded Empire News, opening a branch in Hong Kong, before returning to San Francisco, in 1969 after 3 years in Asia. In the mid-1980s, after working for "The Sacramento Bee" and writing a book about the Hearst kidnapping, he signed up with the then- Hearst-owned "San Francisco Examiner", where he stayed until his retirement in August 1994.
Zodiac killer.
Perhaps the most famous story of Avery's career was the Zodiac case, a series of killings—unsolved to this day—that began in December 1968 and ostensibly ended with the death of a San Francisco cab driver in October 1969. At the time, Avery was a police reporter at "San Francisco Chronicle".
For a long time, it was thought that the Zodiac's activities were limited to the Bay Area, but Avery discovered a 1966 murder in Riverside that he linked to the Zodiac.
The Zodiac soon wrote Avery (misspelled by the Zodiac as "Averly") a Halloween card, warning, "You are doomed." The front of the card read, "From your secret pal: I feel it in my bones/you ache to know my name/and so I'll clue you in . . ." Then inside: "But why spoil the game?" Just as quickly as the threat was made public, a fellow journalist made up hundreds of campaign-style buttons, worn by nearly everyone on "Chronicle" staff, including Avery, that said, "I Am Not Paul Avery." It was during this time that Avery began carrying a .38 caliber revolver.
Patty Hearst.
When Patricia Hearst was kidnapped in February 1974, Avery joined forces with "Chronicle" reporter Tim Findley to produce a series of stories detailing the kidnapping and writing about the members of the little-known band of revolutionaries called the Symbionese Liberation Army.
Avery covered the Hearst case until the newspaper heiress-turned-bank robber was arrested in September 1975. Avery then holed up on his houseboat at Gate 5 in Sausalito with Boston writer Vin McLellan to write "The Voices of Guns", a book on the SLA and the Hearst kidnapping."
Later life and death.
Despite his progressive illness with emphysema, Avery continued working in crime and journalism until the end of his life. After joining "The Sacramento Bee" in 1976, he discovered that authorities had wrongly charged an innocent man with murder and the reporter was instrumental in convincing detectives to drop the charges.
Avery died of pulmonary emphysema in West Sound, Washington. Avery's family scattered his ashes in the San Francisco Bay.
Personal life.
While covering the war in Vietnam, Avery suffered a spinal fracture when a falling tree limb knocked him from atop an armored personnel carrier.
At the time of his death, Avery was married to Margo St. James, a feminist organizer and founder of the prostitutes' rights group COYOTE (Call Off Your Old Tired Ethics). He has two daughters from an earlier marriage, Charlé Avery and Cristin Avery. He has a third daughter, Janet Anderson. 
2007 film.
Avery was portrayed in the 2007 film "Zodiac" by Robert Downey, Jr. The film details his involvement in the Zodiac case including his discovery of the 1966 Riverside murder, the threat on his life, the "I Am Not Avery" buttons, his involvement with cartoonist turned Zodiac expert Robert Graysmith, as well as his eventual physical decline, including his abuse of cocaine and alcohol, ending with a brief mention of his fatal illness.

</doc>
<doc id="9873536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873536" title="Ballylooby">
Ballylooby

Ballylooby (), is a village in the barony of Iffa and Offa West, County Tipperary in Ireland. It is also a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Waterford and Lismore.
Location.
Ballylooby is on the R668 regional road between Cahir and Clogheen, approximately half way between both towns. The village links two townlands, Knockannapisha (NE) and Knockane (Puttoge) (SW), the boundary between them being the Thonnoge River.
Transport.
The village is served by Ringalink community transport and on Sundays only by the Bus Éireann Cork city to Cahir route 245. The nearest railway station is Cahir railway station, 9 km distant.
Parish.
Catholic Parish of Ballylooby and Tubrid
According to Power's history, 'Place-names of Decies', this modern parish includes the ancient parishes of Whitechurch, Tubrid, and Tullaghorton (Castlegrace) with a section that was once the western portion of Rochestown It extends from the summit of the Galtees
in the north, to the summit of the Knockmealdown range in the south. The parish has two churches, at Ballylooby village and Duhill respectively. The Catholic church is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin and St.
Kieran. Mass is also celebrated at the recently renovated church at Duhill.
The Village.
The first church built in the village of Ballylooby ran East- West, on the site of the present structure. Its orientation was at right angles to the current building, constructed in 1813 by Rev. John Burke. The site of the old church was too small for the growing congregation, and so an extra twenty-six perches were bought from Patrick Burke. The land deal did not go smoothly and the latter erected a wall within the church and sought writs for trespass against those who crossed it. The heated disagreement lasted for several years but was eventually settled, and the wall removed in due course.
St. Kieran's was remodelled (all but rebuilt), in 1929 by the parish priest M. Walsh. It was funded by local subscription, and many of the pews and stained glass windows bear the names of local families that sponsored them.
The present Parish Hall, adjacent to the church and bridge was once the village school, or more correctly schools. Both the boys and girls classes, though operating under one roof, were administered separately.
R.I.C Barracks 
The Royal Irish Constabulary operated a barracks in the village for many years. It was sold to the local school-master, Michael Keating, by District Inspector Gilbert Potter in 1919 and so avoided damage by the Third Tipperary Brigade, during the Irish War of Independence., In December 1920, the barracks fleetingly became the focus of international attention when Daniel Francis Crowley and John Tangney, both ex-R.I.C Constables formerly stationed there, testified before the American Commission on Conditions in Ireland. They dramatically gave their reasons for quitting the force as the "brutality and lawlessness" of the contemporary administration, particularly the Black and Tans, as witnessed by them on their transfer from Ballylooby to Clogheen Barracks.
Places of local interest.
Duhill Church
Duhill church, the building of which was commenced in 1829 and completed in 1830, is dedicated to St. John the Baptist (Decollation). It was renovated at a cost of £1 000 in 1929. The Parochial Registers begin with the year 1828.
Duhill church features two excellent examples of Harry Clarke's artistic achievements with stained glass. Created in 1925, they are located in the sanctuary, to the left and right of the altar, and depict Salome 'presenting' the head of John the Baptist to Herod and the Lourdes apparition."The Holy Family" is a window executed by noted artist Hubert McGoldrick, and was also commissioned in 1925. 
The mortuary chapel at Tubrid is the burial place of Seathrún Céitinn (Geoffrey Keating), a 17th-century Counter-Reformation priest of the parish and Gaelic historian of national repute. It is located just over 5 kilometres from Ballylooby.
Sport.
Ballylooby is of local notability primarily for the Ballylooby-Castlegrace Gaelic Athletic Association Club.[http://ballylooby-castlegrace.tipperary.gaa.ie/] The GAA club competes at junior hurling level and intermediate football level.Thomas Ryan, a native of the area, represented County Tipperary at the ill-fated match against Dublin on Bloody Sunday (1920). Ryan was also a member of the IRA and fought in the Irish War of independence. Tommy O'Connor was also a member of the Tipperary team at this time. In the centre of the village, there is a memorial to Ned Tobin, who achieved national fame as a track and field athlete, particularly in throwing the 56 pound weight "without follow". It is listed as S290, one of several protected structures in Ballylooby.

</doc>
<doc id="9873553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873553" title="Anti-poetry">
Anti-poetry

Anti-poetry is an art movement that attempts to break away from the normal conventions of traditional poetry. Early proponents of anti-poetry include Nicanor Parra and Elias Petropoulos.
Parra, known as the father of anti-poetry, published his first collection of antipoems in 1954 ("Poemas y antipoemas") and sought to reject the belief that verse holds any mystical power. The poems have been described as prose-like, irreverent, and illuminating the problems of human existence.
Elias Petropoulos had tried to describe the art of "Anti-poetry". This was in his “notebook” Indeed in Berlin; containing verses that included intentionally made mistakes in regard to prosody, grammar and rhyme. The inspiration for many of Mr. Petropoulos poems had been the harsh, and sad atmosphere of the wall divided German metropolis where he was residing. Mr. Petropoulos had long come to the conclusion that poetry about love and desires was becoming too gentle for the literature of modern age. Rather it was time to introduce anti-poetry by incorporating anti-sentimentalism feelings and reaction within poems.
Early History.
During 5th century B.C theatrical Sketches called Mimes were being introduced with ideas and languages that were determined to be Anti-plays. There had been times when poets would turn against his/her own poetry in an antagonistic way. Anti poetry can be found and cited from the first poets of Italy and also (Dante, follow by Petrarch) as well as some other places in Europe. They had made the decision to compose verses in vernacular rather than Latin; they were behaving in an anti-poetic manner. Many Playwrights which include both William Shakespeare and Moliere were some of the writers cited for using "Anti-poetry" within their work now and then in the midst of a verse play.
Anti-Poetry is a way poets attempt to differentiate what is to be known as “normal” or “traditional” poetry. Oftentimes poems are stereotyped to be simple, sweet, romantic, etc. Anti-poetry is used to change that. Some anti-poetry poems are the reality that surrounds us every day. Poets use their words to make us open our eyes and realize everything we pretend not to see. “The poet who sees only those details that flatter our fondest hopes has one eye closed to reality. But no more so than the poet who sees only what is ugly or shocking.” (WW: pg 69) Reading poems can be misleading. Shakespeare is one of the many poets who used Anti-Poetry in his writings.
Shakespeare’s “Sonnet 130″ and “Winter” are perfect examples of anti-poetry. (Western Wind: An Introduction To Poetry Pg’s. 68 & 71)
Sonnet 130 by William Shakespeare
"My mistress’ eyes are nothing like the sun; Coral is far more red than her lips’ red; If snow be white, why then her breasts are dun; If hairs be wires, black wires grow on her head ... And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare As any she belied with false compare."
Winter by William Shakespeare
"When icicles hang by the wall,
And Dick the shepherd blows his nail,
And Tom bears logs into the hall,
And milk comes frozen home in pail,
When blood is nipp’d, and ways be foul,
Then nightly sings the staring owl,
To-whit! To-who!—a merry note,"
David Mason, John F. Nims. Western Wind: An Introduction to Poetry 5th ED. New York: McGraw-Hill, 2006. Print.

</doc>
<doc id="9873576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873576" title="Decio Azzolino">
Decio Azzolino

Decio Azzolino (11 April 1623 – 8 June 1689) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal, code-breaker, investigator and leader of the "Squadrone Volante".
Early life.
Azzolino was born at Fermo, the son of Pompeo Azzolino and Giulia Ruffo. He was the great-nephew of Cardinal Decio Azzolino, "the elder" and is thus often referred to as Cardinal Decio Azzolino, "the younger". 
He received doctorates in philosophy, law and theology from University of Fermo.
As an agent of Donna Olimpia.
These skills, among others, led to Azzolino becoming the principal Vatican decoder; responsible for cracking ciphers used in correspondence. He was also an able investigator. When the Kingdom of Naples was made aware of invasion plans (via the Kingdom of Spain), it was Azzolino who (in February 1654) concluded that the breach must have come from Camillo Astalli, the Pope's Cardinal-Nephew. Though likely accurate, his conclusion was convenient - Astalli was a rival for power to Azzolino's own patron, Olimpia Maidalchini. Contemporary John Bargrave noted that there were plenty of spies within the Vatican but that none excelled at the task more than Azzolino.
Cardinalate.
Later in 1654, because of this service he rendered to the pope, Azzolino was himself elevated to Cardinal and was made Cardinal-Priest of the Church of Sant'Adriano al Foro (Curia Julia), in Rome.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1655 which elected Pope Alexander VII. Azzolino was the leader of the independent liberal movement "Squadrone Volante" which played a role in engineering the result of the conclave in favour of an anti-nepotism candidate. Azzolino's "Squadrone" is also thought to have engineered the election of Giulio Rospigliosi as Pope Clement IX at the papal conclave of 1667. Rospigliosi, who had been Cardinal Secretary of State rewarded Azzolino by immediately (one the night of his election, in fact) appointing him to the position, giving further credence to the rumour.
He died in Rome and is buried in the oratorium of the Church of Santa Maria in Vallicella.
Azzolino and Christina.
Azzolino was appointed Queen Christina of Sweden's representative within the Catholic Church. After her death, Azzolino inherited many of her artworks, including Correggio's "Danaë" and Titian's "Venus and Adonis". Some have speculated that he and Christina were in love with one another, though their relationship was never made public. It seems those in the Vatican, at least, knew of the relationship. Bargrave, again, suggested that Azzolino was sent to Romania by Pope Alexander in order to avoid public perception that a relationship was ongoing.
In a letter to Azzolino, Christina wrote in French that she would never offend God or give Azzolino reason to take offence, but this "does not prevent me from loving you until death, and since piety relieves you from being my lover, then I relieve you from being my servant, for I shall live and die as your slave". His replies were more reserved.

</doc>
<doc id="9873597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873597" title="Selleys">
Selleys

Selleys is an Australian company which produces household DIY and cleaning products as well as adhesives and sealants for the trade market. It is widely known for recent products such as Selleys Liquid Nails, Selleys No More Gaps and Selleys All Clear. Selleys Metallic Cement and Selleys UniFix preceded these products. Many of their products are sold throughout Asia and have become extremely popular in households Australia-wide due to their durability and availability.
History.
Martin Selley established the Selleys Chemical Company after he left Germany for Australia in 1939. He had a formula for wood Putty which he and his wife mixed up in the laundry sink and sold to hardware stores and glaziers. He then launched two more products, Selleys Metallic Cement, and Selleys Unifix, which are still available today, as is the Wood Putty. The huge success of the company was slow to arrive, but as DIY became more popular, the Selleys product range expanded to meet demands, and eventually Selleys were selling adhesives, sealants and much more, and the Selley's slogan, "If it's Selleys, it works," ( which was conceived in the lounge room of Doug Stewart at 45 Goodwin Tce. Moorooka, Brisbane) became recognised by most people.Doug Stewart (Chief Consultant and Rep for Selleys in Queensland from 1959 to 1977) was sent to Sydney to oversee the use of Selleys Unifix to secure the tiles on the Sails of the Sydney Opera House during construction.
Selleys is now a subsidiary of DuluxGroup, an Australian listed company on the S&P/ASX 200.

</doc>
<doc id="9873600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873600" title="Florida State Road 526">
Florida State Road 526

State Road 526 (SR 526) is a east–west route in the Orlando MSA, located entirely in Orange County. It runs from State Road 50 in Ocoee, to State Road 15, the frontage roads of State Road 408, in Orlando. After the western terminus of SR 526, State Road 50, it becomes SR 439. Between US 17 and the western terminus, it is known as County Road 526, and locally known as Old Winter Garden Road. It crosses State Road 408 twice. At the overpass of Interstate 4, State Road 526 runs north–south for 1 block. It then heads into Downtown Orlando via Robinson Street and follows the northern shore of Lake Eola. SR 526 next intersects State Road 15. At the Orlando Executive Airport, it heads north–south and then ends at State Road 15, the frontage roads of State Road 408.

</doc>
<doc id="9873615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873615" title="A. Palanisamy">
A. Palanisamy

A. Palanisamy (died November 12, 2007) was a volleyball player from Tamil Nadu, India. He represented the country in the Asian Games in early 60's. He hailed from Kallampatti near Melur, Madurai district, Tamil Nadu. He was nicknamed as Black Panther because of his ferocious attacks in 1962 Asian games held in Jakarta. He was named Asia's No 1 player in 1962. He was the first player to receive the Arjuna Award in 1961 in the volleyball category. He was the coach for Sivaganga district in Tamil Nadu before retiring in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9873621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873621" title="Merlin Entertainments">
Merlin Entertainments

Merlin Entertainments PLC is a British operator of visitor attractions. It is the largest such company in Europe, and globally the second largest after Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
Headquartered in Poole, Dorset, Merlin Entertainments operates 100 attractions, 9 hotels and 3 holiday villages in 22 countries, and on four continents. In 2012, the company's properties hosted an estimated 54 million guests, making it the second-most visited theme park operator in the world, behind only Walt Disney Parks and Resorts. While attendance figures are less than half of Disney's, visitor growth is strong and 2011 saw a rise of 13.2 percent. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History.
In December 1998, Nick Varney, Andrew Carr and the senior management team of Vardon Attractions completed a management buyout of the company to form Merlin Entertainments Group Ltd. with the backing of the private equity firm Apax Partners. Apax sold the company to another financial investor, Hermes Private Equity, in 2004.
Legoland.
When the Legoland theme parks came up for sale, Varney wanted to buy it but Hermes did not want to invest more capital and sold Merlin to Blackstone Group for about £110 million. Blackstone negotiated to buy control of Legoland for about £250 million and then merged it with Merlin.
Under Blackstone, Merlin went on to buy Gardaland, an Italian amusement park, and then The Tussauds Group, owner of the Madame Tussauds celebrity wax attractions, for £1 billion. After the Tussauds acquisition, Dubai International Capital held 20% of Merlin Entertainment.
Tussauds.
The buyout of Tussauds was completed on 22 May 2007. The Tussauds Group as a separate entity has ceased to exist, with control of its attractions, including Madame Tussauds, The London Eye, Chessington World of Adventures, Alton Towers, Thorpe Park and Heide Park among others, passing to Merlin.
On 17 July 2007, as part of the financing for the Tussauds deal, Merlin sold the freeholds of Alton Towers, Thorpe Park, Warwick Castle and Madame Tussauds to private investor Nick Leslau and his investment firm Prestbury. Although the attractions are owned by Leslau, they continue to be operated by Merlin, leasing each back on a renewable 35-year lease. Chessington World of Adventures (the fifth Tussaud's attraction) was not included in the deal. By arranging the sale-leaseback of the properties and giving Dubai International Capital a stake in the combined entity, Merlin was able to acquire Tussauds without the need for any further capital investments from Blackstone or its other shareholders.
On 15 January 2010, Merlin Entertainments bought a defunct Winter Haven, Florida-based theme park, and reopened it as a branch of the internationally franchised Legoland theme park.
Australasia.
In late 2010, it was announced that Merlin would purchase approximately A$115 million worth of entertainment attractions located in Australia and New Zealand from Village Roadshow Theme Parks and Attractions. The sale would include Sydney Aquarium, Sydney Wildlife World, Oceanworld Manly, Sydney Tower and the Koala Gallery in Australia, in addition to Kelly Tarlton's Underwater World in New Zealand. On 3 March 2011, the deal was finalised. This was followed by the $140 million acquisition of Living and Leisure Australia which owned several attractions in the Asia-Pacific region including UnderWater World, Melbourne Aquarium, Falls Creek Alpine Resort, Hotham Alpine Resort, Otway Fly, Illawarra Fly, Busan Aquarium and Siam Ocean World. The attractions will eventually be refurbished to match Merlin Entertainments' brands.
Listing.
Merlin had planned to go public in early 2010, but market turbulence postponed those plans. Instead, Blackstone sold 20% of the company to the private equity firm CVC Capital Partners, reducing Blackstone's holding to 34%. CVC acquired another 8% from the Dubai investment fund, giving it 28% in all. KIRKBI, a Danish family trust that owns LEGO, also increased its stake, emerging as the largest shareholder, with 36%. CVC paid a price that valued Merlin at £2.25 billion – more than six times what Merlin and Legoland together were worth when Blackstone acquired them five years earlier. Blackstone's investment was by that point worth more than three and a half times what it had paid.
On 8 November 2013 Merlin floated 30% of the company on the London Stock Exchange valuing the private equity-backed company at almost £3.4bn.
Attractions.
Legoland Theme Parks.
Legoland resort theme parks include Legoland Billund, Legoland Deutschland, Legoland Malaysia, Legoland Windsor, Legoland California and Legoland Florida. Three further Legoland parks are being developed: Legoland Dubailand, Legoland Japan and Legoland Korea.
There are also Legoland Discovery Centres, indoor 2-3 hour attractions also based on LEGO bricks in Toronto, Berlin, Oberhausen, Tokyo, Manchester, Atlanta, Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, Kansas City and Westchester, New York. Opening in 2015, Legoland Discovery Centre Istanbul, Announced 8th April 2014.
Madame Tussauds.
Celebrity wax attractions built around the original Madame Tussauds London, found in Blackpool, Sydney, Vienna, Berlin, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Amsterdam, Shanghai, Bangkok, Hollywood, Las Vegas "(at the Venetian Resort)", New York City, and Washington, DC. Five further Madame Tussauds are being developed: San Francisco "(opening 2014)", Orlando "(opening Early 2015)", Beijing "(opening 2014)" and Sentosa Resort in Singapore "(opening November 2014)".
Resort Theme Parks.
Resort theme parks include:
Sea Life Centres.
Sea Life Centres are sealife-themed attractions. As of December 2013 there were about 50 centres located around the world, with others under construction. Sea Life locations include: Manly Sea Life Sanctuary "(formerly Ocean World Manly)", Sea Life Melbourne Aquarium, UnderWater World Sea Life Aquarium in Mooloolaba, Sea Life Sydney Aquarium, Kelly Tarlton's Sea Life Aquarium in New Zealand, Busan Aquarium "(acquired 2012)", Shanghai Chang Feng Ocean World "(acquired 2012 from Living and Leisure Australia Group)", Siam Ocean World "(acquired 2012)", TurkuaZoo in Istanbul, National Sea Life Bray in Ireland, National Sea Life Centre in Birmingham and the London Aquarium. Sea Life Centres can also be found as part of Legoland Billund, Legoland Deutschland, Legoland California, Gardaland, Chessington World of Adventures and Alton Towers resorts.
Other Sea Life locations include Blankenberge in Belgium, Helsinki, Val d'Europe "(near Disneyland Paris)", Berlin, Hanover, Königswinter, Konstanz, München, Oberhausen, Speyer, Timmendorfer Strand, Jesolo in Rome "(opening 2014)", Scheveningen (Netherlands), Porto, Benalmádena in Spain, Blackpool, Brighton, Great Yarmouth, Manchester, Scarborough, Weymouth, Loch Lomond, Phoenix, Mall of America in Minneapolis, Kansas City, Dallas/Fort Worth and Orlando.
Additionally, Merlin operate two Wild life centres in Australia, Hamilton Island Wildlife Park and Wild Life Sydney, and a number of Seal sanctuaries: Gweek "(Cornish Seal Sanctuary)", Hunstanton "(Hunstanton Sea Life Sanctuary)", Oban "(Scottish Sea Life Sanctuary)", Manley Sea Life Sanctuary, Australia
Other attractions.
Further attractions include:
Hotels and business centres.
Merlin operates nine hotels and three holiday villages in conjunction with the Legoland parks and resort theme parks. In addition, the group operates a camping in the grounds of Warwick Castle, which opened in 2013.
In addition, the group owns and operates camping in the grounds of Warwick Castle, which opened in 2013.
Pass systems.
Merlin have many annual pass systems, which offer multiple visits within a one year period, the annual passes can either provide entry to one or all attractions. Merlin Annual VIP Pass includes unlimited entry to all Merlin attractions globally, unlimited "fast-track" at all Merlin attractions, unlimited drinks, behind the scene tours, etc.
Controversies.
Australia.
On 28 June 2013, Merlin Australia's Madame Tussauds in Sydney controversially placed a wax figure of the former Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, into a mock queue of a Centrelink office in central Sydney. Deposed by the Australian Labor Party in the evening of 26 June, and replaced by Kevin Rudd, the publicity stunt drew wide attention, but was widely condemned for the disrespect shown to the office of the Prime Minister, and the first female leader of Australia.
England.
In October 2013 Merlin's Thorpe Park attraction was involved in controversy when mental health campaigners accused it of putting profit before the welfare of those with mental illness. Its Halloween attractions included mazes which 'draw on classic horror film content'. Sitting alongside 'The Cabin in the Woods', 'SAW Alive', 'My Bloody Valentine', 'The Blair Witch Project' and 'You're Next' was 'The Asylum' maze, complete with 'scary patients who had taken over the Asylum'. Coming just weeks after controversies involving supermarket chains Asda and Tesco the attraction was contrasted unfavourably in some media, Twitter and by mental health campaigners who believed The Asylum perpetrated stigmatising and damaging images of mental illness Thorpe Park said "No offence was ever intended, it is not nor was it ever intended to be a realistic interpretation of a mental health or any other institution. We have taken this debate extremely seriously, and will take all of the points raised into account when planning any future events for 2014."

</doc>
<doc id="9873626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873626" title="Soma Quality Recordings">
Soma Quality Recordings

Soma Quality Recordings (more commonly known as Soma Records) is a Scottish techno and house label co-founded in 1991 by the electronic music duo Slam. The label is known for releasing Daft Punk's first tracks from their 1997 album "Homework".

</doc>
<doc id="9873630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873630" title="Xavier Villaurrutia Award">
Xavier Villaurrutia Award

The Xavier Villaurrutia Award (Premio Xavier Villaurrutia) is a prestigious literary prize given in Mexico, to a Latin American writer published in Mexico. Founded in 1955, it was named in memory of Xavier Villaurrutia.
Multiple awards have been given in some years. No award was made in 1968, when it was suspended in recognition of the imprisonment of José Revueltas who had won the award in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="9873642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873642" title="John Maule (MP)">
John Maule (MP)

John Maule (1706 – 2 July 1781) was a Scottish Member of Parliament in the British House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="9873652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873652" title="Charles C. Doig">
Charles C. Doig

Charles Chree Doig (1855-1918) trained as an architect and is most famous for his Doig Ventilator, more commonly known as a pagoda, that is used to improve the efficiency of distilleries by drawing off peat smoke in the malting process.
Doig is credited with designing 56 Scotch whisky distilleries including Balblair, Dufftown, Pulteney, Speyburn and Aberlour.

</doc>
<doc id="9873655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873655" title="Joseph Caprani">
Joseph Caprani

Joseph Desmond Caprani (born 27 May 1920 in Dublin) is a former Irish cricketer. A right-handed batsman he made his debut for Ireland in June 1948 against Yorkshire and went on to play for them seven times in all, including five first-class matches. His last game was against Scotland in June 1960.
After retiring as a player, he became an umpire, umpiring a match between Ireland and Scotland in 1975. He also served as president of the Irish Cricket Union in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="9873660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873660" title="Committee for the Relief of the Black Poor">
Committee for the Relief of the Black Poor

The Committee for the Relief of the Black Poor was a charitable organization founded in London in 1786 to provide sustenance for distressed people of African and Asian origin. It became a crucial organization in the subsequent proposal to form a colony in Sierra Leone.
The Black Poor in 18th-century England.
The "Black Poor" was the name given in the late 18th century to indigent residents of London who were of Black ancestry. The Black Poor had diverse origins. The core of the community were people who had been brought to London as a result of Atlantic slave trade, sometimes as slaves or indentured servants who had served on slave ships. At the time, Black American sailors served on both navy and merchant ships. The Black Poor had become a rare but noticeable sight on the streets of London. Most of the Black Poor lived in impoverished East End parishes, or in Seven Dials and Marylebone. They formed part of the broader Black British community, which predominantly consisted of people employed at menial urban jobs, but had prominent members such as Ignatius Sancho and Olaudah Equiano. While the broader community included some women, the Black Poor seem to have exclusively consisted of men, some of whom developed relationships with local women and often married them.
Relief efforts.
On 5 January 1786 an announcement appeared in the "Public Advertiser" that Mr. Brown, a baker in Wigmore Street, Cavendish Square, was to "give a Quartern Loaf to every Black in Distress, who will apply on Saturday next between the Hours of Twelve and Two". Details followed that enabled people to subscribe. A meeting was organised for 10 January and by the end of the month, a group had summarised the situation. Originally concern was expressed about Lascars, Asian seamen. But, the group found that there were about 250 "Blacks in Distress," of whom only 35 came from the East Indies, the others being from Africa or the West Indies. One hundred men said they had been in the Royal Navy. In common with other responses to serious social problems, the issue was addressed by concerned citizens who set up appeals and fund-raising lists, e.g. there was also a subscription list to support distressed weavers in Spitalfields.
After the original meeting, held in the premises of Mr Faulder, a bookseller of Bond Street, the following meetings were held in Batson's Coffee House, opposite the Royal Exchange. The effort attracted some prominent figures from London's financial elite: George Peters, Governor of the Bank of England, Thomas Boddington, the noted philanthropist and slave owner, John Julius Angerstein, General Robert Melville. Montagu Borgoyne was the original chair person, but after a few weeks his business interests took him away from London and he was replaced by Benjamin Johnson, who in turn suffered ill-health and was replaced by Jonas Hanway. The abolitionists Samuel Hoare and two of the three Thornton brothers, Henry and Samuel, were also involved, along with James Pettit Andrews and Sir Joseph Andrews.
On 14 February "The Morning Herald" remarked:
When the appeal was closed on 18 April, a total of £890 1s had been raised. Donors included many bishops and clergy, including Herbert Mayo and William Pitt. Aside from general benevolence, this cause attracted particular sympathy because so many were Black Loyalists who had served in the British armed forces and been resettled in London after the American Revolution. The largest donation was collected from among the Quakers by Samuel Hoare.
The Committee soon organised two venues for regular distribution of alms: the White Raven tavern in Mile End and the Yorkshire Stingo, in Lisson Grove, Marylebone. These venues were open for several hours a day providing outdoor relief. There was also a sick house set up in Warren Street, where 40-50 men needing medical attention were provided for with indoor relief. Some of the recipients of aid were found jobs, particularly as seamen. In providing clothes so that men could get work as sailors, some of the committee members were simply applying the same charitable methods they had used in organisations such as the Marine Society. But, the shortage of work at sea meant that unemployment remained a problem. Surplus labour was drifting in from the countryside, and many English people also took up begging in London. Lacking the resources to set up any new industry, the Committee took heed of such individuals as Richard Weaver who was "willing and desirous to go to Halifax and other Parts of Nova Scotia where there is a fairer Prospect of Employment" (see Black Nova Scotians). Soon the charity focused its goals on giving "a temporary relief to the objects of the Charity, and in future to provide them with clothes and a settlement abroad" . . . "to such places as may put them in a condition of getting their bread in freedom and comfort".
Migration to Sierra Leone.
The committee also was instrumental in the transfer of Black Poor to Sierra Leone. Historians differ as to whether a desire to remove black people from London was a principal goal of the committee or whether it was more focused on strictly altruistic goals. Although there was a prevalent view among contemporary White West Indians that racial intermarriage was abhorrent, this was not a significant viewpoint in London at this time. However, the chair of the committee did write to the Standing Committee of West India Planters and Merchants requesting their advice and assistance in procuring an act of parliament to "prevent any Foreign Blacks being brought to this country to remain", though not much came of this proposal.
By the end of October 1786, three transport ships were commissioned and docked at Deptford. The applicants for the settlement were to sign an agreement, agreeing to the condition that they would retain the status of British subjects, to be defended by the Royal Navy. They were then given a document granting the citizenship of Sierra Leone. On 9 April 1787 the ships left Portsmouth with about 280 Black men, 70 White women, and 40 Black women. They were accompanied by some English tradesmen. The white women were most likely the wives and girlfriends of Black men. Today the descendants of the Black Poor are the Sierra Leone Creole people. The ones that could finish the voyage arrived off the shore of Sierra Leone on 15 May 1787.

</doc>
<doc id="9873671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873671" title="Battle of Helsingborg">
Battle of Helsingborg

The Battle of Helsingborg (February 28, 1710) was Denmark's failed and final attempt to regain the Scanian lands, lost to Sweden in 1658.
On the Ringstorp heights northwest of Helsingborg, 14,000 Danish invaders under Jørgen Rantzau were decisively defeated by an equally large Swedish army under Magnus Stenbock.
Prelude.
Denmark had been forced out of the Great Northern War by the treaty of Traventhal in 1700, but had long planned on reopening hostilities with the goal of reconquering the lost provinces Scania, Halland and Blekinge. After the Swedish defeat at Poltava in 1709, the Danes saw an opportunity and declared war on Sweden the same year. The declaration of war arrived at the Swedish state council on October 18, 1709. The pretext given were that Sweden had been cheating with the Sound Dues, and that the population of Scania, Halland, Blekinge and Bohuslän had been mistreated.
In late fall 1709, an enormous Danish fleet gathered in Øresund, and on November 2 the a landing was made off Råå. The Danish invasion army was led by general Christian Ditlev Reventlow and consisted of 15,000 men divided into six cavalry regiments, four dragoon regiments, eight infantry regiments and six artillery companies. It was met with virtually no resistance from the Swedes. The Swedish army was in terrible shape after Poltava, when several regiments had been completely annihilated. The work on reconstructing and recruiting the regiments had begun immediately after Poltava, but by late summer 1709, Magnus Stenbock only had one Scanian regiment in battle-fit condition. The Swedish counterattack would have to wait and the army retreated into Småland. In the beginning of December, the Danes controlled almost all of central Scania except for Landskrona and Malmö. Their objective was to take the naval base at Karlskrona in Blekinge, and the Danish army worked its way quickly into Sweden. In January 1710, it defeated a smaller Swedish force outside Kristianstad.
Stenbock had frantically tried to gather a new Swedish army and several new regiments had begun to assemble in Växjö, from where Stenbock had planned to march. The raw recruits were exercised daily on the ice of a frozen lake close to the city. By February 5 Stenbock had moved to Osby where additional units joined in. By now, about 16,000 men were part of his host. Helsingborg was the key to Scania and Stenbock intended on marching over Rönneå to Kävlingeån, in doing so cutting off the Danish supply lines.
The Danish commander Reventlow saw the threat and turned immediately to meet the Swedes, but when they reached Ringsjön in central Skåne, Reventlow was suddenly taken ill and had to yield command to lieutenant-general Jørgen Rantzau. Rantzau feared being wedged between the Swedish army and the Swedish garrison in Malmö and therefore moved towards Helsingborg. Once in the city, Rantzau could be reinforced and when he camped his force amounted to 10,000 foot soldiers and 4,000 horsemen. Stenbock received the news of the Danish march too late and had to race to Helsingborg. The night of February 28, he camped northeast of the city. The Swedish army was at the time as large as the Danish army, with more cavalry and fewer infantry.
The battle.
On the morning of February 28 Stenbock marched south towards Helsingborg. When he approached the Danish positions he ordered his army to take battle positions. A thick morning fog lay over the area and hid the two parties from each other. When the fog lifted the two commanders could review over their respective armies. Rantzau saw that the Swedish army outflanked his own left flank in the west and was forced to reinforce it quickly. Rantzau had deployed his artillery on the heights of Ringstorp, from where he started firing at the Swedish troops at noon.
Instead of profiting from the weak Danish west flank Stenbock instead turned his army eastward to the Danish right flank. This was perceived by the Danes as an attempt to encircle the Danish eastern flank, and to prevent this it marched further east which opened up gaps in the Danish line that couldn't be filled. In the east, by Brohuset, the first skirmishes took place. The Swedes were repelled and Swedish commander Burenskiöld was captured. However, the rest of the Swedish east flank was able to improve the situation and soon the Danes were at a disadvantage. Rantzau participated in the fighting personally, not thinking of the direction of the battle, and was eventually wounded by a bullet through the lung. At the same time a rumor developed in the Danish east flank that the Swedes had encircled them and were attacking from behind, which caused the entire formation to collapse with the troops fleeing towards Helsingborg.
Rantzau's disappearance from the field became noticeable in the middle of the Danish line where the Swedish forces had begun to attack. The Danes had great difficulties withstanding the assault, and when the troops saw how the eastern flank was faring, the middle started to collapse. The Danish elite forces Gardet and the corps of grenadiers which were deployed on the edges could prevent the Swedish advance long enough to allow the other forces to pull back, but many of the fleeing troops were cut down by the Swedish cavalry.
Now the Swedes attacked the gap that had formed between the Danish center and its western flank. Here too the Danes had no leadership, since the commander von Dewitz had been ordered to the eastern side of battle. The Swedish cavalry chased off the Danes and thus surrounding the grenadiers. The other elite force, Gardet, had already been forced to retire and the situation became untenable for the Danes. Major general Valentin von Eickstedt ordered the Danish retreat.
Aftermath.
The remainder of the Danish army had sought refuge within the walls of Helsingborg, and Stenbock avoided attacking them as they had too advantageous a position. Instead he besieged the city and invited the Danes to capitulate, but the offer was dismissed by von Dewitz. A Swedish council of war determined that Swedish forces were too weak to storm the city, and instead started a bombardment of the city. By March 5 the last remains of the Danish army left Scania after slaughtering all their horses and sabotaging their cannons.
The Danes lost over 7,500 men, who had been either killed, wounded, or captured. The Swedish losses amounted to 2,800 dead or wounded. The Danish army left Scania, never to return again.
The city of Helsingborg was hit hard by the battle, due both to the Swedish bombardment which destroyed its buildings, and all the remaining human and horse cadavers poisoned the wells. A plague epidemic then harrowed the town and further reduced its population. Helsingborg did not recover until the middle of the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9873686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873686" title="Petrus Haedus">
Petrus Haedus

Not much is known about Haedus (1427–1504), also known as Pietro Cavretto. He was a priest from the Pordenone in Friuli, and part of the circle around Gerardo di Lisa, Cimbriacus, and Iacopo Gordino. 
He wrote a book entitled "Anterotica, sive de Amoris Generibus", which was composed for the benefit of the author's nephew, a student at Padua university. It is written in the form of a dialogue between Haedus, the poet Aemilianus Cimbriacus, who takes the position in praise of love, and the priest Antonino Filermo, who exposes all the evils and problems caused by love and passion. Haedeus sides with Filermo, and gives advice on love and sexuality. He covers passion, sexual attraction, marital relations, conduct and behaviour. He also discusses of more practical concerns such as jewellery and hairstyles. The work is prefixed by an introductory poem by Aemilianus Cimbriacus. 
Haedus's early work "Amores", written under the influence of being rejected by his beloved, can be seen as an earlier treatment of the same subject. It was clearly popular, with later editions following in 1503 and 1607.

</doc>
<doc id="9873701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873701" title="G. E. Sridharan">
G. E. Sridharan

G E Sridharan is a volleyball player from Tamil Nadu, India. He represented the country in many competitions from late 1970s to late 1980s. He was the second player from Tamil Nadu to receive Arjuna Award in 1982. He is currently coaching the Indian team. Currently he is coaching Tamil Nadu state team. He's one of the efficient coach who took Indian youth volleyball to a new height winning gold in Asian volleyball Championship. He was awarded Dhronacharya Award in 2008, which many people feel its given too late in his life, seeing his achievements list lying before.

</doc>
<doc id="9873711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873711" title="Mary Newsletter">
Mary Newsletter

Mary Newsletter is an Italian rock band which released four records in the years from 1992 to 2005.
Their sound started close to the Italian classic prog rock bands, eventually evolving towards psychedelic and electronic music.
Mary Newsletter played at the year 2000 edition of the ProgDay festival.

</doc>
<doc id="9873718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873718" title="NTBackup">
NTBackup

NTBackup is the built-in backup application introduced in Windows NT around 1997 and part of all subsequent versions up to and including Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. It uses a proprietary backup format (BKF) to back up files. Files can be backed up to tape, ZIP drives, floppy disks, and hard drives. It also features integration with Task Scheduler and has several command line switches for scheduled automated backups.
In Windows Vista and later operating systems, NTBackup was replaced by Windows Backup and Restore, which uses the Virtual Hard Disk (VHD) file format, supports backup to modern media such as DVDs and image-based full system backups.
For server operating systems, Microsoft has replaced NTBackup with Windows Server Backup beginning with Windows Server 2008, which includes the new codice_1 command. This new backup application, wbadmin, no longer supports tape drives, which means that users have to install third-party applications to back up to tape on these new operating systems.
For reading/restoring older backups, Microsoft has made available the NTBackup Restore utility for Windows Vista/Windows Server 2008 and for Windows 7/Windows Server 2008 R2 which can only read BKF files.
When used with tape drives, NTBackup uses the Microsoft Tape Format (MTF), which is also used by BackupAssist and Backup Exec and is compatible with BKF.
Features.
NTBackup supports several operating system features including backing up the computer's "System State". On computers that are not domain controllers, this includes the Windows Registry, boot files, files protected by Windows File Protection, Performance counter configuration information, COM+ class registration database, IIS metabase, replicated data sets, Exchange Server data, Cluster service information, and Certificate Services database. On domain controllers, NTBackup can back up Active Directory, including the SYSVOL directory share.
NTBackup supports Encrypting File System, NTFS hard links and junction points, alternate data streams, disk quota information, mounted drive and remote storage information. It saves NTFS permissions, audit entries and ownership settings, respects the archive bit attribute on files and folders and can create normal, copy, differential, incremental and daily backups, backup catalogs, as well as Automated System Recovery. It supports logging and excluding files from the backup per-user or for all users. Hardware compression is supported if the tape drive supports it. Software compression is not supported, even in Backup to files.
NTBackup can use removable media devices that are supported natively by the "Removable Storage Manager" (RSM) component of Windows. However, RSM supports only those tape devices which have RSM-aware WDM drivers.
NTBackup from Windows XP and newer includes Volume Shadow Copy (VSS) support and thus can back up locked files. In the case of Windows XP Home Edition, NTBackup is not installed by default but is available on the Windows XP installation disc. Windows XP introduced a wizard-style user interface for NTBackup in addition to the advanced UI.
An expert system administrator can use the NTBackup scripting language to create a functional backup system. Scripting enables the system administrator to automate and schedule backups of files and "system state", control the RSM to follow a media rotation strategy, reprogram the RSM to work with external HDD and NAS as well as tape, send email reminders to prompt users to insert the media and compile backup reports that include logs and remaining capacity. An alternative to scripting is GUI software such as BackupAssist, which automates NTBackup and can perform automatic, scheduled backups of Windows-based servers and PCs using NTBackup.
Third-party plug-ins can be used with the deprecated "Removable Storage" component in Microsoft Windows to support modern storage media such as external hard disks, flash memory, optical media such as CD, DVD and Blu-ray and network file systems exposing the pieces of media as virtual tape to NTBackup which is based on "Removable Storage".
NTBackup can be used under Windows Vista and up by copying the NTBackup files from a Windows XP machine. To use tapes or other backup locations that use the Removable Storage Manager, you will need to turn it on in the "Turn Windows features on or off" control panel, but in WIndows 7 and up, the component was removed.
Corrupt or damaged backup files.
Due to the large size typical of today's backups, and faulty data transmition over unreliable USB or FireWire interfaces, backup files are prone to be corrupt or damaged. When trying to restore, NTBackup may display messages like "The Backup File Is Unusable" or "Unrecognized Media". Third-party, mostly commercial solutions may recover corrupt BKF files.

</doc>
<doc id="9873721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873721" title="Michael Wood (doctor)">
Michael Wood (doctor)

Sir Michael Wood was born on the January 28, 1918 in the United Kingdom. He studied medicine, and in 1943 he qualified as a surgeon and soon after was married to Susan Buxton.
Susan’s deep-rooted interest in Africa after spending her early life in Belgian Congo finally pushed the move of the young Wood family, then with two children, to East Africa. They arrived at the port of Mombasa in 1946. With the help of Gerald Anderson, Michael Wood established himself as General Surgeon in East Africa. Soon he found he was regularly being called to emergencies beyond the confines of the city of Nairobi. Often he had to charter flights to remote locations where no hospitals existed. The number of these emergencies escalated and became a challenge. Mindful of what lay ahead, Michael learnt to fly.
In 1954, Michael went to England on a Marks Plastic Surgery Fellowship with Archibald McIndoe . Together with Dr. Thomas Rees, an American surgeon (also a beneficiary of the Marks Plastic Surgery Fellowship), they would develop the idea of the African Medical and Research Foundation (AMREF) [http://www.amref.org] and its Flying Doctors Service.
The needs for fundraising for AMREF were very demanding from the word go, which Michael Wood undertook tirelessly. This involved him taking breaks from his work in Africa to solicit funds in Europe and North America. His fundraising trips brought him into contact with famous people: the Aga Khan IV, Vice-President Richard Nixon, as well as David Rockefeller.
Sister Breege Breslin, one of the Medical Missionaries of Mary who is proud to have worked with Sir Michael Wood on many occasions as his theatre nurse, said, that it was his faith and his determination to help ease a situation that made him the ‘Legend’ he is. Sister Breege said during a recent interview that even after long hours of surgery with very little daylight left for him to fly back to base, Sir Michael Wood would always take the time to see one last patient.
He was the subject of "This Is Your Life" in 1972 when he was surprised by Eamonn Andrews in the Bush country of Southern Kenya.
In 1970, he was awarded a Distinguished Service Medal for services to Africa and later in 1985 he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II. In 1986, he was given the Raoul Wallenburg Award for Humanity.
Michael Wood retired from being Director General of AMREF in 1985 and soon afterwards went on to establish FARM Africa [http://www.farmafrica.org.uk](Food and Agricultural Research Mission). In May 1987 Michael died of cancer at his home in Nairobi, Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="9873746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873746" title="Edwards Stadium">
Edwards Stadium

Edwards Stadium (also referred to as Edwards Field) is the track & field and soccer venue for the University of California Golden Bears.
This Art Deco-styled stadium was designed by architects Warren C. Perry and George W. Kelham, and named after Col. George C. Edwards, opening in 1932. It was the oldest track-only stadium in the United States until 1999, when it was reconfigured to accommodate the Cal soccer teams. It is located at 2223 Fulton Street on the southwest corner of the Berkeley campus, at the corner of Bancroft Way, and has a seating capacity of 22,000. From the stadium there are panoramic views of the Berkeley Hills and Strawberry Canyon to the east, and the San Francisco Bay, Golden Gate Bridge, and the San Francisco skyline to the west.
Edwards Stadium has hosted eight NCAA championship meets, a National AAU Championship, and the 1971 and '78 USA vs. USSR dual-meets, amongst others. There have been 12 world records (including records by Dutch Warmerdam, Jim Ryun and Henry Rono), 26 American records and 24 collegiate records set at Edwards.

</doc>
<doc id="9873765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873765" title="Mugur Sundar">
Mugur Sundar

Mugur Sundar () is a dance choreographer in South Indian cinema. He has directed more than 10,000 dance sequences for various south-Indian films. Sundar was born in Mugur, a village located in Mysore district, Karnataka. He has three sons, Prabhu Deva, Raju Sundaram and Nagendra Prasad, who are established dance masters. One of the judges in the famous Dance show AATA 4 which is telecast on Zee Telugu, a Telugu channel. Sundaram donned the role of a judge on Vijay TV's popular show Jodi No.1, Jodi No.1 Season Two where the participants are television artistes. His fellow judges were Silambarasan and Sangeetha.
In 2001, Mugur Sundar, directed his first Kannada film "Manasella Neene", a remake of Telugu film "Manasanthaa Nuvve". his son Nagendra Prasad played a lead role in the film.
Sundar played a guest role in a Kannada film "Thabbali" and he choreographed a song for the same film

</doc>
<doc id="9873774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873774" title="Ivor Perry">
Ivor Perry

Ivor Leslie Perry (born August 1904, date of death unknown) was a professional footballer who played in The Football League for Bristol Rovers.
Perry started his career with his home town club Ystrad Rovers, and after an unsuccessful trial with Tottenham Hotspur he joined Pontypridd. He joined Torquay United in August 1926, for whom he played a total of 55 games in the Southern League and Western League, scoring once in each league during the 1926–27 season. In the summer of 1927 he joined the only Football League club of his career in Bristol Rovers, where he played 35 times in Football League Division Three South in two years.
After leaving Bristol Rovers he had his second unsuccessful trial with a club, this time at Middlesbrough, and he later played for Walton-on-Thames, where he made his debut in a 7–0 win over Dorking in November 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="9873779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873779" title="MP3Concept">
MP3Concept

MP3Concept is the first trojan horse for Mac OS X, created around April 2004. MP3Concept is benign, it was designed as a proof of concept regarding how a file can be disguised to an end user in a GUI environment on Mac OS X. It is an application bundle that looks like an MP3 file. When launched, it plays a clip of a man laughing. Since its creation Apple has added additional verifications to the Finder to prevent such an attack. Antivirus software also now looks for its characteristics as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9873796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873796" title="Hellenic Air Force Academy">
Hellenic Air Force Academy

The Hellenic Air Force Academy (, abbr. ΣΙ) is a military academy responsible for supplying the Hellenic Air Force with pilots, flight engineers, ground engineers and air traffic / air defence controllers. It was founded in 1919 as the Military Academy of Aviation (Στρατιωτική Σχολή Αεροπλοΐας) and renamed in 1967 as the "Icarus School" in reference to the figure of Icarus in ancient Greek mythology. The figure of Icarus forms the centrepiece of the academy's badge.
The Hellenic Air Force Academy is a member of the "European Air Force Academies" (EUAFA).
History.
Many decades have passed since the founding of the Air Force Academy. Since then, from the academy have graduated at least 2600 pilots, 1200 aircraft engineers and other specializations according to the Air Force needs. It was founded in 1919 as the Military School of Aeronautics (). The "Icarus School" is actually the successor of the "Air Force School", founded in 1931 at the airport of Dekeleia, Tatoi in Athens.
1930s.
The first 11 trainees entered the academy on 2 November 1931 and their training was initially performed by "Avro 621-Tutor" and "Avro 626-Prefect" type aircraft. Training in the academy was common for both the Air Force and the Navy Aviation. The academy could be attended only by high school graduates and attendance was for 3 years.
In 1935 a second branch was introduced in the academy, the branch of "Junior Lieutenant Pilots", and attendance was for 2 years. In 1938 a third branch was introduced, that of Aircraft Engineers. Most graduates of those years gave their life in the air battles of World War II, like 2nd Lieutenant Marinos Mitralexis.
1940s.
On October 1940 the academy was transferred to the city of Argos. In April 1941, due to the German invasion of Greece, the academy was again transferred to the Middle East and later on to Southern Rhodesia, where it operated normally from September 1941 until the summer of 1946. Training of Greek pilots during the war was performed by British units in Middle East and Southern Rhodesia.
On March 1947 the academy returned to Dekeleia, Tatoi. Normal operation of the academy begun on October 1947, when the first postgraduates from England were accepted. The initial structure of the Royal Hellenic Air Force Academy was done according to the structure of the Royal Air Force academies of Southern Rhodesia. The same goes for the flight training system, which was exactly the same with the one followed in the Southern Rhodesia academies.
1950s.
In 1950, the first RHAF pilot squadron returned from the United States, where it had been trained. Since then, flight education was influenced from the American educational system. In 1952 starts a new era for the Air Force Academy, the era of jets. Training of pilots in jet aircraft started in 1953. That same year the whole structure of the academy was revised and organised according to a typical U.S. fighter wing and it was renamed to "121 Training Wing" ("121 Πτερυγα Εκπαίδευσης Αέρος" - "121 ΠΕΑ"). One year earlier, the "Training Centre of Conscript Pilots" had been founded, following British and U.S. prototypes and until September 1958, eight rows of conscript pilots had been trained.
In 1958 the Air Force Academy went under a total renovation program and was re-established in new building installations, in which it operates since then. With this re-establishment, several new laboratories are being founded and equipped.
1960s-present.
In 1962 the academy accepts the first foreign students from Jordan, due the good relations between King Hussein of Jordan and King Constantine II of Greece then. In the years that follow, pilots from many African and Middle-East countries have graduated and have manned the air forces of their countries and other higher posts up to Prime Ministers. In 1964 the academy is turned to a "Highest Education Institution" (University - "Α.Ε.Ι."), equal to all other universities in Greece. Until 1966, attendance was for 3 years. Since 1967 until today, attendance is for 4 years. That same year the academy takes its present name ("Icarus Air Force Academy"). In 1974 the academy begins an educational reform program, increasing 3 hours of theoretical lessons to 10.
Since 1991 the Hellenic Air Force Academy accepts female engineer students and since 2000, female pilot students as happens with the other two branches of the Hellenic Armed Forces (female "Arms" students and female combatants respectively).
Since 2005, the Hellenic Air Force Academy is under reform of its facilities, equipment and academic curriculum. New facilities are being built and old ones are being renovated, while works are scheduled to end in 2008, year in which the new curriculum and re-organisation of the academy will take effect. In addition, the old and tired "Rockwell T-2 Buckeye" will be replaced, after 30 years of service, by a new advanced trainer that will provide adequate training for entering the 4th generation fighters era. 
Most like candidates for a new advanced trainer are the Boeing T-45 Goshawk (manufactured by Boeing and BAE Systems), the KAI T-50 Golden Eagle from South Korea, the Aero Vodochody L-159 ALCA from Czech Republic, the British made Hawk Mk127 LIFT and last but not least the Italian Aermacchi M-346 Advanced Trainer (The Hellenic Aerospace Industry -EAB- has signed a ""Memorandum of Understanding"" with Aermacchi since summer 2006).
Flight training.
The training aircraft operated by the Hellenic Air Force Academy are the T-41D Mescalero (the military version of the Cessna 172 Skyhawk) for basic flight training, the Beechcraft T-6 Texan II for intermediate training and the Rockwell T-2 Buckeye used for intermediate and advanced jet training.
From the first year in the academy, the trainees have direct contact with the aircraft and the ideal of flying. The freshmen conduct 16 flights with "T-41" type aircraft, completing 19 flight hours per student. During the 2nd year of training the trainees conduct 48 flights with the "T-6 Texan II" aircraft, completing 60 flight hours per student, while during the 3rd year, the flights upgrade to 54 and the flight hours to 70 per student. 
With a total 150 flight hours (on training aircraft) to their flight logs, the pilots graduate from the academy with the rank of "Anthiposminagos" (Pilot Officer equivalent to 2nd Lieutenant). Training continues to their appointed flight wings on the aircraft type operated by each wing. As pointed out to the magazine ""Defence Matters"" "(vol.248, May 2007)" by the commander of the Academy Air Vice-Marshal Constantinos Kalamatas, according to statistical facts ""8 out of 10 graduates take the fighter pilot specialization, while 60% of all students that take this specialization, graduate"". These numbers are considered satisfactory.
The graduates who have the "pilot" specialization (ranked Pilot Officers) can reach the highest rank in the chain of command, that of Air Chief Marshal (equivalent to "General" or "Admiral"), the rank awarded only when the Defence General Staff is headed by an Air Force officer. The Commander of the Air Force General Staff is always a pilot. Engineer Officers and Air-Defence Controller Officers can only climb to the rank of Air Marshal (equivalent to "Lt. General" or "Vice Admiral").
Military training.
The military training program of students is under the supervision of the "Icarus Squadron" ("Σμηναρχία Ικάρων"). 
It begins with the constant informing of students on military matters because they have complete lack of military experience in their first year and it concludes when the students become military officers.
In general, the military training program has the goal of promoting discipline, self-esteam and increased confidence to the student's skills as a future fighter pilot and military officer. In the last two years of training, the program gives emphasis in teaching responsibility and skills of being a leader and it also focuses to the individual virtues of each student. It also provides practical information on the structure and operation of the Hellenic Air Force.

</doc>
<doc id="9873813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873813" title="Sabharwal">
Sabharwal

The Sabharwal (, , Sikhs from the Khatri community) belong to "Raja Porus". They are basically suryavanshi Rajputs.
Raja Porus belong to Sabharwal caste and was called first "SabHARWAL" who was also a Hindu khatri. The Sabharwal clan is a part of the Khokhran grouping among Khatris, which also consists of eight other clans, all of whom originate from the historic town of Bhera in Punjab (Pakistan). Many Sabharwals were from Peshawar, also known as Purushapura (Sanskrit: पुरुशपुरा) now in Pakistan. The Kukhrans (or "Khukhrain or Khokrans") are an ancient group of ten specific clans of this subcaste who originally hailed from the areas of the Salt Range and particularly town of Bhera in Punjab; the names of the ten clans are: Sabharwal, Anand, Bhasin, Chadha, Chandok(Chandhoke, Chandhok, Chandiok), Ghai, Kohli, Sahni/Sawhney, Sethi and Suri.
History.
Sabharwal (Punjabi: ਸਬਰਵਾਲ‌, Hindi: सभरवाल, Urdu: سبھروال) is a family name predominant among Punjabi Hindus and Sikhs from the Khatri community. The Sabharwal clan is a part of the Khokhran grouping among Khatris, which also consists of eight other clans, all of whom originate from the historic town of Bhera in Punjab (Pakistan). Many Sabharwals were from Peshawar, also known as Purushapura (Sanskrit: पुरुशपुरा) now in Pakistan.
Khokhrans.
Khokhran and Bhera.
The Imperial Gazetteer of India records the History of Bhera:
“ About the same time, by the death of Nawab Ahmdyar Khan, Khushab also passed into the hands of Raja Salamat Rai. Shortly afterwards Abbas Khan a Khattak who held Pind Daddan Khan, treacherously put the Raja to death, and seized Bhera. But Abbas Khan was himself thrown into prison as a revenue defaulter and, and Fateh Singh, nephew of Salamat Rai then recovered his uncles dominions."
In the recent past centuries, Bhera was an important trading outpost on the road to Kabul, and had a taksal or (mint) during the rule of Ranjit Singh. Bhera declined in importance due to the gradual shifting of the course of the Jhelum river, due to which the town lost the advantage of being located on a river bank.
Last Raja of Bhera.
The last chief or Raja of Bhera was a Khukran, Diwan Bahadur Jawahir Mal . The Diwan Family originally came from Peshawar,and tradition ascribes the abolition the Jizya in Peshawar to his influence.
Khukrains like other Khatri castes were traditionally and historically a warrior community (although they are now well represented in many fields other than the army) and hence they bore the brunt of invasions from the various central Asian tribes now converted to Islam who came from the northwest during the 12th-16th centuries. The Hindu populations in Afghanistan and Northwest India continued to recede after the 11th century even as predominant areas of Afghanistan were still under non Muslim rule till the 10th CE. (see also Shahi and Jayapala).
After 1947 partition of India.
Most of the Hindu or Sikh Kukhrans moved perforce to India following the Partition of India in 1947. Khukreins among Hindu and Sikh and are now settled not only in large concentrations in Delhi, Haryana and Punjab, but also spread the world over. Their mother tongue is Punjabi. In India the special dialect of Pothari spoken by the Khukrains who migrated from Western Punjab (now Pakistan) is fast being replaced by the local Eastern Punjabi language, in their new Indian residence of Punjab.The history recorded appears convincing but has over looked the Sabarwals / Sabharwals still residing in Pakistan. One such glaring example is the Village " Pindi Sabarwal / Sabharwal" located between Mangla and Jatlan along Upper Jhelum Canal in Azad Kasmir. The Sabharwals in the area are scattered along Pindi Sabharwal, Jatlan, Bani Sang, Jhelum and Mirpur.All converted Muslim use title shaikh.They become Muslim through baba fareed ganj in the 1200th.Some prominent are Shaikh Sahib Din, Qanungo and Hakim, Sangh, Mirpure, Azad Kashmir Shaikh Noor Alam jagirdar of chowki,samani Shaikh Fazal Alam ASP, Mirpure, Azad Kashir Shaikh Fazal Latif, DSP, Mirpure, Azad Kashmir. Afreedom movement leader who spearheaded attack on Kotli and Mirpure in 1947-48 Lt General Umer Farooq Shaikh, Pakistan Army, Mirpure Azad Kashmir. Sabharwal clan belong to predominantly Aryan Hindu race. As far about the town Pindi Sabarwal / Sabharwal now in Pakistan was part of India before 1947.
The history recorded appears convincing but has overlooked the Sabarwals / Sabharwals still residing in Pakistan. One such glaring example is the Village " Pindi Sabarwal / Sabharwal" located between Mangla and Jatlan along Upper Jhelum Canal in Azad Kasmir. The Sabharwals in the area are scattered along Pindi Sabharwal, Jatlan, Bani Sang, Jhelum and Mirpur.All converted Muslim use title shaikh.They become Muslim through baba fareed ganj in the 1200th.Some prominent are Shaikh Sahib Din, Qanungo and Hakim, Sangh, Mirpure, Azad Kashmir
Shaikh Noor Alam jagirdar of chowki,samani
Shaikh Fazal Alam ASP, Mirpure, Azad Kashir
Shaikh Fazal Latif, DSP, Mirpure, Azad Kashmir. Afreedom movement leader who spearheaded attack on Kotli and Mirpure in 1947-48
Lt General Umer Farooq Shaikh, Pakistan Army, Mirpure Azad Kashmir. Sabharwal clan belong to predominantly Aryan Hindu race. As far about the town Pindi Sabarwal / Sabharwal now in Pakistan was part of India before 1947. Raja Porus belong to Sabharwal caste and was called first "SABHARWAL" who was also a Hindu khatri.

</doc>
<doc id="9873824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873824" title="The Falls Church">
The Falls Church

The Falls Church is a historic Episcopal church from which the city of Falls Church, Virginia, near Washington, D. C., takes its name. The parish was established in 1732 and the brick meeting house preserved on site dates to 1769. In recent years the congregation became divided on religious issues and the buildings and property of the congregation became the subject of protracted litigation.
In December 2006, the congregation by a vote of 1221 to 127 voted to disaffiliate from the Episcopal Church in the United States of America (ECUSA) (a member of the Anglican Communion), and join the Convocation of Anglicans in North America (CANA), originally a missionary initiative of the Anglican Church of Nigeria, and now a member jurisdiction of the Anglican Church in North America, which is not part of the Anglican Communion, but is affiliated with the Fellowship of Confessing Anglicans, a network of conservative Anglican churches which formed in 2008 in response to an ongoing theological crisis in the worldwide Anglican Communion. The disaffiliating portion of the congregation, now known as The Falls Church (Anglican), continued to worship at The Falls Church property while members remaining loyal to the Episcopal Church in the United States of America (ECUSA), now known as The Falls Church (Episcopal), worshiped across the street at Falls Church Presbyterian Church. Litigation ensued, and in 2012 a court in Fairfax, Virginia, held that the Diocese and ECUSA have “a contractual and proprietary interest” in The Falls Church and other properties and ordered return of the properties to the Diocese. The Episcopal parish thus returned to worshiping at the historic property, and the Anglican parish moved to a different location.
History.
Colonial beginnings.
The forerunner to The Falls Church appears to have been founded by landowner William Gunnell, who had moved from Westmoreland County, Virginia in 1729. In Spring 1730, he secured a minister and convened a congregation, which met in his home until 1733, when the first building was constructed. Until that time, this area was served by clergyman who lived near present-day Quantico, and the nearest church was Occoquan Church near Lorton.
Known as "William Gunnell's Church," this wooden structure was designed and built by Colonel Richard Blackburn, who was directed to construct a weatherboarded building forty feet by twenty-two feet, with a thirteen-foot pitch roof, and with interior work modeled on that of the Pohick/Occoquan Church; cost was 33,500 pounds of tobacco. It served Truro Parish, which was established by the colonial Virginia Assembly in May 1732, divided from a larger Anglican parish centered at Occoquan; Truro's first vestry met in November 1732. Michael Reagan allowed the church to be built on his land, but failed to grant the deed. John Trammell later bought the land and, in 1746, sold the two acre lot, including the church, the church-yard, and a spring, to the Vestry of Truro Parish. By this point, it was known as the Upper Church.
The Vestry Book first referred to it as the "Falls Church" on 28 November 1757, owing to its location at the intersection of the road to the Little Falls of the Potomac River (upstream of the Chain Bridge) and the Middle Turnpike (leading from Alexandria to Leesburg, now Virginia Route 7 or Leesburg Pike, called West Broad Street in downtown Falls Church City).
George Mason was elected vestryman in 1748, as was George Washington in 1762.
The new brick church.
In 1762, the wood building was judged to be "greatly in decay". The vestry (the church governing body), meeting at The Falls Church, ordered a new brick building constructed on the same site. In 1763, George Washington and George William Fairfax were appointed church wardens with responsibility to contract for a new building. This was Washington’s last official act on behalf of this church after the parish was divided in 1765 and before work began. After 1765, the seat of Truro Parish, which had been here, returned to the southern part of the county and this church became the seat of the new Fairfax Parish.
Work on the new church was begun in 1767 by Colonel James Wren who had designed the building and was a member of the vestry as well. The new building was completed late in the fall of 1769, at which point it became the seat of the newly formed Fairfax Parish. The Wren building remains on the site, between S. Washington, E. Broad, and E. Fairfax Streets. It is the oldest remaining church building north of Quantico in Virginia.
Revolution, disestablishment, abandonment, & re-establishment.
During the Revolutionary War the building was a recruiting station for the Fairfax militia. Tradition holds that the Declaration of Independence was read to local citizens from the steps of the south doors.
Following the Revolution, in 1784, the Commonwealth of Virginia enacted disestablishment of the Anglican Church, revoking its status as state church. Shortly thereafter, in 1789, The Falls Church was abandoned and was not re-occupied again until 1836, by an Episcopal congregation.
Those whose leadership helped to once again open the doors of the church for worship included Francis Scott Key, who was a lay reader, and Henry Fairfax, who used his own funds to restore the building. Several of the early students and faculty members of the Virginia Theological Seminary traveled to The Falls Church to hold services.
Civil War disruption & damage.
Services were again disrupted during the Civil War when the church was used by Union troops as a hospital and later as a stable. An active congregation has worshiped here continuously since about 1873.
The interior was repaired by Fairfax in 1838-39, again after the Civil War, and remodeled in 1908. The most extensive renovations were completed in 1959. At that time, the galleries, which had been provided in Wren’s design but were omitted from the original construction, were finally installed and a new chancel was added.
The structure of the church, except for repairs of war damage and the chancel addition, is the original 1769 construction. Some of the repairs made after the Civil War are evident in brickwork below the windows and in the lower part of the brick doorway at the west end of the church. The Federal Government repaired and paid for the damage caused by Union forces.
Description of the historic church and grounds.
"West Entrance (Narthex):" This has been the main entrance since 1865. In colonial times the principal entrance was by the south doors; it remained so until the interior was changed with the 1865 repairs.
"The Aisles:" Aisles in the colonial church were located as now, but were then paved with tiles and were somewhat wider. A single row of box pews, each with a door and with the floors raised slightly above the aisles were located to the side of each aisle; two rows of box pews were in the center of the nave between the aisles. That arrangement remained substantially unchanged until 1861. Between 1861 and 1865 the interior of the church was virtually gutted. The present interior, from 1959, is the fourth version.
"Memorial Markers:" Several pews have silver markers. Those on the fifth row are in memory of George Washington and Robert E Lee. They were given by local chapters of the Daughters of the American Revolution and the United Daughters of the Confederacy in 1926.
"Baptismal Font:" This stone font is from the colonial period. It was taken to the Star Tavern by a soldier and consigned for shipment to his home around 1863. It was recognized and hidden by local townspeople, and returned to the church in 1876.
"Chancel:" The present chancel was built in 1959 by removing part of the original east wall. Until then, the holy table and communion rail were along that wall. Until 1861-65, colonial tablets with the Lord’s Prayer, Ten Commandments, and Creed were also above the altar on the east wall. These, too, were destroyed during the Civil War. The eight tiles below the Present table are from the original 1769 aisles.
"Pulpit Location:" The wide space between the two center windows in the north wall marks the location of the colonial pulpit, which was high, reached by several steps and had a sounding board above. In 1838, the pulpit was moved nearer the east wall in the chancel area. Its present site dates from 1959.
"Gallery Level:" The pipe organ, installed in 1967, is the first in this church. Built by the Schantz Organ Co., the 750-pipe instrument is divided into two sections. The great organ is exposed on the gallery rail and the swell organ is enclosed in a case on the west wall. The Irene Mori Memorial Harpsichord (Zuckermann, 1973) was built by members of this Parish.
"Churchyard:" The oldest marked graves (1805) are below the large white oak in the south yard, but earlier burials occurred here. Records show payments in 1778 to the sexton for mending graves. Rounded indentations in the 1805 stone likely resulted from bullets fired by soldiers quartered here in 1861-65. A Revolutionary War veteran’s grave is near the wall, west of the 1805 stone. A monument commemorating Henry Fairfax's restoration of the church, in the 1830s, is near the west end of the south walk. The inscription is copied from the text of a lost plaque reported by a Civil War correspondent in Harper’s Weekly of August 31, 1861. At the west end of the front walk is a marker for an unknown Confederate soldier. Near the north fence is the grave of Mr. Read, minister of the Baptist Church who was shot by Col. Mosby (the "Gray Ghost" of the Civil War) as a spy in 1862. Near the north walk, four dornicks (rough, low stones) predate any standing gravestones.
The oldest tree on the grounds is a huge white oak (south yard) - it is the largest specimen of "Quercus alba" now recorded in Virginia. Other large trees include a tulip poplar, hickory, silver maple and American holly. Major trees are marked with common and botanical names.
"Memorial Garden:" A garden has been developed in the east end of the north yard - only native trees, ferns and wildflowers are used. Between that garden and the educational wing is the site of the colonial Vestry House, a one room frame building which served as the "seat" of the parish.
"Memorial Garden Chapel:" A small chapel was added and consecrated in 2004 in the Memorial Garden. With its peaceful ambience and period furnishings, It has become a place for worship, celebrating small, intimate services, and a quiet place to be near loved ones at rest in the Memorial Garden.
"Main Sanctuary:" A new sanctuary which seats 800, was added in 1992 to the east end of the education and administration building.
"Southgate:" In 2000, the church bought the nearby Southgate Shopping Center as the site of a future "parish life center".
Legal issues.
In mid to late December 2006, the portion of the congregation that had voted to disaffiliate from The Episcopal Church petitioned the local circuit court to transfer ownership of the property to CANA. The Diocese of Virginia and the Protestant Episcopal Church of the United States of America (ECUSA) intervened in the case and resisted the transfer. In December 2008, the court ruled in favor of CANA with respect to all property with the exception of an endowment fund. The Diocese of Virginia and the Protestant Episcopal Church appealed to the Supreme Court of Virginia, which a number of other hierarchical churches joined as "amici curiae", including the Episcopal dioceses of Southern Virginia and Southwestern Virginia, along with representatives of consultative bodies from the United Methodist Church, the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), The African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, The African Methodist Episcopal Church, the National Capital Presbytery, Presbytery of Eastern Virginia, and the Metro DC Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. The Virginia Supreme Court ruled in favor of the Episcopal Church and the Diocese of Virginia, finding that the Falls Church and the other breakaway parishes did not meet the criteria of the statute under which the trial court awarded them control of the real property. The case was remanded to the trial court for further proceedings.
Thereafter, in January 2012, the trial court ruled in favor of the Diocese and ECUSA. The Falls Church and the other CANA parishes appealed the court's ruling to the Virginia Supreme Court, which affirmed the decision leaving the church property in the hands of The Episcopal Church. By Easter, April 8, 2012, The Episcopal Diocese of Virginia was in the process of retaking ownership of the parish property of The Falls Church, and the continuing Episcopal congregation of The Falls Church began worshiping again on the parish campus after worshiping in the hall of a Presbyterian church across the street for over five years. On March 10, 2014, The U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal by the Falls Church Anglican, ending the matter.

</doc>
<doc id="9873827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873827" title="Balea">
Balea

Balea is a genus of small, very elongate, left-handed, air-breathing land snails, sinistral terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
"Balea" is the type genus of the subfamily Baleinae.
Species.
Species within this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="9873848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873848" title="William Edwards Huntington">
William Edwards Huntington

William Edwards Huntington (July 30, 1844 – December 6, 1930) was an American university dean and president.
Biography.
He was born at Hillsboro, Illinois, served as private and first lieutenant in the Wisconsin Infantry in 1864–1865, and was educated at the University of Wisconsin–Madison (A.B., 1870) and at Boston University (B.D., 1873; Ph.D., 1881), where he was dean of the College of Liberal Arts from 1884 to 1904, president of the university in 1904–1911, and dean of the graduate department after 1911. In early life he was a Methodist minister, having been ordained in 1868, and he held pastorates in Massachusetts at Nahant (1870–1871), Roslindale (1872–1874), Newton (1875–1876), Cambridge (1877–1879), and Boston (1880–1882).

</doc>
<doc id="9873872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873872" title="Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony">
Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony

The Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony ("Evangelische Kirche der Kirchenprovinz Sachsen"; KPS) was the most important Protestant denomination in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. As a united Protestant church, it combined both Lutheran and Reformed traditions (Prussian Union). On 1 January 2009 the church body merged with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Thuringia into the Evangelical Church in Central Germany. 
History.
The Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony emerged on 1 October 1950, when the ecclesiastical province of Saxony within the Evangelical Church of the old-Prussian Union assumed its independence as church body of its own. The history of the old-Prussian Union is tied with the history of the kingdom of Prussia.
Following the second constitution of the German Democratic Republic (GDR), enacted on 9 April 1968 and accounting for its de facto transformation into a communist dictatorship, the church bodies were deprived their status as statutory bodies () and the church tax, automatically collecting parishioners' contributions as a surcharge on the income tax, was abolished. Now parishioners had to fix the level of their contributions and to transfer them again and again on their own. This together with ongoing discrimination of church members, which let many secede from the church, effectively eroded the adherence of parishioners and the financial situation of the Evangelical Church. 
The Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony was a full member of the Evangelical Church in Germany (EKD). The leader of the church was bishop Axel Noack (2006). The church had approx. 504,200 members (in December 2005) in 2,020 church parishes.
The seat of the bishop was Magdeburg Cathedral. There are several former cathedrals in the territory retaining their original name, notably the Halberstadt Cathedral, the Merseburg Cathedral, the Naumburg Cathedral and Zeitz Cathedral. There are also some other imposing churches (often former collegiate churches) called "Dom" (often translated as cathedral) in the area.
The Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony was a member of the Union of Evangelical Churches in Germany and the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe. In Wittenberg the church had its own academy.
The Ordination of women and the blessing of same-sex unions has been allowed. 
Since 1 July 2004 the church was on the way to merge with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Thuringia into the Evangelical Church in Central Germany, with effect of 1 January 2009.
Area covered.
The area covered by the Evangelical Church of the Church Province of Saxony was equivalent to the old Prussian Saxony province, similar to the East German state of Saxony-Anhalt (1946–1952; except of former Anhalt) and small parts of the states of Brandenburg and Thuringia.
General superintendents and bishops.
The chief executive body was the consistory in Magdeburg, however, there were three more consistories with regional competence in Roßla (for the Lutheran church of the mediatised County of Stolberg-Rossla; 1719–1947 then merged with the following), in Stolberg at the Harz (for the Lutheran church of the mediatised County of Stolberg-Stolberg; 1553–2005, then merged into the consistory in Magdeburg) and in Wernigerode (for the Lutheran church of the mediatised County of Stolberg-Wernigerode; 1658–1930, then merged into the consistory in Magdeburg). A consistorial president chaired the conistory as an executive, as to the spiritual leadership there was one general superintendent, supported by a second and a third general superintendent (as of 1867 and 1911, respectively). Some holders of the general superintendency were royally styled as bishop, then still considered a rather non-Protestant title. In 1933 Nazi-submissive German Christians, then dominating the legislative general and provincial synods, introduced the title bishop for the spiritual leaders, including their hierarchical supremacy over other church collaborators. The title was retained also after the end of the Nazi dictatorship, however, without any hierarchical supremacy. 

</doc>
<doc id="9873879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873879" title="Lazy Eye (Silversun Pickups song)">
Lazy Eye (Silversun Pickups song)

"Lazy Eye" is the third single from Silversun Pickups' debut album "Carnavas". The band performed the song on the "Late Show with David Letterman", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", "Later With Jools Holland", and "Last Call with Carson Daly". The song is a playable track on "Rock Band 2" and "".
An alternate version of the song, with a length of 7:27, was played on XMU before the shorter version was played on FM and other XM channels. This version was featured on their demo CD (which featured early versions of four tracks).
Music video.
The music video for "Lazy Eye" was directed by Suzie Vlcek, who directed the band's "Kissing Families" video as well as the video for Tegan and Sara's "The Con". It was produced by Eric Morgan. The music video is said to be a take on the 1970 Swedish film 'A Swedish Love Story'.
It takes place in a club, possibly in the 1970s or 1980s judging by the hairstyles and clothing, brimming with teenagers dancing to the song as the band plays live on stage. The video alternates between the band playing, and a young girl with short hair.
The girl notices a boy that shows up, she first ignores him and dances with another guy, notably when the song takes an angrier tone. The boy leaves, and waits outside, talking with friends. The girl eventually leaves the club, and sees him outside waiting, just like she waited for him. This reveals to her that he really does care about her, and they leave in good temper.
Former band member Jack Kennedy also makes an appearance as the bartender.
The video received airplay from MTV, VH1, Fuse, MTVU, and International Music Feed.
In popular culture.
The song was featured in the television series "The O.C.", "Criminal Minds", and "Reaper", the 2008 film "Prom Night", a promo for Major League Baseball's 2008 All-Star Game, a video package at the end of FOX's coverage of the 2008 World Series, a video package for CBC's 2009 Stanley Cup playoffs, a 2012 New Zealand New World Supermarket advertising campaign and the video games "Rock Band 2", "" and "Forza Horizon".

</doc>
<doc id="9873893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873893" title="SS Taroona">
SS Taroona

SS "Taroona" was an Australian transport ship, built in Linthouse, a district of Glasgow, in 1934 by Alexander Stephen & Sons for the Tasmanian Steamers Pty Ltd. She was a steam turbine ship capable of 18 knots, but typically operating at 16 knots for better fuel economy. "Taroona" commenced service in Bass Strait in 1935 for Tasmanian Steamers Pty Ltd. She served the Melbourne – Beauty Point – Melbourne – Devonport – Burnie then back to Melbourne route.
"Taroona" was requisitioned for service as a troop ship in World War II by New Zealand. She carried troops from Auckland, New Zealand to Suva in January 1942, and in March 1942. On her return to the Bass Strait run she was almost immediately again requisitioned this time by Australia and taken over as a fast troop carrier. During her first trip to Port Moresby she carried 480 troops and supplies; on leaving Moresby she ran aground on a reef at the entrance where she remained for three days, helpless hard and fast aground. All attempts to refloat her using both engines and the assistance of navy vessels proved useless. The situation became serious when on several occasions Japanese bombers swept in to attack the Seven Mile aerodrome outside Port Moresby. Why they failed to attack "Taroona" remains a mystery. Finally aided by three naval vessels, she shook herself free.
In her war time career she travelled 204,535 miles and carried 93,432 troops. Although frequently under fire during her ninety-four trips she remained unscathed.
"Taroona" arrived in Sydney 4 February 1946, ending her career as an Australian troop carrier. She was handed back to Tasmanian Steamers and joined the SS Nairana who had maintained a very busy schedule during "Taroona"’s absence including transporting troops from Tasmania to Melbourne.
In 1959, "Taroona" finished her dedication to Australia, being replaced by a ship more suitable for the times as motor cars where becoming very popular and "Taroona" could only take 30 which had to be winched aboard. Her replacement was the "Princess of Tasmania", owned by Australian National Line and Tasmanian Steamers ceased to be.
"Taroona" was sold to Typaldos Lines, renamed "Hellas" and immediately taken over by her new crew and departed Australia for Greece. She was converted to a cruise ship and operated cruises around the Mediterranean until 1966 when she was laid up in Perama bay for the winter but never worked again after the sank in big seas and the Typaldos line was found guilty. Subsequently all their ships were sold except SS "Hellas" and SS "Athinai". "Hellas" remained laid-up at Elefsina bay until May 1989 when she was towed out of the bay to Aliağa in Turkey and scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="9873894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873894" title="Axel Noack">
Axel Noack

Axel Noack (born 23 September 1961 in Görlitz) is a German former race walker. On 21 June 1987 in Chemnitz he achieved a new world best time in 20 km walk with 1'19:12 hours.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9873900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873900" title="Charles Maitland (MP)">
Charles Maitland (MP)

Charles Maitland ("c." 1704 – 16 February 1751) was a Scottish politician.
He was son of Hon Alexander Arbuthnot (who assumed his wife's surname) and Jean Maitland of Pitrichie. He died unmarried.

</doc>
<doc id="9873924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873924" title="Tage Inn">
Tage Inn

Tage Inn Corporation was a hotel company in New England that developed, owned and operated mid-scale without food & beverage hotels during the 1990s and early 2000s. The company was founded by Joseph P. Tagliente and his son Joe Jr. with the opening of their first hotel in Milford, Massachusetts in 1989. From there they developed three additional hotels in Andover, Massachusetts by 1992, Somerville, Massachusetts in 2000 and Manchester, New Hampshire in 2003. In 2004 the Tagliente Family decided to sell their hotels to the La Quinta Hotel Corporation for 26 Million USD. La Quinta subsequently converted the hotels to La Quinta Hotels & Suites.

</doc>
<doc id="9873973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9873973" title="Mo-Ho-Bish-O-Pi">
Mo-Ho-Bish-O-Pi

Mo-Ho-Bish-O-Pi were a Welsh indie rock group formed in 1996. The trio included Martin Bimrose on guitar, Richard Arnold on drums and Mike Carter on bass. Formed in 1996 when the members were studying fine art at Cardiff University, the band has released material under various record labels, including Soda, FF Vinyl, and V2. 
The band's sound was described by "NME" as being "as eclectic as their name is confusing". Likened to Beck, Sonic Youth and Pavement, Mo-Ho-Bish-O-Pi have been reported as being "closer to the Flaming Lips with overtones of Bis and ABBA". Their "punky garage" sound is evident on singles such as "Drop Jaw" and "Playboy", while a melancholic and perhaps more accessible side is demonstrated on "Names for Nameless Things".
The band's name is derived from "Moho bishopi", the scientific name of the Moloka‘i ‘Ō‘ō, an extinct bird known to have lived in Hawaii. Martin Bimrose saw an article about the bird in the Readers Digest whilst waiting at the dentists. He thought that with some imaginative punctuation, "the name could be as mad as he is".
Following the bands demise (the group has been inactive since 2002), Mike Carter and Richard Arnold went on to form The International Karate Plus but they have since also ceased to exist. Richard Arnold now plays in King Alexander and Mike Carter is now in Heck with former members of legendary Cardiff band Sammo Hung.

</doc>
