<doc id="9658644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658644" title="Peter Maniatis">
Peter Maniatis

Peter Maniatis (born February 1973) in Melbourne, Australia is a TV host and boxing promoter, particularly known for his fashion sense and out-going personality. Maniatis was also an amateur boxing champion.
His father Willam is a Greek-born Australian and his mother Lillian was born in Perth, Western Australia.
Media career.
Maniatis was lured to the "TRUTH newspaper" in 1995 and worked as sports journalist for over 15 years. In that time he won the Victorian Multimedia award a record seven years in a row, from 1999 to 2005.
Maniatis also co-hosts a boxing show on radio SEN 1116 AM Radio Ringside with Mark Fine on Monday nights.
In 2002, Maniatis created the "KO Boxing Show", which has broadcast over 400 episodes on C31 Melbourne the C31 Boxing Show is still going strong.
Maniatis has made a number of guest appearances on Solar Sports Asia and Foxtel covering boxing and other sports.
Career as a Boxing Promoter.
Maniatis started promoting boxing events in 1998 and had a contract with Sky Channel television to promote his boxing events nationally in Australia. He linked up with all the best trainers and managers in Australia, including Jeff Fenech, to put Australia's finest boxers on his promotion fight cards.
Maniatis has traveled all over the world with boxing and maintains a base in Los Angeles, California, USA where he trained at the Gym of Hall of Fame Trainer Freddy Roach the Wild Card Gymnasium in West Hollywood.

</doc>
<doc id="9658650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658650" title="Te Aroha Centre">
Te Aroha Centre

Te Aroha Centre is a community centre based in Te Aroha, New Zealand. The centre includes a fully equipped theatre, with rooms for crafts, seminars, meetings and an art gallery. The centre also hosts dance classes, children's acting classes and regular activities for the community.
History.
The Te Aroha Centre is built inside the former Bendon lingerie factory which housed 100 people sewing. Bendon agreed to sell the premises to Future Te Aroha, a charitable trust, for NZD$67,500. After much fund-raising and assistance from a bevy of institutions in and around Te Aroha, the sale was finalised.
The Centre was officially opened by Judith Tizard on 23 November 2001, starting off a month-long Aroha (Māori for "love" or "esteem") festival which celebrated with a theme of "who we are". The theme for the building is "Aroha for ourselves, our family and our community". Te Aroha Centre tries to depict this through as many media as possible through the telling of stories.

</doc>
<doc id="9658659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658659" title="Dalibor Šilić">
Dalibor Šilić

Dalibor Šilić (born 23 January 1979) is a Bosnian footballer currently playing for NK Široki Brijeg. He has played for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9658665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658665" title="Peru Davis Cup team">
Peru Davis Cup team

The Peru Davis Cup Team is the Davis Cup team that represents the nation of Peru. The team is governed by the Federación de Tenis de Peru. They currently compete in the Americas Zone Group I, and their best result was reaching the World Group in 2008.
History.
Although in 1959 Peruvian-born Alex Olmedo had won the Davis Cup participating with the United States team, the first participation by a Peruvian team was in 1968 (a 3-0 loss to Chile). Even though, officially, Peru's participation the Davis Cup had started in 1933; its presentations in the years of 1933, 1934, and 1950 were all walk-over losses.
Peru's first victory would come in 1976, when the team defeats Uruguay at Montevideo, by a margin of 2-3. Players Miguel Maurtúa and Fernando Maynetto were an important part of this team. Peru's next rival was Brazil, and the result was a 5-0 loss for the Peruvians.
The first great participation of Peru's Davis Cup history came up in 1989, by defeating Ecuador 5-0 and Brazil 3-2. Thus, the team made it into the World Group playoffs. Peru's rival was the Australia of Cahill and Masur. The game disputed in Lima, resulted in a 3-2 win for Australia. Peruvian tennis players Jaime Yzaga, Pablo Arraya, and Carlos Di Laura, were already beginning to show their skill.
The early 90s proved disastrous for Peru, who got relegated to Group II of the Americas zone. Upon returning to Group I in 1994, the Yzaga-led team was able to beat Mexico, Chile, and Brazil by 3-2 margins each time, qualifying for the World Group playoffs again. This time the team lost to Denmark 4-1.
The team was relegated to the Americas Zone Group 2 for the 1997 season, but returned to Group 1 in 2000. The following year they were relegated again but also returned in 2003. The team defeated Mexico and Venezuela to qualify for the World Group playoffs again in 2007, where they defeated Belarus 4-1 and secured promotion to the World Group for the first time.

</doc>
<doc id="9658671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658671" title="Biratnagar Airport">
Biratnagar Airport

Biratnagar Airport is an airport serving Biratnagar, a city of the Morang district in the Kosi zone in Nepal.
Facilities.
Nepal government owned and operated, Biratnagar Airport began its service on 6 July 1958, the same year the nation's first Royal Nepal Airlines began its scheduled domestic and international flights. The airport is the hub of the Eastern Region of the nation and supports 6 STOL airports: Taplejung, Bhojpur, Phaplu, Rumjatar, Lamidanda and Tumlingtar. 
The airport boasts the highest domestic traffic. Civil Aviation is planning to enable Biratnagar Airport to operate bigger airliners like Boeing 747. Equipped with air traffic control, the airport is located at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 09/27 with an asphalt surface measuring .
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9658689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658689" title="Ayşe Buğra">
Ayşe Buğra

Ayşe Buğra is a Turkish social scientist, currently Professor of Political Economy at Atatürk Institute for Modern Turkish History and the co-founder of Social Policy Forum of Boğaziçi University in İstanbul. 
After graduating from Robert College of Istanbul, she continued her education at Bogazici University. Having done her Ph.D in Economics at McGill University, Canada, Buğra has produced work on the history and methodology of economics, development economics, and comparative social policy. In addition to various publications in Turkish, English, and French, she is the translator of "The Great Transformation" by Karl Polanyi into Turkish (1986).

</doc>
<doc id="9658710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658710" title="Patrick Waddington">
Patrick Waddington

Patrick Waddington (19 August 1903 – 4 February 1987) was an English actor, educated at Gresham's School, Holt, Norfolk. Born and died in York, England.
Biography.
Waddington was the grandson of William Waddington, the piano manufacturer who also took over the management of the Theatre Royal York. He started his career singing and in the 1930s was in "That Certain Trio" with Peggy Cochrane. He appeared in numerous plays, films and TV series including "Dad's Army".
In 1951 he became General Secretary of TACT (The Actors Charitable Trust) and was headmaster of its children's home, Silverland, until 1953. A plaque to commemorate him can be seen in the Courtyard entrance to the Merchant Adventurers' Hall in York - he was a member of the Company of Merchant Adventurers of the City of York from 1933 to his death in 1987. In 1986, he self-published his autobiography, "Patrick: Or, That Awful Warning".
Filmography.
The Street That Got Mislaid

</doc>
<doc id="9658718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658718" title="São Tomé Island League">
São Tomé Island League

São Tomé Island League is the top division of the Federação Santomense de Futebol for the São Tomé Island. 

</doc>
<doc id="9658746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658746" title="Vladislav Ternavsky">
Vladislav Ternavsky

Vladislav Mikhailovich Ternavskiy () (born 2 May 1969 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a former association footballer and a current coach. He currently manages FC Vityaz Podolsk.
He earned 7 caps for Russia from 1994 to 1996, and played in the 1994 FIFA World Cup. The clubs he played for included FC Dynamo Kyiv, FC Spartak Moscow, FC Saturn Ramenskoe, FC Rostov and FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.

</doc>
<doc id="9658750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658750" title="Shidaiqu">
Shidaiqu

Shidaiqu () is a type of Chinese folk/European jazz fusion music that originated in Shanghai, China, in the 1920s.
Terminology.
The term "shídàiqǔ" literally means "songs of the era" in Mandarin. When sung in Cantonese, it is referred to as (粵語時代曲), when sung in Amoy Hokkien, it is referred to as (廈語時代曲). The term "shidaiqu" is thought to have been coined in Hong Kong to describe popular Chinese music that first emerged in Shanghai.
Mainstream.
In Shanghai shidaiqu was regarded as Chinese popular music beginning in the 1920s. Its heyday was in the 1940s, then it died out in 1952 in China when the Communists banned nightclubs and pop music production. The tradition then moved to Hong Kong and reached its height from the 1950s to the late 1960s, when it was replaced by Taiwanese pop (sung in Mandarin) and later cantopop. While it is considered a prototype, music enthusiasts may see it as an early version of mandopop. Li Jinhui is the founder of shidaiqu, along with Chinese popular music. The western jazz influences were shaped by American jazz musician Buck Clayton. Nowadays, shidaiqu has inspired Gary Lucas for his album The Edge of Heaven and DJs such as Ian Widgery and his "Shanghai Lounge Divas" project. On the other hand, if cinema was the origin of many songs, Wong Kar-wai used them again for illustrating his movie "In the Mood for Love"; Rebecca Pan, one of the actresses in this film, was also one of those famous shidaiqu singers.
Shidaiqu is a kind of fusion music. The use of jazz musical instruments (e.g., castanets, maracas) is unprecedented in Chinese musical history. The ABA form or ABCA form, which are still used by modern composers, were new to Chinese. This is also why it is called shidaiqu. The melodies are easy to remember and some of them are still sung today, such as "Wishing You Happiness and Prosperity" (恭喜恭喜) performed by Yao Lee and Yao Min.
Shanghai shidaiqu reflects feelings of 1930's Shanghainese citizens. Shanghai was divided into the International Concession and the French Concession in the '30s and early '40s. Owing to the protection of foreign nations (e.g., Britain and France), Shanghai was a prosperous and a rather politically stable city. Some songs reflected the extravagant lives of the bourgeoisie and rich merchants. At the same time, some leftist songs also showed the poverty of commoners in the city. Some shidaiqu songs are related to particular historical events (e.g., Second Sino-Japanese War). The lyrics are graceful and expressive. This is closely related to the composers' profound knowledge of literature. The euphemism of presenting love, which was always found in old Chinese novels, is kept in shidaiqu, thus making shidaiqu artistic.
In terms of scientific significance, the recording methods of songs on 78rpm gramophone shellac records marked a new age in Chinese musical history. Usually the recording would be done in one take only. Therefore, sound engineers had to be extremely careful when making records. Steel stylus records (鋼針唱片), which were an important recording medium, have now been abandoned due to the development in digital recording. This is also accompanied by the disappearance of this precious sound recording technology.
Shanghai shidaiqu songs are sung in Mandarin, regarded as a symbol of fashion and progressive culture. A large part of the audience would not be fluent in Mandarin.
Shanghai dominated the Chinese movie industry in the 1930s. "Song of the Fishermen", a famous movie in the 1930s, marked the beginning of song films or musicals (歌舞片). Pop singers (e.g., Zhou Xuan, Bai Guang, Gong Qiuxia) also participated in these films. Their beautiful voices guaranteed best-selling, hit records.
With the popularity of Cantopop, Mandopop and Taiwanese pop, shidaiqu faces a decline in listeners.

</doc>
<doc id="9658754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658754" title="John Mills (Australian politician)">
John Mills (Australian politician)

John Charles Mills B.Sc. (Hons) M.Sc. M.R.A.C.I. was an Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. 
Mills was awarded a Bachelor of Science (Hons), and a Master of Science. He was a previously an industrial chemist with BHP. He is married with two children. He represented Wallsend for the Australian Labor Party from 1988 to 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="9658757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658757" title="Antonella Costa">
Antonella Costa

Antonella Costa (born 19 March 1980 in Rome, Italy) is a film and television actress. She moved to Argentina with her parents at the age of four. She has worked in different countries, but primarily in the cinema of Argentina. She had a starring role in the 2008 film No mires para abajo, directed by Eliseo Subiela. 

</doc>
<doc id="9658774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658774" title="Red Marion">
Red Marion

John Wyeth Marion (March 14, 1914 – March 13, 1975) was briefly an outfielder in American Major League Baseball and a longtime manager at the minor league level. A native of Richburg, South Carolina, he was the older brother of Marty Marion, the longtime star shortstop of the St. Louis Cardinals and former big league skipper.
While Marty played 13 years in the Major Leagues, Red Marion played in only 18 big-league games — four in 1935 and the remainder in 1943 — all for the Washington Senators. A right-handed batter and thrower, he collected five hits in 26 at-bats, for a .179 batting average. He had one double, one home run and two runs batted in.
But he would spend 19 seasons as a manager at the minor league level, beginning in 1940 at Newport, Kentucky, of the Class D Appalachian League. He spent ten years (1946–55) as a pilot in the Boston Red Sox organization, beginning with the Oneonta Red Sox of the Class C Canadian-American League and ending with the AAA Louisville Colonels of the American Association. In 1956 he remained at the Louisville helm for a final half-season, even though the Red Sox no longer sponsored the Colonels. He also managed in the farm systems of the Senators and Los Angeles Angels, before retiring after the 1963 campaign.
His career minor league managing record was 1,352 victories and 1,224 defeats, a winning percentage of .525. 
In 1975, Red Marion died the day before his 61st birthday in San Jose, California, where he had managed Red Sox and Angels farm teams in the 1950s and 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="9658795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658795" title="Dolpa Airport">
Dolpa Airport

Dolpa Airport is an airport serving Dolpa, a district in the Karnali zone in Nepal.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 06/24 with a dirt surface measuring .
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9658806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658806" title="William Rhodes">
William Rhodes

William Rhodes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9658831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658831" title="Katukinan languages">
Katukinan languages

Katukinan (Catuquinan) is a language family consisting of two languages in Brazil, Katukina-Kanamarí and the perhaps moribund Katawixi. It's often not clear which names in the literature, which are generally tribal names and often correspond to dialects, refer to distinct languages. Indeed, they're close enough that some consider them all to be dialects of a single language, Kanamari (Fabre 2005).
Campbell & Grondona (2012) note that Adelaar "presents reasonanably persuasive evidence that Harákmbut and Katukinan are genetically related."
Languages and dialects.
The common suffix "dyapa, djapa" means 'tribe' or 'clan', for which the varieties are named. Fabre (2005) lists "Kanamarí, Txuhuã-djapá, Katukína do Jutaí" (Katukina proper), and "Katawixi" as four attested languages. 
A large number of Katukinan dialects have gone extinct. Loukotka (1968) illustrates data from "Catuquina" (Wiri-dyapá, of the Jutaí River), "Canamari, Parawa" (Hon-dyapa), "Bendiapa," and "Catauxi" (Catosé, Hewadie, Katawishi, Quatausi). Canamari, Parawa, and Bendiapa (Beñ-Dyapá) may constitute a single language, as may "Tucundiapa" (Mangeroma, Tucano Dyapa). He also notes a "Tawari" (Tauaré, Kadekili-dyapa, Kayarára), and a "Buruá" (Burue, Buruhe), of which nothing has been recorded. 
Mason (1950) gives "Pidá-Dyapá" and "Kutiá-Dyapá" as dialects of Catukina, and "Cadekili-Dyapá" and "Wadyo-Paraniñ-Dyapá" (Kairara) as dialects of Tawari, corresponding to Loukotka's names Kadekili-dyapa and Kayarára. He adds "Catukino" and a "miscelaneous" list of "Amena-Dyapá, Cana-Dyapá, Hon-Dyapá" (which Loukotka identifies with Parawa), "Marö-Dyapá, Ururu-Dyapá," annd "Wiri-Dyapá" (which Loukotka identifies with Catuquina).
Many ethnic Katukina had shifted to other languages by the time of European contact. Examples are Panoan Katukina and unclassified Katukinaru.

</doc>
<doc id="9658833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658833" title="Jomsom Airport">
Jomsom Airport

Jomsom Airport is an airport serving Jomsom, a town in the Mustang District of the Dhawalagiri Zone in Nepal. It is known as one of the world's most dangerous airfields and is a particular favourite of flight simulator fans. It serves as the gateway to Muktinath temple, which is a popular pilgrimage for Nepalis and Indians.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 06/24 which measures .
Incidents.
On 14 May 2012, an Agni Air Dornier 228 crashed while attempting to land at Jomsom airport, killing 15 of 21 people on board. The crash claimed the life of Indian child actress Taruni Sachdev.
On 16 May 2013, a full year and two days later, Nepal Airlines Flight 555 carrying 21 people crashed on the bank of the Kaligandaki River (the plane’s brakes failed while landing). No one was killed. Eight of the plane's passengers were Japanese tourists while the three crew members and other passengers were Nepali.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9658834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658834" title="Musya">
Musya

"Musya: Imoto's Saga or Musya: The Classic Japanese Tale of Horror, known in Japan as Gōsō Jinrai Densetsu Musya" (豪槍神雷伝説「武者」 "Gōsō Jinrai Densetsu Musha", roughly "Brave Spearman Jinrai's Legend - Warrior"), is a 1992 action platformer video game developed by Jorudan and published by Datam Polystar for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The game was translated into English by Seta U.S.A.. "Musya" was released in Japan on April 21, 1992 and in North America in December 1992. The name "Musya" is romanized by the English translators in the Kunrei-shiki style ("Musya") instead of the Hepburn romanization style ("Musha").
Gameplay.
Imoto, bearing 16 units of health (Qi (気 "Ki", meaning "life energy")), dies when the health is depleted. He carries up to three lives (命 "Inochi"). The game starts with three lives; once the life count is zero and Imoto dies, the game ends. When Imoto defeats a boss, the words "monster defeated" (怨霊調伏 "Onryō Chōfuku", "Vengeful Ghost Submitted") appear and the player gains a scroll containing a new spell.
Plot.
"Musya" follows a pikeman (described as a spearman in the Japanese version and a pikeman in the English version) named Imoto (Jinrai (神雷) in the Japanese version), who must descend to the abyss to save Shizuka, a maiden. After Imoto survives a battle in which all other combatants perish, he travels to Tengumura Village, where he collapses. The mayor, Akagi (who is not named in the Japanese version), greets Imoto and tells him that Shizuka (しずか) needs to be rescued. Imoto heads into Tengumura Cavern (known in the Japanese version as Kihōshōnyūdō (鬼宝鍾乳洞)).
Development.
Editing for the English-language edition.
The game received several edits for the North American edition. For instance, the large testes of the tanuki character were removed for the North American edition. In addition, the manji (卍) shown to reveal the amount of spell scrolls held were edited away.
The Japanese version of the game is one of the few games that uses Japanese numerals. The English version uses Hindu-Arabic numerals.
Japanese dialogue is replaced with English-language dialogue. In addition, "Musya" uses Japanese kanji characters in various parts of the game to represent modes and levels. For instance, in the Japanese version of the game, the English-language word "Pause" is not used; instead the word "Ippuku" (一服, meaning "break" or "to take a break") appears from both ends of the screen. In the English-language version, the word "Pause" forms under the word "Ippuku," with the "Pa" under the "一" and the "Use" under the "服."

</doc>
<doc id="9658845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658845" title="Kay's Cross">
Kay's Cross

Kay's Cross was a large stone cross (roughly high by wide) located in northeastern Kaysville, Utah, US The monument is rumored to have been erected by polygamists in the 1940s, but the exact age is disputed; another common rumor is that the cross was built by early settlers of the town to mark a grave of either his wife, or entire family. The hollow in which the cross stood was owned in the 1940s by Charles and Ethel Kingston, founders of the infamous polygamist Kingston clan. They may have been the ones who built the cross where the patriarch of the family received his "vision" to found the church, however the religious affiliations to early polygamists in the area is disputed because the FLDS church, and polygamist splinter groups from the mainstream LDS Church do not use the cross as a symbol of their faith or their religious activities, the Apostolic United Brethren being the sole exception. More recently, it has been asserted that the cross was built by followers of Krishna Venta, a religious leader in the 1940s and 50s, who claimed to be the Second Coming of Christ and led a small sect based out of Simi Valley, California. [http://www.deseretnews.com/article/219287/ANOTHER-ANGLE-SURFACES-IN-KAYS-CROSS-SAGA.html]
While the origins of the cross are unknown, its demise was well known and publicized. On February 25, 1992, at 10 pm, local residents heard a loud boom. This boom was the explosion of Kay's Cross, which had been packed with explosives and blown into several large pieces. The police have never made an arrest in connection with this case. Some people still believe that the explosion was not man made, others believe the police did it themselves because they were tired of responding to calls to the remote location.
During the 1980s, curious grade school children from nearby Samuel Morgan Elementary School would wander down into Kay's Hollow to see the cross and recount the legends surrounding its origin and current uses. Legends regarding Kay's Cross are abundant, ranging from "dog men" to spousal murder and satanic rituals.
In 2013, a "haunted" tour of Kay's Cross and the surrounding forest was started, stirring interest again in the decades old legend.
Today, even though access to the remains of the cross has been surrounded by subdivisions, and with policemen almost nightly patrolling the site for trespassers on the property, the cross remains a local legend with high interest and is still visited by many teenagers and young adults.

</doc>
<doc id="9658867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658867" title="Jumla Airport">
Jumla Airport

Jumla Airport is an airport serving Jumla, the capital of the Jumla District in the Karnali Zone in Nepal.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one asphalt paved runway designated 09/27 which measures .
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9658878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658878" title="Shathra">
Shathra

Shathra is a Spider-Man villain and a character in the Marvel Comics universe.
Fictional character biography.
Shathra is a totem of the spider wasp, much as Spider-Man is rumored to be a totem of the spider. As spider wasps kill spiders, she escaped the astral world where she lived to find Spider-Man (Spider-Man had previously visited her world and accidentally alerted her to his presence). Her plan was to feed "the spider" to her children once she killed him.
After a first encounter, Shathra found out who he was and assumed a human form. Calling herself Sharon, she went to Fox News and claimed to be Spider-Man's lover to draw him out and disgrace him. Spider-Man quickly came to the studio and angrily attacked her, revealing her wasp form. After an intense battle, she poisoned him with wasp venom to paralyze him. After falling into a museum exhibit, he was found by Ezekiel Sims and taken to Ghana in Africa.
There, as Peter waited in an ancient Spider Temple, Shathra tracked him, and they fought in an intense showdown. However, she was attacked by a swarm of spiders, which covered her and killed her.
Shathra next appeared disguised as Kaine's friend Annabelle and seduced him. When she morphed into her natural Shathra form she was able to beat up Kaine, but when she tried to kill Kaine's friend Wally, Kaine and ripped her to shreds.
Powers and abilities.
Shathra is an extremely powerful foe, almost on the level of Morlun. She is very, very strong, and is very agile. Shathra also has the ability to shoot stingers out of her wrists (akin to an actual wasp), which causes her prey to be paralyzed-much as a spider-wasp actually does to a spider. Spider-Man later gained this ability (temporarily) during storyline.

</doc>
<doc id="9658894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658894" title="Jan Bartram">
Jan Bartram

Jan Lewis Bartram (born 6 March 1962 as Jan Louis Bartram), known simply as Jan Bartram, is a Danish former professional association football player in the midfielder position. He played for Scottish team Rangers F.C. and Bayer 05 Uerdingen in Germany, as well as Danish teams AGF and Brøndby IF. He earned 32 caps and scored five goals for the Denmark national football team and was in the Danish squad for the 1986 FIFA World Cup.
Club career.
Bartram signed his first contract with Aarhus Gymnastik Forening (AGF) in 1982. He got his national breakthrough with AGF in the top-flight Danish 1st Division championship as a left-sided attacking midfielder, and helped the club win the 1986 1st Division championship. After the 1987 1st Division season, he moved to play abroad. 
He signed for multiple Scottish Premier League champions Rangers F.C., but his stay would be a short one. He was assured by Rangers manager Graeme Souness that he would fit into the Rangers tactics, but found himself deployed as a strictly defensive full back. He gained some notoriety for having his thoughts on then-Rangers manager Graeme Souness published in an interview with Danish paper Ekstra Bladet, allegedly calling Souness a beast or hooligan. He and Souness denounced the interview together, but Bartram repeated some of the accusations in his 1998 autobiography. He left Rangers after six months in the summer 1988. 
He moved back to Denmark, and signed for defending Danish champions Brøndby IF. He stayed there for less than half a year, playing a total 23 games for the club. Bartram was soon sold on to Bayer 05 Uerdingen in the German Bundesliga by Brøndby CEO Per Bjerregaard, in a deal which yielded a DKK3.5 million surplus for Brøndby. He made his Uerdingen debut in November 1988 and played 74 games in his three seasons at the club, playing alongside fellow Danish international and former Brøndby player Brian Laudrup. Bartram did not take to the strict discipline of new coach Timo Konietzka and played his last Uerdingen game in March 1991, before he was fired for arriving late at a training session.
He moved back to AGF in the Danish top-flight, now known as the Danish Superliga, and made his Superliga debut for AGF in April 1991. He played 14 Superliga games until June 1991, when he took a sabbatical year away from football, and travelled around the world. He returned to AGF's Superliga team in August 1992, and played a further 35 games for the club until April 1996. From May 1994 to June 1996 he was also AGF's sports director.
International career.
Bartram made his international debuted for the Denmark national football team in January 1985. Having played three internationals, he was included in the Danish team for the 1986 FIFA World Cup, though he did not play any games at the tournament. He was a mainstay in the Danish national team during his many club changes. Following three games in the qualification campaign for Euro 1992, Bartram decided to quit the national team in November 1990 alongside Brian Laudrup and Michael Laudrup, but he returned to the team for a game in April 1991. He played his last national team game in May 1991, having participated in 32 national team games and scored five international goals.

</doc>
<doc id="9658904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658904" title="The Wichita Train Whistle Sings">
The Wichita Train Whistle Sings

The Wichita Train Whistle Sings was the first solo album by Michael Nesmith and was recorded while he was still a member of the Monkees. It peaked at No. 144 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.
The album comprises instrumentals performed by a full orchestra. All but one of the songs were recorded by the Monkees (a couple of them weren't released until the "Missing Link" albums).
The album was made over a two-day session on November 18–19, 1967 at the RCA studios in Hollywood, and featured the best musicians in Hollywood (including most of the key members of "The Wrecking Crew"), including ten trumpets, ten trombones, ten saxophones, 2 drummers, five percussionists, four pianos, eight basses, seven guitars. Because it was the weekend, all musicians were paid double time and the session was catered by Chasens, the finest restaurant in Hollywood, and Nesmith provided an open bar, with the predictable result that most of the normally highly disciplined cadre of studios musician were drunk by the time the session finished. It all cost $50,000. Nesmith explained to Hal Blaine that he was about to pay a similar sum in tax and he would rather spend it on the sessions and write it off than give it to the IRS.
The recording is also notable for the famous incident that occurred at the end of the sessions - the lead sheet for the final track recorded ("Don't Call On Me") included an instruction that called for the players to improvise a cacophony of sound; as the track concluded, to the astonishment of his colleagues, renowned guitarist Tommy Tedesco took off his Fender guitar (which was still plugged into the amplifier), threw it high into the air, and the instrument crashed to the floor and smashed to pieces. According to a 2000 interview with Hal Blaine, Tedesco's wife later collected the pieces and had them framed.
In 1977, Nesmith re-released "The Wichita Train Whistle Sings" through his multimedia company, Pacific Arts (PACB 7-113). Unlike the original Dot Records black background album cover, the Pacific Arts cover had a white background and was dominated with only the album title. Nesmith's name also did not appear on the re-release.
CD Release.
When Nesmith released "Wichita Train" on CD, he recorded the album onto digital from a phonograph. As he explained in the liner notes, the album was intended to be played on vinyl, and this, therefore, was an attempt to capture the album's true essence. Unfortunately, this means that it sounds as if the CD still has the vinyl's RIAA equalisation (low frequencies cut and high frequencies boosted) which makes the sound harsh and over-bright.
The album was also remastered (with correct EQ) and re-released along with "Timerider" in 2008 on the Edsel label.
Track listing.
All songs by Michael Nesmith except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9658926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658926" title="Taça Nacional de São Tomé e Príncipe">
Taça Nacional de São Tomé e Príncipe

Taça Nacional de São Tomé e Príncipe is the top knockout tournament of the Federação Santomense de Futebol, it was created in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9658932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658932" title="Rust-Oleum">
Rust-Oleum

Rust-Oleum is a maker of protective paints and coatings for home and industry use. It was founded in 1921 by Robert Fergusson (a sea captain, not the famous poet) after he noticed that raw fish oil spilled on rusty metal decks stopped corrosion from spreading. He soon incorporated whale oil into the formula, although many changes have been made over the years.
Rust-Oleum remained a family owned company until 1994. Today, Rust-Oleum Corporation is owned by RPM International Inc.
In 1979 the company's slogan, "Rust Never Sleeps", was adopted by Neil Young (upon a suggestion by Mark Mothersbaugh) as a name for an album.
Facilities.
Rust-Oleum Corporation's corporate headquarters are in Vernon Hills, Illinois, a northern suburb of Chicago. Rust-Oleum manufactures product in Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin; Hagerstown, Maryland; Tulsa, Oklahoma; and multiple other locations in the United States and Europe.
Sport venues.
Vernon Hills High School's football stadium is named Rust-Oleum Field, as the corporation donated money for the stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9658946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658946" title="John Mathieson (cinematographer)">
John Mathieson (cinematographer)

John Mathieson, B.S.C. (born 3 May 1961) is a British cinematographer. He is one of a group of film makers who emerged from the music video industry of the late '80s and '90s. His peers include cinematographers Tim Maurice Jones ("Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels") and Seamus McGarvey BSC ("Atonement") and directors Michel Gondry ("Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind") and David Fincher ("Seven"). The inventiveness and visual style of music videos did much to shape the evolution of contemporary feature films.
Life and career.
Beginning his career in the British film industry as camera assistant to Gabriel Beristáin, Mathieson worked his way through the ranks. In 1988 he garnered recognition for the ground breaking video "Peek-a-Boo" for Siouxsie and the Banshees, directed by Peter Scammel. He collaborated with John Maybury, director of the Sinéad O'Connor video "Nothing Compares 2 U", going on to photograph Maybury's award winning film "". Mathieson honed his craft through the 90's shooting numerous television commercials and music videos for artists including Madonna, Prince and Massive Attack.
In the mid 90's Mathieson photographed two feature films for director Karim Dridi, for which he was later bestowed the honour of Chevalier by the French government. He came to the attention of Tony Scott whilst shooting television commercials for the London based company RSA films. After working as visual effects cinematograher on "Enemy of the State" for Tony Scott, Mathieson photographed the film "Plunkett & Macleane" for Jake Scott. Having seen Mathiesons work on Plunkett, Ridley Scott invited him to work on his next project. Mathieson has photographed four films for Ridley Scott, nominated for an Academy Award for "Gladiator" in 2000 and won the BAFTA award for best Cinematography in the same year. His second Oscar nomination came for "The Phantom of the Opera" (2004) directed by Joel Schumacher.
Despite a career now cemented in big budget film production, Mathieson maintains links with independent British film, working on more modest budget projects including "Trauma" directed by Marc Evans and "Stoned" directed by Stephen Woolley.
Mathieson lives in the United Kingdom and is currently working on "After.Life" with director Agnieszka Wojtowicz-Vosloo.

</doc>
<doc id="9658948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658948" title="Seuthes III">
Seuthes III

Seuthes III () was a king of the Odrysian kingdom of Thrace from ca. 331 BC to ca. 300 BC, at first tributary to Alexander the Great of Macedon.
Thrace had been largely subject to Macedon since the campaigns of Alexander's father Philip II in 347-346, followed by his conquest of southern Thrace in 341 BC. After Philip's death in 336 BC, the Thracian tribes revolted against Alexander, who waged a campaign against and defeated the Getae and King Syrmus of the Triballi. All other Thracians submitted to him and sent troops to join his army. A son of Seuthes, Cotys II, had gained Athenian citizenship.
Seuthes in turn revolted against the Macedonians about 325 BC, after Alexander's governor Zopyrion was killed in battle against the Getae. He was apparently subdued by Antipater, but after Alexander died in 323 BC he again took up arms in opposition to the new governor Lysimachus. They fought each other to a draw and each withdrew from battle, but ultimately Seuthes was compelled to acknowledge the authority of Lysimachus, by then one of Alexander's successor kings. In 320 BC, Seuthes III moved the Odrysian kingdom to central Thrace and built his capital city at Seuthopolis (Kazanluk). In 313 BC he supported Antigonus I in the latter's war against Lysimachus, occupying the passes of Mount Haemus against his overlord, but was again defeated and forced to submit. Lysimachus ultimately died in the Battle of Corupedium against Seleucus I Nicator in 281 BC, following which Thrace came under the suzerainty of Ptolemy Keraunos.
Tomb of the Thracian King Seuthes III
The Tomb of the Thracian King Seuthes III is situated in the Golyamata Kosmatka mound, at a distance of 1 km south from the town of Shipka north from the town of Kazanlak. It was found in 2004. The Tomb was built in the second half of 5th century BC. The following items were found inside it – the golden crown of the ruler, a golden kilix (a wine glass), knee-pads and a helmet, applications for horse tackle, etc., which are presented in the historical museum of the town of Kazanlak. A remarkable thing is the bronze head of the statue of Sevt III buried ritually in front of the façade, which is quite detailed. It is an important evidence of the Thracian Orphic rituals.
The tomb temple consists of a corridor, an anteroom, a round chamber with high tholos cover and a rectangular chamber, constructed as a sarcophagus by two monolith blocks, one of which weighs more than 60 tones. The three halls are built of rectangular stone blocks and are covered with slabs. A two-winged marble door closes the entrance to the round chamber. The upper plains of the wings are decorated with images of God Dionysus, as in the east part he is an embodiment of the sun, and in the west – of the earth and the night.
The ritual couch and the ritual chamber are placed in the rectangular chamber. They were covered with fabric made of a golden thread, after that a splendid funeral of the ruler was performed. Above the phial, the jug and the helmet was inscribed the name of Seuthes, which proves that in the beginning of 3rd century BC here was buried Sevt III – the famous Thracian ruler of the Odrysian kingdom.
The capital of his kingdom, called Seuthopolis, is situated at about ten kilometers south-west from the tomb, on the bottom of Koprinka dam. The head of the statue of Seuthes is buried in the tomb, and it was placed on a pedestal in the capital Seuthopolis.
The personal belongings and the gifts, needed for the afterlife of the ruler are carefully placed in the chamber. After the burial the entrance of the round chamber and the anteroom were blocked, the horse of the ruler was sacrificed, and the corridor was ritually set on fire.
The tomb is a part of the Valley of the Thracian Kings, which also includes the Kazanlak tomb, as well as the tombs and the temples found in the mounds Goliama Arsenalka, Shushmanets, Helvetsia, Grifoni, Svetitsa and Ostrusha.

</doc>
<doc id="9658963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658963" title="Jaff (Kurdish tribe)">
Jaff (Kurdish tribe)

The Jaff people (also "Jaaf", "Jaf", "Caf" or جاف) They are native to the Zagros area, which is divided between Iran and Iraq. Jaff tribe originated in the year 1114 by Kurdish King Zaher Beg Jaff. The Jaff dialect (called Jaffi) is part of Sorani, a south-southeastern branch of Kurdish language family. The region inhabited by this tribe is southwest of Sanandaj all the way to Javanroud, and also areas around the city of Sulaimaniyah in Southern Kurdistan. Once nomadic, the Jaff have more recently settled into a predominantly agricultural way of life.
Geographic distribution and clans.
Total population of the tribe reaches close to 500,000 people in both Iraq and Iran. At present, they are settled mainly in Halabja and Kalar regions of Iraqi Kurdistan and the Kermanshah region of Iranian Kurdistan.
History.
The West began ties with the Jaff tribe during World War I, when Ely Bannister Soane established contact. After the war, the tribe opposed Sheikh Mahmud Barzanji, as well as Great Britain’s failure to grant Kurdish autonomy in Iraq. Post-World War II, the Jaff tribe has decreased in importance due to changes in borders, governments and tribal settlements.
Saddam Hussein's chemical attack on Halabje on March 16, 1988 killed at least 5,000 people and injured or sickened 7,000 more. The majority of these victims were Jaff tribe members.
Notable members.
Leaders and politicians:
Jawhar Namiq Salm political and military leader of the Kurdish revolution (Gulan), he was first president of the Kurdistan National Assembly in 1992, writer and philanthropist.
Mahmood Pasha Jaff, Kurdish King and supreme chief of the Jaff tribe, stayed in Constantinople as a 'honorary detainee' for two years in 1892-1894 in a house in Beşiktaş
Mohamed Pasha Jaff, a Kurdish King and supreme chief of the Jaff tribe, he built Sherwana Castle in 1734.
Osman Pasha Jaff, a Kurdish King, who married Adela Khanum of the old Ardalan family.
Lady Adela or (Adela Jaff) (1847–1904) called Princess of the Brave by the British, Married Kurdish King Osman Pasha Jaff, was famous for her role in the region, namely in the era of Shiekh Mahmood Al-Hafeed.
Mawlana Khalid (Khâlid-i Baghdâdî) (c. 1778–1826) was one of the famous Kurdish Sufis. In the early 19th century, he brought the highly influential Naqshbandi Sufi order to Kurdistan.
Akram Jaff (1929-2010), Writer. Iraqi Minister of Agriculture in 1965, he resigned to protest against the atrocities committed by the Iraqi Army in Kurdistan. Ambassador of Iraq in Rome 2004-2008.
Salar Al-Jaff, Hanged for being a convicted Persian Shah supporter
Sirwan Abdullah Jaff, chairman of the executive council for the autonomous region
Jabir al-Jaff, Judge in the Kirkuk Court
Abdel-Qader al-Jaff, Arbil mayor 1989
Mohammed Amin Al-Jaff, Ambassador to Japan 1986 and Ambassador to China 1991
Muhammad Beg Jaf MP Kirkuk 1976
Jalal Jaff, 1st Secretary of the Chinese Embassy 1960
Scholars and poets and artists:
Khanai Qobadi (ca.1700-1759) was an 18th-century Jaff poet and one of the main poets in school of Gurani poetry.
El-Begi Jaf (1493–1554) is a Jaff poet, born in Sharazor, who wrote in the Gorani dialect. He is known for his prophecies on the future of Iran and the Orient.
Nalî (1797 or 1800-1855 or 1856) is poet who contributed immensely to making Sorani the literary language of southern Kurdistan, that is, most of present-day Iraq and the neighboring districts in Iran.
Abdulla Goran (1904-1962)is brought about a revolution in Kurdish poetry, and is also called the father of modern Kurdish literature.
Keffee Effendi, scholar in Kurdish, Turkish, Arabic, and Persian
Tara Jaff (1958–present) is a musician specializing in harp. She studied classical music and piano at Baghdad's Musical Academy and she lives in Britain.
Hanna Jaff Deputy Secretary of Immigrants in the Institutional Revolutionary Party in Mexico, and Honorary Representative of Garmiyan in Latin America.
Jaff rugs.
The Jaff tribe is known for their rugs, woven on -wide looms and usually twice as long as they are wide. The color patterns of old rugs are highly prized, as the quality of Jaff weaving has declined in recent decades.

</doc>
<doc id="9658993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658993" title="Morris Friedman">
Morris Friedman

Morris Friedman was, until 1905, the private stenographer for Pinkerton detective James McParland. Friedman came to the attention of the public when he published an exposé of anti-union actions by the private detective industry which was called The Pinkerton Labor Spy.
The book focused in particular on how mining and ore milling companies used spies during the Colorado Labor Wars.
Friedman was called as a witness at the trial of the Secretary-Treasurer of the Western Federation of Miners (WFM), Big Bill Haywood. The "Idaho Daily Statesman" described the Russian-born Friedman as,
...a striking looking young fellow, rather languid... with a shock of black hair, and his features of the marked Hebrew type. Heavy, thick glasses magnify his naturally large eyes and his smooth shaven face is very pale. He was slow and deliberate in his actions, like the railway conductor who knew the train wouldn't leave without him.
Friedman "described dirty tricks used by the Pinkertons to subvert the WFM, including the use of undercover operatives within the WFM who padded bills to drain the Federation treasury and reduced payments to miners to build dissatisfaction with Haywood."
Friedman described the Pinkertons as a secret police force. Under questioning by Clarence Darrow, defense attorney for Bill Haywood, Friedman identified Pinkerton agents who had infiltrated the Western Federation of Miners: Charlie Siringo, who became recording secretary of the miners' union in Burke, Idaho; A.H. Crane, secretary of the Cripple Creek, Colorado union; C.J. Connibear, president of the Florence, Colorado union; R.P. Bailey, a member of the Victor, Colorado union; and A.W. Gratias, president of the union at Globeville. Pinkerton Agent George W. Riddell, former president of the Eureka miners union in Utah, was forced to resign when Friedman published the book.
Friedman provided the attorneys with a stack of documents which had been signed by Detective McParland, attesting to the authenticity of his observations. Many reporters thought that the witness's testimony indicated,
...that many of the infiltrators were actually agents provocateurs who'd committed crimes to bring the unions into disrepute.

</doc>
<doc id="9658999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9658999" title="List of Boston College Eagles starting quarterbacks">
List of Boston College Eagles starting quarterbacks

A list of the players who have started a game at quarterback for the Boston College Eagles football team.

</doc>
<doc id="9659005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659005" title="Giancarlo Marocchi">
Giancarlo Marocchi

Giancarlo Marocchi (born 4 July 1965 in Imola) is a former Italian footballer. He was a central midfielder.
Career.
During his club career he played for Bologna (1982–88, 1996–2000) and Juventus (1988–96). He earned 11 caps for the Italy national football team from 1988 to 1991, and was included in the 1990 FIFA World Cup squad when Italy finished third on home soil. In 18 seasons as a professional he collected 500 appearances in league play with 33 goals; 287 with Bologna (18 goals) and 213 with Juventus (15 goals).
In Serie A he racked up 329 appearances and 20 goals.
While playing for Juventus he won one Scudetto, two Coppe Italia, one UEFA Champions League and two UEFA Cups.
After retirement.
Currently he works as TV pundit for the Italian broadcaster SKY Sport Italia.

</doc>
<doc id="9659006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659006" title="List of Davis Cup champions">
List of Davis Cup champions

The Davis Cup (known as the "International Lawn Tennis Challenge" until 1945) is an annual tennis tournament for male players that has been held since 1900. The tournament sees players competing for their country in a series of singles and doubles matches over the course of three days. The countries are divided into groups based upon their location or performance in previous years. The Davis Cup World Group is the top level of the competition and features matches between players from the top 16 countries at the start of the year. Countries that lose their first round match face a relegation play-off against winning countries from the continental zones. World Group winning countries progress to the quarter-finals. Nations have to win a further three ties in order to claim the position of Davis Cup Champions.
The British Isles (now known as Great Britain) lost the first competition in 1900, defeated by the United States 3–0 in the final in Boston, Massachusetts. Czech Republic is the current defending champion, having defeated Serbia in the final in 2013. Czech Republic is the only country except United States and Australia to hold both Davis Cup and Fed Cup at the same time. The Czechs did the same in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9659036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659036" title="Bobby Anderson (American football)">
Bobby Anderson (American football)

Robert Conrad Anderson (born October 11, 1947) is a former American college and professional football player who was a halfback in the National Football League (NFL) for five seasons during the 1970s. Anderson played college football for the University of Colorado, and received All-American honors. He was picked in the first round of the 1970 NFL Draft, and played professional for the Denver Broncos, New England Patriots and Washington Redskins of the NFL. Anderson was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2006.
Early years.
Anderson was born in Midland, Michigan. He attended Boulder High School in Boulder, Colorado.
College career.
Anderson attended the University of Colorado, where he played for the Colorado Buffaloes football team from 1967 to 1969. He was the Buffaloes' dual-threat running quarterback during his sophomore and junior seasons, and led the team in both rushing and passing. The 1967 Buffaloes finished 9–2 and second in the Big Eight Conference, and Anderson scored twice as Colorado beat the Miami Hurricanes in the Bluebonnet Bowl. The 1968 Buffaloes finished 8–3, for third in the conference. When the 1969 Buffaloes faced injuries in the backfield, Anderson shifted to running back for the third game. The team finished third in the conference and went to the Liberty Bowl, where he rushed for a bowl record 254 yards and three touchdowns in a 47–33 victory over the Alabama Crimson Tide. Following his senior season, Anderson was recognized as a consensus first-team All-American.
Anderson's older brother Dick played for Colorado as a defensive back from 1965 to 1967.
Professional career.
The Denver Broncos selected Anderson in the first round (eleventh pick overall) of the 1970 NFL Draft, and he played for the Broncos from to . He played a final NFL season in , splitting the year between the New England Patriots and Washington Redskins. In five NFL seasons, Anderson played in fifty-three games, and rushed 313 times for 1,282 yards and nine touchdowns. He also had eighty-four receptions for 861 yards and two touchdowns.
Post-playing career.
Anderson formerly served as a long-time broadcaster on the CU Football Network. Anderson also appeared in the 1977 Robbie Benson movie "One On One" as "Hitman King".
".

</doc>
<doc id="9659041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659041" title="Etrap">
Etrap

An Etrap (plural: etraplar) is a second tier administrative division of Turkmenistan.

</doc>
<doc id="9659047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659047" title="Príncipe Island League">
Príncipe Island League

Príncipe Island League is the top division of the Federação Santomense de Futebol for the Príncipe Island,

</doc>
<doc id="9659106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659106" title="Dennis Main Wilson">
Dennis Main Wilson

Dennis Main Wilson (1 May 1924 – 20 January 1997) was a British producer of radio and television programmes, mainly for the BBC.
Biography.
After wartime work for the German Service of the BBC, he worked in comedy. He was producer of the "The Goon Show"'s first two series. Owing to his fondness for alcohol, the Goons nicknamed him 'Dennis Main Drain'. Subsequently he produced the first four series of "Hancock's Half Hour" on radio before leaving to train in television. "Till Death Us Do Part", also for the BBC, is his best remembered television work. 
Main Wilson has been described by "Screenonline" as "arguably the most important and influential of all comedy producers/directors in British radio and television".
Other shows he produced include "Sykes and a..." with Eric Sykes and Hattie Jacques, "Here's Harry" with Harry Worth, "It's Marty" starring Marty Feldman and "The Rag Trade" (which he also directed). He had less success with "Private Eye TV", an attempt to turn the magazine "Private Eye" into a television programme.
In 1976, a scene-shifter at the BBC handed him a script he had written. Main Wilson turned it into "Citizen Smith". The scene-shifter was John Sullivan, who later wrote "Just Good Friends", "Dear John" and "Only Fools and Horses". Main Wilson gave TV breaks to Stephen Fry, Hugh Laurie, Griff Rhys Jones and Emma Thompson. 
Main Wilson died of lung cancer at the age of 72.
His son, Andrew Main Wilson, became chief executive officer of the Association of MBAs (AMBA) on 17 August 2013. Until March 2013 Andrew Main Wilson was chief operating officer of the Institute of Directors.

</doc>
<doc id="9659124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659124" title="Need for Speed (disambiguation)">
Need for Speed (disambiguation)

Need for Speed is a racing video game series. It's also a phrase showing a desire to go fast, usually in a vehicle, such as a race car; popularized in the 1986 film "Top Gun". It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9659133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659133" title="Andrea Carnevale">
Andrea Carnevale

Andrea Alessandro Carnevale (born 12 January 1961 in Monte San Biagio) is an Italian former footballer.
Career.
Club.
After playing for various teams he enjoyed success with Napoli from 1986 to 1990, playing alongside Diego Maradona in which he won two Scudetti, one Coppa Italia and the UEFA Cup once.
In 1990, he moved to Roma, but after 4 goals in his first five games he was suspended for a year for illegal drug use, alongside teammate Angelo Peruzzi. He spent two more years in Rome before playing three seasons in Serie B for Pescara (twice) and Udinese.
National team.
He earned 10 caps and scored 2 goals for the Italy national football team from 1989 to 1990, and was included in the 1990 FIFA World Cup squad when Italy finished third on home soil. Carnevale was a regular starter for the Italians in the run up to the tournament in friendlies and appeared in Italy's first two games.
After being replaced by Totò Schillaci in Italy's opening game with Austria, Carnevale watched on as Schillaci scored 2 minutes later. Carnevale started the next game against USA but after he again failed to score he was once more replaced by Schillaci. It turned out to be his last game for Italy.
Carnevale also played for Italy at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Honours.
Napoli

</doc>
<doc id="9659142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659142" title="Don't Drop Bombs">
Don't Drop Bombs

"Don't Drop Bombs" is the second single (UK) from Liza Minnelli's album "Results", produced by Pet Shop Boys and Julian Mendelsohn. "Don't Drop Bombs" was popular on the club circuit, but failed to make the Top 40 in the UK (peaking at #46). The single would only find its way the U.S. club scene as an import and on the DJ subscription remix services Razormaid and This is Only a Test.
Music video.
The video is considered very camp and has similar references to other music videos and styles of the 1980s including Bananarama's "Venus", a touch of Michael Jackson towards the end, and even a reference to the Broadway Melody ballet from "Singin' in the Rain" with Gene Kelly and Cyd Charisse. Parts of the video were shot in black and white.

</doc>
<doc id="9659158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659158" title="Secret Life">
Secret Life

Secret Life, The Secret Life or The Secret Life of... may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9659164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659164" title="Aging in dogs">
Aging in dogs

Aging in dogs covers the impact of aging in the domestic dog ("Canis lupus familiaris"), common medical and clinical issues arising, and life expectancy.
As with humans, advanced years often bring changes in a dog's ability to hear, see and move about easily. Skin condition, appetite and energy levels often degrade with geriatric age, and medical conditions such as cancer, renal failure, arthritis and joint conditions, and other signs of old age may appear.
The changes in care often required by an older dog may lead a non-experienced owner to release the animal to a shelter or rescue organization. Non-profit groups have sprung up in response to the growing need for senior dog rescue.
The aging profile of dogs varies according to their adult size (often determined by their breed): smaller dogs often live over 15–16 years, medium and large size dogs typically 10 to 13 years, and some giant dog breeds such as mastiffs, often only 7 to 8 years. The latter also mature slightly older than smaller breeds—giant breeds becoming adult around two years old compared to the norm of around 12–15 months for other breeds. 
Terminology.
The terms "dog years" and "human years" are frequently used when describing the age of a dog. However, there are two diametrically opposed ways in which the terms are defined:
However, regardless of which set of terminology is used, the relationship between dog years and human years is not linear, as the following section explains.
Aging profile.
They can be summarized into three types:
No one formula for dog-to-human age conversion is scientifically agreed on, although within fairly close limits they show great similarities.
As a rough approximation, the human equivalent of a one-year-old dog is between about 10 and 15 years—a one-year-old dog or cat has generally reached its full growth and is sexually mature, although it might still be lanky and need to fill in a more mature musculature, similar to human teenagers. The second year is equivalent to about another 3 to 8 years in terms of physical and mental maturity, and each year thereafter is equivalent to only about 4 or 5 human years.
Emotional maturity occurs, as with humans, over an extended period of time and in stages. As in other areas, development of giant breeds is slightly delayed compared to other breeds, and, as with humans, there is a difference between adulthood and full maturity (compare humans age 20 and age 40 for example). In all but large breeds, sociosexual interest arises around 6–9 months, becoming emotionally adult around 15–18 months and fully mature around 3–4 years, although as with humans learning and refinement continue thereafter.
According to the UC Davis "Book of Dogs", small-breed dogs (such as small terriers) become geriatric at about 11 years; medium-breed dogs (such as larger spaniels) at 10 years; large-breed dogs (such as German Shepherd Dogs) at 8 years; and giant-breed dogs (such as Great Danes) at 7 years.
Life expectancy by breed.
Life expectancy usually varies within a range. For example, a Beagle (average life expectancy 13.3 years) usually lives to around 12–15 years, and a Scottish Terrier (average life expectancy 12 years) usually lives to around 10–16 years.
The two longest living dogs on record, "Bluey" and "Chilla", were Australian Cattle Dogs. This has prompted a study of the longevity of the Australian Cattle Dog to examine if the breed might have exceptional longevity. The 100-dog survey yielded a mean longevity of 13.41 years with a standard deviation of 2.36 years. The study concluded that while Australian Cattle Dogs are a healthy breed and do live on average almost a year longer than most dogs of other breeds in the same weight class, record ages such as Bluey's or Chilla's should be regarded as uncharacteristic exceptions rather than as indicators of common exceptional longevity for the entire breed.
A random-bred dog (also known as a mongrel or a mutt) has an average life expectancy of 13.2 years in the Western world.
Sorted by breed.
These data are from Michell (1999). The total sample size for his study was about 3,000 dogs, but the sample size for each breed varied widely. For most breeds, the sample size was low. For a more comprehensive compilation of results of longevity surveys, see the breed data tables at the Dog Longevity web site.
Factors affecting life expectancy.
Apart from breed, several factors influence life expectancy:
For more information, see Health effects of neutering.
A major study of dog longevity, which considered both natural and other factors affecting life expectancy, concluded that:
Effects of aging.
In general, dogs age in a manner similar to humans. Their bodies begin to develop problems which are less common at younger ages, they are more prone to serious or fatal conditions such as cancer, stroke, etc., they become less mobile and may develop joint problems such as arthritis, and in old age often become less physically active. Additionally, they become less able to handle change, including wide climatic or temperature variation, and may develop dietary or skin problems or go deaf. In some cases incontinence may develop and breathing difficulties may appear.
The most common effects of aging are:

</doc>
<doc id="9659186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659186" title="Molly Kazan">
Molly Kazan

Molly Kazan (December 16, 1906 – December 14, 1963) was an American dramatist and playwright.
Kazan was born Mary Day Thacher in Orange, New Jersey, the daughter of Emma Cecelia (née Erkenbrecher) and Alfred Beaumont Thacher, a lawyer, and the granddaughter of Elizabeth (Day) and classicist and college administrator Thomas Anthony Thacher. Her uncle was lawyer Thomas Thacher. She was the first wife of the acclaimed and controversial film director Elia Kazan.
She wrote the following plays:
She died in 1963 in Bellevue Hospital in New York City following a cerebral hemorrhage. She was 56 years old.
She was survived by her husband and four children, including the playwright Nicholas Kazan. Her granddaughter is actress Zoe Kazan.

</doc>
<doc id="9659191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659191" title="Francis O. Lindquist">
Francis O. Lindquist

Francis Oscar Lindquist (September 27, 1869 – September 25, 1924) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Lindquist was born in Marinette, Wisconsin and attended the common schools. He moved to Greenville, Michigan, in 1904 and engaged in the mail-order clothing and manufacturing business. He moved to Grand Rapids in 1915 and became president of the Canada Mills Co., of New York and Michigan. 
Lindquist was elected as a Republican from Michigan's 11th congressional district to the 63rd United States Congress, serving from March 4, 1913 to March 4, 1915. He was not a candidate for renomination in 1914 and resumed the mail-order business in Grand Rapids. After the First World War, he returned to Greenville and supervised a correspondence-school course for sales people. In 1922, he lost to Bird J. Vincent in the Republican primary election for U.S. Representative in Michigan's 8th congressional district. 
Lindquist died just two days before his 55th birthday in Grand Rapids and is interred at Forest Rose Cemetery of Greenville.
References.
Correction: Burial location - Forest Home Cemetery - Greenville, Montcalm County, Michigan (alongside his wife Georgia Clare Bannister, his son Francis Oscar Lindquist Jr and daughter Roberta M. Lindquist.

</doc>
<doc id="9659208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659208" title="WCRX (FM)">
WCRX (FM)

WCRX (88.1 FM) is a radio station based in Chicago, Illinois. WCRX 88.1FM is a Non-commercial campus radio station owned and operated by Columbia College Chicago. Located at 33 East Congress in Chicago Columbia College Chicago owns the station's FCC license and facilities. The station is run by Columbia College Chicago students and is operated by the school's radio department. WCRX was bought from the University of Illinois at Chicago in the 1980s. WCRX provides music, news, sports, and community affairs programming. 

</doc>
<doc id="9659231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659231" title="Lindquist">
Lindquist

Lindquist is a surname of Swedish origin which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9659237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659237" title="Kinamigin language">
Kinamigin language

Kinamigin, also Cinamiguin, Kamigin, or Quinamiguin is a Manobo language spoken on the island of Camiguin in the Philippines. It is declining as most inhabitants have shifted to Cebuano.
Kinamigin, also Cinamiguin, Kamigin, or Quinamiguin, is a Manobo language spoken on the island of Camiguin in the Philippines. It is declining as most inhabitants have shifted to Cebuano.

</doc>
<doc id="9659243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659243" title="International rankings of South Korea">
International rankings of South Korea

The following are international rankings of South Korea.
Health & Safety.
Note: In the case of statistics with potentially conflicting meanings, the rankings have been converted to reflect the same direction - Positive statistics rank higher, while negative statistics rank lower.

</doc>
<doc id="9659263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659263" title="The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (disambiguation)">
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (disambiguation)

"The Secret Life of Walter Mitty" is a 1939 short story by James Thurber. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9659285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659285" title="The Medieval Underworld">
The Medieval Underworld

The Medieval Underworld is a 1972 publication authored by Andrew McCall. It is still in publication with Barnes & Noble Books of New York. 
The title details the basis for criminal and ecclesiastical justice from the fall of Rome to about 1500. The book also has many contemporary prints and artworks to illustrate it.

</doc>
<doc id="9659288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659288" title="Crested eagle">
Crested eagle

The Crested Eagle ("Morphnus guianensis") is a large Neotropical eagle. It is the only member of the genus "Morphnus".
Distribution.
It is sparsely distributed throughout its extensive range from northern Guatemala through Belize, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, the subtropical Andes of Colombia, northeastern Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana, Brazil (where it has suffered greatly from habitat destruction, being now found practically only in the Amazonian basin), and east Andean Ecuador, southeastern Peru, Paraguay and eastern Bolivia to north Argentina.
Habitat.
The Crested Eagle lives in humid lowland forests, mostly comprised by tropical rainforests. They can also range in gallery strips and forest ravines. Over most of the range, sightings of the species are from sea-level to . However, in the Andean countries, they appear to be local residents in foothill forests up to elevation or even .
Description.
This species is a large but slender eagle. It measures 71–89 cm (28–35 in) long and has a wingspan of 138–176 cm (55–70 in). A few adult males were reported to weigh 1.75–3 kg (3.9–6.6 lbs), while females are about 14% larger on average.
The Crested Eagle has a large head, an effect enhanced by the often extended feather crest of its name. It has bare legs, with a sizable tarsus length of . The tail is fairly long, measuring in length. The wings are quite short for the eagle's size but are broad and rounded. Forest-dwelling raptors often have a relatively small wingspan in order to enable movement within the dense, twisted forest environments. The wing chord measures . The plumage of the Crested Eagle is somewhat variable. The head, back and chest of most adults are light brownish-gray, with a white throat and a dark spot on the crest and a small dark mask across the eyes. There are also various dark morphs where the plumage is sooty-gray or just blackish in some cases. The distinctive juvenile Crested Eagle is white on the head and chest, with a marbled-gray coloration on the back and wings. They turn to a sandy-gray color in the second year of life. Dark morph juveniles are similar but are dark brownish-gray from an early age. In flight, Crested Eagles are all pale below except for the grayish coloration on the chest.
This species often overlaps in range with the less scarce Harpy Eagle, which is likely its close relative and is somewhat similar to appearance. However, the Crested Eagle is roughly half that species' bulk and is clearly more slender. Generally, Crested Eagles are silent but do make a call occasionally that consists of a pair of high whistles, with the second whistle being higher pitched than the first.
Ecology.
The Crested Eagle may avoid direct competition with the Harpy Eagle by taking generally smaller prey. Birds may comprise a larger portion of the diet for Crested than they do for Harpys. Birds such as jays, trumpeters and guans have been observed to be predated at fruiting trees and male cocks-of-the-rock have been predated while conspicuously performing at their leks. However, the Crested Eagle is certainly a powerful avian predator in its own right and most studies have indicated they are primarily a predator of small mammals. Often reflected in the diet are small monkeys, such as capuchin monkeys, tamarins, and woolly monkeys. Other mammalian prey may include numerous arboreal rodents as well as opossums and kinkajous. Various studies have also pointed to the abundance of snakes (both arboreal and terrestrial varieties) and other reptiles (principally lizards) in its prey base, but the relative frequency of different types of prey apparently varies greatly on the individual level. The Crested Eagle seems to be a still-hunter, as it has been observed perched for long periods of time while visual scanning the forest around them.
The Crested Eagle is almost always observed singly or in pairs. The breeding season is from March–April (the borderline between the dry season and the wet season in the neotropics) onwards. The nest is often huge but has a shallow cup and is typically in the main fork of a large tree, often concealed near the canopy in greenery. No further details are known of the breeding or brooding behavior of the species.
Status.
The Crested Eagle has always seemed to occur at low densities and may occasionally elude detection in areas where they do occur. Though they still have a large distribution, they are currently classified as Near Threatened by the IUCN. Due to their seemingly high dependence on sprawling forest, they are highly effected by habitat destruction. They are believed to no longer occur in several former breeding areas where extensive forest have been cleared. It is thought that they are occasionally hunted by local people and, in some cases, are shot on sight. If discovered while perched, they are relatively easy to shoot, since they usually perch for extended periods of time.

</doc>
<doc id="9659302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659302" title="Miles Sound System">
Miles Sound System

Miles Sound System (MSS), formerly known as Audio Interface Library (AIL), is a sound software system primarily for video games and used mostly as an alternative for low-end audio chipsets. It uses little CPU time while providing adequate audio output. It was originally a middleware driver library for soundcards to use in DOS applications when no viable alternative was available. RAD Game Tools acquired the technology from Miles Design in 1995.
AIL version 2 for DOS has been released by John Miles as open-source code. The package can be found on his personal site (KE5FX) and contains code for both real-mode and protected-mode programs.

</doc>
<doc id="9659307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659307" title="Hal Lewis (Aku)">
Hal Lewis (Aku)

Hal Lewis (died 1983), aka J. Akuhead Pupule or Aku, was the morning air personality in 1965 at KGMB, an AM station in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Brief biography.
Hal Lewis became a personality in his own right when he moved to Hawaii in 1946 from San Francisco, where he had been an unemployed violinist. His cabaret act failed and he soon became a staff announcer at KGMB in Honolulu. According to his newspaper biography, he was so poor that he had to sleep on Waikiki Beach. Although he was terminated for insubordination within weeks of his arrival, Hal Lewis was able to get another job at KPOA.
It was at KPOA that Lewis perfected his own style of presentation, which incorporated repetitious time checks, and it was this gimmick that caused him to get the name ""aku-head"" from a furious listener after he had given out the incorrect time on the radio. Lewis then dropped his own name for J. Akuhead Pupule or plain Aku. Another version of this story is that at his first station, the station sales manager and his team brainstormed the moniker to explain to the innocent audience of post-War Honolulu that this talkative Jewish personality looked like a crazy fish head. When the sales manager brought his young son (who would be the third generation of his family to spend his own life on Honolulu's airwaves: Harry B Soria), to the station, he was shocked the first time he saw Aku as he was definitely not the bald-headed aged grandfather figure that his radio voice had conjured in his imagination. 
Using the name J. Akuhead Pupule, he had his own short-lived recording label, Aku Records. It had a green label, with a cartoon of Hal Lewis with an exaggerated nose. He persuaded Alfred Apaka to record on his label, with Aku backing him on violin. Aku also recorded himself singing and playing violin on "My Little Buckaroo," among other tunes.
Radio Luxembourg.
Never one to stay still, Aku began jumping from station to station in Hawaii and in the process he built up a following. In 1955 he showed up in London, England at the offices of the Radio Luxembourg programme listings magazine called 208. Aku asked to speak to the station management and he made a proposal to buy the morning time slot from 6 AM to 9 AM in order to present his own breakfast show. Unfortunately the transmitter which was located in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg was only capable of reaching the British Isles in strength during the evening hours and his proposal was rejected.
KORL 650AM, Honolulu.
(The old KPOA) Aku broadcast from the "Tree House" at the International Market Place at Waikiki in the early 1960s.
KGU 760AM, Honolulu.
Aku's broadcast home for several years was the top of the Advertiser Newspaper building in downtown Honolulu until he moved back to KGMB. At one time, one of the twin towers on roof of the Advertiser building had the KGU call letters in four foot neon lights. Aku had this changed to AKU in neon lights for several months.
KGMB, Honolulu.
In 1965 Aku eventually managed to return to KGMB in Honolulu where his career had begun and where it blossomed as their morning show presenter.
When Mayor Frank Fasi forbid Star-Bulletin reporter Richard Borreca to attend his press conferences, the newspaper sued and the case was heard by federal judge Sam King who ruled that the mayor's action was unconstitutional. When King lost his race for governor, Fasi personally attacked him. Aku invited them to appear together on his popular morning radio program, where King attacked back. King later observed that he and Frank Fasi didn't bear each other any real enmity, but that Aku had gotten his show a ratings boost.
Aku was thought to be charming and contrary at the same time. He is reported to have become the world's highest paid deejay while barely managing to avoid bankruptcy several times. His on-air presence was calm but his off-air presence was obnoxious. While others would spin rock 'n' roll records Aku played up beat music from the 1960s. In addition to his other traits, Aku was a prankster who caused thousands to show up for a non-existent parade one April Fools' Day. But while he loved to create havoc, he had a thin skin for critical press reviews, and while others saw him as an entertainer, he saw himself as a journalist. Aku would also read the news during his morning show. This "Coconut Wireless News" segment would start off with a jingle that included sounds of coconut shell effects.
Aku died in 1983, but managed to get the last laugh on the airwaves when he unleashed his own recorded announcements to stimulate a public mourning for his passing.

</doc>
<doc id="9659308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659308" title="The Chicken of Tomorrow">
The Chicken of Tomorrow

The Chicken of Tomorrow is a 1948 documentary short film about advances in chicken and egg farming. This mini-documentary was narrated by Lowell Thomas and is in the public domain.
The film was mocked in a seventh-season episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000".
Synopsis.
"The Chicken of Tomorrow" deals with poultry farming and egg farming in the mid-1940s. Filmed to educate the public about how poultry and eggs are farmed, it also deals with how advances in genetic engineering and technology produces a larger chicken. Eggs are farmed and kept in industrial incubators, and an equal number of chickens are used for meat and other products. Altogether, this produces more food for less money, and allows people to support local poultry farms without breaking the bank. This is relatively similar to today's poultry farming despite there now being technological differences.

</doc>
<doc id="9659315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659315" title="Old Greenwich, Connecticut">
Old Greenwich, Connecticut

Old Greenwich is a neighborhood/section and census-designated place in Greenwich in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 6,611. It was founded in 1641.
The town of Greenwich is one political and taxing body, but consists of several distinct sections or neighborhoods, such as Banksville, Byram, Cos Cob, Glenville, Mianus, Old Greenwich, Riverside and Greenwich (sometimes referred to as central, or downtown, Greenwich). Of these neighborhoods, three (Cos Cob, Old Greenwich, and Riverside) have separate postal names and ZIP codes.
One of the founding settlers of Old Greenwich was Elizabeth Fones Winthrop, niece and daughter-in-law of John Winthrop, founder and Governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. What is now called Greenwich Point was known for much of its early history as "Elizabeth Neck" in recognition of Elizabeth (Fones) Winthrop Feake and their 1640 purchase of the Point and much of the area now known as Old Greenwich.
The Old Greenwich Railroad Station, originally called the "Sound Beach Railroad Station", built in 1894 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989, serves commuters in the neighborhood. The town's largest beach is on a long, thin peninsula at the southwest end of the neighborhood. The town's local beach is called Tod's Point after a former resident. The beach is now public property, which belongs to the town of Greenwich. Residents can purchase a seasonal beach pass. Non-residents can purchase a one-day pass for $20 per vehicle. During "off season", Innis was a popular sledding destination for kids in Old Greenwich and neighboring Stamford.
Old Greenwich was known as "Sound Beach" in the 19th century, and the main road through the small downtown business section is Sound Beach Avenue.
Old Greenwich had an industrial presence back in the 1950s/60s when Electrolux had a vacuum manufacturing facility on Forest Avenue, opposite "ECCman Center" (now Greenwich Civic Center). The Civic Center also hosted a very fine swamp where local kids would pick cattails and search for frogs and turtles.
The town of Greenwich has one political body (RTM - Representative Town Meeting). It has several distinct sections each with its own mailing address and ZIP code, such as Byram, Cos Cob, Glenville, Mianus, and Riverside and Greenwich proper (downtown Greenwich). The original "well to do" population lived mainly in "The Back Country" (north of the Merritt Parkway) or in the exclusive Belle Haven area on the waterfront.

</doc>
<doc id="9659328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659328" title="Le théâtre des nouveaux compagnons">
Le théâtre des nouveaux compagnons

Le théâtre des nouveaux compagnons (English: "The Theatre of New Companions") is a Québécois theatre troupe. It was created in 1920 in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada. It is the oldest theatre troupe in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="9659329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659329" title="Sebastopol Goose">
Sebastopol Goose

The Sebastopol is a breed of domestic goose, descended from the European Graylag. First exhibited in England in 1860 under the name 'Sebastopol Goose'; they were also referred to as Danubian geese; a name first used for the breed in Ireland in 1863. 'Danubian' was used as a synonym in the 19th century; and only given precedence by Edward Brown after the turn of the 19th century. The Sebastopol is a medium-sized goose with long, white curly feathers. The feathers of the neck are smooth and sometimes greyish-brown. Crosses have produced all-gray, buff, and saddle back variants. Feathers on the breast may be curly (frizzle) or smooth. The gander weighs 12-14 lbs while the goose weighs 10-12 lbs. The legs and shanks are orange and the eyes bright blue. On average, females produce 25-35 eggs per year.
Though domesticated breeds of geese generally retain some flight ability, Sebastopols cannot fly well due to the curliness of their feathers and have difficulty getting off the ground. They need plenty of water to keep themselves clean, and to clean their sinuses (as do all waterfowl).
In German, they are called "Lockengans" or "Struppgans", meaning "curl-goose" and "unkempt goose".
History.
It has been stated the breed was developed in Central Europe along the Danube and the Black Sea. However, it is documented that the birds were originally met with in the Crimea and sent from the port of Sevastopol, Ukraine as the name implies, and arrived in England in 1860. By the 19th century they were found in all the countries surrounding the Black Sea. The alternate name Danubian reflected their prevalence around the river Danube. They were originally bred to use their curly feathers in pillows and quilts.
Breeding.
Breeding over the last hundred years has increased the average weight of the birds by thirty percent. This occurred in America due to matings with Embden Geese made in the late 19th century. It is best to avoid breeding two specimens both having curly breast feathers, as they may develop abnormal wings.

</doc>
<doc id="9659351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659351" title="Harry Edward Stinson">
Harry Edward Stinson

Harry Edward Stinson (Wayland, Iowa, January 3, 1898 - July 27, 1975, San Diego, California) was a noted 20th century sculptor.
He grew up in Winfield, Iowa. In 1918 he enlisted in the US Army and was discharged in 1919. In 1920 he attended the University of Iowa, Iowa City and received his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1921. He studied art at the Cummings School of Art, Des Moines, Iowa, and then at the National Academy of Design, and Art Students League of New York between 1926-28. In 1923, he was a resident painter member of The Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation at Oyster Bay, Long Island, New York.
He traveled throughout Europe to study art in 1930 and then returned to the University of Iowa, where he was the first in the nation to receive a Master of Fine Arts degree in 1940. While he was working toward this degree he participated in several WPA projects, which included a statue honoring Chief Blackhawk in 1934 at Crescent Park, Blackhawk Lake, Lakeside, Iowa; a memorial to Lewis and Clark, in 1936, in Council Bluffs, Iowa; and sculptured walls in the Iowa Union Building of the University of Iowa in 1940, honoring the sons and daughters of Iowa who served their country in military service. A model of the statue of Chief Blackhawk was exhibited in a place of honor in the Iowa Building at the Chicago Century of Progress Exposition. While in Iowa he worked with artists Grant Wood and Jean Charlot.
In 1941 he moved to New York City with his family of wife, Ruth Eby Stinson, and two daughters, Carolyn and Norma. He joined the faculty the Art Department at Hunter College of the City of New York. He joined the Clay Club in Greenwich Village to have a place to create his own works and the Clay Club later became the Sculpture Center on 69th Street in NYC. His sculptures evolved from wood and clay, to stone, to welded steel.
He has exhibited in such venues at the National Academy of Design and American Watercolor Society in NYC, and the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="9659376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659376" title="Roberto Tricella">
Roberto Tricella

Roberto Tricella (born 18 March 1959) is a former Italian footballer. He was born at Cernusco sul Naviglio, near Milan.
During his club career he played for Inter (1977–79), Hellas Verona (1979–87), Juventus (1987–90), and Bologna (1990–92). He earned 11 caps for the Italy national football team from 1984 to 1987, and was included in the 1986 FIFA World Cup squad. He also competed for Italy at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9659383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659383" title="Joseph Florimond Loubat">
Joseph Florimond Loubat

Joseph Florimond Loubat (January 31, 1831 – March 1, 1927) was a U.S. philanthropist. He was ennobled as Duc de Loubat by Pope Leo XIII in 1893.
Loubat was born in New York City into a wealthy family. He traveled extensively in Europe, and graduated from the University of Paris.
In 1898, he gave Columbia University a gift of $1.1 million, and later gave Columbia money to fund the Loubat Prize. He also endowed chairs at several universities across Europe and the United States, including Columbia.
Honors.
In addition to his ennoblement, Loubat was a member of the Academie des Inscriptions et Belles Lettres, a Commandeur of the Légion d'honneur, and a member of the Union Club, Knickerbocker Club, and New York Yacht Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9659444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659444" title="Percy Wyn-Harris">
Percy Wyn-Harris

Sir Percy Wyn-Harris, KCMG, MBE, KStJ (born Percy Wynne Harris on 24 August 1903 in Acton, Middlesex; died 25 February 1979 in Petersfield, Hampshire) was an English mountaineer, political administrator, and yachtsman. He was Governor of the Gambia from 1949 to 1958 and was knighted in 1952.
Early life and mountaineering.
Wyn-Harris was educated at Gresham's School, Holt, and Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where as an undergraduate he was a member of the University Mountaineering Club.
In 1925, he made the first ascent without guides of the Brouillard Ridge on Mont Blanc. In 1929, while serving with the Colonial Service in Kenya, Wyn-Harris met mountaineer Eric Shipton and together they climbed the twin peaks of Mount Kenya, making the first ascent of Nelion, the secondary summit. A member of Hugh Ruttledge's 1933 Mount Everest expedition, Wyn-Harris reached Edward Norton's record height of 8,573 m (28,126 feet). At around 8,460 m (27,920 ft), he discovered an ice axe, which was almost certainly a remnant of Mallory and Irvine's ill-fated attempt at a first ascent in 1924. Wyn-Harris returned to Everest in 1936, in an expedition again led by Hugh Ruttledge.
Colonial Service.
Wyn-Harris served with the Colonial Service in Africa for over thirty years and was Governor of The Gambia from 1949 to 1958. Subsequently, from October 1960 to June 1961, he served as Administrator of the Northern Cameroons, a region of Nigeria that previously had been a League of Nations mandate but had become a United Nations Trust Territory overseen by the United Kingdom. A United Nations plebiscite on the region's future conducted during his tenure resulted in the region formally becoming part of Nigeria at the end of May 1961.
In 1953, he formally changed his name to Percy Wyn-Harris, from his birth name of Percy Wynne Harris.
Yachtsman.
Between 1962 and 1969, Wyn-Harris circumnavigated the globe in his sloop "Spurwing", a Gunning Grundel.

</doc>
<doc id="9659445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659445" title="Runecraft">
Runecraft

Runecraft Ltd was a software design and development studio, specializing in brand-led video games. Runecraft's clients included US publishers such as Hasbro, Mattel, Interplay, Activision, Crave and Ripcord. The company was initially based in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire. The company was formed in April 1997 by Martin and Rodney Hooley. In the years following Runecraft rapidly expanded on the back of a number of successful projects including Spec Ops, Mat Hoffman's Pro BMX, Caesar's Palace, Scrabble and Barbie. Runecraft also developed the cancelled PlayStation port of Baldur's Gate.
At its high point Runecraft had approximately 150 employees and satellite offices in Glasgow, Nottingham, Taunton and Leeds. It also had a small presence in the USA and Japan.
BBC Multimedia picked up some of the pieces to release the failed FightBox TV game in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9659454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659454" title="Antonio Di Gennaro">
Antonio Di Gennaro

Antonio di Gennaro (born 5 October 1958 in Florence) is a former Italian footballer.
During his career, the midfielder played for Fiorentina (1976–80), Perugia (1980–81), Hellas Verona (1981–88) and Bari (1988–91). Whilst at Verona he was a member of the side that won the Serie A title in 1984-85.
Di Gennaro earned 15 caps and scored 4 goals for the Italy national football team between 1984 and 1986, including playing in all four Italian matches at the 1986 FIFA World Cup. He made his international debut on 3 November 1984, and all 15 of his caps were won whilst he was playing his club football with Verona.

</doc>
<doc id="9659463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659463" title="Robert Austerlitz">
Robert Austerlitz

Robert Austerlitz (December 13, 1923 – September 9, 1994) was a noted Romanian-American linguist. Born in Bucarest, he emigrated to the United States in 1938. In June 1950, he received a Master of Arts from Columbia University, where he studied under André Martinet. With funding from the Ford Foundation, he studied the Uralic and Altaic languages at the University of Helsinki from 1951 to 1953 and Nivkh and Hokkaido at the University of Tokyo from 1953 to 1954.
Life.
He earned his doctorate from the Department of Uralic and Altaic languages at Columbia University in December 1955. Afterward, he returned to Japan to study the languages Nivkh, Orok, and Ainu, this time with funding from both the Ford Foundation and the American Philosophical Society. He also conducted research in Finland, funded by the New York Botanical Gardens.
He became Assistant Professor of Linguistic and Uralic Studies at Columbia University in 1958 and Associate Professor from 1962 to 1965. Between 1960 and 1965, together with Uriel Weinreich, William Diver, and André Martinet, he was co-editor of the journal "Word". In 1965, he became Professor of Linguistic and Uralic Studies at Columbia, where he served as President of the Department of Linguistics for the following three years. 
In 1961, with funding from a National Science Foundation grant to Michael Krauss, Austerlitz conducted approximately one month of field work with the Eyak language, resulting in a collection of at least eight recordings and approximately 600 pages of manuscript notes, now housed at the Alaska Native Language Archive.
In 1965, with funding from Indiana University, he researched the Hungarian language by invitation of the Institute for Cultural Relations, located in Budapest, Hungary. He was visiting professor at eight universities, including Yale, Helsinki, and the University of California at Berkeley. 
He was Councilor of the Interlingua Institute, which funded and promoted Interlingua, from 1975 until his death in 1994. In 1990, he became President of the Linguistic Society of America. In the summer of 1994, shortly before his death, he received an honorary doctorate from the University of Helsinki. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1991.
Publications.
His publications include the books "Ob-Ugric metrics: The metrical structure of Ostyak and Vogul folk-poetry" (1958) and "Finnish reader and glossary" (1963). He was co-editor of "Readings in linguistics II" (1966) with Eric P. Hamp and Fred W. Householder. This volume followed "Readings in linguistics" (1958), edited by Martin Joos.

</doc>
<doc id="9659484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659484" title="Young measure">
Young measure

In mathematical analysis, a Young measure is a parameterized measure that is associated with certain subsequences of a given bounded sequence of measurable functions. Young measures have applications in the calculus of variations and the study of nonlinear partial differential equations. They are named after Laurence Chisholm Young.
Definition.
We let formula_1 be a bounded sequence in formula_2, where formula_3 denotes an open bounded subset of formula_4. Then there exists a subsequence formula_5 and for almost every formula_6 a Borel probability measure formula_7 on formula_8 such that for each formula_9 we have formula_10 in formula_11. The measures formula_7 are called the Young measures generated by the sequence formula_1.
Example.
Every minimizing sequence of formula_14 subject to formula_15 generates the Young measures formula_16.
This captures the essential features of all minimizing sequences to this problem, namely developing finer and finer slopes of formula_17.

</doc>
<doc id="9659487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659487" title="David Levi (musician)">
David Levi (musician)

David Julian Levi (born November 13, 1994) is an American teen actor and keyboard player. He is best known for the role as himself on "The Naked Brothers Band". Both in the show and in real life, David Levi has known Nat Wolff and his family since they were in preschool.

</doc>
<doc id="9659516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659516" title="Private Eye TV">
Private Eye TV

Private Eye TV was an unsuccessful attempt to turn the satirical magazine "Private Eye" into a television programme.
In celebration of the magazine's tenth anniversary, the best of its output was compiled by Barry Took and read out by the magazine's staff and assorted comedy stars (like "Private Eye", largely originating themselves from the Satire Boom) such as John Bird, Eleanor Bron, Spike Milligan, William Rushton, John Wells, Christopher Booker, Barry Fantoni, Paul Foot and Richard Ingrams.
It was broadcast only once on BBC2 at 10.30pm on Tuesday 28 December 1971.
Some short extracts were re-shown on BBC2's "Comedy Map of Britain" documentary broadcast in February 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9659518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659518" title="Nixon v. Herndon">
Nixon v. Herndon

Nixon v. Herndon, 273 U.S. 536 (1927), was a United States Supreme Court decision in which the Court struck down a 1923 Texas law that forbade blacks from voting in the Texas Democratic primary. Due to the limited amount of Republican Party activity in Texas at the time following the suppression of black voting through poll taxes, the Democratic Party primary was essentially the only competitive process and chance to choose among candidates. 
This was one of four cases supported by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) that challenged the Texas Democratic Party's all-white primary, which was finally prohibited in the Supreme Court ruling "Smith v. Allwright" (1944).
Facts.
In 1902 the Texas legislature passed a requirement for a poll tax, which resulted in suppressed voting by blacks and Mexican Americans. As voter participation declined among these groups, the Democratic Party became more dominant.
Dr. L.A. Nixon, a black physician in El Paso, sought to vote in the Democratic Party primary of 1924 in El Paso, Texas. The defendants, who were magistrates in charge of elections, prevented him from doing so on the basis of a 1923 Texas statute which provided that "in no event shall a negro be eligible to participate in a Democratic party primary election held in the State of Texas." Nixon sought an injunction against the statute in federal district court. The district court dismissed the suit, and Nixon appealed to the Supreme Court.
Issue.
Nixon argued that the statute violated the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments to the Constitution. The defendants argued that the Court lacked jurisdiction over the issue, as it was a political question.
Ruling.
The unanimous Court, speaking through Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, rejected the argument that the political question doctrine barred the Court from deciding the case. The argument, said the Court, was "little more than a play upon words." While the injury which the plaintiff alleged "involved political action," his suit "allegeand s[ought to recover for private damage." 
The Court then turned to the merits of the suit. It said that it was unnecessary to discuss whether the statute violated the Fifteenth Amendment, "because it seems to us hard to imagine a more direct and obvious infringement of the Fourteenth." The Court continued: 
Aftermath.
Texas quickly enacted a new provision to continue restrictions on voter participation, granting authority to political parties to determine who should vote in their primaries. Within four months the Executive Committee of the Democratic Party passed a resolution that "all white Democrats ... and none other" be allowed to participate in the approaching primary of 1927. 
Five years later, Dr. Nixon reappeared before the Supreme Court in another suit, "Nixon v. Condon" (1932), against the all-white primary. It ruled against the state, which passed another variation authorizing a white primary. It was not until "Smith v. Allwright" (1944) that the Supreme Court "finally and decisively prohibited the white primary."

</doc>
<doc id="9659544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659544" title="Franklin Clovis Anzité">
Franklin Clovis Anzité

Clovis-Franklin Anzité (born November 2, 1985 in Bangui, Central African Republic) is a French footballer who currently plays for Home United FC.
Career.
He did not make an appearance for Swindon's first team but played in several positions in the club's reserve team. Anzité was released by manager Maurice Malpas after he publicly stated that he and two other Portuguese players brought by the previous club owners. Swindon deems his short career at the Country Ground. He signed with Football Conference side Weymouth prior to being released at the end of the season. He played the 200910 season for FC Martigues and joined in January 2011 to S.League club Etoile FC.
Personal life.
Anzité holds dual citizenship of the Central African Republic and France.

</doc>
<doc id="9659559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659559" title="Barry Clay">
Barry Clay

Barry Lloyd Clay (born November 1, 1955) is a gold miner from Palmer, Alaska. In 1998, Clay discovered the largest gold nugget ever found in Alaska on Swift Creek near Ruby. The nugget, nicknamed "The Alaska Centennial Nugget", weighs 294.1 troy ounces. In 2007 he operated a mining camp that allowed tourists to search for gold on his claims. At the 2010 Alaska Miners Association convention he was named Miner of the Year by the Alaska Department of Natural Resources. He currently does consulting work for Alaska placer mining projects of all sizes and he plans to continue to mine for gold in the Ruby-Poorman mining district in 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="9659594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659594" title="Frosty Westering">
Frosty Westering

Forrest "Frosty" Westering (December 5, 1927 – April 12, 2013) was an American football coach. He served as the head coach at Parsons College (1962–1963), Albert Lea (1966–1971), and Pacific Lutheran University (1972–2003). His career mark of 305–96–7 is a National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) record for most coaching wins, and he ranks ninth in wins among all college football coaches.
Under Westering, Pacific Lutheran won four national titles (three NAIA titles and one NCAA Division III title). 
After Westering retired, his son Scott took over as head coach of the Pacific Lutheran football team. He still coaches football at Pacific Lutheran today.
Westering served in the US Marine Corps immediately following World War II. Well known for his motivational speaking and his efforts to spread his positive outlook on life, Westering has written a popular book, "Make the Big Time Where You Are".

</doc>
<doc id="9659597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659597" title="Kumodraž">
Kumodraž

Kumodraž (Serbian Cyrillic: Кумодраж, ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac.
Location.
Kumodraž is located in the central-eastern part of the municipality, in the lower section of the Kumodraž field ("Kumodraško polje"), in the valley of the creek of "Kumodraški potok". Eastern and southern borders of the neighborhood are marked by a series of hills: Torlak, Golo Brdo, Stražarska Kosa, and the Kumodraž area is a source of many other creeks apart from the one that gave its name to the neighborhood: Rakovički potok (flows through the neighborhoods of Selo Rakovica and Rakovica), "Lipica" (Jajinci), "Zavojnička reka" (a tributary to the Bolečica river), "Bubanj potok" (flows through Bubanj Potok, also a tributary to the Bolečica), "Kamena voda", etc. To the north, Kumodraž is bordered by the neighborhood of Voždovac, to the north-west by Veliki Mokri Lug and to the east by Jajinci.
Population.
Population of Kumodraž by the official censuses of population:
In 2002 Kumodraž (I) had a population of 9,036 and Kumodraž II 3,968.
Characteristics.
Kumodraž used to be a small, agricultural village far from downtown Belgrade, but after the 1960s the population boosted as it was case in almost all Belgrade's suburbs at the time. In 1970s Kumodraž was administratively declared a local community ("mesna zajednica") within the municipality of Voždovac (part of the Belgrade City proper, "uža teritorija grada"), rather than being a separate settlement. Today, Kumodraž makes one continuous built up area, even though it is about 10 kilometers away from downtown. It is divided into several sub-neighborhoods: Kumodraž, Kumodraž I, Kumodraž II and Torlak.
One of the most important Serbian army leaders in modern history, vojvoda Stepa Stepanović, was born in Kumodraž in 1856 and his birthplace is turned into memorial-house dedicated to him, and the nearby woods is named Stepin Lug ("Stepa's grove"). In addition, the main street in Kumodraž is named "Vojvode Stepe" (though it begins much closer to downtown, at Autokomanda).
Kumodraž I.
Central and western extension of the neighborhood, the core of the modern settlement of Kumodraž. It extends into Kumodraž II on the east, Kumodraž II on the north and Torlak on the north-west. Connected to Belgrade by the bus lines 33 and 39.
Kumodraž II.
Northern extension of the neighborhood, which makes urban connection to the neighborhood of Voždovac is named Kumodraž II. It is a modern sub-neighborhood, located in the area marked by the elbow turn of the "Kumodraška" street and the street of "Vojvode Stepe". It makes a direct extension of the Voždovac's industrial zone along the "Kumodraška" street. Connected to Belgrade by the bus line 25.
Torlak.
The entire western section of Kumodraž is a sub-neighborhood of Torlak. It was named after the 308 meters-high hill of Torlak, which was very important in the military operations for the defense of Belgrade in World War I. The Institute for farmacology of Serbia and the Institute for immunobiology and virusology (vacine manufacturer, popularly known as "Torlak") are located in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="9659634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659634" title="Excelsior Super X">
Excelsior Super X

The Excelsior Super X was a motorcycle manufactured by the Excelsior Motor Manufacturing & Supply Company from 1925 to 1931. It was the most famous Excelsior motorcycle manufactured by that company and was the first American forty-five cubic inch motorcycle.
Origin.
Arthur "Connie" Constantine, Assistant Chief Engineer at the Harley-Davidson Motor Company, drew up plans for a mid-sized V-Twin to compete against the Indian Scout. When he presented the unauthorized project to co-founder Walter Davidson, he was reprimanded for wasting the company's time.
Constantine resigned his position at Harley-Davidson and offered his services and his project to Excelsior. Both were accepted, leading to the introduction of the Excelsior Super X in 1925. The design proved to be competitive in motorsports in its first year despite competing against motorcycles with engines of greater capacity.
The Super X effectively replaced Excelsior's other mainstream model, a sixty-one cubic inch V-Twin, which was discontinued during the first year of Super X production. The smaller motorcycle was believed to be a more suitable companion product for their Henderson four-cylinder motorcycle.
Construction.
The design of the Super X was a considerable departure from its predecessors at Excelsior. Where earlier Excelsiors had an enclosed primary chain transmitting power from the engine to a separate gearbox, the Super X had the engine and transmission together in a single crankcase, using a helical gear to power the transmission directly from the engine. The Super X also marked the return of leading-link forks on Excelsior motorcycles, which had earlier switched to trailing-link forks similar to those used by Indian but with coil springs instead of Indian's quarter-elliptic leaf springs.
Competition in the market.
The Super X had originally been envisioned as a competitor to the Indian Scout which was, at the time, powered by a thirty-seven cubic inch V-twin engine. Indian's initial response to the Super X came in 1927, when they enlarged the Scout engine to forty-five cubic inches. This defensive move was followed a year later with a more decisive attack, the introduction of the 101 Scout. The new Scout proved to be a formidable competitor both on the racetrack and in the marketplace.
In 1929, the Excelsior-Henderson concern restyled both its motorcycle offerings, the Excelsior Super X and the Henderson Four, for a more contemporary look. These "Streamline" models had tanks that hid the top tube of the frame and wide front fenders with holes for the forks to pass through. 
That year, Harley-Davidson released their forty-five cubic inch motorcycles, the D and the DL.
The Super X competed with the 101 Scout, the D, and the DL, until 1931. During 1931, the Indian 101 Scout was replaced by a Scout model based on the heavier Chief frame, the sport solo DLD was added to the D and DL in the Harley-Davidson line, and the Excelsior-Henderson concern ceased production of motorcycles upon the order of its proprietor, Ignaz Schwinn.
Legacy.
The Super X was America's first forty-five cubic inch motorcycle, and the racing class for forty-five cubic inch motorcycles was started in the United States one year after the Super X's introduction. The forty-five cubic inch class became the premier class in dirt-track racing, in which such motorcycles as the Indian Sport Scout and Harley-Davidson WR, KR, and XR would compete.
Although the Super X came to an abrupt end, its competitors from Indian and Harley-Davidson would continue for at least a decade.

</doc>
<doc id="9659640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659640" title="Ray Sparenberg">
Ray Sparenberg

Ray Sparenberg was a host of early horror movies from 1958 to 1963 as a character called Selwin, on WISH-TV in Indianapolis, Indiana.
One of the earliest hosts of the new rash of B-movies flooding the U.S. in the 1950s and 60s, Sparenberg later hosted different film themes as other characters such as an astronaut and safari hunter at WISH-TV.

</doc>
<doc id="9659646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659646" title="30 Something (song)">
30 Something (song)

"30 Something" is the third single from Jay-Z's album "Kingdom Come" and was produced by Dr. Dre. The main theme of the song is Jay undermining "flossin" as pertaining to the general view on hip hop. He references that he's done everything that the "young cats" are doing now and prefers to conduct himself in a more grown-up manner. 
An official remix was made, which was called the "Greg Street Remix". It features rappers Ice Cube and Andre 3000 of OutKast.

</doc>
<doc id="9659664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659664" title="Lamidanda Airport">
Lamidanda Airport

Lamidanda Airport is an airport serving Lamidanda, a village in the Khotang district of the Sagarmatha zone in Nepal.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.
Accidents and incidents.
On 15 December 2010, a Tara Air flight operated by DHC-6 Twin Otter 9N-AFX crashed into a mountain shortly after departure. The aircraft was operating a chartered passenger flight to Tribhuvan International Airport, Kathmandu, Nepal. All 19 passengers and crew were killed.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9659667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659667" title="Christ Church (New Haven)">
Christ Church (New Haven)

Christ Church, also known as Christ Church New Haven, is an Episcopal parish church in the Broadway district of New Haven, Connecticut. Christ Church follows an Anglo-Catholic style of worship and has a strong focus on urban ministry. The parish began as an offshoot from New Haven's Trinity Church, the central Episcopal church on New Haven's town green. 
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
History.
The church building, completed in 1898, was designed by architect Henry Vaughan.
It is notable for its very fine Gothic architecture, and its central location near downtown New Haven makes it something of a landmark. Its stone tower is modeled on the tower of Magdalen College, Oxford. Vaughn personally chose the artists who created the beautiful interior. Bavarian-born Johannes Kirchmayer executed the intricate wood carving, notable in particular on the rood screen. The stained glass windows (including a large window at the back of the sanctuary above the baptismal font) were created by the noted firm of C.E. Kempe in London. The high altar also features monmunental stone figures and a carved Caen stone reredos inspired by examples in Winchester Cathedral and St. Alban's in England.
The church's Solemn High Mass (11:00am September–April, 10:00am May–early September) is locally notable for its fine choral music and beautiful liturgy. Compline, sung at 9:00pm September–May, draws a large crowd of both young and old from the city of New Haven and surrounding communities as well as from nearby Yale University. Christ Church also houses the headquarters of the North American branch of the Society of Catholic Priests, a society of clergy in the mainstream of the Episcopal Church who practice the Anglo-Catholic tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="9659677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659677" title="John Price (New South Wales politician)">
John Price (New South Wales politician)

John Charles Price (born 14 May 1939) is an Australian politician, elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. 
Price was born in Mayfield, New South Wales. He was previously a marine engineer, a public servant and an engineering/marketing consultant. He is married with three children. 
Price represented Waratah from 1984 to 1999 and Maitland from 1999 to 2007 for the Australian Labor Party. He was Deputy Speaker from 1999 to 2007. He did not contest the 2007 election.

</doc>
<doc id="9659679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659679" title="History of the Baloch people">
History of the Baloch people

The Baloch people are an ethnic group that are mainly settled in the Balochistan areas of Iran, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
The word "Baloch" representing the nation as a whole; while the word "Balochi" represents the language itself alone.
Etymology.
Different researchers have analysed the name Baloch Albaloshi(Balochi : بلوچ ) or Baluch in different ways. Some say it means "Plume of rooster", based on references from Balochistan by Firdausi in which he stated that the Baloch, who fought in Ventures of Kai Khosrow, had worn cloaks with linings and a plumed turban. Others say that it means "mobile". A third group says it is a modified form of "Baloot", a Persian word which means "Desert Resider". An English researcher says that Baloch is a modified form of "Barlooch", which means "Desert Fighter." There are few mythologies about the origin of Baloch. Some claim they descendant from Aleppo (Syria) region, some claims them to be of Arab origin but the most widely research and claims are that Baloch, like the Kurds, are of Iranian race who were living in the northern part of Iranian city called Mazandaran, now province of Iran
Balochistan.
The word Balochistan is a combination of "Baloch" (a nation) and "Stan" (living place), so Balochistan means Homeland of Baloch Nation. All Baloch tribes migrated from Sistan to Makran then to Balochistan (also known by East Balochistan) then on the basis of different reasons they migrated, and spread throughout the Sub-continent. Balochistan is the region of the Iranian Plateau and South Asia where Baloch live.
Baloch ancestry.
There are different viewpoints about the origins of the Balochs, including Arabs, Turks, Habesha, Iranis, and Greeks who migrated to Balochistan with Alexander The Great and did not return.
L. M. Dames says that Balochs are ancestral Iranian, who migrated from the southern coastline of the Caspian Sea. L. W. Oshanen, a well-known anthropologist of the Soviet Union, has supported Dames' theory. The northern and southern Balochs, however, consider themselves of Arab descent, and Aleppo their first homeland. There is no doubt that Baloch tribes, particularly Bugti, and Rind, joined the Balochs during wars in Baloch regions, so there were many Arabs in that area at the time. To this viewpoint that Balochs are Arabs, Rai Bahadur Hetoraam also agrees and identifies them as descendants of Hazrat Ameer Hamza, uncle of Hazrat Muhammad,
Now have an overview on those anecdote that are based upon Balochi Ancient poetry, reasoning that the Baloch are Qureshi Arabs ( Generation of Hazrat Ibrahim). All Baloch are well-renowned due to hospitality like Arabs, no doubt whom ancestor is Hazrat Ibrahim. On the other hand Balochs curls are Imitation of Spiritual Hierarchical . Prayers of al-Aqsa Mosque never shaved there poll hair. Balochs also follow the Practice of Hazrat Abraham to judge the Truth and Falsehood by moving the suspicious person on the live coal (Baloch use Specially wood of "Kaheer" (because its coal does not turns into ash within about 24 hours) .
Briefly describing, first of all a channel (about in length, in width and depth) is dug and wood of Kaheer (commonly) is burnt to prepare coal during this time a reciter recites some verses of the Qur'an, after that the suspicious person is asked to walk on the blazing coal in the presence of Above All (Muqadams, white beard men).
If he is true then coal never burns his feet, a blameless Baloch has faith in this fact to that day. It is known by "Patt" in Balochi .
Ancient Baloch history.
According to the Balochi narration, they are Quraishi Arabs, generation of Hazrat Ameer Hamza due to Islamic ideological reasons. When Yazeed, 2nd Caliph of Umvi Caliphate, ejected Hazrat Imam Hussain, at that time Balochs living in Halab, a region wrongly been located in Syria, however it is located in Eastern Kurdistan, were confederates of Imam Hussain (R.A) against Yazeed . Yazeed Oppressed Balochs so they left Halab and migrated away . During their migration one tribe separated and moved towards the northern Egypt.
ا ز حلبا پھاز کھايوں ، گوں يزيداں جھيڑويں
In history " Koosh and Baloosh " have been described together and the same way, wrote the Arabic writers that they are same . Firdausi also narrates their same culture, and same Commander in the following epics of Shahnama:
It is obvious from above epics that Baluch and Kooch(Kurds), used to fight in the same way, under same commander and under the same Flag, showing a Leopard image (Commonly sign of avenge), according to Baluchi proverb " if stone can liquefy then a Baluch is not Avenger " because avenging is their instinct.
According to Arabic writers:
Similarly Historians claim, Language can not be the identifier of Genealogy.
In about 680, they migrated towards Kerman in Iran and stayed there for a while with peace.
It is found from the ancient Baluchi epics that there were 44 branches of Baluchs at that time .
Based upon the ancient Baluchi poetry, they migrated from Karman when Emperor of Karman pressurised them to give him 44 girls from each tribe.the emperor of karman wanted to make baloch in their control, that,s why he demanded for girls, which was against the dignity of baloch.
So, the Baluchs sent 44 boys in girls' dress and before the secret opened, they decamped towards
Kech and Makran in South-East, and camped near Arabian Sea. After dwelling for a short while, they inhabited the area now called Baluchistan (Eastern Baluchistan). The Emperor came back the boys and chased the Baluchs towards Kech and Makran, where he was retreated by Baluchs.
Baluchi epics relating to Baluch Ancestry,are of about 11th or 12th century that is the time of immigration from Sistan to Makran. In these epics 44 elementary branches (In some Baluchi epics 26) of Baluchs have been adverted. Some of those retained their Tribal names such as:
These Baloch tribes adopted their names either from an "Abode" from where they immigrated or characterised by neighbourhood as a denotation.
For example, Qatna after Qatna in Syria Magsi after Magas, a valley in Makran, Dashti after Dasht a region in Makran, Khushk and Buledi after Khushak Buleda, a valley in Iran, Muhammad Hassani after the name (Hassan Khan), Domki after Domak, a river in Iran where they used to live. Gashkori after Gash river in Iran which irrigates Khushak Bulaida Valley. While Doodai after (Doda Khan), Jatoi (Jatto, daughter of Mir Jalal Khan), Mirali (Mir Khan), Ahmadani (Ahmad Khan), Sherhanzaee (Zinadini), Umrani (Umer Khan). Zirkani Baloch are also very vast tribe of Baloch. They belong to ZARK Khan Baloch.
Similarly, Mazari is a Balochi word meaning Lion, Khosa(Balouchi) "The warrior", Hoot (Balouchi) Brave, Gabol (Persian) "aggressor" or Combatant, Bozdar (Persian ) Goat Keepers, also claimed to be derived from " Bordar " which means "Horse Bestrider" Dareshak (Persian) Brawn.Nizamani are also baloch, who are given name nizamani because of the name of an elder Sakhi Nizam.who was not only a great saint but also a mystic Sufi poet of his time. His grave is in Dera Ghazi Khan in Southern Province of Punjab Pakistan.(( Bilwani)) is also a baloch tribe which speaks saraiki language.in the same way ((bughlani)) is the derived tribe from leghari tribe. They also speak saraiki. Nutkani is a famous baloch tribe, who belong to Nutkani khan.
Kolachi, Kulachi or Kulache is a Baloch tribe that originated from Kulanch, Makran, Balochistan, Pakistan. Kolachi is considered to be a clan of Muhammad Hasni tribe and is settled in the provinces of Sindh in Ghotki District and Larkana District), the Punjab (in Dera Ghazi Khan District) and Balochistan (in Sibi District). Karachi city was named after Kolachi tribe as Kolachi-jo-Goth, who were main inbabitants of the village centuries ago. Mirrani baloch are found all over the Pakistan, specially in Dera Ghazi khan division.and Gurmani tribe also is settled in D.G.KHAN division.
Kulachi is a major tribe of Baloch Tribal system in D.I.KHAN. They speak siraiki language. Nutkani is a famous baloch tribe, who belong to Nutkani khan.
References.
"Kolachi," Kulachi or Kulache is a Baloch tribe that originated from Kulanch, Makran, Mastoi Balochistan, Pakistan. Kolachi is considered to be a clan of Muhammad Hasni tribe and is settled in the provinces of Sindh in Ghotki District and Larkana District, the Punjab (in Dera Ghazi Khan District) and Balochistan (in Sibi District). Karachi city was named after Kolachi tribe as Kolachi-jo-Goth, who were main inbabitants of the village centuries ago.Ahmadani baloch in basti ahmadani...etc.
Kulachi is a major tribe of Baloch Tribal system in D.I.KHAN. They speak siraiki language

</doc>
<doc id="9659690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659690" title="Kieron Richardson">
Kieron Richardson

Kieron Mark Richardson (born 12 January 1986; Eccles, Greater Manchester, England) is an English actor best known for playing the role of Ste Hay in "Hollyoaks".
He won "Best Onscreen Partnership" with Hollyoaks co-star Emmett J. Scanlan at the British Soap Awards in 2013.
Career.
After appearing briefly in the late night "", Richardson was offered the role of Ste Hay in the early evening "Hollyoaks" where he appeared for 19 episodes. The character was written out of the show after stealing a car, which resulted in a spectacular crash and his character getting sent to prison. He returned to Hollyoaks on 25 September 2007, and has been a regular cast member since.
Richardson has also made appearances in "Holby City", "Heartbeat" and the feature film "Fragments", as well as the pantomime "Cinderella" as Prince Charming at The Embassy Theatre, Skegness in 2006.
Richardson took part in 2010 series of ITV's "Dancing on Ice" and was paired with series newcomer Brianne Delcourt. He reached the final, finishing in third place.
In 2011, Richardson and his "Hollyoaks" ex co-star Bronagh Waugh started presenting on radio station Gaydio.
Personal life.
On 15 September 2010, Richardson revealed on television programme "This Morning" that he is gay, and accepted it at the age of 20. He was inspired to come out by Joe McElderry.

</doc>
<doc id="9659695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659695" title="Farahzad">
Farahzad

Farahzad is a neighborhood in West Tehran, the capital city of Iran.
It is located in the North West of Old Tehran, it is one of the oldest villages of Tehran. The village is over 1500 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="9659701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659701" title="Honda Crossroad">
Honda Crossroad

The Honda Crossroad refers to two specific types of SUVs made by Honda. One of them is a rebadged Land Rover Discovery Series I SUV, while the other is a completely different vehicle introduced in 2008.
Rebadged version (1993–1998).
Honda rebadged and marketed the Crossroad when market research indicated that SUVs were becoming popular. Honda bought the rights to the Discovery Series I from Land Rover and had it placed in the Japanese SUV market for a short time before the partnership ended when BMW bought Land Rover. Some of them had been sold as well to New Zealand. 
With the end of the Crossroad in the Japanese SUV market due to the termination of Honda's partnership with Land Rover, Honda replaced the Crossroad with its CR-V.
The Crossroad had been marketed for a short time in Japan from October, 1993
Problems.
Problems had emerged regarding the marketing of the Crossroad in Japan. For instance, Honda had threatened to end ties with Rover after it received news that it was sold to BMW. In 1997, a recall was issued by Honda on the advice of Ministry of Transportation due to a malfunction locking mechanism on the SUV's driver-side front door that could make the vehicle open while driving. Around 4,754 vehicles made from July 1995 to December 1996 were affected by the recall.
Reintroduced version (2008–2010).
The Honda Crossroad name was reused as a new crossover SUV, released for the Japanese market in February 2007 for the 2008 model year. The Crossroad features three rows of seats capable of accommodating up to 7 passengers. It replaces the Honda HR-V for the Japanese market.
Under the hood, the Crossroad sports one of two 4-cylinder engines of 1.8 and 2.0L in displacement. Both will be mated to the only available transmission: a 5-speed automatic. Honda's Real-Time AWD system has been thoroughly revised for the Crossroad. It now works in conjunction with stability and traction control as well as ABS brakes. For the first time in a Honda, the Crossroad will be equipped with Hill-Start Assist which temporarily maintains brake pressure after the brake pedal is released when starting on a hill. Under normal driving conditions, the Crossroad behaves as a FWD vehicle.
According to AutoWeek, Honda said it won't import the Crossroad to North America, since their similarly-sized Element takes its place. Honda's crossover SUV lineup in the United States and Canada already has the smaller Element, the mid-priced CR-V and the larger Pilot, as all three models are made in North America.
As of August 2010 the Crossroad has been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="9659735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659735" title="Margaret Brown (criminal)">
Margaret Brown (criminal)

Margaret Brown (1828-?) was a New York criminal and thief during the late 19th century. She was most widely known under the name Old Mother Hubbard, after the nursery rhyme of that name, which was popular at the time. Among her aliases she also included the surnames Young and Haskins. She was one of the most well-publicized female thieves in the United States during the mid-to late 19th century and was part of Marm Mandelbaum's "inner circle" which included other notorious women such as Big Mary, Sophie Lyons, Queen Liz and Lena Kleinschmidt.
Biography.
Born in Ireland, she became a prominent shoplifter and pickpocket specializing in handbags. Although employed as a housekeeper at times, she enjoyed a career lasting over fifty years. She was eventually arrested in Chicago, Illinois and sentenced to three years imprisonment at Joliet prison where she would suffer serious injuries in a failed escape attempt. 
After being discharged from Joliet prison in 1878, she resumed her criminal career in major cities including St. Louis, Philadelphia and New York before her arrest in Boston on March 24, 1883. Arrested while attempting to steal a handbag from R.H. White's dry goods store, she served a six-month prison sentence in the Boston House of Corrections. Following her release, she traveled to New York where she was again apprehended for stealing a pocketbook from Brooklyn resident Mrs. H.S. Dennison while in Macy's on Fourteenth Street on March 26, 1884. She was again convicted and sentenced to three months at Blackwell's Island. 
Released on July 2, she was arrested as she was leaving the penitentiary on Blackwell's Island and returned to Boston for trial, for stealing a purse containing $260 from a Mrs. Coburn in a Boston store. The New York Times reported that police records showed she had been a criminal for 50 years. She was returned to Boston where she was convicted of larceny. Although sentenced to two years in Boston House of Correction in late July, she was eventually transferred to Deer Island due to her old age and infirmity.

</doc>
<doc id="9659760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659760" title="Mary Alice Ward">
Mary Alice Ward

Mary Alice Ward (1 September 1896 – 27 July 1972) was a teacher and pastoralist born at Kooringa, Burra, South Australia. She is best remembered for her legendary hospitality as owner and operator of Banka Banka Station, a cattle station and World War II supply camp. In fact, she was known as "The Missuss of Banka Banka." Her short stature and delicate appearance belied her strength of character and confidence.
Early life.
Ward was the eldest of eight children of John McEntyre, an engineer from Victor Harbor, and his wife Margaret Anne. By 1904, the family had moved to the Western Australian goldfields, living first at Kalgoorlie and then Coolgardie. Mary began teaching at Tunneys State School in June 1915, and gained her junior cadet training certificate in September of the next year. From 1918 to 1924 she taught at Kalgoorlie, Boulder and Carlisle. She was promoted to head teacher in 1924, and moved to Parkfield, Pingrup, Cottesloe, Wyering, Keysbrook and Latham before transferring to Wyndham, Western Australia in 1932. 
Married life.
On 27 December 1932, Mary Alice married Philip "Ted" Ward, a stockman, at the office of the district registrar in Wyndham. For two years, the Wards lived at Jack Kilfoyle's Rosewood station, 120 miles southeast of Wyndham. With Mary's brother Stuart, they joined the gold rush at Tennant Creek, Northern Territory, in 1935. Prospecting at a mine site that they called Blue Moon, the family struck gold, reputedly worth about $150,000. In 1941, the Wards bought the cattle station Banka Banka, where Mary supervised the development of an extensive garden. 
Able widow.
After her husband's death in 1959, Mary ably ran Banka Banka and the family's other stations. She also owned a butcher shop at Tennant Creek, supplying it from a slaughterhouse on the property. One of her cattle managers recalled that she spent money on the welfare of her Aboriginal staff – many of whom she trained in domestic and station duties – while economizing on repairs and improvements, and eschewing new management methods. She was known to have dismissed white employees because of their ill treatment of Aborigines. She acquired five houses at Tennant Creek for her old retainers and, despite objections from the local town management board, arranged for construction in 1968 and 1969 of a large red-brick building to house former employees and their relatives. The "Mary Ward Hostel," as it was known in addition to the "Pink Palace," was later used for a range of community purposes. 
Motherly figure.
Having no children of her own, Ward cared for the babies of her Warumungu employees. In the 1950s, a native affairs branch inspector wrote that "youngsters on this station look the picture of health, and this is entirely due to the unremitting personal care and attention given by Mrs. Ward." She did not agree with the policy of removing part-Aborigines from their mothers. They sent children to school at Alice Springs at their own expense until 1961, when due to her efforts a government school opened at Banka Banka.
Death.
In 1970, suffering ill health, Mary Alice Ward sold Banka Banka and moved to Adelaide, back in her native South Australia. She died on 27 July 1972, at her North Adelaide home, and was buried with Catholic rites in Centennial Park Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9659775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659775" title="High harmonic generation">
High harmonic generation

Perturbative Harmonic Generation.
Perturbative Harmonic Generation is a process whereby laser light of frequency "ω" and photon energy "ħω" can be used to generate new frequencies of light. The newly generated frequencies are integer multiples "nω" of the original light's frequency. This process was first discovered in 1961 by
Franken et al., using a ruby laser, with crystalline quartz as the nonlinear medium.
Harmonic generation in dielectric solids is well understood and
extensively used in modern laser physics (see second harmonic generation). In 1967 New et al. observed the first third harmonic
generation in a gas. In monatomic gases it is only
possible to produce odd numbered harmonics for reasons of
symmetry. Harmonic generation in the perturbative (weak field)
regime is characterised by rapidly decreasing efficiency with
increasing harmonic order and harmonics up to the 11th order have
been observed under these conditions
. This behaviour can be
understood by considering an atom absorbing "n" photons
then emitting a single high energy photon. The probability of
absorbing "n" photons decreases as "n" increases, explaining the rapid
decrease in the initial harmonic intensities.
High Harmonic Generation (HHG).
The first High Harmonic Generation (HHG) was observed in 1977 in interaction of intense CO2 laser pulses with plasma generated from solid targets. HHG in gases, far more widespread in application today, was first observed by McPherson and colleagues in 1987, and later by Ferray et al. in 1988, with surprising results: the high
harmonics were found to decrease in intensity at low orders, as expected,
but then were observed to form a plateau, with the intensity of the harmonics
remaining approximately constant over many orders.
Plateau harmonics spanning hundreds of eV have been measured which
extend into the soft x-ray regime. This plateau ends abruptly at a position called
the High Harmonic Cut-off.
Properties of High Harmonics.
High harmonics have a number of interesting properties. They are a
tunable table-top source of XUV/Soft X-rays, synchronised with the
driving laser and produced with the same repetition rate. The
harmonic cut-off varies linearly with increasing laser intensity up
until the saturation intensity Isat where harmonic generation
stops. The saturation intensity can be
increased by changing the atomic species to lighter noble gases
but these have a lower conversion efficiency so there is a balance
to be found depending on the photon energies required.
High harmonic generation strongly depends on the driving laser
field and as a result the harmonics have similar temporal and
spatial coherence properties. High harmonics are often generated
with pulse durations shorter than that of the driving laser. This
is due to phase matching and ionization. Often harmonics are only
produced in a very small temporal window when the phase matching
condition is met. Depletion of
the generating media due to ionization also means that harmonic
generation is mainly confined to the leading edge of the driving
pulse.
High harmonics are emitted co-linearly with the driving laser and
can have a very tight angular confinement, sometimes with less
divergence than that of the fundamental field and near Gaussian
beam profiles.
Semi-classical approach to describe HHG.
The maximum photon energy producible with high harmonic generation is given by the cut-off of the harmonic plateau. This can be calculated classically by examining the
maximum energy the ionized electron can gain in the electric field of the laser. The cut-off energy is given by,
formula_1
where Up is the ponderomotive energy from the laser field and Ip is the
ionization potential. 
This derivation of the cut-off energy is derived from a
semi-classical calculation. The electron is initially treated quantum
mechanically as it tunnel ionizes from the parent atom, but then its subsequent dynamics
are treated classically. The electron is assumed to be born into
the vacuum with zero initial velocity, and to be subsequently accelerated
by the laser beam's electric field. 
Half an optical cycle after ionization, the electron will reverse direction as the
electric field changes, and will accelerate back towards the parent nucleus. Upon returning to the parent nucleus it can then emit bremsstrahlung-like radiation during a recombination
process with the atom as it returns to its ground state.
This description has become known as the recollisional model of high harmonic generation
Some interesting limits on the HHG process which are explained by this model show that HHG will only occur if
the driving laser field is linearly polarised. Ellipticity on the laser beam 
causes the returning electron to miss the parent nucleus. Quantum
mechanically, the overlap of the returning electron wavepacket
with the nuclear wavepacket is reduced. This has been observed
experimentally, where the intensity of harmonics decreases rapidly
with increasing ellipticity. Another effect which limits the
intensity of the driving laser is the Lorentz force. At
intensities above 1016 Wcm−2 the magnetic component of
the laser pulse, which is ignored in weak field optics, can become
strong enough to deflect the returning electron. This will cause
it to 'miss' the parent nucleus and hence prevent HHG.

</doc>
<doc id="9659811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659811" title="Meghauli Airport">
Meghauli Airport

Meghauli Airport is an airport serving Meghauli, a village in the Chitwan district of the Narayani zone in southern Nepal.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9659815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659815" title="Empress Shulü Ping">
Empress Shulü Ping

Empress Shulü Ping (述律平) (879-953), nickname Yueliduo (月里朵), formally Empress Yingtian ( or Empress of Earth (地皇后) during the reign of her husband Emperor Taizu of Liao (Yelü Abaoji), posthumous name initially Empress Zhenlie (貞烈皇后, "the virtuous and achieving empress") then Empress Chunqin (淳欽皇后, "the pure and honored empress") was an empress of the Khitan Liao Dynasty. After Emperor Taizu's death in 926, she served as empress dowager to her own death in 953. She was directly involved in two imperial successions and is credited with changing expectations of widows in Khitan society.
Succession of Taizong.
When her husband, who was posthumously known as Emperor Taizu, died in 926, she was directly involved in the succession of her son, Deguang, to the throne. Abaoji/Taizu had designated Prince Bei, his eldest son, as successor in 916 in an effort to introduce the Chinese notion of primogeniture to the succession process. This was a dramatic change from Khitan norms.
However, Prince Bei was not seen by either Yingtian or the Khitan nobility as being worthy of succession. She urged that the second son, Deguang was more worthy of succession and her husband then named him as heir. Her primary concern regarding Prince Bei seems to have been his addiction to Chinese learning.
Deguang exhibited the ideal qualities of a steppe leader, and while Prince Bei also displayed martial prowess demanded of the steppe, he himself admitted that his qualifications were inferior to those of his younger brother.
When he warred with the Later Jin, Yingtian pointed out this only cost them a lot, without gaining lands in return they could keep. Neither side wanted to be ruled by the other, she argued, so peaceful coexistence should be the objective.
Succession of Shizong.
When her son, Taizong, died in 947 while on campaign in China, Yingtian once again demanded to be involved in the succession. Taizong’s obvious favorite was his nephew known as Ruan (also known as Wuyu), the son of Prince Bei, who had been killed in China in 936.
However, Yingtian supported her third son, Prince Lihu, to ascend to the Liao throne. She dispatched an army to intercept Ruan on his return to the capital. However, unlike the case with Deguang, Prince Lihu failed to get the support of the Khitan nobility, due largely to his own violent behavior. Furthermore, as Ruan was on campaign with his uncle on his death, he was able to readily secure the support of important army commanders.
When Ruan, known as Emperor Shizong ascended to the throne, he had both his grandmother and uncle exiled from the capital.
Important Contributions.
While Yingtian dominated the court in the first succession, she also made other contributions to Khitan culture. Most importantly regards the expectations of widows. In traditional Khitan society, women were expected to sacrifice themselves. Obviously, Yingtian did not do that, providing an example for other women, at least within the elite strata, of Khitan society.
Differences from Chinese counterparts.
Chinese empress dowagers of the era were expected to wield their influence behind the scenes. However, Khitan women held a far higher status than their Chinese counterparts in the tenth century. Yingtian openly wielded her influence in the court of her husband as well as that of her son as empress dowager.

</doc>
<doc id="9659844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659844" title="Herbert Richmond">
Herbert Richmond

Admiral Sir Herbert William Richmond KCB (15 September 1871 – 15 December 1946) was a prominent naval officer, who also served as Vere Harmsworth Professor of Imperial and Naval History at Cambridge University and Master of Downing College, Cambridge. He was married to Florence Elsa, daughter of Sir Thomas Hugh Bell and half sister of Gertrude Bell.
Early life.
Richmond was the grandson of the portrait painter George Richmond and son of another artist, Sir William Blake Richmond the Slade Professor at Oxford University.
Naval career.
Richmond joined the Royal Navy as a cadet in 1885. He served on the Australian Station and in the Hydrographic Service before qualifying as a torpedo officer in 1897. He began to develop a serious interest in naval history while serving in HMS "Empress of India" in 1897-98, HMS "Ramillies" in 1899, and HMS "Canopus" in 1899-1900.
In 1900-1903, Richmond served in the flagship of the Channel Fleet . Promoted to commander in 1903, he became first officer in HMS "Crescent", flagship of the Cape of Good Hope Station. He was assigned to the Admiralty in 1906-08, where he served briefly as naval assistant to Admiral John Fisher, 1st Baron Fisher. Inspired by the work of the naval historian Julian Corbett, Richmond began to research the naval aspects of the War of the Austrian Succession, which he completed in 1914, but which was not published until 1920.
Promoted to captain, Richmond commanded HMS "Dreadnought" from 1909 to 1911, then, in 1911-12, the Torpedo School training ships HMS "Furious" and HMS "Vindictive". In 1912, he founded the "Naval Review (magazine)", in order to promote innovative thought within the Royal Navy. Richmond became assistant director of operations on the Naval Staff from 1913 to 1915 and liaison officer to the Italian Fleet in 1915. From those assignments, he went on to command HMS "Commonwealth" (part of a pre-dreadnought battle squadron at the Nore) from 1916 to 1917, and HMS "Conqueror" in the Grand Fleet (1917–18), served as director of staff duties and training in 1918, and commanded HMS "Erin" in 1919.
Flag officer.
Promoted to Rear-Admiral, he became Rear-Admiral in Charge of the Senior Officers' Course at the Royal Naval College, Greenwich in 1920, which office was merged with the Presidency of the Royal Naval College itself in November 1922. In October 1923, he was assigned as commander-in-chief, East Indies Squadron. Promoted to Vice-Admiral in 1925, he was created knight commander of the Order of the Bath in 1926. Returning to London in 1927, he became Commandant of the Imperial Defence College. In 1929, he was promoted to Admiral and served as president of the International Conference on the Safety of Life at Sea.
Later life.
Following his retirement from the Royal Navy in 1931, Cambridge University appointed him Vere Harmsworth Professor of Imperial and Naval History, an academic chair he held from 1934 to 1936. In 1934, he was also elected master of Downing College, Cambridge, a post he held until his death in 1946. While Master of Downing College, he delivered the Ford Lectures in English History at Oxford University in 1943 (for the academic year 1943/4.)

</doc>
<doc id="9659867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659867" title="Yingtian">
Yingtian

Yingtian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9659872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659872" title="Nepalgunj Airport">
Nepalgunj Airport

Nepalgunj Airport is an airport serving Nepalgunj (also spelled Nepalganj), a municipality in Banke district of the Bheri zone in Nepal.
The airport has been in service since 1961. It is a major domestic hub after TIA in terms of number of airport network, and also second largest airport in Nepal in terms of land area, after TIA. This airport also stands number 2 in terms of aircraft and passenger movement. After the introduction of FK-100 jet aircraft, passenger movement at this airport increased by 13.39% in 2005 (up to November) against the figure in the year 2004.
Recently, the Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal (CAAN) has permitted Flying Dragon Airlines, a joint venture company of Nepal and China, to operate remote areas of mid - and far - western development region with operating base at this airport.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 08/26 with an asphalt surface measuring .
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9659882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659882" title="Toopkhaneh">
Toopkhaneh

Toopkhāneh Square (; literally "Cannon House") (also spelt as Tūpkhāneh) is a major town square ("Maidan-e Toopkhaneh") and a neighborhood in the south of the central district of the city of Tehran, Iran. built in 1867 by an order of Amir Kabir and Commissioned in 1877. After the Iranian Revolution, it was renamed Imam Khomeini Square ().Cheragh bargh street(Amir kabir) comes to this square and Naserie(Naser Khosro),Bab homayoon Street,Sepah Street (Emam khomeini),Ferdowsi Street and Lalehzar Goes from this square to deferent directions.

</doc>
<doc id="9659901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659901" title="Body Parts (film)">
Body Parts (film)

Body Parts is a 1991 horror thriller film directed by Eric Red and released by Paramount Pictures. The film stars Jeff Fahey, Kim Delaney, Brad Dourif and Zakes Mokae.
Plot.
Bill Chrushank (Jeff Fahey) is a psychologist working with convicted killers at a prison in addition to teaching classes at a university. Ray, a convict who murdered his cellmate recently, tells Bill he can’t do anything to fix him. At home, Bill wonders to his wife (Kim Delaney) if this is true. He wants to be able to fix someone like Ray but in all his research and studies has never seen proof it’s possible. The next day, while driving to work, Bill gets in a horrific car accident where he loses his arm. At the hospital, Dr. Agatha Webb (Lindsay Duncan) convinces Bill’s wife to sign off on an experimental transplant surgery to give him a new arm from a donor they have waiting. Heavily drugged, Bill is wheeled into the operating room where he groggily notes several armed cops in hospital scrubs. The cops leave as soon as Dr. Webb removes the unknown donor’s head from his body at a nearby operating table. Bill awakens from the surgery and struggles to rehabilitate his new arm, which is covered in gruesome scars. One day, while struggling to lift a tiny weight, his arm makes a violent unexpected move upward. After this happens Bill makes a swift recovery and is released from the hospital. After some initial awkwardness between his wife with the new arm, he pleasures her with it and they make love. Just when it seems things are back to normal, Bill starts seeing flashes of horrible acts of murder (as if he is committing them). Next, he loses control of his new arm and cuts his face while shaving. Then at the prison, Ray freaks out seeing that Bill has the same tattoo on his wrist, which is only given to inmates on death row. Bill has a police friend scan his new fingerprints and is shocked to discover the arm came from convicted serial killer Charley Fletcher (John Walsh).
Bill confronts Dr. Webb but she says his new arm can’t do anything he doesn’t want it to. Unconvinced, he follows her and finds the identities of two other patients: Mark Draper (Peter Murnik) and Remo Lacey (Brad Dourif) who received the killer’s legs and other arm, respectively. Bill visits Remo Lacey first, who was a struggling artist before the transplant but now is making a small fortune selling paintings he has made with his new arm. Bill notes that Remo’s new paintings are of the visions he has been seeing in his head, arguing he is painting what the killer saw when he murdered people. But Remo only cares about money and his newfound success and dismisses Bill’s warnings. Bill follows Mark next. While parked at a red light behind Mark, Mark’s new leg slams down on the gas pedal on its own accord, which almost kills Mark as his car drives through the red light into a busy intersection. Bill tells Mark he is having problems after the transplant as well but Mark is just happy to be able to walk again and tells Bill he should be grateful and move on with his life. But Bill is unable to, as he is becoming increasingly agitated and violent. He snaps at and has a fight with his wife, involuntarily hits his son after his son accidentally hurts his arm while wrestling, and almost strangles his wife to death while they are both sleeping. Bill is forced to move out of his house and into a hotel for the safety of his family. He demands that Dr. Webb take his arm off but she refuses, stating that the problems he is experiencing are insignificant compared to the success of her experiment. She tells him to see a psychologist and he tells her to "go... [yourself." Feeling alone and isolated, Bill meets up with the Remo and Mark at a bar. Bill is obsessed with finding out where evil resides (the mind, the heart, the flesh?) but they eventually get him to cheer up and stop worrying about it, only to have a drunk guy who recognizes him from news about the surgery. The drunk demands to see “the arm from the TV” and Bill gets pissed and a bar fight breaks out where an enraged Bill singlehandedly takes out several patrons and almost kills another before the cops show up.
Mark returns home to his apartment building and struggles to get to his room as his legs unexpectedly lock up on him. Scared, he calls Bill but gets his answering machine. Bill wakes in bed beside it just in time to catch the end of Mark’s message, where he hears Mark yell and a struggle with someone. Bill goes to Mark’s apartment and finds him dead in a pool of blood on his bed, both legs having been ripped from his torso. Bill calls the cops only to have a detective (Zakes Mokae) think he is a suspect. Bill implores the detective to check on Remo, fearing he is next, but they get to Remo’s too late. Charley — who is still alive, having his head transplanted and braced onto a new body — throws Remo out a window and rips his arm off before falling to his death. The detective tells Bill he will be safe with him but while they are stopped at a traffic light Charley pulls up in a car beside them and handcuffs his wrist to Bill. A thrilling car chase ensues as the two cars must stay together or Bill’s arm will get ripped off. Bill eventually uses the detectives gun to blast the handcuffs apart just before they hit a divider that splits the road in two. The detective stops his car and gets out and fires his gun at the escaping Charley only to have Bill steal his car to chase after him. Charley, driving wildly, crashes his car and is barely able to get the severed legs and arm out of the backseat before it explodes. Dr. Webb pulls up in her car and comforts him, revealing that Charley is her son and her diabolical plan becomes clear: she chopped up her son into pieces to keep him alive and put him back together again later (instead of letting him be executed via electric chair).
Bill drives to the hospital and enters with a gun from the detective’s car. He finds an operating room where he sees the gruesome sight of Charley’s severed torso, legs and one arm in a glass case, wiggling from wires in some kind of stasis that keeps the parts alive. Dr. Webb appears and says she is ready to take his arm back now. Bill is going to shoot her but Charley knocks him out with a shotgun from behind. Bill wakes up tied to an operating table. Dr. Webb starts a circular saw to remove his arm but Bill uses the killer’s rage we have seen throughout the movie to break free of his restraints. He knocks out Dr. Webb and wrestles with Charley for his shotgun. Right before Charley can pull the trigger Bill is able to snap his neck. Bill yells and shoots the glass case of body parts with the shotgun, killing the rest of Charley’s parts. He calls the cops only to see that Charley is still alive and aiming his dropped gun at him from the floor. Bill rolls out of the way just in in time and Charley accidentally shoots Dr. Webb as she is regaining consciousness. Bill grabs the shotgun and blows Charley’s head off, killing him for good.
In the last scene, Bill sits with his wife in a nice park writing in his journal, where he notes that he hasn’t had any other problems with the arm since Charley was killed, and that while he does not know where evil resides he is thankful to both Dr. Webb and Charley for his new arm.
Release.
Paramount pulled ads for "Body Parts" in Milwaukee, Wisconsin after police found dismembered bodies in Jeffrey Dahmer's apartment.
"Body Parts" was theatrically released August 2, 1991. It was first released on home video February 20, 1992 and later on DVD September 14, 2004.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 40% of 15 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating was 4.4/10. "Variety" wrote, "What could have been a reasonably interesting thriller literally goes to pieces in last third, until the brain seems the most salient part missing." Janet Maslin of "The New York Times" called it "an intriguing sleeper" that "makes the mistake of opting for grisly horror effects when a less literal-minded approach would be more compelling." Stephen Wigler of "The Baltimore Sun" called it a distasteful, "so-bad-it's-almost-good film" that is "the best film for barbecue lovers since "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre"." Peter Rainer of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that the film "isn't quite as terrible as you might imagine." Richard Harrington of "The Washington Post" wrote that the film has an interesting premise but does not live up to it. "Time Out London" called it a "tacky but vigorous mad doctor movie". Patrick Naugle of DVD Verdict criticized the film's slow pace and poor execution.

</doc>
<doc id="9659923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659923" title="Interferon type I">
Interferon type I

Human type I interferons comprise a vast and growing group of IFN proteins.
All type I IFNs bind to a specific cell surface receptor complex known as the IFN-α receptor (IFNAR) that consists of IFNAR1 and IFNAR2 chains.
Homologous molecules to type I IFNs are found in many species, including all mammals, and some have been identified in birds, reptiles, amphibians and fish species.
Joyce Taylor-Papadimitriou was the first to identify that the action of interferon type 1 requires the synthesis of effector proteins.
Mammalian types.
The mammalian types are designated IFN-α (alpha), IFN-β (beta), IFN-κ (kappa), IFN-δ (delta), IFN-ε (epsilon), IFN-τ (tau), IFN-ω (omega), and IFN-ζ (zeta, also known as limitin).
IFN-α.
The IFN-α proteins are produced by leukocytes. They are mainly involved in innate immune response against viral infection. They come in 13 subtypes that are called IFNA1, IFNA2, IFNA4, IFNA5, IFNA6, IFNA7, IFNA8, IFNA10, IFNA13, IFNA14, IFNA16, IFNA17, IFNA21. These genes for these IFN-α molecules are found together in a cluster on chromosome 9.
IFN-α is also made synthetically as medication. Types are: 
IFN-β.
The IFN-β proteins are produced in large quantities by fibroblasts. They have antiviral activity that is involved mainly in innate immune response. Two types of IFN-β have been described, IFN-β1 (IFNB1) and IFN-β3 (IFNB3) (a gene designated IFN-β2 is actually IL-6). IFN-β1 is used as a treatment for multiple sclerosis as it reduces the relapse rate.
IFN-β1 is not an appropriate treatment for patients with progressive, non-relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis.
IFN-ε, –κ, -τ, -δ, and –ζ.
IFN-ε, –κ, -τ, and –ζ appear, at this time, to come in a single isoform in humans, "IFNK". Only ruminants encode IFN-τ, a variant of IFN-ω. So far, IFN-ζ is found only in mice, while a structural homolog, IFN-δ is found in a diverse array of non-primate and non-rodent placental mammals. Most but not all placental mammals encode functional IFN-ε and IFN-κ genes.
IFN-ω.
IFN-ω, although having only one functional form described to date ("IFNW1"), has several pseudogenes: , , , , , , and in humans. Many non-primate placental mammals express multiple IFN-ω subtypes
IFN-ν.
This subtype of Type I IFN was recently described as a pseudogene in human, but potentially functional in the domestic cat genome. In all other genomes of non-feline placental mammals, IFN-ν is a pseudogene; in some species, the pseudogene is well preserved, while in others, it is badly mutilated or is undetectable. Moreover, in the cat genome, the IFN-ν promoter is deleteriously mutated. It is likely that the IFN-ν gene family was rendered useless prior to mammalian diversification. Its presence on the edge of the Type I IFN locus in mammals may have shielded it from obliteration, allowing its detection.
Sources and functions.
IFN-α and IFN-β are secreted by many cell types including lymphocytes (NK cells, B-cells and T-cells), macrophages, fibroblasts, endothelial cells, osteoblasts and others. They stimulate both macrophages and NK cells to elicit an anti-viral response, and are also active against tumors. Recently, plasmacytoid dendritic cells have been identified as being the most potent producers of type I IFNs in response to antigen, and have thus been coined natural IFN producing cells. Current study findings suggest that by forcing IFN-α expression in tumor-infiltrating macrophages, it is possible to elicit a more effective dendritic cell activation and immune effector cell cytotoxicity.
IFN-ω is released by leukocytes at the site of viral infection or tumors.
IFN-α acts as a pyrogenic factor by altering the activity of thermosensitive neurons in the hypothalamus thus causing fever. It does this by binding to opioid receptors and eliciting the release of prostaglandin-E2 (PGE2).
A similar mechanism is used by IFN-α to reduce pain; IFN-α interacts with the μ-opioid receptor to act as an analgesic.
In mice, IFN-β inhibits immune cells to produce growth factors, thereby slowing tumor growth, and inhibits other cells from producing vessel producing growth factors, thereby blocking tumor angiogenesis and hindering the tumour from connecting into the blood vessel system.
Non-mammalian types.
Avian Type I IFNs have been characterized and preliminarily assigned to subtypes (IFN I, IFN II, and IFN III), but their classification into subtypes should await a more extensive characterization of avian genomes.
Functional lizard Type I IFNs can be found in lizard genome databases.
Turtle Type I IFNs have been purified (references from 1970s needed). They resemble mammalian homologs.
The existence of amphibian Type I IFNs have been inferred by the discovery of the genes encoding their receptor chains. They have not yet been purified, or their genes cloned.
Piscine (bony fish) Type I IFN has been cloned in several teleost species. With few exceptions, and in stark contrast to avian and especially mammalian IFNs, they are present as single genes (multiple genes are however seen in polyploid fish genomes, possibly arising from whole-genome duplication). Unlike amniote IFN genes, piscine Type I IFN genes contain introns, in similar positions as do their orthologs, certain interleukins.

</doc>
<doc id="9659926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659926" title="Interferon type II">
Interferon type II

A sole member makes up the type II IFNs that is called IFN-γ (gamma). Mature IFN-γ is an anti-parallel homodimer, which binds to the IFN-γ receptor (IFNGR) complex to elicit a signal within its target cell. IFNGR is made up of two subunits each of molecules designated IFNGR1 and IFNGR2.
Sources and functions.
IFN-γ is involved in the regulation of the immune and inflammatory responses; in humans, there is only one type of interferon-gamma. It is produced in activated T-cells and natural killer cells. IFN-γ has some anti-viral and anti-tumor effects, but these are generally weak. However, this cytokine potentiates the effects of the type I IFNs. IFN-γ released by Th1 cells recruits leukocytes to a site of infection, resulting in increased inflammation. It also stimulates macrophages to kill bacteria that have been engulfed. IFN-γ released by Th1 cells is also important in regulating the Th2 response. As IFN-γ is vitally implicated in the regulation of immune response, its production can lead to autoimmune disorders.
Homologs of interferon-gamma are found in birds, frogs, and teleost fish. Thus it is likely that all bony fish/tetrapods encode IFN-γ. The gene structure of IFN-γ is identical to that of its structurally related cytokines, except that the intron between the third and fourth exons does not exist.
Notably, many teleost fish encode two distinct IFN-γ species (called IFN-γ1 and IFN-γ2) that appear to bind genetically and physically distinct IFN-γR1 chains. In all investigated tetrapods, there is a single IFN-γ gene that binds a unique IFN-γR1 chain and (in amniotes) a unique IFN-γR2 chain. Frogs appear to encode two distinct IFN-γR2 genes whose intracellular domains differ significantly.

</doc>
<doc id="9659931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659931" title="Interferon type III">
Interferon type III

The recently classified type III interferon group consists of three IFN-λ (lambda) molecules called IFN-λ1, IFN-λ2 and IFN-λ3 (also called IL29, IL28A and IL28B respectively). These IFNs signal through a receptor complex consisting of IL10R2 (also called CRF2-4) and IFNLR1 (also called CRF2-12). 
Acceptance of this classification is less universal than that of type I and type II, and unlike the other two, it is not currently included in Medical Subject Headings.

</doc>
<doc id="9659937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659937" title="La Toma">
La Toma

La Toma (Spanish: "The taking") was a legal declaration made by Don Juan de Oñate on 30 April 1598 in present-day San Elizario, Texas. It stated that Spain was taking possession of all territory north of the Rio Grande for King Philip II of Spain. "La Toma" was the "requerimiento" legally justifying Oñate's subsequent conquest of the Pueblo villages as the province of Santa Fe de Nuevo Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9659950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659950" title="Phaplu Airport">
Phaplu Airport

Phaplu Airport is an airport serving Phaplu (also spelled Phaphlu), a town in the Solukhumbu district of the Sagarmatha zone in Nepal.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length. The Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal has been carrying on its reconstruction and improvement work of Phaplu terminal building.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9659961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659961" title="The Golden Age Restored">
The Golden Age Restored

The Golden Age Restored was a Jacobean era masque, written by Ben Jonson and designed by Inigo Jones; it was performed on 1 January and 6 January 1616, almost certainly at Whitehall Palace.
The show.
Somewhat less is known about this masque that others of the Jacobean era, since none of Jones's designs for the work has survived. The twelve gentleman masquers were styled "Sons of Phoebus," and took the parts of great English poets of the past — Geoffrey Chaucer, John Gower, Edmund Spenser, and others. The corresponding figures in the anti-masque were twelve "Evils," ambition, pride, avarice, etc. The speeches were "presented" by the mythological figures standard in the masque form — in this case, Pallas Athena and Astraea were the primaries. Pallas banishes the personified Iron Age, thus allowing the return of Astraea, goddess of Justice, and the restoration of the Golden Age.
A major theme of Jonson's text was the reform of a corrupt court — relevant at the time because the Stuart Court was suffering the aftermath of the scandal over the murder of Sir Thomas Overbury. King James's favorite, Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset, was still awaiting trial for his role in the murder when the masque was presented, and his successor as royal favorite, George Villiers, 1st Duke of Buckingham, was moving into prominence as Carr's replacement. The King was so pleased with the masque that he had a repeat performance scheduled for the evening of Twelfth Night, a few days after the initial presentation.
Dating.
Scholars have disputed the order in which two of the Jonson-Jones masques were performed at Court.
Traditionally, "Mercury Vindicated from the Alchemists" was assigned to the 1614–15 Christmas holiday season, and "The Golden Age Restored" to the following 1615–16 holiday season. C. H. Herford and Percy Simpson, in their edition of Jonson's works, argued that the two masques had been chronologically transposed, and that "TGAR" was the earlier work. Their argument received some general acceptance for a time, but was refuted by later researchers.
The masques in the 1616 folio appear to be arranged in a consistent chronological order; and "The Golden Age Restored", as noted, is last. Its title page dates it to 1615 — but the English began the New Year on March 25 prior to 1751. Old Style and New Style dates. If "TGAR" had been performed in the previous year, it should have been dated 1614. Recent scholarship tends to rely on the implications of the original text, and treats "TGAR" as the later work.
Publication.
Jonson's text was published in the first folio collection of Jonson's works in 1616; it was the last work to be included in that volume. Thereafter "The Golden Age Restored" was included in the collected editions of Jonson's works.

</doc>
<doc id="9659983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659983" title="Patience and Sarah">
Patience and Sarah

Patience and Sarah is a 1969 historical fiction novel with strong lesbian themes by Alma Routsong, using the pen name Isabel Miller. It was originally self-published under the title "A Place For Us" and eventually found a publisher as "Patience and Sarah" in 1971.
Routsong's novel is based on a real-life painter named Mary Ann Willson who lived with her companion Miss Brundage as a "farmerette" in the early 19th century in Greene County, New York. Routsong said she came upon Willson's work in a folk art museum in Cooperstown and was inspired to write the story after reading the description of Willson and Brundage. It tells the story of two women in Connecticut in 1816 who fall in love and decide to leave their homes to buy a farm in another state or territory and live in a Boston marriage. The story addresses the limited opportunities and roles of women in early America, gender expression, and the interpretation of religion in everyday life.
Sarah Waters, author of "Tipping the Velvet" and other historical novels with lesbian themes, has said that this book was an influence on her writing. She received the book from a girlfriend in 1988 at age 22 and was "struck by the lyricism and economy of it, by its gentle humour, and by its sexiness."
Plot summary.
The story is told in switching first-person narratives between Patience and Sarah. The first part is told by Patience White, a woman of considerable means compared to others in her town. Her father died and left her enough money that she would not have to marry to be cared for. She lives with her brother and his wife and children, in a room she has to herself, something her sister-in-law Martha considers an unnatural privilege. Patience paints Biblical scenes as a pastime, and helps Martha with the children sometimes. They do not get along well.
Patience has known of Sarah Dowling for a while since Sarah is a scandalous character to some, wearing pants and doing men's work. Sarah has a family of sisters and her father trained her to do men's work since he had no sons. Intrigued one day when Sarah delivers firewood to the White household, and to flout Martha, Patience invites Sarah into her part of the house and socializes with her. Sarah divulges that she plans to set out by herself and go west and buy her own farm. Not having the heart to tell her that she will not have the opportunity to do it, Patience indulges Sarah and tells her she wants to come along. In the midst of planning the trip west, Sarah admits she feels for Patience, and although too aware of the danger, Patience also admits her attraction for Sarah.
Sarah returns to her much poorer home, where she lives with her large family in a one-room cabin. She tells her sister Rachel that she's going west with Patience as her mate, and Rachel, upset by being replaced to go west by Patience, tells their father who beats Sarah, then drags her to Patience's home to demand to know the nature of their relationship. Faced with having to admit their acts in front of witnesses, Patience denies she feels anything for Sarah and that it was all a game.
The narrative switches to Sarah's perspective as she cuts off all her hair, renames herself "Sam", takes an axe and walks west alone, healing from the beatings her father gave her (no harm meant, he says). After a few experiences that demonstrate the risks of freedom, Sam takes up with a traveling Parson who goes town to town selling books in a horse-drawn rig he sleeps in. He teaches Sam to defend himself against boys in towns, to cook, teaches him about the Bible and other cultures, but most importantly, teaches him to read. In time, Parson admits he's attracted to Sam and when he tries to seduce Sam, Sarah admits her true identity.
Away about six months, Sarah heads home again as Parson heads towards New York, his home. Patience arrives the next day to casually invite her to Sunday dinner. Sarah accepts, and their relationship starts again after Patience admits she lost her courage. They carry on their relationship, Sarah visiting Patience on Sundays, sometimes bringing a sister or her mother, but when they are caught embracing with their bodices open by Martha, Patience's brother tells them it's time for them to go.
They head to New York City with brother Edward's blessing. Thinking Sarah is lower-class, a man on the ship assaults her, but Patience rescues her and teaches her the necessary points of being a lady. They lodge with the captain and in their first locked room alone, consummate their relationship. They meet up with the Parson again and decide that upstate New York in Greene County will be their destination, where land is cheap and they can live in peace.
They arrive in Greene County and they negotiate the purchase of a small farm, plant their crop and begin their life together.
Distribution and sale of the book.
Routsong originally published 1,000 copies of the book using her own money, selling them on street corners in New York City and at meetings of the Daughters of Bilitis. She contacted Gene Damon (Barbara Grier) at "The Ladder", who also promoted the book in the book review section of the magazine, calling it "a gem" and that, "it very much belongs with that small bookshelf full of basic classics of Lesbian literature." Grier also had to assure their readership, who had to order the book directly from Routsong that she was an actual person, not a police agency. Routsong then resubmitted the novel to publishers under a pseudonym.
Adaptations.
The novel was adapted into an opera by Paula M. Kimper, to a libretto by Wende Persons. It debuted at the Lincoln Center Festival in 1998, and has been revived several times since. Alma Routsong gave her approval to the project shortly before her death, but did not survive to hear more than a few songs from the score performed privately. The idea for the opera originated with Persons's crush on a soprano in 1981, when Persons wrote the music to impress her. When she was rejected, she kept the work until she met Kimper and they both revived its creation in 1989.
Concerning the 1996 pre-premiere of the semi-staged final draft, with piano accompaniment, "The New York Times" claimed it had "an accessible, attractively lyrical score" and that, "Sarah has a gorgeous, Ravelian aria at the start of the second act." The 1998 premiere of the completed work was also well reviewed: The "Opera News" claimed "the opera bubbles with glorious vocal writing" and the best parts were the duets between Patience and Sarah, but that Parson Peel's music actually stole the show.

</doc>
<doc id="9659999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9659999" title="Autoclave (album)">
Autoclave (album)

Autoclave is the debut and only album from the American indie rock band Autoclave. It was released by Dischord Records in 1991. The album was remastered at Silver Sonya Studios and reissued in 2002 by Dischord and Mira Records (Combined CD of 10" and 7" originally released in 1991).
References.
Recorded by Barrett Jones and Brendan Canty

</doc>
<doc id="9660015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660015" title="Polish organ tablatures">
Polish organ tablatures

Polish organ tablatures include some of the earliest and most important tablature sources of instrumental music in Europe. Particularly well-known is the Jan z Lublina tablature, which dates from mid-16th century and contains some 250 pieces. Most Polish organ tablatures use the German form of notation. The genres vary from all kinds of liturgical music to dances and vocal intabulations. This article presents a partial list of Polish organ tablatures, in chronological order.

</doc>
<doc id="9660016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660016" title="Zubu">
Zubu

The Zubu (also referred to as Dada or Tatars) were common name of Mongolic Khereid, Naiman and Tatar tribes from the 10th to 12th centuries. Little is known in detail about this group.The name "Zübü" might be derived from Xiongnu's ruling tribe Suibu.
Relations with the Khitan.
The Zubu began paying tribute to the Khitan Empire after a campaign in 924 when the Khitan subdued the Zubu and in the region of what is now Eastern and Central Mongolia and southeastern Russia.
Liao emperor Shengzong led an expeditionary force against the Zubu in 983 after the Zubu killed their own khan and began to act in defiance of the Khitan. The Zubu khan was forced to submit to the Liao in 1003. On this occasion, the Liao divided the Zubu into several division, each under a Liao ruler.
The Zubu once again rebelled against their Khitan masters in 1026, but suffered another defeat. On this occasion, they were forced to pay an annual tribute of horses, camels, and furs.
In the 1090s, the Zubu once again defied the Khitan by invading the northeast borders of Liao territory. In 1100, the Zubu were once again defeated, and their khan was taken prisoner and taken to the Liao capital of Shangjing. Once in the Liao capital, he was hacked to pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="9660026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660026" title="Kamranieh">
Kamranieh

Kamranieh (also spelled Kamraniyeh) is a neighbourhood located in the north of the city of Tehran in Iran in the area called Shemiranat. Its name is based on the son of Naser-al-din Shah and one time heir to the throne, Kamran Mirza, who used to own much of the land in the area. Along with Farmanieh, Niavaran, Zafferanieyh and Elahieh, it is now home to the most expensive real estate in Tehran, with prices varying from $10000 up to $20000 and beyond per square meter. This is in part due to the fact that it is the preferred residence of the oldest and wealthiest Iranian families, and has generally resisted the entrance of parvenues and the nouveau riche. It is also the home to many Iranian nobles and notables as well as embassies and foreign officials.
Kamranieh was one of the first neighbourhoods in Tehran that was equipped with a telephone system.
The pet hospital of Iran, Tehran Pet hospital, was established in this neighbourhood in 2004.
Kamranieh and the surroundings used to be farmlands - specially to grow wheat and barley. Here is where the name of bus stop called "jo-estoon/jo-estan" comes from. Once, an old-time resident of Kamranieh said as a kid he used to stand on the roof of their shack and wait to watch his mom walking down the Dezasheeb slope on her way home.
The private residence of Kamran Diba, designer of Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art (TMOCA), is also in Kamranieh. Same as TMOCA, its architecture is similar to Yazd windcatchers (badgir).
Kamranieh Magazine Website http://www.kamranieh.com

</doc>
<doc id="9660028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660028" title="Government of Malaysia">
Government of Malaysia

The Government of Malaysia refers to the Federal Government or national government authority based in the federal territories of Kuala Lumpur and the federal executive based in Putrajaya. Malaysia is a federation of 13 states operating within a constitutional monarchy under the Westminster parliamentary system and is categorised as a representative democracy. The federal government of Malaysia adheres to and is created by the Federal Constitution of Malaysia, the supreme law of the land.
The federal government adopts the principle of separation of powers and has three branches: executive, legislature and judiciary. The state governments in Malaysia also have their respective executive and legislative bodies. The judicial system in Malaysia is a federalised court system operating uniformly throughout the country.
Federal government.
The federal or central government is the ultimate authority in Malaysia having its base in Putrajaya. It is headed by the Prime Minister of Malaysia who is also known as the head of government.
Legislature.
The bicameral parliament consists of the lower house, the House of Representatives or Dewan Rakyat (literally the "Chamber of the People") and the upper house, the Senate or Dewan Negara (literally the "Chamber of the Nation"). All seventy Senate members sit for three-year terms (to a maximum of two terms); twenty-six are elected by the thirteen state assemblies, and forty-four are appointed by the king based on the advice of the Prime Minister. The 222 members of the Dewan Rakyat are elected from single-member districts by universal adult suffrage. The parliament follows a multi-party system and the governing body is elected through a first-past-the-post system. Parliament has a maximum mandate of five years by law. The king may dissolve parliament at any time and usually does so upon the advice of the Prime Minister.
Executive.
Executive power is vested in the cabinet led by the prime minister; the Malaysian constitution stipulates that the prime minister must be a member of the Lower House of parliament who, in the opinion of the Yang di-Pertuan Agong (YDPA), commands a majority in parliament. The cabinet is chosen from among members of both houses of Parliament and is responsible to that body.
The Executive branch of the government consists of the Prime Minister as the head of the government, followed by the various ministers of the Cabinet.
Judiciary.
The highest court in the judicial system is the Federal Court, followed by the Court of Appeal, and two High Courts, one for Peninsular Malaysia, and one for East Malaysia. The subordinate courts in each of these jurisdictions include Sessions Courts, Magistrates' Courts, and Courts for Children. Malaysia also has a Special Court to hear cases brought by or against all Royalty.
Head of government.
The Prime Minister of Malaysia (Malay: Perdana Menteri Malaysia) is the indirectly elected head of government (executive) of Malaysia. He is officially appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong, the head of state, who in HM's judgment is likely to command the confidence of the majority of the members of that House of Representatives (Dewan Rakyat), the elected lower house of Parliament. He heads the Cabinet, whose members are appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong advice of the prime minister. The Prime Minister and his Cabinet shall be collectively responsible to Parliament. The Prime Minister's Department (sometimes referred to as the Prime Minister's Office) is the body and ministry in which the Prime Minister exercises its functions and powers.
State governments.
Each state governments in Malaysia is created by the respective state constitutions. Each state has a unicameral state legislative chamber (Malay: Dewan Undangan Negeri) whose members are elected from single-member constituencies. State governments are led by Chief Ministers (Menteri Besar in Malay states or Ketua Menteri in states without hereditary rulers), who are state assembly members from the majority party in the Dewan Undangan Negeri. They advise their respective sultans or governors. In each of the states with a hereditary ruler, the Chief Minister is required to be a Malay, appointed by the Sultan upon the recommendation of the Prime Minister.
Local governments.
The local government or local authority (Malay: kerajaan tempatan or pihak berkuasa tempatan (PBT)) is the lowest level in the system of government in Malaysia—after federal and state. It has the power to collect taxes (in the form of assessment tax), to create laws and rules (in the form of by-laws) and to grant licenses and permits for any trade in its area of jurisdiction, in addition to providing basic amenities, collecting and managing waste and garbage as well as planning and developing the area under its jurisdiction. Local authorities in Malaysia are generally under the exclusive purview of the state governments and headed by a civil servant with the title Yang Di-Pertua (President). Local government areas and the boundaries is usually consistent with district boundaries but there are some places where the boundaries are not consistent and may overlap with adjoining districts especially in urbanised areas.
Unlike the federal and state governments, the local governments in Malaysia are not elected but appointed by the state government after local council elections were suspended by the federal government in 1965.
Military, police and other governmental bodies.
The Malaysian Armed Forces are the military body of Malaysia and the Royal Malaysian Police are in charge of law enforcement.
Legal system.
The law of Malaysia is mainly based on the common law legal system. This was a direct result of the colonisation of Malaya, Sarawak, and North Borneo by Britain between the early 19th century to 1960s. The supreme law of the land—the Constitution of Malaysia—sets out the legal framework and rights of Malaysian citizens. Federal laws enacted by the Parliament of Malaysia apply throughout the country. There are also state laws enacted by the State Legislative Assemblies which applies in the particular state. The constitution of Malaysia also provides for a unique dual justice system—the secular laws (criminal and civil) and sharia laws.
Articles 73 to 79 of the Federal Constitution specifies the subject in which the federal and state government may legislate. Parliament has the exclusive power to make laws over matters falling under the Federal List (such as citizenship, defence, internal security, civil and criminal law, finance, trade, commerce and industry, education, labour, and tourism) whereas each State, through its Legislative Assembly, has legislative power over matters under the State List (such as land, local government, Syariah law and Syariah courts, State holidays and State public works). Parliament and State legislatures share the power to make laws over matters under the Concurrent List (such as water supplies and housing) but Article 75 provides that in the event of conflict, Federal law will prevail over State law.
Elections.
Elections in Malaysia exist at two levels: national level and state level. National level elections are those for membership in the Dewan Rakyat, the lower house of Parliament, while state level elections are for membership in the various State Legislative Assemblies. The head of the executive branch, the Prime Minister, is indirectly elected.

</doc>
<doc id="9660033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660033" title="Kamraniyeh (disambiguation)">
Kamraniyeh (disambiguation)

Kamraniyeh is a village in South Khorasan Province, Iran.
Kamraniyeh () may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9660036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660036" title="Robert Charles Wickliffe">
Robert Charles Wickliffe

Robert Charles Wickliffe (May 1, 1874 – June 11, 1912), (grandson of Charles A. Wickliffe and cousin of John Crepps Wickliffe Beckham) was a U.S. Representative from Louisiana; born in Bardstown, Kentucky, while his parents were visiting relatives; he attended the public schools of St. Francisville, Louisiana; was graduated from Centre College, Danville, Kentucky, in 1895 and from the law department of Tulane University, New Orleans, Louisiana in 1897; was admitted to the bar in 1898 and commenced practice in St. Francisville; member of the state constitutional convention in 1898; enlisted as a private in Company E, First Regiment, Louisiana Volunteer Infantry, during the Spanish-American War; was mustered out of the service in October 1898; returned to West Feliciana Parish; district attorney of the twenty-fourth judicial district of Louisiana 1902–1906; elected as a Democrat to the 61st and 62nd congresses, (March 4, 1909 – June 11, 1912), when he was killed while crossing a railroad bridge in Washington, D.C.; interment in Cave Hill Cemetery, Louisville, Kentucky.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9660067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660067" title="J. Bernard Hogg">
J. Bernard Hogg

J. Bernard Hogg (1908–1994) was an American labor historian. 
Hogg was the first chairman of the former Shippensburg State College's history/philosophy department and also taught at the Indiana University.
Hogg graduated from Slippery Rock University and the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Chicago.
Publications.
J Bernard Hogg's Ph.D. dissertation at the University of Chicago in 1943 was "“The Homestead Strike of 1892."" 
"Public Reaction to Pinkertonism and the Labor Question," published in "Pennsylvania History: A Journal of Mid-Atlantic Studies" 11, no. 3 (July 1944), pages 171—199.
"The Presbyterian Church of Shippensburg, 1798-1984 : a changing church in a changing world", published 1984
"The Allegheny Society of American Foresters : a seventy-five year history, 1922-1997" / J Bernard Hogg; Ronald J Sheay, 1997
Honors.
The class of 1949 at Shippensburg University established a Dr. J. Bernard Hogg Memorial Scholarship fund.
External links.
J. Bernard Hogg, "Public Reaction to Pinkertonism and the Labor Question", 

</doc>
<doc id="9660078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660078" title="Bloody Falls Massacre">
Bloody Falls Massacre

The Massacre at Bloody Falls was an incident that took place during Samuel Hearne's exploration of the Coppermine River on the 17 July 1771. Chipewyan and "Copper Indian" Dene men led by Hearne's guide and companion Matonabbee attacked a group of Copper Inuit camped by rapids approximately upstream from the mouth of the Coppermine River. Just after midnight on 17 July, the Dene set upon the Inuit camp and killed approximately 20 men, women, and children. Hearne was traumatized by the massacre, saying "...and I am confident that my features must have feelingly expressed how sincerely I was affected at the barbarous scene I then witnessed; even at this hour I cannot reflect on the transactions of that horrid day without shedding tears." He named the waterfall Bloody Falls.
Historians and critics continue to argue about the events that transpired, given that apart from Hearne's unpublished journal and his published account of the massacre at Bloody Falls, there is no substantiated Inuit, European, or Indian documentation or evidence of the massacre ever having taken place. This has often made Hearne's account of the massacre the subject of scrutiny by literary critics and historians. Hearne's involvement in the massacre also remains subject to questioning, with some authors like Robin McGrath claiming that Hearne and his countrymen supplied the weapons that were used, and that Hearne was every bit as responsible for the deaths of the Inuit as Matonabbee and his men were.
The site of the massacre, which was the traditional home of the Kogluktogmiut, is now located in Kugluk/Bloody Falls Territorial Park near Kugluktuk, Nunavut. It was designated a National Historic Site in 1978.
In 1996, Dene and Inuit representatives participated in a healing ceremony to reconcile the centuries-old grievance.
The incident is referred to in the John Newlove poem "Samuel Hearne in Wintertime".
Genesis of the massacre.
Towards the end of May 1771, Samuel Hearne began to notice that the Chipewyan Indians accompanying him on his expedition had motives other than his planned survey of the Coppermine River.
On the party's arrival at Peshew Lake, Matonabbee and a number of the men accompanying Hearne began to make arrangements for their wives and children to be left behind. Later on, when the party arrived at Clowey, each of the Chipewyan men crafted shields from thin boards, wide and long.
Hearne noted that his party was joined by a number of Indians who were solely interested in propagating a war against the Inuit.
In the travel narrative describing his journey, he claimed that as the group advanced north into Inuit territories, it became evident that his companions were gradually plotting an act of "savage", "shocking", and "brutish" violence.
Hearne began to remonstrate with the Indians, but failed in his attempt. In his account of the events that transpired, he states that "I endeavored as much as possible to persuade them from putting their inhuman design into execution; but so far were my intreaties from having the wished-for effect, that it was concluded that I was actuated by cowardice."
On 1 June 1771, the few remaining women and children, as well as the dogs and the heavy luggage, were left behind by the party and a group of about 60 men advanced north, heading towards the Coppermine River.
A few weeks later, on 2 July 1771, the party came across a group of Copper Indians, who on learning the purpose of the exploration party’s journey, supplied the party with canoes and other necessities. However, 17 men abandoned the exploration party in the coming days, claiming that the difficulty of the trek outweighed the pleasure that was to be derived from killing the Inuit.
The remaining members of the exploration party arrived at the Coppermine River on 14 July 1771. Immediately on arrival, as Hearne commenced his survey, three scouts were sent to locate any Inuit who may have been camping near the river. The scouts returned on 16 July 1771, and reported that five Inuit tents had been found on the west side of the river. This news brought the survey work to a complete halt, and the men began to prepare for war.

</doc>
<doc id="9660093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660093" title="Chaurjahari Airport">
Chaurjahari Airport

Rukumkot Chaurjahari Airport is an airport serving Rukumkot, a town in the Rukum district of the Rapti zone in Nepal, close to the Chaurjahari village.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9660122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660122" title="Downtown Oakland">
Downtown Oakland

Downtown Oakland is the central business district of Oakland, California; roughly bounded by 6th Street or the Oakland Estuary on the southwest, Interstate 980 on the northwest, Grand Avenue on the northeast, and Lake Merritt on the east.
The Downtown area is sometimes expanded to refer to the industrial and residential Jack London Square and Jack London warehouse district areas, the Lakeside Apartments District a largely residential neighborhood on the west side of Lake Merritt, the Civic Center district, Oakland's Chinatown, and the south end of Oakland's Broadway Auto Row an area along Broadway which has historically been used by car dealers and other automotive service businesses. While many consider these areas outside of downtown proper, they are generally considered more geographically proximate to Downtown Oakland than to East Oakland, North Oakland or to West Oakland and are thus sometimes associated with Downtown Oakland.
In January 2009, urban rioting occurred downtown and in the Lakeside Apartments District following BART Police officer Johannes Mehserle's shooting of Oscar Grant III on January 1, 2009.
In mid-2009, Oakland's city council revised zoning and building height regulations in downtown and the greater central business district.
Culture.
Black Cowboy Parade.
Downtown Oakland hosts the only celebration of its kind in the nation in memory of the black cowboys who helped settle the American West. The annual parade typically begins on an early October weekend at DeFremery Park in West Oakland en route to Frank Ogawa Plaza where judging booths are set up. After an awards ceremony, the parade returns to DeFremery Park, for a celebration.
Land use and points of interest.
Downtown Oakland is home to apartment and condominium dwellers, numerous retail businesses, tall modern office buildings, shorter mixed-use historic buildings, the hubs of AC Transit and BART, which has three underground stations, the city's official Entertainment District which includes the historic Paramount and Fox Theatres, nightclubs, and restaurants, the headquarters of Clorox, City Center, a portion of Old Oakland, and a portion of Chinatown.
Downtown includes a portion of the oldest part of the city. The area from the Oakland Estuary inland to 14th Street between West Street and the Lake Merritt Channel was the original site of Oakland, and there are several 19th century houses scattered around the edges of downtown and in Chinatown. The Oakland Museum is located on Oak Street near the southeastern edge of Downtown.
Education.
Higher education.
Laney College, with more than 12,000 students, is located on Fallon Street near the Lake Merritt BART station. Other educational institutions include Lincoln University, a small business school catering mainly to international students, and a downtown office of Cal State East Bay. Oaksterdam University, a business college which prepares students for medical cannabis work, is located on 15th Street in an area referred to as "Oaksterdam".
The original campus of UC Berkeley was located between Franklin, Harrison, 12th and 14th streets; and the University of California system is currently headquartered in Downtown.
Public primary and secondary education.
Lincoln Elementary School, one of the few public elementary schools in the downtown of a major US city, is on the edge of downtown, near the center of Chinatown. The Oakland School for the Arts, a charter school, is building a new facility surrounding the Fox Oakland Theatre in Oakland's Uptown Oakland.
Transportation.
Motor vehicle limitations.
City Hall Plaza is a city park and a "pedestrian plaza" which includes what was once the terminus of San Pablo Avenue where it met Broadway at 14th Street. It also includes 15th Street, which once ran through what is now "Kahn's Alley," past 250 Frank Ogawa Plaza building, across Clay Street, through what is now a glass windowed lobby of the California State office building, connecting with Jefferson Street on the building's west side entrance. Motor vehicle traffic has also been excluded from where former city streets, Washington street and 13th street, were once aligned through what is now the Oakland City Center development. Today the area features an outdoor retail mall with pedestrian streets laid out to replicate the original street grid.
AC Transit.
Several routes operated by AC Transit pass by or end at Downtown Oakland. These include:
Daytime Routes
Transbay Route
All-Nighter Routes (all routes meet at Broadway and 14th Street)
Transit passengers traveling in and out of Downtown are serviced by AC Transit's downtown bus station at 14th and Broadway, and Uptown Regional Transit Center bus mall on nearby Thomas L. Berkeley Way (20th Street) is now in full farebox service, and features multiple bus shelters with seating, NextBus arrival prediction signs, local and Rapid Bus service to Oakland's streetcar suburbs. These stations host local service, Rapid service, Transbay Express, and All Nighter service. A Translink Add Value Machine is located at AC Transit Headquarters on Franklin Street.
The "1" line which connects San Leandro and Berkeley, runs through downtown along 12th Street, and down Broadway. The transformation of the one line into a full scale bus rapid transit corridor is years into the planning process. The most substantial planning alternative proposed for this system would feature articulated buses with five to six doors at boarding platform level, a separated bus-only lane, center median platforms in many areas with proof-of-payment ticket machines to speed boarding, and signalization priority to allow bus drivers to change traffic lights in passengers favor.
BART.
Three BART stations are located beneath downtown; 12th Street/Oakland City Center and 19th Street are under Broadway, while Lake Merritt is in the eastern part of Chinatown.
Crime.
Notable incidents of violent crime have occurred downtown. On Halloween night in 2010, a shooter at Sweets Ballroom at 19th and Broadway shot nine victims.
A murder-robbery occurred at 19th and Webster in July 2010. On Sunday April 11, 2010 An Oakland man was found at 14th and Jefferson after being shot several times and was later pronounced dead at a hospital. In April 2008 several men staged a firearm takeover robbery of a restaurant and its customers at "Pho 84," 17th and Webster. On the afternoon of December 31, 2003, a man was shot to death in broad daylight in front of the Bank of America branch at 300 Lakeside Drive. On the afternoon of Saturday March 2, 2002, a murderer fatally stabbed a man at 14th and Franklin in broad daylight after chasing his victim, a man in his 50s, down the street after an argument. The murderer broke his leg after trying to flee on BART, and was apprehended by police thereafter.
January 2009 riots.
The January 2009 riots occurred in Oakland, California's Central Business District, downtown, and Lakeside Apartments District on January 7, 2009 following BART Police officer Johannes Mehserle's shooting of Oscar Grant III on January 1, 2009. The urban riots arose out of a peaceful protest that began earlier in the day at the Fruitvale BART Station, and evolved into a march toward downtown.
Aftermath.
Oakland's Community and Economic Development Agency stepped in to provide financial aid to the shop owners whose windows were smashed as a part of the response by the Dellums administration. Its Business Development Services Division is offering small grants from the façade improvement grant program that can be used for deductibles or repairs, publicizing the Enterprise Zone Tax Credit program, and engaging private lenders to match its contributions. The Oakland Business Development Corporation is also making small business loans. The City’s marketing department is going to step up its focus on downtown boutiques and stores. Security ambassador programs are also beginning as a part of the upcoming Downtown and Lake Merritt Community Benefit Districts.
Community Benefit Districts.
The Downtown Oakland and Lake Merritt/Uptown District Associations are community benefit districts that were formed in February 2009. Property owners in both Downtown Oakland and the Lake Merritt/Uptown Districts voted by a margin of almost 8 to 1 to support a voluntary property tax to fund services that would improve the quality of life in their respective communities. The associations meet and function jointly. Services funded by these Districts include maintaining cleanliness and order in the public rights of way, improving district identity and advocating on behalf of the area’s property owners, business owners and residents.  In June 2013, the districts were recognized by the International Downtown Association (IDA) and named the IDA’s June Downtown of the Month. 
The district boards have three organizational committees, including the DISI (District Identity and Street Improvement) Committee, the SOBO (Sidewalk Operations, Beautification & Order) Committee and the Joint ORG (Organization) Committee. The DISI Committee promotes the identity of the districts, encourages economic development and works to createa vibrant downtown through public relations, marketing, and special events.  The SOBO Committee oversees cleanliness and order in the public rights of way and manages service providers in keeping with the expectations of our organization and the needs of the community. Through diligent planning and thoughtful allocation of resources, the SOBO committee executes projects that effectively beautify and enhance the safety of the districts for the long term, creating vibrant and celebrated public spaces.  And lastly, the Joint Organization Committee oversees the general administration of the corporations, ensures the effective operationsof the board, acts as the coordinating framework through which the other committees function efficiently, and works to increase involvement and supportfor the organizations. 
The districts have helped fund several neighborhood beautification/improvement projects & initiatives including: The Latham Square pedestrian plaza, back of BART planter boxes, hanging flower baskets & banners and median landscaping projects, to name a few.
Historic districts.
The Downtown Oakland Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. The listing included 43 contributing buildings, one contributing site and one contributing object.
Other historic districts have been designated in Old Oakland: the Lakeside Apartments district, Preservation Park, and the Waterfront Warehouse district.

</doc>
<doc id="9660137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660137" title="Rumjatar Airport">
Rumjatar Airport

Rumjatar Airport is an airport serving Rumjatar, a village in the Okhaldhunga district of the Sagarmatha zone in Nepal.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9660172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660172" title="List of mayors of Ballarat">
List of mayors of Ballarat

This is a list of the Mayors of the City of Ballarat, a local government area and the third largest city in Victoria, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9660182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660182" title="Simara Airport">
Simara Airport

Simara Airport () is an airport serving Pipara Simara in Nepal. It is also the clostest airport to Birganj, Nepal's sixth biggest City. The airport was established July 4, 1958 and is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of Nepal.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9660184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660184" title="OSC Vellmar">
OSC Vellmar

OSC Vellmar is a German sports club based in Vellmar, Hesse which has departments for budō, weight lifting, handball, inline hockey, Taekwondo, dance, table tennis, gymnastics, and winter sports.
History.
The club's football team was established in 1918 and has played in the fourth division Oberliga Hessen since 2000 with the exception of the 2003–04 and 2007–08 seasons played in the Landesliga Hessen-Nord (V). Their best result was a 6th place finish in 2005–06.
The origins of the club go back to the 1892 founding of "Älterer Turnverein Obervellmar". In 1933, the association was forced to merge with "Arbeiter Turn- und Sportverein 1907 Obervellmar" under the policies of the Nazi regime which saw to the dissolution of worker's clubs which were considered to be ideologically undesirable. By 1934 the club was known as "TuS Obervellmar" and was renamed "OSC Vellmar" in 1976.
"OSC" plays its home matches at the Sportplatz Heckershäuser Straße which has a capacity of 4,000.
Honours.
The club's honours: 
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="9660191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660191" title="Bloody Falls">
Bloody Falls

Bloody Falls (or Bloody Fall, or Kogluktok, meaning "it flows rapidly" or "spurts like a cut artery" in Inuktitut) is a waterfall in the Kugluk/Bloody Falls Territorial Park and is the site of the Bloody Falls Massacre and the murder of two priests by Copper Inuit Uloqsaq and Sinnisiak in 1913.
The nearest hamlet, Kugluktuk, Nunavut, is away.
Historically, this area was occupied by the Kogluktogmiut subgroup of Copper Inuit.
In 1978, the portion of the Territorial Park northwest of the Coppermine River was designated the Bloody Falls National Historic Site of Canada, as the archaeological remains of pre-contact hunting and fishing sites in the area form a record of the presence of Pre-Dorset, Thule, First Nation and Inuit peoples over the last 3000 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9660208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660208" title="Serge Lang (skiing)">
Serge Lang (skiing)

Serge Lang (June 6, 1920–November 21, 1999) was a French journalist, alpine skier, and the founder of the alpine skiing World Cup. As a journalist he covered alpine skiing, cycling, and other sports for five major publications. In the mid-1960s, he envisioned a season-long series of ski races, which became the World Cup skiing circuit. He continued to guide the growth of the World Cup and the sport of ski racing over the next two decades.
Biography.
Early years.
Jean-Jacques "Serge" Lang was born in June 1920 in Mulhouse, Alsace, in eastern France. He moved with his parents to Switzerland in 1921, where his father Albert became director of the French train station located in Basel. Lang learned to ski before the age of 7 in Markstein, in the Vosges Mountains with his father Albert and his mother, Friedl. He competed in ski races during his youth. 
During World War II, he remained in Switzerland and worked as a journalist in Basel, where he also founded a film festival named "le Bon Film" with his friend Peter Baechlin. After the war he covered the Nuremberg Trials in 1946 and wrote the first biography of Alfred Rosenberg, Nazi Germany's chief racial theorician who was executed in October 1946. As a correspondent for the leading French evening paper "Le Soir", Lang also attended a variety of sporting events after reporting on the 1948 Winter Olympics at St. Moritz, especially alpine skiing and cycling.
The birth of the World Cup.
In the mid-1960s, he had the idea for a season-long series of ski races with a points system to determine a champion after being requested by former Tour de France and sportspaper "L'Équipe" director Jacques Goddet to "invent somethings which would help our readers to better understand ski racing alpine circuit". A few months earlier, Lang had attended the very successful 'Nations Team Event' at Vail, Colorado, where the three best teams of the 1964 Olympics at Innsbruck had been invited by former US Alpine Director Bob Beattie to enter a newly launched team competition. It was such an exciting event that Serge Lang was convinced afterwards it was time to greatly enlarge the horizon of alpine ski racing mostly limited to central Europe during the winter season.
In December 1965, "L'Équipe" launched the first (unofficial) European ski circuit named "Trophée de L'Equipe", which was won by France's Marielle Goitschel and Austria's Karl Schranz. Lang, after discussing it with some of his friends Bob Beattie, the US Alpine Director, and Honoré Bonnet, Head Coach of the French Ski Team, during a downhill training session of the famous "Hahnenkamm" races at Kitzbühel, Austria, in January 1966, decided that it should become a world tour. He choose to name it the "World Cup" after the football (soccer) world championships held in England in 1966, which were the first to be called World Cup. 
That same summer, the ski World Championships were held in August for the first time in Portillo, Chile, during the Southern Hemisphere winter. This provided an opportunity for all the major figures in ski racing to come together including as Bob Beattie, Alpine Director of the United States Ski Team, and Honoré Bonnet, head of the French Alpine Ski Team, and hash out the details of the proposed competition with a few skiers such as Frenchmen Jean-Claude Killy and Guy Périllat or Austrian Karl Schranz. The President of the International Ski Federation (FIS), Marc Hodler from Switzerland, agreed to support the new event which he personally presented to the press in Chile.
The first (still unofficial) World Cup season began next winter with the men's competitions at Berchtesgaden, Germany, on January 5, 1967. The first overall winners at the end of that season were Nancy Greene of Canada, and France's Jean-Claude Killy. The World Cup became an official event sanctioned by FIS next spring during its Congress at Beirut, Lebanon. Marc Hodler became the first president of the World Cup Committee until 1973.
Later years.
The alpine skiing World Cup soon became a huge success with ski racing fans, racers, organizers and ski suppliers. Lang continued to guide its growth over the following decades, serving as president of the International Ski Federation's Alpine World Cup committee from 1973 to 1986. He also continued working as a sports journalist for "Blick", "La Suisse", "24 Heures", and "L'Équipe", and founded the Association of International Ski Journalists in 1961. Lang wrote several books about ski racing and the World Cup, including the annual "Ski World Cup Guide" (popularly known as the "Biorama") with World Cup statistics and racer biographies, and the retrospective "21 Years of World Cup Ski Racing" published in 1986. Lang lived his later years in Riehen, Switzerland, and apparently died of a heart attack in Sternenberg, France while writing his memoirs in November 1999. His son, Patrick, is also a journalist covering alpine ski racing. The Lang legacy continues with two of his grand children, Manuèle (born 1974) and Philippe-Alexandre (born 1978) also working on the World Cup tour and cycling as reporters and cameraman. In 1991 three generations of the family worked at the Tour de France, certainly a unique performance: both Patrick Lang and his then 16-year-old daughter worked for ABC Sports while Serge Lang covered the race for some of his usual newspapers.
Wife.
Serge Lang was married from 1944 to 1989 to German-born journalist Anneliese Lang, who strongly supported him at the beginning of his career. Anneliese Lang was a film critic and met Lang at Basel during the War while reporting on "Le Bon Film" festival for a German newspaper. After returning to Berlin, she flew out of Germany after finding out she was a suspect for the Gestapo. She returned to Basel after jumping from her train while approaching the station. She died from cancer in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9660218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660218" title="Osteoblastoma">
Osteoblastoma

Osteoblastoma is an uncommon osteoid tissue-forming primary neoplasm of the bone. 
It has clinical and histologic manifestations similar to those of osteoid osteoma; therefore, some consider the two tumors to be variants of the same disease, with osteoblastoma representing a giant osteoid osteoma. However, an aggressive type of osteoblastoma has been recognized, making the relationship less clear.
Although similar to osteoid osteoma, it is larger (between 2 and 6 cm).
Pathophysiology.
The etiology of osteoblastoma is unknown. Histologically, osteoblastomas are similar to osteoid osteomas, producing both osteoid and primitive woven bone amidst fibrovascular connective tissue. Although the tumor is usually considered benign, a controversial aggressive variant has been described in the literature, with histologic features similar to those of malignant tumors such as an osteosarcoma.
Frequency.
In the US, Osteoblastomas account for only 0.5-2% of all primary bone tumors and only 14% of benign bone tumors making it a relatively rare form of bone tumor.
In regards to morbidity and mortality, conventional osteoblastoma is a benign lesion with little associated morbidity. However, the tumor may be painful, and spinal lesions may be associated with scoliosis and neurologic manifestations. Metastases and even death have been reported with the controversial aggressive variant, which can behave in a fashion similar to that of osteosarcoma. This variant is also more likely to recur after surgery than is conventional osteoblastoma. 
Osteoblastoma affects more males than it does females, with a ratio of 2-3:1 respectively. Osteoblastoma can occur in persons of any age, although the tumors predominantly affect the younger population (around 80% of these tumors occurs in persons under the age of 30). No racial predilection is recognized.
It usually presents in the vertebral column or long bones. Approximately 40% of all osteoblastomas are located in the spine. The tumors usually involve the posterior elements, and 17% of spinal osteoblastomas are found in the sacrum. The long tubular bones are another common site of involvement, with a lower extremity preponderance. Osteoblastoma of the long tubular bones is often diaphyseal, and fewer are located in the metaphysis. Epiphyseal involvement is extremely rare. Although other sites are rarely affected, several bones in the abdomen and extremities have been reported as sites of osteoblastoma tumors.
Signs and symptoms.
Patients with osteoblastoma usually present with pain of several months' duration. In contrast to the pain associated with osteoid osteoma, the pain of osteoblastoma usually is less intense, usually not worse at night, and not relieved readily with salicylates (aspirin and related compounds). If the lesion is superficial, the patient may have localized swelling and tenderness. Spinal lesions can cause painful scoliosis, although this is less common with osteoblastoma than with osteoid osteoma. In addition, lesions may mechanically interfere with the spinal cord or nerve roots, producing neurologic deficits. Pain and general weakness are common complaints.
Diagnosis.
When diagnosing osteoblastoma, the preliminary radiologic workup should consist of radiography of the site of the patient's pain. However, computed tomography (CT) is often necessary to support clinical and plain radiographic findings suggestive of osteoblastoma and to better define the margins of the lesion for potential surgery. CT scans are best used for the further characterization of the lesion with regard to the presence of a nidus and matrix mineralization. MRI aids in detection of nonspecific reactive marrow and soft tissue edema, and MRI best defines soft tissue extension, although this finding is not typical of osteoblastoma. Bone scintigraphy (bone scan) demonstrates abnormal radiotracer accumulation at the affected site, substantiating clinical suspicion, but this finding is not specific for osteoblastoma. In many patients, biopsy is necessary for confirmation.
Treatment.
The first route of treatment in Osteoblastoma is via medical means. Although necessary, radiation therapy (or chemotherapy) is controversial in the treatment of osteoblastoma. Cases of postirradiation sarcoma have been reported after use of these modalities. However, it is possible that the original histologic diagnosis was incorrect and the initial lesion was an osteosarcoma, since histologic differentiation of these two entities can be very difficult.
The alternative means of treatment consists of surgical therapy. The treatment goal is complete surgical excision of the lesion. The type of excision depends on the location of the tumor. 
In most patients, radiographic findings are not diagnostic of osteoblastoma; therefore, further imaging is warranted. CT examination performed with the intravenous administration of contrast agent poses a risk of an allergic reaction to contrast material. 
The lengthy duration of an MRI examination and a history of claustrophobia in some patients are limiting the use of MRI. Although osteoblastoma demonstrates increased radiotracer accumulation, its appearance is nonspecific, and differentiating these lesions from those due to other etiologies involving increased radiotracer accumulation in the bone is difficult. Therefore, bone scans are useful only in conjunction with other radiologic studies and are not best used alone.

</doc>
<doc id="9660231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660231" title="Simikot Airport">
Simikot Airport

Simikot Airport is an airport serving Simikot, a town in the Humla district of the Karnali zone in Nepal. This airport has recently been surfaced.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length. The runway has recently been improved and extended with more infrastructure being built. As a result of this construction the parking facilities and terminals also have seen some improvement.
Airlines and destinations.
Pilgrims and Trekkers bound for Lake Manasarovar and Mount Kailash in China's Tibet Autonomous Region fly into Simikot and proceed to the international border at Hilsa on foot 
or by helicopter.
See also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9660233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660233" title="Sharp Island">
Sharp Island

Sharp Island (Kiu Tsui Chau or Chinese: 橋咀洲) is the largest island in the Kiu Tsui Country Park located at Port Shelter of Sai Kung, Hong Kong. Tourists can go there for BBQ activities, fishing, swimming as well as diving. Sharp Island is under the administration of Sai Kung District.
Geography.
The island has a maximum elevation of 136 m and an area of 1 km². The two beaches Half Moon Bay Beach (廈門灣泳灘) and Kiu Tsui Beach (橋咀泳灘) are located on the island. They are both managed by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department.
When the predicted tides at Ko Lau Wan is lower than or equal to 0.75 meter, visitors can go to an inshore islet named Kiu Tau (橋頭) on foot. For more details, please visit the Hong Kong Observatory website [http://www.hko.gov.hk/tide/eKLWtide.htm].
Different kind of volcanic rocks can be found on Sharp Island. The most frequent ones are rocks with a peculiar pattern on the surface. Other rocks have an unusual pineapple shaped form.
History.
Origin of the different kinds or rocks.
It is believed that about 140 million years ago a volcano was located in Sai Kung. Sharp Island was according to that on the margin of the caldera. This is probably the reason for the widely distributed different volcanic rocks from different geological periods around Sharp Island.
Formation of the tombolo.
The sea currents near Sharp Island are pushing sand and gravel near the shore. After several years they formed a tombolo, a natural bridge made of different sized rocks and sand – connecting Sharp Island and Kiu Tau. At high tide the tombolo is submerged in water and thus can only be seen when the tide goes out.
Biography.
There are over 70% of stony corals coverage around the island. An endangered flora Tetrathyrium subcordatum is found on the south of the island.
Transport.
Kai-tos are available near Sai Kung Public Pier. The two-way trip to Sharp Island is about $20 and will take around 15mins for one trip.
Frequency of Kai-tos are as follows:
-15mins on weekends and holidays;
-30mins on weekdays.
Boat rowling to Sharp Island will spent about an hour and a half.

</doc>
<doc id="9660249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660249" title="Kayort language">
Kayort language

Kayort is an Indo-Aryan language spoken by about 22,000 people in Dakuwa Danga, Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="9660253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660253" title="Surkhet Airport">
Surkhet Airport

Surkhet Airport is an airport in Surkhet, Nepal . This airport is one of the hub airports in Mid-Western Nepal. Surkhet Airport is 5 km from the city of Birendranagar and is sometimes referred to as Birendranagar Airport.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9660263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660263" title="Arthur Petrie">
Arthur Petrie

Arthur Petrie (died 19 April 1787) was the 37th bishop of the Diocese of Ross and Moray of the Scottish Episcopal Church. He was one of the three bishops to consecrate Samuel Seabury, an American Episcopal priest as a bishop in 1784.
The Glasgow Mercury newspaper reporting his death at Micklefollo, described him as 'a dignified clergyman of the Episcopal Church in Scotland, much respected'.

</doc>
<doc id="9660275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660275" title="Sacred Heart Cathedral, Yokohama">
Sacred Heart Cathedral, Yokohama

Sacred Heart Cathedral is the seat of the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Yokohama, Japan. The Yokohama diocese includes Kanagawa, Shizuoka, Nagano, and Yamanashi prefectures. As it is located at 44 Yamate-cho, Naka-ku, the cathedral is commonly known locally as .
Immediately after the loosening of the prohibition of Christian faith in Japan, a Catholic church was built in 1862 by the Paris Foreign Missions Society in the Yokohama foreign settlement (currently Yamashita-cho). This church moved to the current location in 1906, and was a brick building with two bell towers. The 1923 Great Kantō earthquake completely destroyed it. The present Yamate Catholic Church was designed by Czech architect Jan Josef Švagr in the Neo-Gothic style and completed in 1933. When the Diocese of Yokohama was erected in 1937, the Yamate church became its cathedral.
Currently, Catholic masses are held on weekdays at 7am, Saturdays at 6pm, and Sundays at 7am, 8:15am, 10am (English services) and 12pm. Spanish language services are held every month on the second Sunday at 2pm (excluding July and August, when no Spanish services are held).

</doc>
<doc id="9660285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660285" title="Assume Vivid Astro Focus">
Assume Vivid Astro Focus

assume vivid astro focus (avaf) is both an alias of Brazilian-born New York-based artist Eli Sudbrack, and the name of an international group of visual and performance artists, with French multimedia artist Christophe Hamaide-Pierson one of the main collaborators. Sudbrack was born in 1968 and moved to New York in 1998.
Sudbrack first exhibited in New York in 2000, at which time he used the name Superastrolab, switching to assume vivid astro focus in 2001, the name always rendered in lowercase. avaf's work includes painting, drawing, photography, film and digital technology.
avaf has been featured in Art Forum, Frieze, Flash Art, L'Uomo Vogue, V Magazine, W Magazine, and a catalogue was recently published by the Whitney Museum of American Art for the 2004 Whitney Biennial.
avaf is included in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art, New York and the Judith Rothschild Foundation Contemporary Drawing Collection.
avaf is currently based in New York and Paris, and is represented by John Connelly Presents, New York, and Peres Projects, Berlin/LA.
The name derives from two musical sources: Throbbing Gristle's album "Assume Power Focus", and the band Ultra Vivid Scene.
Upcoming Exhibitions.
"assume vivid astro focus," Peres Projects, Berlin
Exhibitions.
Recent avaf collective exhibitions include:
Sudbrack has had solo projects at:

</doc>
<doc id="9660304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660304" title="Voices (Saosin song)">
Voices (Saosin song)

"Voices" is a song by alternative rock group Saosin. It is the lead single off their self-titled LP. Two videos have been shot, a live montage released before the album and an "actual video" (Saosin's first non-montage video) shot in January 2007. An acoustic version of the song was included as a Best Buy exclusive download of the Saosin LP. It has been performed acoustically on the 97x Green Room and AOL's Sessions Under Cover.
Music videos.
First video.
The first music video released for this song featured the band playing at a concert at Water Street Music Hall (Rochester, NY) and then showing clips of the band when not performing.
Second video.
The second music video release for this song was about how every kid speaks a different "voice" but the same things happen. It shows a close-up of some kids while it shows events in the background. Most of them showing the parents arguing while the child is present whereas others feature a sick/suffering parent in the background, such as one where a father puts on an oxygen mask. As the song nears the end the children turn around and walk toward their parents. It shows the father with the oxygen mask being kissed by his son as he walks away. The video, like the first, also featured the band playing at some type of concert event.

</doc>
<doc id="9660307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660307" title="Tumlingtar Airport">
Tumlingtar Airport

Tumlingtar Airport , also known as Tumling Tar Airport, is an airport serving Tumlingtar, a city in Nepal.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway which is in length.
See Also.
List of airports in Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="9660322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660322" title="Bickerton (bicycle)">
Bickerton (bicycle)

The Bickerton, also called the Bickerton Portable, is a portable aluminium folding bicycle designed by Harry Bickerton and manufactured in the UK between 1971 and 1989. After the end of production in 1989, the factory did not close its doors until 1991. The Bickerton was a portable bicycle launched when folding bicycles tended to be step-through frames with a simple hinge, such as the folding variant of the Raleigh Twenty. The bicycle was made entirely of aluminium profiles, without any welds. In its weight (under 10kg) and folded package size it broke new ground
The bike was heavily promoted on TV with the slogan "Go bag a Bickerton", a reference to the dual-purpose bag, which could be used to hold the bike or as a pannier).
The brand has been relaunched for the 40th anniversary at Munich Bike show in Germany. The new bikes, manufactured by Tern in Taiwan, combine the old brand, with a new design. Mark Bickerton, son of Harry, who ran the factory making the first generation Bickerton bikes, is involved with product development, marketing and sales.
Although "Bickerton" is also a name for a practical joke in the Formula One automotive industry, it is thought that the two are not connected.

</doc>
<doc id="9660332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660332" title="Sunrise Semester">
Sunrise Semester

Sunrise Semester is an American television series which aired on CBS from 1957 through 1982. It was produced in conjunction with New York University (NYU). During the months of June, July and August, the program was known as Summer Semester.
The program was so named because it was broadcast at 6:00 or 6:30 a.m., depending on the area. "Sunrise Semester" was one of the first examples of distance learning, telecourses, or MOOCs. Lecturers presented NYU credit courses in studio on a wide range of academic subjects, and these broadcast courses were offered for credit to anyone who paid the course fees. The teachers were chosen from the NYU faculty, and included Neil Postman, who taught a course in 1976.
The show ran on the CBS schedule for almost 25 years, but by the early 1980s, declining ratings, the rise of public television in the US (which evolved from the educational broadcasting movement of the 1950s that "Sunrise Semester" was a part of), and CBS' desire to schedule more news-oriented programming in the morning hours, all led to the program's cancellation.

</doc>
<doc id="9660335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660335" title="Willem Jacob Visser">
Willem Jacob Visser

Willem Jacob Visser (1915–1991) worked to unite the organizations of different auxiliary languages. In the 1970s, he edited a magazine "Union" in Eurolatin, his own variation of Interlingua. In the pages of "Union", he published articles and excerpts from users of all auxiliary languages and their periodicals. Visser argued that "interlinguists throughout the world should become friends," and his magazine is credited with improving understanding. He was Ido Representative in the Netherlands and later a member of Interlingua-Nederland.

</doc>
<doc id="9660337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660337" title="List of Western Australian government agencies">
List of Western Australian government agencies

This is a list of agencies, corporations, departments and authorities that are part of the Government of Western Australia.
Departments, agencies, corporations and authorities.
List of departments, agencies, corporations and authorities:
A.
Starting with A:
B.
Starting with B:
C.
Starting with C:
D.
Starting with D:
E.
Starting with E:
F.
Starting with F:
G.
Starting with G:
H.
Starting with H:
I.
Starting with I:
K.
Starting with K:
L.
Starting with L:
M.
Starting with M:
N.
Starting with N:
O.
Starting with O:
P.
Starting with P:
R.
Starting with R:
S.
Starting with S:
T.
Starting with T:
V.
Starting with V:
W.
Starting with W:
Z.
Starting with Z:

</doc>
<doc id="9660356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660356" title="Marie Andrews">
Marie Andrews

Marie Therese Andrews (born 9 December 1940), is a former Australian politician, who was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Peats for the Australian Labor Party between 1995 and 2007 and then the electorate of Gosford from 2007 to 2011. 
Prior to entering politics, Andrews was a private secretary to the NSW Branch Secretary of the Australian Railways Union (now part of the Australian Rail Tram and Bus Industry Union) for 17 years. 
On 8 November 2010, Andrews announced that she would not be contesting the next state election and her seat was won by Chris Holstein of the Liberals.

</doc>
<doc id="9660370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660370" title="Julia Dean">
Julia Dean

The Julia Dean was the name of two river steamboats on the Mississippi River.
Steamer Julia Dean.
Sternwheel packet, wooden hull, built at McKeesport, Pennsylvania, 1850, 117 tons. 138.5' x 24' x 3.8'. Ran the Pittsburgh-Zanesville trade from 1850-1853. Built for N.W. and George Graham of N.W. Graham & Company, Zanesville, OH. Her masters include Capts. Charles Galligher, Joseph McVay, J.J. Binning, Henry S. Pierce and George Russell. 
Inasmuch as two boats of this name were built in 1850, the accounts of their careers have become tangled. One of them was on the upper Mississippi 1855-1856, noticed at Saint Paul both years. The other (presumably this one) was lost in a collision with the Rainbow at Mount Vernon, on April 26, 1857, with loss of 5 lives.
News Articles regarding the Str. Julia Dean.
New Albany Daily Ledger, April 28, 1857
The steamers Julia Dean and Rainbow came in collision on Sunday morning, in the Ohio River, near Mount Vernon. The former was sunk, by which five lives were lost. The following are the particulars, derived from a letter from Mr. W.W.Houston, clerk of the Rainbow:
On the 26th day of April, 1857, about the hour of 3 o'clock in the morning, the steamer Rainbow, while ascending the Ohio river, opposite Slim Island, about four miles below Mt. Vernon, Indiana came in collision with the Julia Dean, bound down.
The Rainbow sounded her whistle twice for the larboard side, and was answered by one sound of the whistle from the Dean; the Rainbow was stopped and backed, and then came the collision, the Julia Dean striking the Rainbow about the stem on the starboard side, breaking a hole in the Rainbow and sinking herself immediately. The Rainbow was instantly landed to protect those on board, and finding she was making no water of any consequence, she proceeded to the wreck of the Julia Dean. The steamer Belfast being a short distance behind the Rainbow, arrived at the wreck first. The Rainbow made fast to and towed the wreck ashore.
We then proceeded on our trip, but upon examination, finding that the Rainbow made water very freely, in consequence of the spray being thrown above the break in the hull, we landed and repaired the damage temporarily and then continued our trip.
Some three or four of the deck hands and fireman are supposed to have been drowned. She had but a small crew and only three passengers. Her principal freight was 200 barrels salt and about 20 tons marble.
The Julia Dean had recently been purchased by Capts. John Cummins and Pinkney Varble, for $3,500, and had no insurance on her. She left Louisville last week for Evansville and the Wabash with 200 barrels of salt which had been purchased by the owners. At Evansville a lot of groceries, iron, and twenty tons of marble had been taken on board. Four of the crew and one cabin passenger were drowned. The latter got on at Evansville. The crew shipped at Louisville; their names have not yet been ascertained. One of them resided in Portland, where he leaves a family.
New Albany Daily Ledger April 28, 1857 
The Rainbow has laid up to repair.
New Albany Daily Ledger April 29, 1857
The Rainbow is undergoing repairs at the Portland wharf, having received but slight damage by her collision with the Julia Dean.
New Albany Daily Ledger April 29, 1857
The Louisville Courier learns that seven men were drowned by the loss of the Julia Dean in the collision with the Rainbow. Six o them were of the crew, and the seventh one was a passenger who got on the boat at Evansville. The names of the crew were: William Collins, John Howdew, Chris. Sharper, Charles Baker, Richard Birmingham, and William Browder.

</doc>
<doc id="9660382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660382" title="City of Glass (comics)">
City of Glass (comics)

City of Glass: The Graphic Novel is a one-volume comics adaptation of American author Paul Auster's novella "City of Glass". The story was originally part of "The New York Trilogy", and in 1994, David Mazzucchelli and Paul Karasik set out to adapt the offbeat, somewhat surreal short novel into a graphic novel.
The original comic was published by Avon Books as "Neon Lit: Paul Auster's City of Glass". The project was somewhat led by influential and popular comics artist Art Spiegelman. The original printing was well-received, and the work was chosen as one of the "The Top 100 English-Language Comics of the Century". In 2004, a new edition of the book was released as "City of Glass: The Graphic Novel", which featured an introduction by Spiegelman. In this introduction, Spiegelman calls the graphic novel "a breakthrough work."
Plot.
The story follows a man named Daniel Quinn. One night, he receives a call meant for a private detective (strangely enough named Paul Auster, the same name as the author of the story). Quinn is intrigued by the phone call, and takes the case. His employers end up being a man, named Peter Stillman, and his wife. Through the course of the narrative, Quinn discovers some surprising things about identity, language, and human nature. He also ends up meeting, not the unseen detective Paul Auster, but writer Paul Auster.
In one section of Paul Auster's original novella, Peter Stillman delivers a long, somewhat disjointed speech about his life and the job that he has for Daniel Quinn. In the comic adaptation, the interplay between words and pictures is particularly interesting, with the word balloons coming less often from Stillman and more often from inkwells, storm drains, and even cave paintings. Spiegelman was particularly impressed with this section of the book, noting how well it translates Auster's description of Stillman's speech patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="9660402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660402" title="Blackout (drug-related amnesia)">
Blackout (drug-related amnesia)

A blackout is a phenomenon caused by the intake of any substance or medication in which long term memory creation is impaired, therefore causing a complete inability to recall the past. Blackouts can be caused by any substance, but are most frequently associated with GABAergic drugs. Blackouts are frequently described as having effects similar to that of anterograde amnesia, in which the subject cannot recall any events after the event that caused amnesia. 'Blacking out' is not to be confused with the mutually exclusive act of 'passing out', which means loss of consciousness. Research on alcohol blackouts was begun by E. M. Jellinek in the 1940s. Using data from a survey of Alcoholics Anonymous (AA) members, he came to believe that blackouts would be a good determinant of alcoholism. However, there are conflicting views as to whether this is true. The negative psychological effects of an alcohol-related blackout are often worsened by those who suffer from anxiety disorders.
Alcohol and long-term memory.
Various studies have also given rise to proof of links between general alcohol consumption and its effects on memory capacity. These studies have shown in particular, how the inebriated or intoxicated individual makes poorer associations between words and objects than does the sober individual. Later blackout-specific studies have indicated that alcohol specifically impairs the brain's ability to take short-term memories and experiences and transfer them to long-term memory.
It is a common misconception that blackouts generally occur only in alcoholics; research suggests that individuals who engage in binge drinking, such as many college students, are often at risk as well. In a 2002 survey of college students by researchers at Duke University Medical Center, 40% of those surveyed who had consumed alcohol recently reported having experienced a blackout within the preceding year.
In one study, a sample of individuals was gathered and divided into groups based on whether they had had a fragmentary blackout within the last year or not. Groups were also divided based on those who had received alcohol and those who had not. In their beverage challenge, participants were given one drink per ten minutes until the target of .08%BAC was achieved. Drinks for the alcohol condition contained a 3:1 ratio of mixer to vodka. After 30 minutes, breathalyzer samples were recorded and recorded every 30 minutes thereafter. In the test for narrative recall those who received alcohol and FB+(those who admitted to having a fragmentary blackout within the last year) recalled fewer narrative details at 30-minute delay, but there were no significant interaction effects. The next day participants were called and tested on narrative recall and cued recall and the results were that those who consumed alcohol showed poorer 30-minute delay recall and next-day recall than those who did not consume alcohol, but there were no significant effects on cued recall of details. Their study also revealed that those who were FB+ and consumed alcohol also performed worse on contextual recall than the other participants.
Alcohol impairs delayed and next-day narrative recall, but not next-day cued recall which suggests that information is available in memory but is temporarily inaccessible. Those with a history of fragmentary blackouts also performed worse on delayed recall than those with no prior blackouts. Neuroimaging shows that cued recall and free recall are associated with differential neural activation in distinct neural networks: sensory and conceptual. Together, these findings suggest that the differential effects of alcohol on free and cued recalls may be a result of substance altering neural activity in conceptual rather than sensory networks. Prior blackout experience also appear to be related to impaired conceptual networks.
Types of blackouts.
Blackouts can generally be divided into 2 categories, "en bloc" blackouts and "fragmentary" blackouts. En bloc blackouts are classified by the inability to later recall any memories from the intoxication period, even when prompted. These blackouts are characterized also by the ability to easily recall things that have occurred within the last 2 minutes, yet inability to recall anything prior to this period. As such, a person experiencing an en bloc blackout may not appear to be doing so, as they can carry on conversations or even manage to accomplish difficult feats. It is difficult to determine the end of this type of blackout as sleep typically occurs before they end. Fragmentary blackouts are characterized by the ability to recall certain events from an intoxicated period, yet be unaware that other memories are missing until reminded of the existence of these 'gaps' in memory. Research indicates that such fragmentary blackouts, also known as brownouts, are far more common than en bloc blackouts. Memory impairment during acute intoxication involves dysfunction of episodic memory, a type of memory encoded with spatial and social context. Recent studies have shown that there are multiple memory systems supported by discrete brain regions, and the acute effects of alcohol and learning and memory may result from alteration of the hippocampus and related structures on a cellular level. A rapid increase in blood alcohol concentration (BAC) is most consistently associated with the likelihood of a blackout. However, not all subjects experience blackouts which implies that genetic factors play a role in determining CNS vulnerability to the effects of alcohol. The former may predispose an individual to alcoholism, as altered memory function during intoxication may affect an individual’s alcohol expectancy, one may perceive positive aspects of intoxication while unintentionally ignoring the negative aspects.
Causes.
Blackouts are commonly associated with the consumption of large amounts of alcohol; however, surveys of drinkers experiencing blackouts have indicated that they are not directly related to the amount of alcohol consumed. Respondents reported they frequently recalled having "drank as much or more without memory loss," compared to instances of blacking out. Subsequent research has indicated that blackouts are most likely caused by a rapid increase in a person's blood-alcohol concentration. One study, in particular, resulted in subjects being stratified easily into two groups, those who consumed alcohol very quickly, and blacked out, and those who did not black out by drinking alcohol slowly, despite being extremely intoxicated by the end of the study.
In another study hospital file data showed, that of 67 participants, 39 had reported a blackout. The presence or absence of blackouts was cross-tabulated against various measures of alcohol problem severity. The presence of blackouts was associated to some degree with some indications of severity such as withdrawal and loss of control, but not with duration of problem drinking, physical complications or abnormal liver function.
The presence of blackouts was related to some measures of severity of the problem – withdrawal symptoms and loss of control. The hypotheses that blackouts either reflect a general vulnerability to the cerebral consequences of alcohol abuse or are associated with other forms of more enduring cognitive impairment did not receive any support.
In another study which looked at subjective responses to alcohol as a prime for 21st birthday alcohol consumption, subjective responses to the initial drink were viewed as a prime for more alcohol consumption during 21st birthday celebrations. Current findings show that subjective responses to alcohol have direct effects on both the final BAC achieved and on the experiences of blackouts and hangover that are not explained by level of intoxication. Where a variety of social factors, such as peer pressure and 21st birthday traditions such as 21 shots may influence the amount of alcohol people consume, their subjective experiences with alcohol have clear influences on both consumption and the physiological consequences of drinking. These physiological responses to alcohol may have a biological vulnerability that extends beyond the dose-dependent effects of alcohol
Self reports from another study showed that 63% of patients in the study gulped their drinks rather than sipped. Five patients recollected vomiting during the drinking episode while 32 drank on an empty stomach and 41 drank more than originally planned. During the drinking episode 31% subjects described blackouts, 20% described brownouts, and 49% reported no amnesic episode.
Childhood sexual abuse in college women moderated the relationship between dissociation levels and problematic drinking distinct from frequency of blackout experiences. Though research to date had yet to examine this specific relationship in college women, results are consistent with previous clinical reports that dissociative symptoms are most likely to occur in trauma survivors engaging in added risk factors such as substance use. Particularly concerning, college women are more vulnerable to alcohol-related sexual assault as alcohol consumption increases and in the case of women with CSA, problematic drinking heightens the risk of revictimization.
Neurophysiological and chemical mechanisms.
Memory disruptions by alcohol leading to blackout have been linked to inhibition of long-term potentiation, particularly in the hippocampus, by affecting gamma-Aminobutyric acid (GABA) and N-methyl-D-aspartate neurotransmission ("see Effects of alcohol on memory").
Alcohol induced blackouts are associated with the development of alcohol abuse and dependence, so it is important to consider potential neurobiological risk factors for experiencing this problem prior to onset of substance use. Results showed that prior to beginning substance use, blackout + youth showed greater activation during inhibitory processing than nondrinkers and blackout – youth in frontal and cerebellar brain regions. Activation during correct inhibitory responses relative to go responses in the left and middle frontal gyri at baseline predicted future blackout experience, after controlling for follow-up externalizing behaviors and lifetime alcohol consumption. The conclusion of this study was that substance-naïve adolescents who later experience alcohol-induced blackouts show increased neural effort during inhibitory processing, as compared to adolescents who go on to drink at similar levels, but do not experience blackouts and healthy, nondrinking controls, suggesting a neurobiological vulnerability to alcohol-induced memory impairments.
Other GABAA agonist drugs.
Alcohol acts as an agonist of the GABAA type receptor, leading to memory disruption ("see Effects of alcohol on memory"). Benzodiazepines (such as flunitrazepam, midazolam, and temazepam), barbiturates (such as phenobarbital), and other drugs which also act as GABAA agonists, are known to cause blackouts as a result of high dose use.
Predisposition to blackouts.
Research indicates that some users of alcohol, particularly those with a history of blackouts, are predisposed to experience blackouts more frequently than others. One such study indicated a link between prenatal exposure to alcohol and vulnerability towards blackouts, in addition to the oft-cited link between this type of exposure and alcoholism. Alternatively, another study has indicated that there appears to be a genetic predisposition towards blacking out, suggesting that some individuals are made to be susceptible to alcohol-related amnesia.
From a neurobiological perspective, central serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) neurotransmission has been shown to modulate both alcohol consumption and impulsivity. Some variations in 5-HT neurotransmission may thus contribute to a risk of AD (alcohol dependence), especially the forms of AD associated with a high level of impulsivity 2. 
As the extracellular concentration of 5-HT is regulated by the activity of the 5-HT transporter (5-HTT), the gene SLC6A4 encoding this protein represents an important potential candidate gene for AD risk. Using a meta-analysis approach, Feinn et al. found evidence for an association of the short allele of the 5-HTTLPR (SLC6A4) with AD, but the overall effect size estimated by odd ratios was found weak. As expected in a complex condition like alcohol dependence, the disagreement in the association between AD and 5-HTTLPR likely reflects the impossibility for a single genetic determinant to explain the whole of the risk.
Aside from chemical components which may cause a predisposition to alcohol dependence and blackouts, expectations of alcohol use may predispose drinkers toward alcoholism and blackouts. In a study of 123 college students significant correlations were found between students’ alcohol expectancies, level of alcohol abuse, and blackout history. The students who experienced blackouts (38.6%) had much higher positive alcohol expectancies than those without blackouts. Positive and negative expectancies were positively correlated among the no-blackout group, but negatively correlated among the blackout group.
Consequences.
Alcohol dependence is not prerequisite to blackouts (either en bloc or fragmentary). Students in one study who reported blackouts were demographically similar to other drinking students. Importantly, however, students reporting blackouts drank more, and had other symptoms of alcoholic drinking, even though they did not fall into the alcoholic range on the MAST (Michigan Alcoholism Screen Test). Half of the students reported having had a blackout during their drinking careers, which closely followed other research findings.
In another study 25% of healthy college students reported being familiar with alcoholic blackouts. 51% of the students reported that they had had at least one blackout. Blackouts were reported during activities such as spending money (27%), sexual conduct (24%), fighting (16%), vandalism (16%), unprotected intercourse (6%), and driving a car (3%). So a significant number of students were engaged in a range of possibly hazardous activities during blackouts.
Of 545 individuals in another study, 161 (29.5%) reported driving drunk, 139 (25.5%) reported a regretted sexual situation, 67 (12.3%) reported unprotected sex, 60 (11%) reported having damaged property, 55 (10.1%) reported getting into a physical fight, and 29 (5.3%) reported injuring someone while under the influence of alcohol in the past 6 months.

</doc>
<doc id="9660403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660403" title="Du Pré Stradivarius">
Du Pré Stradivarius

The Du Pré Stradivarius is an antique cello fabricated in 1673 by Italian luthier Antonio Stradivari of Cremona (1644–1737). It has also been known generically as the 1673 Stradivarius, as it is the only cello made by Stradivari in that year.
Recent owners of "The 1673" have included the cellists Jacqueline du Pré (1945–1987), Lynn Harrell and Nina Kotova. Harrell purchased the cello from the ailing du Pré in 1984, and has since taken legal steps to have the cello renamed the "Jacqueline du Pré Stradivari".
While visiting New York, Harrell managed to exit a taxi cab and forget his cello. Luckily the honest cab driver turned it in and it was returned to Lynn completely unscathed.

</doc>
<doc id="9660405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660405" title="RegisterFly">
RegisterFly

RegisterFly was a New Jersey (U.S.) based internet hosting and domain name registrar that had their ICANN-accredited status terminated in March 2007.
History.
RegisterFly formerly acted as a reseller of the services of eNom, but became an accredited registrar in its own right in 2006 through the acquisition of "Top Class Names" sold to the company by Directi with Bhavin Turakhia completing the asset transfer. By February 2007, the company was registrar for approximately 2,000,000 domain names held by about 900,000 customers. Notable clients of RegisterFly included the government of Thailand, the Easter Seals charity, and pop star Michael Jackson. In 2007, ICANN launched an investigation of RegisterFly amid allegations of fraud. No lawsuits were initially filed between the governing domain body and the company; however, there was during this time a lawsuit between the company's two owners, CEO John Naruszewicz and Kevin Medina. RegisterFly's website went offline for a time, causing serious concern amongst registrant customers of RegisterFly.
The incidents and lawsuit that then followed were the result of a feud between RegisterFly co-owners Kevin Medina and John Naruszewicz, who were at once both business and intimate partners. As problems at RegisterFly gained momentum, their ten-year-long business and romantic relationship abruptly came to an end. The lawsuit between the former partners alleged, among other matters, that Medina misappropriated corporate funds for personal use. However, the court ruled on March 8, 2007, in favor of Medina, stating that Naruszewicz had no ownership over RegisterFly. Medina resumed control over RegisterFly, but not before Naruszewicz published a public apology to customers on the company's web page.
On March 28, 2007, U.S. District Court Judge William Osteen unsealed a class action lawsuit filed by Attorney E. Clarke Dummit against RegisterFly, eNom, and ICANN. The lawsuit alleges that RegisterFly systematically defrauded customers attempting to register or renew Internet domain names.
Due to the reported negligence of RegisterFly in protecting its customers, angry calls have arisen for oversight of the domain registrar industry. On March 16, 2007, ICANN publicly announced that Registerfly will cease operating as an ICANN-Accredited Registrar on March 31, 2007. ICANN officially removed Registerfly's accreditation on March 31, 2007 and ordered Registerfly to cease operation and remove the ICANN logo from Registerfly's website. However, Kevin Medina invoked the arbitration clause in the registrar's accreditation agreement which allows him to continue to operate as a domain name registrar through an arbitration process laid out in the contract.
On April 17, 2007, a federal judge granted a temporary restraining order to ICANN, compelling Registerfly to turn over all registration data within 48 hours and to update it every seven days. Medina failed to do so, and ICANN was granted a civil contempt order against Registerfly on May 9, 2007, compelling Registerfly to comply with the preliminary injunction. Because Kevin Medina failed to show up for the hearings, the judge issued a show cause why Medina should not be found personally in contempt of court on May 16, and ordered another hearing for May 25, 2007. Kevin Medina appeared in court on May 25, 2007, and was found personally in contempt for not complying with the previous orders. The temporary restraining order was made permanent. He was given 48 hours to post a notice on his website stating that Registerfly's accreditation had been terminated, and until June 1, 2007 to give ICANN all registrant data. Registerfly could be fined $5,000 USD a day for failure to do so. Registerfly initially posted the required ICANN notice in the help section of their website; however, the notice did not meet all of the order's requirements, especially as to placement on the top one-third of every page in a fourteen-point bold typeface. RegisterFly has since printed the required notice on its home page.
Ownership lawsuit.
In February 2007 eNom formally severed ties with RegisterFly over continued consumer complaints. John Naruszewicz, a co-owner of RegisterFly, filed suit against his business partner, CEO Kevin Medina (they each were thought to have owned 50% of the company). Medina was fired by RegisterFly, reportedly over civil liabilities relating to allegations of funds mismanagement but Medina and Naruszewicz continued to dispute legal control over the company. Meanwhile RegisterFly filed suit against Kevin Medina, alleging he had stolen company funds for a $27,000 male escort service, a $6,000 liposuction procedure, a $10,000/month penthouse apartment in Miami, Florida and a $6,000 chihuahua dog. This alleged misappropriation of funds, along with Medina's lavish spending, was said to have caused the company's woes. Court documents claim over 75,000 customer domain names were forfeited by RegisterFly.com in one month alone because of the company's failure to pay registration fees. RegisterFly management also claimed that Medina deleted passwords and access to billing system information to prevent the issuing of customer refunds. However, Medina reportedly accused his ex-lover Naruzewicz of spending $60,000 in company funds on Moroccan furniture for the Corporate office.
Website split and court ruling.
In early March two competing and visually similar versions of the RegisterFly website were online. Naruszewicz had taken over control of RegisterFly.com; and RegisterFly.net was set up by and under Medina's management, each through separate service providers. On March 7, 2007, reports emerged that Registerfly.net was effectively a phishing site gathering credit card sales but not providing a product or service. Customers were urged to avoid all business with RegisterFly.net, and immediately, to change their passwords via RegisterFly.com, since even though the websites were separate, Medina still had a duplicate of all account information.
On March 8, 2007, then-CEO John Naruszewicz made an official announcement that having regained control of the website, he would begin rectifying payment problems and recovering lost domains. Later the same day, United States district court Judge Peter Sheridan ordered that legal control of RegisterFly be returned to an official ownership state as of December 17, 2006, when, at this time it was discovered that Medina never correctly filed proper ownership agreements and they were being drawn up and discussed. This ruling essentially allowed Naruszewicz to forfeit any claim to Registerfly, with Medina being the sole owner and fully responsible for all company affairs. After the ruling, Medina said “This decision puts me back in the driver's seat. I believe I have built a lot of customers that will weather the storm.” Without Naruszewicz at the helm, all Registerfly employees tendered their resignation on the same day as Medina's court victory. This was one of the final nails in the coffin for this company.
Naruszewicz said he would not appeal the judge's ruling and stated, “We lost and it's all over. The company will implode in days and 1 million domain names are going to be lost. It's a damned shame.”
ICANN and customer complaints.
ICANN had received many customer complaints about RegisterFly. There were allegations of fraud dating back to 2004, including reports RegisterFly had suspended customer accounts and domain names in retaliation for complaints about overcharging. Kevin Medina also reportedly used the fake alias of "Tim Shor". eNom and ICANN also accused RegisterFly of inappropriately altering clients' WHOIS data. Complaints about RegisterFly were issued by other ICANN-accredited registrars, ICANN board members and the United States Department of Commerce.
On February 22, 2007 ICANN notified RegisterFly they would lose their accreditation as a domain registrar if certain issues were not corrected. News sources reported that as of February 19, 2007 RegisterFly had suspended all business contact including e-mail, telephone and fax communications. Meanwhile ICANN was also the subject of criticism over their handling of RegisterFly's problems, with allegations of a “laissez faire attitude toward customer allegations of fraud”.
ICANN lawsuit and domain restrictions.
On March 4, 2007 (a Sunday) ICANN announced it would file suit against RegisterFly in United States federal court the following March 6 for failing to comply with an audit as required by their Registrar Accreditation Agreement (RAA). However, ICANN deferred the suit after RegisterFly provided ICANN with minimum registrant information. ICANN also convinced several top-level domain registries who administer the .com, .net, .biz and .info namespaces, including VeriSign, NeuStar and Afilias to restrict pending-expiration Registerfly domains into a so-called “Server-Delete-Prohibited” status. ICANN stated, “This will prevent them from being deleted from the registry and becoming available for re-registration by others.”
.be domains.
In 2005...2006, RegisterFly was the main registrar of .be domains (Belgium). This is due to various promotional zero-dollar offers for .be domains by RegisterFly during 2005 and probably until late 2006. A significant part of the RegisterFly domain data base included .be domains. While the exact number can not be specified at this time, the number is supposed to be between 100 000 and 300 000 .be domains. When customers tried to renew such domains, the money was drawn from their credit card but domain renewal did not take place. So in their RegisterFly customer account, their domain was marked as renewed, while the Belgium organisation for these domains - equivalent to ICANN - had already made them available for new domain registrants. The Belgian ICANN equivalent refused to apply to these domains the status “Server-Delete-Prohibited”. This refusal was the answer for the corresponding request for various .be domains, for example for the domain notenverga.be ("rating...", related to the German site http://vox7.com = rating of election candidates.) - Source: infos7.com - So while ICANN coordinated some kind of protection, the registrants of .be domain had the risk to definitely lose their domains in case of some marketing value (high visitor frequence) to domain hunters.
Termination of ICANN accreditation.
On March 16, 2007, ICANN informed Registerfly that it would cease operating as an ICANN-Accredited Registrar on March 31, 2007, and also ordered RegisterFly to immediately cease using the ICANN logo and trademarks on their website.
“Terminating accreditation is the strongest measure ICANN is able to take against RegisterFly under its powers. ICANN has been frustrated and distressed by recent management confusion inside RegisterFly. Completely understand the greater frustration and enormous difficulty that this has created for registrants.” Dr. Paul Twomey, President and CEO of ICANN was quoted as saying. Twomey also called on RegisterFly to immediately initiate a “bulk transfer” (migrating or moving multiple names at one time) of all their domain names to another registrar, to protect the interests of their remaining clients.
On April 27, a US Judge ruled that ICANN could terminate RegisterFly's accreditation immediately.
Effects on industry due to RegisterFly collapse.
In the wake of and in response to RegisterFly's collapse, ICANN is planning to reform the entire domain registration and registrar accreditation process. President and CEO of ICANN, Dr. Paul Twomey, stated:
Independent help for customers.
For customers of RegisterFly the court ruling was exacerbated by reports that Medina's credit card provider Humboldt was terminating their services. Many customers had learned of these problems only after having failed in routine online attempts to renew or transfer domain names or pay for services via credit card. The support website "registerflies.com", which had been set up in 2005 for the purpose of providing independent support and information to disgruntled RegisterFly customers, was providing information on recovering domain names lost by RegisterFly. Also, they have called for domain name registrants to contact the Florida attorney general.
RegisterFly was ordered by ICANN to provide its database of registrant information to them, including the owners of domain names and their contact details. ICANN reportedly received the data on March 7 and found that the data was deficient and inaccurate. On April 17, 2007 A Federal judge granted a temporary restraining order to ICANN compelling Registerfly to turn over all registration data and to update it every seven days.
Because of the current operational problems at the RegisterFly website, ProtectFly in many instances can not be turned off, or turning it off has no effect, which has caused customers more difficulties. Valentino Viccetzar, a writer for the web blog "Poker Rouge Blog", was reported to have found a 15-step work-around solution for customers. This technique became known as the 'poker push', but in many instances failed to work, and customers were forced to try and find remedies with Registerfly.
Customers continued to report that they were unable to get support through the Registerfly support system as their telephone support involved multiple hour wait times, support tickets were ignored or deleted, and that emails went unaswered. A few customers were able to resolve problems. However, sometime in the middle of May 2007 the Registerfly support telephone numbers were disconnected.
There is no way for disenfranchised customers to recover funds remaining in their accounts. As of April 2, 2008, customer support states "We do not refund quick checkout balances... This policy is without exception."
Portfolio buyout.
On May 29, 2007 Go Daddy, announced that through an agreement with RegisterFly, it was taking over the entire portfolio of more than 855,000 generic top-level domain (gTLD) names held by RegisterFly. The names would move to newly created accounts at GoDaddy, and they would notify Registerfly customers by email. GoDaddy and ICANN will not release terms of the agreement but have said that GoDaddy is not buying Registerfly. ICANN plans to continue legal action against Registerfly for its continued noncompliance of the court ordered injunction.
Bankruptcy hearings.
A hearing in Newark, New Jersey in December 2007 discussed that the company would be executing what is known as an “assignment for the benefit of creditors.” This is usually a state-court equivalent to a bankruptcy case in which a company's assets are gathered by a third-party, liquidated, then distributed to the company's creditors in proportion to the company's debt to each of the creditors.

</doc>
<doc id="9660415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660415" title="Kharia Thar language">
Kharia Thar language

Kharia Thar is an Indic language spoken by the Hill Kharia culture of India.

</doc>
<doc id="9660429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660429" title="Butch Songin">
Butch Songin

Edward F. "Butch" Songin (born May 11, 1924) is a former quarterback for the Boston College Eagles, the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Rugby Union, and for the American Football League's Boston Patriots and New York Titans. He also was an All-American defenseman for the BC Eagles ice hockey team.
Boston College.
From 1947 to 1949, Songin was the starting quarterback for the Boston College Eagles. He completed 192 of 385 passes for 2,534 yards, 30 touchdowns, and 24 interceptions.
Hockey.
Songin was a Hockey All-American for Boston College in 1948. He was a member of the 1948-1949 national championship team. He was captain of the 1949-50 squad and also won All-American. He was a founding member of the Pike's Peak Hockey Club. Today it is Boston College's oldest hockey booster organizations. Songin also played 1 game for the Worcester Warriors of the Eastern Hockey League during the 1954-55 season. His nephew Tom Songin played right wing for the Boston Bruins
American Football League.
In 1950 Songin played three games for the Erie Vets of the AFL before being sidelined by an injury, damaging the team's chances of a championship.
Canadian Football.
From 1953-1954, Songin played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Rugby Union, predecessor of the Canadian Football League. He won the Grey Cup in his rookie year.
American Football League.
In 1960 Songin signed with the Boston Patriots of the newly created American Football League. On September 9, 1960, Songin played in the first ever AFL game, against the Denver Broncos. In his first season with Boston he completed 187 of 392 passes for 2,476 yards, 22 touchdowns, and 15 interceptions. In 1961 he split starting duties with Babe Parilli. He completed 98 of 212 passes for 1,429 yards, 14 touchdowns, and 9 interceptions. In 1962 he was the opening day quarterback for the New York Titans, but was replaced by Lee Grosscup. He played in 7 games, completing 42 of 90 passes for 442 yards, 2 touchdowns, and 7 interceptions.

</doc>
<doc id="9660431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660431" title="The Bank Holidays">
The Bank Holidays

The Bank Holidays are an indie pop band from Perth, Western Australia.
Biography.
The Bank Holidays were conceived by James (Jim) Crombie and Wibekke (Bekk) Reczek whilst holidaying in Norway (on Bekk's grandparents' farm), who several weeks later in London enlisted old school friend Nat Carson to form the band. On their return to Perth they subsequently recruited drummer Stafford Chater (later replaced by Stuart Leach).
The band played their first gig at The Swan Basement in Fremantle under the name 'Tunnelball', a suggestion from Darren Hanlon. but changed it to The Bank Holidays before their next gig at Perth's Hyde Park Hotel.
In September 2004 the band released their debut recording, the EP "Good Looks To Camera"
In February 2005 the band teamed up with The Panics and undertook a national tour of Australia, with the band releasing their second EP, "Day For Night" later that year.
The Bank Holidays have also played with fellow Australian bands The Lucksmiths, Little Birdy, Youth Group, The Panda Band and Augie March, and supported international acts such as Belle and Sebastian and Peter, Bjorn and John.
At the 2007 WAMi Awards The Bank Holidays walked away with their first WAMington for 'Best Indie Pop Act'.
The Bank Holidays completed recording of their debut album at the rural Victorian home studio of their producer, J Walker of Machine Translations. The album, entitled "As A Film", was released on 13 October 2007.
On 17 July 2010, The Bank Holidays released their second album, entitled "Sail Becomes a Kite".
Discography.
Good Looks To Camera.
Good Looks To Camera' is The Bank Holidays' debut release. It was an EP released by Lost & Lonesome Records in September 2004.
Day For Night.
Day For Night is The Bank Holidays' second EP and was released by Lost & Lonesome Records in September 2005. It was produced by Steve Bond and recorded at Cazfair House.
Bird.
"Bird" is a split 7" single (w/ Institut Polaire) released by Love Is My Velocity Records in May 2006.
As A Film.
As A Film is The Bank Holidays debut studio album released by Lost & Lonesome Records in October 2007.
Sail Becomes a Kite.
Sail Becomes a Kite is The Bank Holidays second studio album, released by Lost & Lonesome Records in July 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9660442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660442" title="Amlan Das Gupta">
Amlan Das Gupta

Amlan Das Gupta is Professor of English, Jadavpur University, Kolkata. He is a noted scholar of Classical and Biblical Studies, English Renaissance literature and an authority on Miltonic studies in India having numerous publications to his credit. 
He earned his B.A.(Hons.) from Presidency College of the University of Calcutta and went on to pursue the M.A. at Jadavpur University. He received an M. Phil. from Oxford University and did his Ph.D. from Jadavpur University. After teaching at Scottish Church College and the University of Calcutta, he joined the faculty of Jadavpur University.
As per the Jadavpur University curriculum, he offers optional courses ranging from Classical and Arthurian Studies to Pre-Modern and Modern Literature.
He learnt Latin and Greek from Raymond Pilette, Jesuit father of St Xavier's College, Calcutta. He gives lessons in these languages to interested students outside the university curriculum.
He is also building an archive of North Indian classical music at the School of Cultural Texts and Records at Jadavpur University. He has also offered a course on the history of North Indian Classical Music.
List of publications:
Books.
"Jishu" (Kolkata: Papyrus, 1997);
"My Life: Khansaheb Alladiya Khan" (translated with critical introduction, with Urmila Bhirdikar) (Kolkata: Thema, 2000).; 
"Mosquito and Other Stories: Ghana-da's Tall Tales" (a translation of the Ghonada stories of Premendra Mitra) (New Delhi: Penguin, 2004); 
editions of Shakespeare's "Measure for Measure" (New Delhi: Macmillan, 2004) 
and Aristotle's "Poetics" (New Delhi: Longman, 2006). 
He is the editor of "Renaissance Texts and Contexts" (New Delhi: Macmillan, 2003) 
and "Music and Modernity: North Indian Classical Music in an Age of Mechanical Reproduction" (Kolkata: Thema, 2007).
Articles.
Musical Contests: Reflections on Musical Values in Popular Film
In Heidegger's Hut
Augustine on Memory: A Note on "Confessions" 10.8-37
North Indian Classical Music in the 'Long' 1940s
Tragedy and the irrelevant: A Note on "Hamlet"
Tragedy and the Good Life 
The Miltonic Dissimile: Language and Style in "Paradise Lost", Book 4

</doc>
<doc id="9660456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660456" title="Nenad Džodić">
Nenad Džodić

Nenad Džodić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Џодић; born 4 January 1977) is a retired Serbian footballer who played as a defender.
Džodić was capped five times for the Yugoslav national team.

</doc>
<doc id="9660487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660487" title="Belarusian presidential election, 2001">
Belarusian presidential election, 2001

Presidential elections were held in Belarus on 9 September 2001. The result was a victory for Alexander Lukashenko, who received 77.4% of the vote. Voter turnout was 83.9%.

</doc>
<doc id="9660491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660491" title="Joseph Healy">
Joseph Healy

Joseph Healy (August 21, 1776 – October 10, 1861) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire. He was born in Newton, Massachusetts. He completed preparatory studies and then worked as a hotel keeper. He also engaged in agricultural pursuits.
Healy was a member of the New Hampshire Senate in 1824. He was elected as an Adams candidate to the Nineteenth and Twentieth Congresses (March 4, 1825 – March 3, 1829). After leaving Congress, he was a member of the New Hampshire Executive Council 1829-1832. He resumed agricultural pursuits and the hotel business. He died in Washington, New Hampshire in 1861 and was buried in the Old Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9660501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660501" title="Factory (trading post)">
Factory (trading post)

A factory (from Latin "facere", meaning "to do"; Portuguese feitoria, Dutch factorij, French factorerie, German Faktorei) was an establishment for factors or merchants carrying on business in foreign lands. Initially established in parts of Medieval Europe, factories eventually spread to other parts of the world in the wake of European trading ventures and, in many cases, were precursor to colonial expansion. Factories could serve simultaneously as market, warehouse, customs, defense and support to navigation or exploration, headquarters or "de facto" government of local communities. The head of the factory was the chief factor.
In North America, this trading formula was adopted by colonists and later Americans to exchange goods with local non western societies, especially in Native American Indian territory. In that context, these establishments were often called trading posts.
European medieval factories.
Although European colonialism traces its roots from the Classical Era - Phoenicians, Greeks, and Romans established colonies around the Mediterranean- and almost every major city of the world once started as a trading post (Venice, Naples, Rotterdam, New York, Shanghai, Lisbon, etc.), "factories" were a unique institution born in medieval Europe.
Originally, factories were organizations of European merchants from a state, meeting in a foreign place. These organizations sought to defend their common interests, mainly economic (as well as organized insurance and protection), enabling the maintenance of diplomatic and trade relations within the foreign state where they were set.
The factories were established from 1356 onwards in the main trading centers, usually ports or central hubs that have prospered under the influence of the Hanseatic League and its guilds and kontors. The Hanseatic cities had their own law system and furnished their own protection and mutual aid. The Hanseatic League maintained factories, among others, in England (Boston, King's Lynn), Norway (Tønsberg) and Finland (Åbo). Later, cities like Bruges and Antwerp actively tried to take over the monopoly of trade from the Hansa, inviting foreign merchants to join in.
Because foreigners were not allowed to buy land in these cities, merchants joined around factories, like the Portuguese in their Bruges factory: the factor(s) and his officers rented the housing and warehouses, arbitrated trade, and even managed insurance funds, working both as an association and an embassy, even administering justice within the merchant community.
Portuguese Feitorias (c. 1445).
During the territorial and economic expansion of the Age of Discovery, the factory was adapted by the Portuguese and spread throughout from West Africa to Southeast Asia. The Portuguese "feitorias" were mostly fortified trading posts settled in coastal areas, built to centralize and thus dominate the local trade of products with the Portuguese kingdom (and thence to Europe). They served simultaneously as market, warehouse, support to the navigation and customs and were governed by a "feitor" ("factor") responsible for managing the trade, buying and trading products on behalf of the king and collecting taxes (usually 20%).
The first Portuguese "feitoria" overseas was established by Henry the Navigator in 1445 on the island of Arguin, off the coast of Mauritania. It was built to attract Muslim traders and monopolize the business in the routes traveled in North Africa. It served as a model for a chain of African "feitorias", Elmina Castle being the most notorious.
Between the 15th and 16th centuries, a chain of about 50 Portuguese forts either housed or protected "feitorias" along the coasts of West and East Africa, the Indian Ocean, China, Japan, and South America. The main Portuguese factories were in Goa, Malacca, Ormuz, Ternate, and Macau. They were mainly driven by the trade of gold and slaves on the coast of Guinea, spices in the Indian Ocean, and sugar cane in the New World. They were also used for local triangular trade between several territories, like Goa-Macau-Nagasaki, trading products such as sugar, pepper, coconut, timber, horses, grain, feathers from exotic Indonesian birds, precious stones, silks and porcelain from the East, among many other products. In the Indian Ocean, the trade in Portuguese factories was enforced and increased by a merchant ship licensing system: the cartazes.
From the "feitorias", the products went to the main outpost in Goa, then to Portugal where they were traded in the Casa da Índia, which also managed exports to India. There they were sold, or re-exported to the Royal Portuguese Factory in Antwerp, where they were distributed to the rest of Europe.
Easily supplied and defended by sea, the factories worked as independent colonial bases. They provided safety, both for the Portuguese, and at times for the territories in which they were built, protecting against constant rivalries and piracy. They allowed Portugal to dominate trade in the Atlantic and Indian oceans, establishing a vast empire with scarce human and territorial resources. Over time, the "feitorias" were sometimes licensed to private entrepreneurs, giving rise to some conflict between abusive private interests and local populations, such as in the Maldives.
Dutch "factorij" and other European factories (1600s).
The establishment of factories by other European powers along the trade routes explored by Portugal and Spain started in the 17th century, first by the Dutch and then by the English. They went on to establish in conquered Portuguese "feitorias" and further enclaves, as they explored the coasts of Africa, Arabia, India and South East Asia, in search of the source of the lucrative spice trade.
Factories were then explored by chartered companies, like the Dutch East India Company (VOC), founded in 1602, and the Dutch West India Company (WIC), founded in 1621. These factories provided for the exchange of products between European companies and local populations and, increasingly, the colonies that often started as a factory and a few warehouses. Usually these factories had larger warehouses to fit the products resulting from the increasing agricultural development of colonies, which had boosted in the New World with the Atlantic slave trade.
In these factories, the products were checked and got their first rough treatment, being weighed and packaged to suit for the long sea voyage. In particular, spices, cocoa, tea, tobacco, coffee, sugar, porcelain and fur were well protected against the salty sea air and against deterioration. The factor was there, as the representative of the trading partners in all matters, reporting to the headquarters and being responsible for the products’ logistics (proper storage and shipping). Given that information took a long time to reach the company headquarters, this was dependent on an absolute trust.
Some of the Dutch factories were in Cape Town (South Africa), Calicut, Ambon, Coromandel Coast, Colombo (city), Formosa, Canton, Mocha (Yemen) and Fort Orange (New York), Dejima, from 1641 to 1859 on an artificial island in the port of Nagasaki, Japan.
North American factories (1697 to 1822).
The American factories often played a strategic role as well, sometimes operating as forts, providing a degree of protection for Indians and allied colonists from enemy Indians and colonists. Later factories established by the United States often served to protect Indians from American citizens.
York Factory was founded by the chartered Hudson's Bay Company in 1697. For a longtime it was headquarters of the company, that was once the "de facto" government in parts of North America, like Rupert's Land, before European-based colonies and nation states existed. It controlled the fur trade throughout much of British-controlled North America for several centuries, undertaking early exploration. Its traders and trappers forged early relationships with many groups of First Nations/Native Americans and a network of trading posts formed the nucleus for later official authority in many areas of Western Canada and the United States.
The early coastal factory model contrasted with the system of the French, who established an extensive system of inland posts and sent traders to live among the tribes of the region. After war broke out in Europe between France and England in the 1680s, the two nations regularly sent expeditions to raid and capture each other's fur trading posts. In March 1686, the French sent a raiding party under Chevalier des Troyes over to capture the company's posts along James Bay. In 1697, Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville, commander of the company's captured posts defeated three ships of the Royal Navy in the Battle of the Bay on his way to capture York Factory by a ruse. York Factory changed hands several times in the next decade and was finally ceded permanently in the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht. After the treaty, the Hudson Bay Company rebuilt York Factory as a brick star fort at the mouth of the nearby Hayes River, its present location.
The United States government sanctioned a factory system from 1796 to 1822, with factories scattered through the mostly territorial portion of the country.
The factories were officially intended through a series of legislation called the Indian Intercourse Acts to protect Native Americans from exploitation. However, in practice, numerous tribes conceded extensive territory in exchange for the trading posts, as happened in the Treaty of Fort Clark in which the Osage Nation ceded most of Missouri at Fort Clark.
Usually a blacksmith was assigned to the factory to repair utensils and build or maintain plows. Frequently the factories had some sort of milling operation associated with them.
The factories marked the United States' attempt to continue a process originally pioneered by the French and then by the Spanish to officially license the fur trade in Upper Louisiana.
Factories were frequently referred to as "forts" and often had numerous unofficial names. Legislation was often passed calling for military garrisons at the fort but their de facto purpose was a trading post.
Examples.
York Factory was founded by the Hudson's Bay Company in 1697.
In the United States factories under the Superintendent of Indian Trade:[http://freepages.genealogy.rootsweb.com/~texlance/records/bia(dc)2.htm]
Natchitoches—Sulphur Fork

</doc>
<doc id="9660519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660519" title="Larson Air Force Base">
Larson Air Force Base

Larson Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base located five miles (8 km) northwest of the central business district (CBD) of Moses Lake, in Grant County, Washington. After its closure in 1966, the airport facility became Grant County International Airport.
History.
Larson Air Force Base was named in honor of Major Donald A. Larson, USAAF, in May 1950.
Born and raised in Yakima, Washington, Larson was a fighter pilot and ace who flew 57 combat missions in Europe during World War II. He was killed in action while assigned to the VIII Fighter Command 505th Fighter Squadron. Larson's P-51D Mustang (AAF Ser. No. 44-13881, nose-name "Mary, Queen of Scotts") was shot down and crashed on 4 August 1944 near Uelzen, Germany. He was buried in the Ardennes American Cemetery at Neuville-en-Condroz, nine miles (14 km) west of Liège, Belgium.
Larson's medals and decorations include the Silver Star, Distinguished Flying Cross with Oak Leaf Cluster, Air Medal with three clusters, Purple Heart, American Defense Medal, European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with two bronze stars, American Area Campaign Medal and the World War II Victory Medal (posthumously).
An identical twin born in 1915, Larson enlisted as a flying cadet at McChord Field near Tacoma in April 1941, and completed advanced flight training in California and went overseas in January 1944.
World War II.
Originally named Moses Lake Army Air Base, the airfield was activated on 24 November 1942 as a temporary World War II training center. Moses Lake AAB was a sub-base of Spokane Air Technical Service Command, headquartered at Spokane Army Airfield.
The first operational training unit (OTU) at the base was the 482d Fighter Squadron, which conducted twin-engine fighter training for P-38 Lightning fighters. On 5 April 1943, the 396th Bombardment Group became a second OTU at the base, providing first phase heavy bomber training for the B-17 Flying Fortress with its 592d, 593d, 594th and 595th Bombardment Squadrons.
In 1945, base activity was curtailed to standby and for three years, was used to test two famous bomber aircraft: the B-47 and the B-50. Even though Moses Lake AAB (later Moses Lake AFB) was on standby, it was still playing a critical role in the development of the USAF aircraft. In 1949, a B-47 took off from Larson, headed east and began a coast-to-coast speed race.
Air Defense Command.
Moses Lake AFB reopened as a permanent installation on 26 August 1948, being transferred from Air Material Command to the Air Defense Command (ADC). The initial ADC base operating unit was the 2755th Air Base Squadron. Under ADC, the base came under the Western Air Defense Force, headquartered at Hamilton AFB, California.
Interceptors.
The primary mission of Larson-based ADC aircraft was to protect the secret Hanford Atomic Works and the Grand Coulee Dam.
The ADC first flying organization was the 325th Fighter-Interceptor Group, arriving at the base on 26 November 1948. The mission of the 325th FIG was to conduct ADC's All Weather Combat Crew Training School. Its operational component, the 317th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, initially flew P-61 Black Widows, almost immediately transitioning to the F-82 Twin Mustang. A second squadron, the 319th Fighter Interceptor Squadron arrived on 2 September 1949, being reassigned from McChord AFB. The 319th also flew the F-82 Twin Mustang. The 325th FIG remained at Moses Lake until being reassigned to McChord AFB on 23 April 1950. Its component squadrons at Moses Lake, the 317th also moved to McChord on 23 April. The 319th remained until 9 February 1952 when it was reassigned to Suwon AB, South Korea flying F-94 Starfires.
The next ADC unit was the 81st Fighter-Interceptor Wing which arrived on From 10 November 1949. The 81st FIW flew F-51D/H Mustangs, F-80C Shooting Stars and F-86A Sabres from the base. The 81st remained until 5 September 1951 when it was reassigned to NATO and deployed to RAF Shepherds Grove, England. During the Korean War, the 116th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron (Washington Air National Guard) was called to active duty and activated at Moses Lake. The 116th FIS was deployed as part of 81st TFW to RAF Shepherds Grove.
Radar defense.
In September 1948 the Air Force authorized the Air Defense Command to put thirteen temporary radar stations in operation. These stations were in operation by mid-1949. Additional stations were added across the nation in 1949 and 1950. This temporary system was given the name "Lashup" to distinguish it from the interim system for which the Air Force was seeking appropriations. A total of forty-four stations were established under this program. These sites were designated “L.” Moses Lake AFB was selected as L-29 in July 1950, equipped with AN/CPS-5, AN/CPS-1, and AN/CPS-4 radars, operated by the 637th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron until their transfer to Saddle Mountain AFS, Washington (LP-40) in January 1952.
SAGE Direction Center.
In 1957, Air Defense Command selected Larson AFB as the location of a Semi Automatic Ground Environment (SAGE) Data Center (DC-15). The SAGE system was a network linking Air Force (and later FAA) General Surveillance Radar stations into a centralized center for Air Defense, intended to provide early warning and response for a Soviet nuclear attack. This automated control system was used by NORAD for tracking and intercepting enemy bomber aircraft. In the later versions the system could automatically direct aircraft to an interception by sending instructions directly to the aircraft's autopilot.
Activated on 8 September 1958, DC-15 was commanded by the Spokane Air Defense Sector under the 25th Air Division. The Sector was disestablished on 1 September 1963 due the high costs of operation, the sector merged with the DC-12 Direction Center at McChord AFB under he Seattle Air Defense Sector. After its closure, the SAGE building remained in use by the Air Force for other offices, and after the closure of Larson AFB in 1966, it remained in government hands. In 2000, the building was sold and the company that now either owns or leases the building is "Titan," a company who provides secure off-sire storage of business records.
Tactical Air Command.
On 21 April 1952, Larson AFB was assigned to the Tactical Air Command (TAC) under TAC's Eighteenth Air Force, which reassigned the 62nd Troop Carrier Wing from McChord AFB, Washington to the base. The Air Defense Command units then became tenants on the base. The 4721st Air Defense Group was activated at Larson in 1956 to centralize supervision and support of 322d FIS and 538th FIS. It was later inactivated as part of ADC closedown at Larson prior to it being assigned to Strategic Air Command (SAC).
For the next eight years, the 62nd was very active, routinely performing troop carrier, air transport, and humanitarian missions on a global scale flying C-124 Globemaster II aircraft. It participated in the airlift of French troops from France to Indochina in Operation Bali-Hai, April–May 1954. Provided a major portion of the airlift needed to construct the distant early warning (DEW) line in northern Alaska and Canada, 1955–1956, and thereafter periodically resupplied the DEW line stations. During the international geophysical year 1957–1958, and subsequently through 1960, supported scientific stations in the Arctic Ocean by landing and airdropping supplies on the drifting ice.
From 1955–59, the Air Materiel Command Flight Test Center at Larson tested the B-52 bomber. Boeing built a huge hangar, long, wide, with clear spans of and able to hold eight B-52s under one roof.
On 26 January 1955, the Strategic Air Command (SAC) 71st Strategic Reconnaissance Wing was activated to perform strategic reconnaissance with B-36 and RB-36 Peacekeeper bomber. The wing was also assigned to test a technique for launching small RBF-84 Thunderjet aircraft from specially configured GRB-36 Peacekeeper bombers, to extend the range of photographic reconnaissance and fighter escort. Tests ended in 1956, but the wing continued bombardment training and strategic reconnaissance until inactivated in 1957.
Military Air Transport Service.
Larson AFB became a Military Air Transport Service (MATS) Continental Division base on 1 July 1957. The 62d TCW was reassigned as part of the transfer of C-124 wings from TAC to MATS.
Strategic Air Command.
Strategic Air Command assumed command of Larson AFB in 1960 and established the Fifteenth Air Force's 4170th Strategic Wing (4170th SW). The MATS 62d TCW was reassigned back to McChord AFB on 13 June 1960 where it continues to operate today as the 62d Airlift Wing with C-17 Globemaster III aircraft.
The mission of SAC at Larson AFB was to be a B-52 Stratofortress strategic bombardment wing base. Colonel Clyde W. Owen, USAF, was assigned by SAC as the first commander of the 4170 SW. Crews and aircraft of the 327th Bombardment Squadron arrived from Fairchild AFB, Washington on 13 July 1960 and the first B-52D to arrive was christened "Larson's Lucky Lady". 
The 43d Air Refueling Squadron and its KC-135 Stratotankers moved from Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona to Larson AFB on 15 November 1960, thus completing one of the most advanced air weapon systems in SAC. The mission of the 43rd ARS was to insure the global strike capability of SAC bombers by providing high speed aerial refueling support with modern jet tanker aircraft.
The 568th Strategic Missile Squadron was later activated in 1961 as part of the 4170th SW with three missile complexes, each housing three HGM-25A Titan I missiles. The complexes were located at Royal City, Warden, and Odessa. 
On 1 February 1963, the 4170th Strategic Wing was re-designated the 462d Strategic Aerospace Wing in honor of the 462d Bombardment Group of World War II. The 327th Bomb Squadron was redesignated the 768th Bomb Squadron after one of the 462d units. The redesignated wing continued conducting strategic bombardment, air refueling and associated SAC Nuclear Alert Force operations.
In November 1964, it was announced that Larson AFB would be closed due to DoD budget reductions which mandated a reduction in B-52 bases and the inactivation of the Titan I ICBM. The ICBM sites were deactivated officially on 25 March 1965.
The 462d Strategic Aerospace Wing was inactivated in April 1966 and the base was closed on 30 June 1966.
Civil use.
With the closure of the base, Colonel Owen retired from the Air Force and became the first director of the Port of Moses Lake, overseeing the transfer of the property from the U.S. Government to Grant County International Airport.
Following the Air Force's departure in 1966, the airfield has continued to support operations from McChord's 62d Airlift Wing over the years, as the wing's C-141, C-130, and currently C-17 aircraft have practiced approaches and both normal landings and tactical assault landings on a regular basis. 
The 92nd Air Refueling Wing at Fairchild AFB in Spokane temporarily moved its KC-135 R/T fleet and operations to Moses Lake in 2011 while Fairchild's runway underwent reconstruction and other infrastructure improvements, to include an upgrade to the base's aviation fuel distribution system.
For over four decades, Japan Air Lines trained its 747 crews at the facility, until 2009.
Air Defense Command units.
Known ADC units and squadrons assigned to Larson were:
Intercontinental ballistic missile facilities.
The 568th Strategic Missile Squadron Operated three three HGM-25A Titan I ICBM sites: (1 Apr 1961 – 25 Mar 1965) 
The Titan I ICBM program at Larson was initiated in 1959 when the Walla Walla District of the Army Corps of Engineers set up an area office in October. The contractor broke ground on 1 December 1959 and the sites were turned over to SAC in early April 1961. In May 1964 Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara directed that the phase-out of the Atlas and Titan I missiles be accelerated, and in January 1965 the missiles of the 568th were taken off operational alert. The squadron was inactivated 2 months later.
Today, site "A" appears to be largely intact, the owner has the facility for sale. Photos of the interior show it to be in good condition. Site "B" appears to be largely cleared, the silo launch doors of two pads appear to be open, and is also apparently also for sale. Site "C" appears to be a scrap site, filled with clutter; its underground facilities apparently are flooded by groundwater.

</doc>
<doc id="9660520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660520" title="Best Way Technologies">
Best Way Technologies

Best Way Technologies, LLC is a developer and provisioner of multi-carrier shipping software.
History.
Best Way Technologies, Inc. was founded in 2001 by Boris Zagalsky. It was originally known as Bozag Technologies, Inc.
Products.
Best Way Technologies, LLC. develops, maintains and sell the ProShip Suite. The ProShip Suite consists of the ProShip Server, ProShip Warehouse and ProShip Office.
Locations.
Best Way Technologies, Inc. is headquartered in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin with resellers and OEMs across the United States, Canada and Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9660551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660551" title="Mot Dag">
Mot Dag

Mot Dag was a Norwegian periodical and a communist organization with the same name.
It was established in 1921 under the initiative of Erling Falk, partly with origins in the debate forum in the Social Democratic student government in Oslo (later the Student Communist Organization); partly from a Falk-led study circle which from 1919 involved Viggo Hansteen, Axel Sømme, John Hazeland, and Arnold Hazeland. The first editor was Sigurd Hoel.
Mot Dag was a collective member of the Norwegian Labour Party from March 1922 until August 1924, but was excluded after a series of disagreements. In 1927-29 Mot Dag was a part of the Norwegian Communist Party (NKP). Viggo Hansteen was one of very few members who were in NKP when Mot Dag broke out.
The organization had at most approximately 200 members, and, when it was dissolved in 1936, had about 100.
In the middle of the 1930s, Mot Dag made an unsuccessful attempt to establish a new labor party. After the charismatic leader Erling Falk fell sick, the leader of the Storting's finance committee, Trond Hegna, took over the actual leadership. Mot Dag was dissolved in 1936, and most of the members followed the internal orders to register in the Labor Party.
The people associated were known as "motdagists". Many well-known authors, intellectuals, and future leading politicians and officials were among them. Of mention are filmmaker Olav Dalgard; the authors Helge Krog, Odd Eidem, Sigurd Hoel, Arnulf Øverland, Nic Waal and Inger Hagerup -- the latter two of the few women who were connected to Mot Dag; future director of Norway's military intelligence Vilhelm Evang, future director-general of health Karl Evang (chairman 1931-) and economist (future professor) Johan Vogt, who, together with Falk, were behind the first translation of "Das Kapital" to Norwegian.
In 1930 the publishing house Fram forlag was established, in part to publish "Arbeidernes Leksikon" (the Workers' Encyclopedia, 1933).
After World War II, many of the members were leaders in Norwegian politics and culture. Norway's first three post-war Prime Ministers Einar Gerhardsen, Oscar Torp, and John Lyng were all at one point in time part of Mot Dag. In addition were Gro Harlem Brundtland's father, Secretary of Defense Gudmund Harlem; the Labor Party's longstanding secretary Haakon Lie, Oslo's longstanding mayor Brynjulf Bull, and future West German chancellor Willy Brandt.

</doc>
<doc id="9660560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660560" title="Deutsche Messe">
Deutsche Messe

Deutsche Messe, or The German Mass, ("Deutsche Messe und Ordnung des Gottesdiensts") was published by Martin Luther in 1526. It followed his Latin mass, "Formula missae" (1523). Both of these masses were meant only as a suggestion made on request and were not expected to be used exactly as they were, but could be altered. The function of the mass, according to Luther, is to make people hear the word.
The German Mass was completely chanted, except for the sermon. 
It should not be confused with Franz Schubert's "Deutsche Messe", a low mass widely known in Richard Proulx's English adaptation as the "German Mass".

</doc>
<doc id="9660581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660581" title="Jack Kilfoyle">
Jack Kilfoyle

John Augustus Charles Kilfoyle (9 December 1893 – 26 May 1962), known as Jack Kilfoyle, was a pastoralist born in Palmerston, Northern Territory, a suburb of Darwin. He is primarily known as a successful owner and manager of land across Australia, most notably his father's Rosewood station.
Early life.
Jack was the only child of Thomas Kilfoyle, a farmer from Ireland, and his native-born wife Catherine. In 1882 and 1883, Tom had led an overlanding party with his relatives, the Duracks and the Byrnes, and established Rosewood station, which extended from the eastern Kimberley region of Western Australia into the present Northern Territory. Jack was educated in the early 1900s at Christian Brothers' College in Perth. Although he had lost the sight in one eye as the result of an insect bite that became infected, he proved an excellent athlete. On his father's death in 1908, he inherited a share in Rosewood. Jack worked on the property from 1915 and took over its management in March 1922.
Land owner.
During the next 25 years, Kilfoyle built a reputation as a successful owner-manager on a medium-sized property of on what was known as a "big man's frontier," increasingly dominated by companies and absentee proprietors. Having improved his beef Shorthorns with a strain of "milk" bulls acquired from Nestlè & Anglo Swiss Condensed Milk Co. (Australasia) Ltd., he put his profits into improving the property by fencing, paddocking and providing watering-places. A federal board of inquiry into land policy in 1937 praised Kilfoyle's thorough management and close supervision of Rosewood.
Legal troubles.
In 1932, Kilfoyle was charged with the theft of some part-Devon bulls from the Wyndham Freezing, Canning & Meat Works. He was sentenced to two years imprisonment in a Wyndham jail. At a retrial, the sentence was commuted to a fine. In 1938, he was sued for breach of promise by May Dorothy Hayes, daughter of his father's former partner. She sought damages of more than $15,000 and received about $1,300. Kilfoyle's only comment was reportedly, "Oh dear...these women are expensive."
Rich married man.
On 23 February 1939, Kilfoyle married Thelma Ada Hope Ryan at St. Mary's Catholic Cathedral in Perth. His fortunes prospered during World War II and in 1947 he sold Rosewood, fully stocked, for well over $100,000. He established a trust of some $15,000 for the Aborigines on his property, then moved with his wife to Sydney and then Melbourne. His collection of Australian stamps was to be valued at $60,000 in 1961. The Kilfoyles moved to Berkeley Square, London, in1952 but returned to Perth in 1961. Kilfoyle died of emphysema and bronchitis on 26 May 1962 in Perth and was buried in a cemetery in Karrakatta, Western Australia. 

</doc>
<doc id="9660613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660613" title="1906 International Lawn Tennis Challenge">
1906 International Lawn Tennis Challenge

The 1906 International Lawn Tennis Challenge was the sixth edition of what is now known as the Davis Cup. As defending champions, the British Isles team played host to the competition. For the first time, the ties were not all played at the same location. The "World Group" ties were played at the Newport Athletic Club in Newport, Monmouthshire, United Kingdom from 7–9 June, and the final was played at Worple Road in Wimbledon, London, United Kingdom on 15–18 June. Britain retained the Cup for their fourth championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9660616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660616" title="List of Western Australian courts and tribunals">
List of Western Australian courts and tribunals

The following is a list of courts and tribunals in Western Australia:

</doc>
<doc id="9660620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660620" title="Bhilangna River">
Bhilangna River

Bhilangna River is a Himalayan river in Uttarakhand, India, which is the major tributary of the Bhagirathi river, the source stream of the Ganges River of India. 
The mainstem, "Bhilangna", rises at the foot of the Khatling Glacier (elevation ) approximately south of the ice cave at Gaumukh, traditionally considered the source of both the Bhagirathi and the Ganges and flows into the Bhagirathi at Old Tehri, the site of the Tehri dam. It meets its major tributary the "Bal Ganga" at Ghyansali (elevation ). 
The "Bal Ganga", whose headwaters are formed at the foot of Mount Kukhli Dhar (elevation ), itself has a minor tributary, the "Dharam Ganga", which meets it at Thati Kathur (also Budha Kedar) at elevation 
The Khatling trek route passes alongside the Bhilangna, starting from the last point accessible by road, Ghuttu, until the glacier, which stands at 3700 metres. If one were to go further on the trail past the glacier, one could reach Kedarnath.

</doc>
<doc id="9660623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660623" title="Fons Rademakers">
Fons Rademakers

Fons Rademakers (5 September 1920 – 22 February 2007) was a Dutch filmmaker and actor.
His 1960 film "Makkers Staakt uw Wild Geraas" was entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Silver Bear Award.
During a career spanning several decades he directed 11 films, including "The Assault", which won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1986, and "The Village on the River", nominated for the same award in 1959. Making him both the first Dutch director to be nominated and win this award.
He died in 2007 in a Geneva hospital of emphysema, after the life-support machines were switched off at his request.

</doc>
<doc id="9660632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660632" title="Continental Stress Class">
Continental Stress Class

Continental Stress Class is a method of describing the landscape health of biogeographic regions in Australia. There are six Continental Stress Classes with Class 1 containing the most stressed regions and Class 6 the least stressed and therefore most healthy. The classification takes into account indicators of landscape health such as the extent, condition, connectivity, and rate of clearing of native vegetation; changes to soil and hydrological conditions; the presence of feral plants and animals; the presence of threatened species and ecological communities; and threats such as dryland salinity; and fire regime.
Continental Stress Classes were first introduced by Gethin Morgan in 2001, in the report "Landscape Health In Australia: A rapid assessment of the relative condition of Australia's bioregions and subregions". Morgan gave a class to each of the Interim Biogeographic Regionalisation for Australia (IBRA) subregions, as follows:
The classification is now used by a range of federal and state government agencies in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="9660652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660652" title="Louis Nizer">
Louis Nizer

Louis Nizer (February 6, 1902 - November 10, 1994) was a noted American trial lawyer and senior partner of the law firm Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim & Ballon.
Early life.
Nizer was born in London, before coming to the United States as a child. His father was the owner of a Brooklyn dry-cleaning business. As a youth, he won a Government citation for his patriotic speeches during Liberty Loan drives in World War I. Fresh out of Columbia College,
He was a graduate of Columbia College and Columbia Law School. He twice won the Curtis Oratorical Prize at Columbia Law School before he graduated in 1924.
Legal career.
He co-founded a legal partnership with Louis Philips in 1924, which later grew into the legal firm of Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim & Ballon. For a number of years, Nizer was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the "highest-paid lawyer in the world". He represented many celebrities in a variety of cases, including Johnny Carson, Salvador Dalí, Mae West, and Julius Erving.
His most famous cases, however, involved representing Quentin Reynolds in his successful libel suit against columnist Westbrook Pegler, and representing the broadcaster John Henry Faulk against AWARE, a right-wing organization that had falsely labeled him a communist. His representation of Reynolds served as the basis for the Broadway play "A Case of Libel", while his legal victory in the Faulk case was credited with "breaking the back of blacklisting in broadcasting."
Other work.
In addition to his legal work, Louis Nizer was an author, artist, lecturer, and advisor to some of the most powerful people in the worlds of politics, business, and entertainment. He wrote several books, among them the best-selling "My Life In Court" in 1962, about many of his famous cases, which spent many weeks on the New York Times bestseller list. He also wrote "The Implosion Conspiracy" in 1972, a study of the Julius and Ethel Rosenberg espionage case.
With Jack Valenti, Nizer helped create the motion picture ratings system of the Motion Picture Association of America, which he served as general counsel.
After the assassination of John F. Kennedy, he authored the foreword to the Warren Commission report that investigated JFK's murder and the conspiracy theories that still surround it.
Film, television, and stage portrayals.
Nizer was portrayed by George C. Scott in the 1975 CBS made-for-television film, "Fear on Trial", co-starring William Devane as the blacklisted radio personality John Henry Faulk.
Both on stage and on television, Van Heflin portrayed Robert Sloane, a fictionalized version of Nizer, in the play "A Case of Libel", which dramatized the Quentin Reynolds - Westbrook Pegler trial. The playwright was Henry Denker. The play was first televised on commercial television, but a new production shown on cable television in the 1980s, and later PBS, starred Edward Asner as Sloane and Daniel J. Travanti as Boyd Bendix, who was based on conservative columnist Westbrook Pegler.
Personal life.
Nizer was married to his wife Mildred for over 50 years until her death in 1993. Over his life, Nizer bestowed significant grants and charity to many Jewish causes. He died at the age 92 in New York City in 1994, having continued to work at his firm until 10 days before his death. He was survived by two stepchildren and several step-grandchildren and step-great-grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="9660659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660659" title="Trocadero (name origin)">
Trocadero (name origin)

Trocadero is the name of several restaurants and clubs throughout the world. The name dates to the Battle of Trocadero in southern Spain, in which a citadel held by liberal Spanish forces that was taken by the French troops sent by Charles X, in 1823, was commemorated in the Place du Trocadéro, Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="9660668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660668" title="Semantic Saturation">
Semantic Saturation

Semantic Saturation is a three member American progressive rock-metal band, composed of Shant Hagopian, Virgil Donati and Ric Fierabracci, with guests; Derek Sherinian and Andy Kuntz. The band recorded its debut album "Solipsistic" in 2012 and released it in early 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9660701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660701" title="Slam Dance">
Slam Dance

Slam Dance may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9660728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660728" title="James Chalmers (missionary)">
James Chalmers (missionary)

James Chalmers (4 August 1841 – 8 April 1901) was a Scottish-born missionary, active in New Guinea.
Early life.
James Chalmers was born in a small town called Ardrishaig, Argyleshire, Scotland, the only son of an Aberdonian stonemason. The family moved to Inverary when James was seven. There he went to the local school, and then to grammar school for about a year when he was 13. Then he was employed in a lawyer's office at Inverary, and before he was 20 decided to become a missionary. In 1861, he joined the Glasgow City Mission as an evangelist. Here he met the Samoan missionary, George Turner, who suggested he apply as a missionary candidate. Eight months later, the London Missionary Society sent him to Cheshunt College near London to carry on his studies. He was a good student, though not a brilliant one, and was already showing capacities for leadership. He was also always ready for practical jokes. On 17 October 1865 he was married to Jane Hercus and two days later was ordained to the Christian ministry. It had been decided that he should go to the South Pacific island of Rarotonga in the Cook Islands, although he had hoped to work in Africa.
Rarotonga.
On 4 January 1866 Chalmers sailed in the missionary ship "John Williams" to Australia, where he arrived in May. After a stay of three months, he left for the New Hebrides (now Vanuatu). The ship ran onto an uncharted rock and had to go back to Sydney to be repaired. It sailed again and was wrecked in January, though all on board were saved. He arrived at Rarotonga on 20 May 1867.
Chalmers was initially disappointed to find the island partially Christianized, but soon found there was much work to be done. There was much work to be done in fighting drunkenness and in directing the natives' energies into wiser practices. He learned the language, did much teaching, and became personally popular. His Raratongan name was Tamate. Chalmers also produced a monthly newspaper. He gained much experience which was to be used in his later work, but he felt a strong urge to devote his life to less-tutored men.
New Guinea.
In 1877, Chalmers had his desire for pioneering work fulfilled and was sent to New Guinea, then an almost-unknown land. He and his wife arrived at Port Moresby on 22 October 1877. During the next nine years he explored much of southern New Guinea in dangerous conditions, and was everywhere the peacemaker. In 1885, "Work and Adventure in New Guinea 1877 to 1885", which he wrote in collaboration with W. Wyatt Gill, was published in London. Next appeared "Adventures in New Guinea" (1886) and "Pioneering in New Guinea" (1887) solely by Chalmers. A year's leave in Great Britain (1886-7) generated much interest in his work.
After Chalmers' return to New Guinea, he did a great deal of exploring and gained a detailed knowledge of much of the country and its inhabitants. When British New Guinea was made a colony in 1888, Chalmers and his fellow missionary, the Rev. William G. Lawes, explained to the chiefs the meaning of the functions that were held. It had been decided that the colony should be governed in the best interests of the natives. It was no doubt largely the influence of the missionaries that made it illegal both to deport natives and to introduce intoxicants, fire-arms, and explosives. In 1893, Chalmers explored part of the Fly River in a steam launch, but found the natives extremely hostile. He had another furlough in 1894-5 and did much speaking in Great Britain. He also published "Pioneer Life and Work in New Guinea 1877-1894" (1895), which contained a considerable amount of material from earlier books. Back at his work in 1896, Chalmers was anxious to further explore the Fly River and established himself for some time at Saguane off the Fly River delta. His last station was Daru. In April 1900 he was joined by a young missionary, the Rev. Oliver F. Tomkins (4th son of Reverend Tomkins, United Reform Church, Princes St Norwich - a plaque is situated in the church to Oliver's memory). A year later, he was on a vessel with Tomkins near Goaribari Island, and was visited by natives who appeared to be in a dangerous mood. Chalmers resolved to go ashore and Tomkins insisted on going with him. Both men were murdered and eaten by the natives on 8 April 1901. There is a stained glass window to their memory in the college chapel at Vatorato.
Chalmers' first wife died on 20 February 1879. In 1888 he married Sarah Elizabeth Harrison, a widow who had been a childhood friend of his first wife. She died in 1900. There were no children by either marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="9660730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660730" title="Phillip Jeanmarie">
Phillip Jeanmarie

Phillip Kitsing Jeanmarie (born October 6, 1978 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor best known for portraying Max Cooper, the Blue Shark Ranger in "Power Rangers Wild Force" and as intersexed villain Vincent Clarkson, son of Julian Crane and Eve Russell, on the daytime soap opera "Passions" from December 2006 to 2008 (Series Finale).

</doc>
<doc id="9660732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660732" title="Tony Pua">
Tony Pua

Tony Pua Kiam Wee (, born 1972) is a Malaysian politician, currently the Member of Parliament for Petaling Jaya Utara. Pua was the former Malaysian CEO of Cyber Village Sdn Bhd, a SESDAQ (SGX secondary board)-listed company. In early 2007, he disposed of all his interests in the company and tendered his resignation to join the Democratic Action Party (DAP).
Pua graduated from Keble College, Oxford University with a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics under a scholarship from the MTC Foundation in 1994. Prior to that, he received Asean and Shaw Foundation scholarships to pursue his "O" and "A"-Levels in Raffles Institution and Raffles Junior College.
In the 2008 general election, Pua won the Parliamentary constituency of Petaling Jaya Utara on a DAP ticket. He ran against the incumbent, Datin Paduka Chew Mei Fun, Parliamentary Secretary to the Ministry for Women, Family & Community Affairs, and Deputy Chief of the Malaysian Chinese Association women's wing. In 2009, Pua was appointed the DAP member of the Pakatan Rakyat committee on the Ministry of Higher Education, roughly equivalent to the shadow ministry in other countries.
Education.
Tony Pua left home when he was 13 to do his secondary schooling in Singapore on an ASEAN scholarship from the Singapore government. He attended Raffles Institution and Raffles Junior College. He then went on to Oxford University where he read PPE at Keble College on a MTC scholarship.
Early career.
Pua worked for Andersen Consulting (now renamed Accenture) as a consultant after he graduated from Oxford. Two years later, in March 1997, he started Cyber Village when demand for e-business consultancy grew.
With his combined savings and those of his parents amounting to RM20,000 and another RM30,000 chipped in by three friends, he went ahead to open an office in Overseas Union Garden, Old Klang Road, KL with four staff.
In August 2001, Cyber Village became the first Multimedia Super Corridor (MSC)-status company to list on the Singapore Dealing and Automated Quotation System (Sesdaq). Its public offer of 400,000 shares drew an over-subscription of approximately 2.7 times.
Controversies.
Bersih 1.0 anniversary vigil arrest.
On 9 November 2008, Tony Pua was amongst the 23 arrested during a candlelight vigil in Petaling Jaya to commemorate the first anniversary of the Bersih street demonstration. Pua, along with Kampung Tunky stateassemblyman, Lau Weng San, were allegedly manhandled by the police when they were arrested. Pua alleged that he was kicked, shoved and had his shirt torn by the Selangor police. Pua was released on police bail on the morning of 10 November 2008 and was later charged for illegal assembly.
Death threat.
On 10 August 2010, Tony Pua received a live 5.56mm bullet used in M-16s with a threatening note posted from Tangkak, Johor. The bullet and the note were mailed to his constituency service centre in Damansara Utama. The note stated that Pua should watch out and that the whereabouts of his family, his house and his car were known. 
Pua stated that the threat was perhaps related to his proposal to the Selangor government to slash Bumiputera discounts for homes and commercial property priced above RM 500,000 in the state, although he had also added that the 7% discounts enjoyed by Malays and other Bumiputeras should be retained for homes below RM 500,000.
SYABAS suit.
On 28 January 2011, Syarikat Bekalan Air Selangor (SYABAS) filed a lawsuit against Tony Pua claiming that he had permitted Nanyang Siang Pau's Metro edition to publish words defamatory of it. The article had quoted him saying that if the water concessionaires could not settle their debts, the state government should take over the rights of management of water supply in Selangor. Syabas claimed that with the publication of the report in the newspaper, the company had been brought into public scandal and its image had been tarnished. Besides seeking an injunction to prevent Pua or his agents from publishing defamatory words against the company, Syabas was also seeking general damages and cost.
Pua argued that Syabas, as a public authority performing a public service, had no locus standi in making a defamation claim. He also said that he had a legal, moral and social duty as an MP and a member of the Selangor government Water Review Panel to publish those words as the public had a right to know. Pua also filed a counter-suit, claiming that Syabas' suit was frivolous, vexatious and amounted to an abuse of the court process, which resulted in him suffering losses and unnecessary harassment and expenses.
On June 6, 2012, the Malaysian High Court had found that SYABAS had succeeded in making its case against Pua for defamation ordered Tony Pua to pay RM200,000 in damages to SYABAS and awarded SYABAS interest at the rate of 4% per annum from the date of judgment till full payment and also costs. Justice Amelia Tee Hong Geok Abdullah also struck out Pua's counter-claim application and granted SYABAS an injunction to restrain Pua and his agents from further publishing or giving permission to be published "similar defamatory words" against SYABAS. The court found that "whilst the plaintiff may be encountering cash flow issues, the court does not believe that it is looking to this case to replenish its coffers." Pua later stated on his blog that he maintains "that the above statement is not defamatory, and will instruct my lawyers to file an appeal in the Court of Appeal."
On July 7, 2012, Pua posted on his blog that although an appeal was underway, he was required to pay the amount of RM200,000 to SYABAS by July 16, 2012. DAP Malaysia subsequently initiated “RM1 for Water Rights: 100,000 Malaysians Support Tony Pua vs Syabas” an online public mass fund-raising campaign, calling for 100,000 Malaysians to donate RM1 each to help Pua pay for the damages to SYABAS.
Publications.
The Tiger that Lost its Roar, a tale of Malaysia's political economy.
Remarks.
Abolishing Bumiputra discounts for higher-priced housing.
Tony Pua suggested that the Bumiputera discount for housing and real estate must be abolished for houses above RM500,000. He said that he does not oppose affirmative actions. However, he disagrees with giving discounts on expensive houses such as those priced at RM 1 million or RM 2 million. 
Reducing civil servants.
In one of his statements, Tony Pua said that the government should reduce the amount of civil servants. However, his idea was rejected by PKR leader Anwar Ibrahim as not practical. Tony said that he only wants to see the government sector becoming more efficient with less cost. 

</doc>
<doc id="9660771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660771" title="ICD Promaster">
ICD Promaster

The ICD ProMaster is an electropneumatic paintball marker manufactured by Indian Creek Designs and first released in 2005. The Promaster was designed to replace the aging Bushmaster 2000 model, which had been Indian Creek Design's flagship marker between 2000 and 2004.
History.
The original Promaster was a mechanical blowback paintball marker manufactured by a company called Line SI, which was then partially owned by Jerry Dobbins, the now-current owner of Indian Creek Designs. It was one of the first stacked-tube semiautomatic designs in paintball in the late 80s to early 90s. When ICD set out to redesign the Bushmaster (itself named after Line SI's famous pump) in 2005, the ProMaster name was resurrected to help promote the new model. Other than its name, the current Promaster shares nothing in common with the original.
Specifications.
The Promaster has a significantly smaller profile than its Bushmaster predecessor. It is an electronic solenoid-actuated computer controlled marker. The major components of the marker are machined from solid, aircraft-grade aluminum, and then hard anodized. The stock board can operate in Semi-Automatic mode, Ramp Automatic, Ramp, and Ramp burst. All modes can be capped at 15bps (balls per second) or completely uncapped. Modes are selected by changing switches on the circuit board under the markers grip. 
The Promaster comes stock with a 12" ported barrel with Autococker/Intimidator threads. The stock marker also comes with a four-way adjustable aluminum double trigger, electronic break-beam eye, delrin bolt, and quick pull pins for field stripping. 
Designed to operate on low-pressure, The main operating pressure is 250-300 PSI, which can be monitored via the gauge on the primary (input) regulator. The secondary pressure is factory preset and regulated to 85-95 PSI. Gas usage is controlled through these 2 internal regulators. C02 is not a recommended propellant for the Promaster or any electropneumatic marker, as the cold liquid can destroy a solenoid valve. Instead, regulated High Pressure Air or Nitrogen systems are recommended although may be used if an Anti-siphon tube has been installed inside the bottle. 
Since the Promaster is able to reach firing rates of over 15 bps (30 bps is claimed by Indian Creek), it will operate best when used with a force-fed hopper such as Vlocity/Vlocity Jr, Halo, Empire B, Pulse, Fasta, and or a Dye Rotor. However a force-fed hopper is not absolutely necessary and an agitated, or other electronic hopper, may be used with the Promaster at lower rates of fire (i.e. Viewloader Evlution 2 or 3, Revolutions, Halo TSA Frontman and Backman, Ricochet Apache, etc.)
Upgrades.
There are many upgrades available for the ProMaster. One upgrade that must be bought immediately is a bottom line setup, the most popular of these being an on/off valve style ASA (Air Source Adaptor) with a macroline hose. Any 45 style grips will fit it and all Autococker/Intimidator barrels will work as well. The feedneck is threaded into the body and can be replaced with any Bushmaster-style feed neck, such as the feednecks manufactured by AKALMP, CCM and ICDU. Another very popular upgrade among ProMaster users is the Indian Creek Designs Underground Cylinder Assembly. It consists of a new cylinder and ram unit as well as a Quick Exhaust Valve, or QEV and hose barb. The low pressure regulator pressure can be dropped significantly after this upgrade. This increases the ProMaster's air efficiency and cycle speed as well as reducing the amount of recoil felt when firing. Another advantage to adding the ICDU cylinder is the hammer can be removed out of the back of the gun, resulting in an easier maintenance process for the user. Other popular upgrades are replacement high pressure regulators, low pressure regulators and valves that offer higher air flow and consistency, resulting in higher paintball velocities at lower air pressures, thus increasing the ProMaster's efficiency. Aftermarket Micro-processor circuit boards are available from NOX, Kila Products and Vaporworks. The ProMaster shares the same circuit board type as the newer ICD Freestyles. Yet another popular upgrade is widely available on www.ebay.com. It is a delrin bolt link pin, which links the bolt to the ram hammer. It is very popular because it is light in weight, prevents scratching of the body and, is very inexpensive compared to most other upgrades available for the ProMaster. Delrin bolts are also available, however the stock bolt has proven to be a strong point of the gun because it is also made of delrin and no evidence of performance gains has been shown with the use of an upgraded bolt. New high flow solenoid valves are also available from ICDU website as well as Airsoldier.com
Drawbacks.
One of the main drawbacks for buying a Promaster is that it does not come stock with an ASA, which means that the owner will have to add one before he or she uses the marker.
Many users have reported a "break-in" period before the marker performs consistently, as is common in most markers.
The Promaster does not come stock with a clamping feedneck, a device that locks onto a hopper and keeps it more secure than a standard feedneck. This is not a major problem, however; many users upgrade to a clamping feedneck.
Unfortunately ICD products are generally not as readily available as products from more popular paintball companies such as Smart Parts, or Tippmann, etc. This means that replacement or upgrade parts can sometimes be hard to find, particularly for players living outside of the U.S.A.
Lasoya Promaster.
Indian Creek Designs also made a variant of this marker known as the Lasoya Promaster. The Lasoya version has slightly different milling which is more simplistic and comes in a dust finish two tone fade colour. The aggressive "tail" has been removed, perhaps to decrease the weight of the marker. The high pressure regulator is different from the standard ProMaster. It is a clone of the well-known Air America Vigilante regulator. Instead of the standard ProMaster blade trigger, a new trigger with two finger groves has been added. The bolt is also different as it is made of teflon, instead of delrin and has a small "ramp" on the top to reduce ball breakage. It also comes with a low pressure regulator gauge so the user can see exactly what the LPR is set at. Another change from the regular ProMaster is the feed neck. While it is still not a clamping feed neck, it has a lower profile, resulting in less hopper hits. The board in the Lasoya Promaster was made by Kila products for ICD and is a less adjustable version of their ProMaster Drive board. Hence it has been nicknamed the "Kila Lite" board. It features more firing modes than the original ProMaster board and an adjustable "debounce" setting.
Like the original, the Lasoya Promaster does not come with an ASA.
The Lasoya finish comes in black/gold, black/blue, black/grey, and black/red.
The Lasoya ProMaster is available in limited quantity because shortly after they went into production, the contract between Pat Maroch and NPS was severed, causing the production of more Lasoya ProMasters to come to an end.
Other models.
Prototypes for a GS Promaster and an ND Promaster were designed but not released. The GS Promaster was designed by ICD tech Greg Schutte. It has the ICD aftermarket cylinder assembly, BlueFork modified stock ICD LPR, HPR, new ICD clamping feedneck, stock grips, Humphrey high-flow solenoid (same solenoid used in the Freestyle pro) and full predator coding v. 5.0. The GS Promaster looks much like the regular Promaster with a different "tail" design. It was going to be produced as a Private Label, but ICD decided not to proceed with the project. Greg Schutte owns the only existing GS Promaster.
The Naughty Dogs Promaster was made for and tested by the Naughty Dogs. Only a couple of these models were made, and the model was not put into production.

</doc>
<doc id="9660788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660788" title="Nic Sadler">
Nic Sadler


</doc>
<doc id="9660793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660793" title="Des Fothergill">
Des Fothergill

Desmond Hugh Fothergill (15 July 1920 – 16 March 1996) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL), and briefly in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).
From Collingwood Tech, Fothergill was a gifted sportsman who made his VFL debut aged 16, for the Collingwood Football Club in 1937. Fothergill was a small midfielder/half-forward who seemed too small at the start, at 172 cm and 73 kg, but his brilliance as a footballer was something that over-shadowed his liabilities. Fothergill made an impact straight away as he played brilliant football, winning a Copeland Trophy as Collingwood's best and fairest in his debut season, and kicking 56 goals being the club's leading goalkicker.
In 1938, Fothergill was once again a dominant member of the side, winning his second consecutive Copeland Trophy at the age of 18, and two years later, in 1940, Fothergill won win his third Copeland Trophy. Also in 1940, Fothergill and South Melbourne player Herbie Matthews tied for first place in Brownlow Medal voting as best and fairest in the VFL, with a then-record 32 votes; at the time, neither player won the Brownlow Medal itself, as their records could not be separated on countback and there was no provision for a shared medal, but both men were awarded Brownlow Medals in 1989 when the VFL decided to retrospectively eliminate the countback from the award.
In 1941, Fothergill went to Victorian Football Association (VFA) club Williamstown without receiving a clearance from the VFL, as many other high-profile League players had done since rule changes introduced by the VFA in 1938. In his sole season with Williamstown, he won the Recorder Cup and VFA Medal as best and fairest in the VFA, polling a record 62 votes and winning by a huge margin of 29 votes. In 1942, with World War II being fought in the Pacific, his playing days ceased in the Association; he joined the army, and was forced to move on after a knee injury when in Darwin, Northern Territory.
In 1945, Fothergill returned to the VFL – back at Collingwood, having never formally been cleared from the club. He dominated at half-forward for the club again, despite being slower and having injury problems. He kicked 62 goals in 45 games after the war, and he was the VFL's leading goalkicker in the 1946 home-and-home season, although he ultimately finished second for the League's Leading Goalkicker Medal after his total was passed in the finals by Essendon's Bill Brittingham. He was forced to retire in 1947 due to a leg injury.
Fothergill was named in the Collingwood Team of the Century, and was inducted into the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2000. The award for the best young player in the modern Victorian Football League (which is the successor to the former VFA) is named the Fothergill-Round Medal in honour of Fothergill and Barry Round.
Fothergill was also an accomplished cricketer, playing cricket in the summer throughout his football career. He played 27 first-class cricket matches for Victoria, making 1404 runs at 39.00 with one century. He made his hundred against South Australia in 1947 and once made 99 against the Australian Services XI. He played district cricket for Northcote. After retiring from football, Fothergill moved to England and played for the Enfield Cricket Club in the Lancashire League in 1949 and 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="9660815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660815" title="1991 430 km of Nürburgring">
1991 430 km of Nürburgring

The 1991 430 km of Nürburgring was the fifth round of the 1991 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Nürburgring, Germany. It took place on August 18, 1991.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 90% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="9660818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660818" title="George Haliburton (bishop of Aberdeen)">
George Haliburton (bishop of Aberdeen)

George Haliburton (b. c. 1635 – 1715, Halton, Angus) was a Scottish cleric and Jacobite. Haliburton received his education at St Salvator's College, St Andrews, obtaining a Master of Arts on 12 June 1652, and a Doctorate in Divinity in 1673. 
Between his two degrees, he was made minister of Coupar Angus in 1659, and was Archdeacon of Dunkeld by the summer of 1663. After obtaining his doctorate, he served as moderator of the Presbytery of Meigle from 1678 until he became Bishop of Brechin, receiving consecration as bishop on 13 June 1678. The latter encompassed the roles of provost and minister of Brechin, but nevertheless George remained minister of Coupar Angus. 
On 22 June 1682, Haliburton was selected to move to the larger diocese of Aberdeen, and was translated as Bishop of Aberdeen on 5 July 1682. Unlike most members of the Church of Scotland, Haliburton supported episcopacy, and was an active persecutor of the Quakers. In 1688, after the Glorious Revolution, episcopacy was defeated in Scotland and all Church of Scotland bishops were deprived of their sees, including Haliburton. Haliburton was formally deprived of his bishopric on 22 July 1689.
Haliburton moved to Newtyle parish in Angus, assisting the work of an episcopal minister there until the Church of Scotland forcibly took over control of it in 1698. He then retired to his own residence at nearby Halton, and received a pension in the following year. Haliburton became increasingly sympathetic towards Jacobitism and ordained clergy, working closely with re-established episcopalian bishops and archbishops, though the latter often did not inform him about the secret consecrations of new bishops which were taking place. 
He moved to Denhead in 1710. He died at Halton on 29 September 1715. Twenty days earlier he had attended the raising of the standard of the Old Pretender at Fetteresso, the act which initiated the First Jacobite Rising.

</doc>
<doc id="9660820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660820" title="Coarse topology">
Coarse topology

In mathematics, coarse topology is a term in comparison of topologies which specifies the partial order relation of a topological structure to other one(s).
Specifically, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9660833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660833" title="George Haliburton">
George Haliburton

George Haliburton or Halyburton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9660855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660855" title="STRIDE (protein)">
STRIDE (protein)

In protein structure, STRIDE (Structural identification) is an algorithm for the assignment of protein secondary structure elements given the atomic coordinates of the protein, as defined by X-ray crystallography, protein NMR, or another protein structure determination method. In addition to the hydrogen bond criteria used by the more common DSSP algorithm, the STRIDE assignment criteria also include dihedral angle potentials. As such, its criteria for defining individual secondary structures are more complex than those of DSSP. The STRIDE energy function contains a hydrogen-bond term containing a Lennard-Jones-like 8-6 distance-dependent potential and two angular dependence factors reflecting the planarity of the optimized hydrogen bond geometry. The criteria for individual secondary structural elements, which are divided into the same groups as those reported by DSSP, also contain statistical probability factors derived from empirical examinations of solved structures with visually assigned secondary structure elements extracted from the Protein Data Bank.
Although DSSP is the older method and continues to be the most commonly used, the original STRIDE definition reported it to give a more satisfactory structural assignment in at least 70% of cases. In particular, STRIDE was observed to correct for the propensity of DSSP to assign shorter secondary structures than would be assigned by an expert crystallographer, usually due to the minor local variations in structure that are most common near the termini of secondary structure elements. Using a sliding-window method to smooth variations in assignment of single terminal residues, current implementations of STRIDE and DSSP are reported to agree in up to 95.4% of cases. Both STRIDE and DSSP, among other common secondary structure assignment methods, are believed to underpredict pi helices. 

</doc>
<doc id="9660873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660873" title="List of mayors of Bendigo">
List of mayors of Bendigo

This is a list of the mayors of the City of Bendigo, a local government area and the fourth largest city in Victoria, Australia.
See also.
Betty Jackman's book - Mayors of Bendigo is probably the best public reference for the Mayors.

</doc>
<doc id="9660946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660946" title="Kyp Malone">
Kyp Malone

David Kyp Joel Malone (born February 27, 1973) is a multi-instrumentalist and member of the bands TV on the Radio and Iran.
Malone formed Iran with film director/singer/songwriter Aaron Aites in 2000. Malone later joined Tunde Adebimpe and David Sitek in TV on the Radio for the recording and release of "Desperate Youth, Bloodthirsty Babes". He writes, sing and play instruments in the band. He addresses in his lyrics racism, show business, and politics in an indirect manner with poetry and images.
Malone has also contributed to work by Miles Benjamin Anthony Robinson, including producing Robinson's 2009 album "Summer Of Fear". In 2009, Malone released a solo effort under the name Rain Machine, later touring to support the album. Malone has also toured and played with Jolie Holland, and was an influence and early champion of singer-songwriter Sharon Van Etten. Malone was featured in the 2002 Bay Area indie film "Scumrock". Malone also recorded with the Malian band Tinariwen on their 2011 release "Tassili". The album was recorded in the Algerian desert near the Libyan border.

</doc>
<doc id="9660972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660972" title="Mountain View Hospital">
Mountain View Hospital

Mountain View Hospital can be one of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9660999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9660999" title="Stuck Inside a Cloud">
Stuck Inside a Cloud

"Stuck Inside a Cloud" is a song by George Harrison and is the seventh track to his posthumous album "Brainwashed". It was released to radio stations in the United States and the United Kingdom in 2002, peaking at number 27 on "Billboard's" Adult Contemporary chart in the US in 2003.
Harrison's favourite number was seven, and his favourite track on any of his albums was always the seventh. Dhani Harrison chose "Stuck Inside a Cloud" as his personal favourite track from his father's "Brainwashed" album, and thus gave it the "honor" of being the seventh track. Dhani Harrison explains in detail his late father's system for picking the sequence of songs on his albums on the "Brainwashed" DVD bundled with the bonus edition.

</doc>
<doc id="9661000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661000" title="Fram Forlag">
Fram Forlag

Fram Forlag was a Norwegian publishing company. It was established as a publishing house for the organization Mot Dag in 1929, with Erling Falk as the founder and Torolf Elster as an early associate. The company was taken over by Tiden Norsk Forlag in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="9661004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661004" title="John Henry Challis">
John Henry Challis

John Henry Challis (6 August 1806 – 28 February 1880) was an Anglo-Australian merchant, landowner and philanthropist.
Challis was born in England, the son of John Henry Challis, sergeant in the 9th Regiment, and his first wife. He was educated at several schools and trained as a clerk. He then migrated to Sydney, New South Wales, arriving on the "Pyramis" on 9 May 1829 as a steerage passenger. He was employed by Marsden and Flower, merchants. In 1842 the firm was reorganized under the name of Flower, Salting and Company, when Challis was admitted as a junior partner. The business dealt in wool amongst other things and became very prosperous. He acquired several properties, including a large holding at Potts Point, he also has pastoral licenses of over 12,000 sq. miles (31,080 km²) in southern New South Wales and had more than 3,500 cattle and 11,000 sheep. In 1855 he sold his business interests and returned to England. In 1856 he subscribed for stained glass windows in the Great Hall of the University of Sydney; in 1859 he visited Sydney again and gave £700 for the 'Royal Window'.
Returning to Europe, Challis spent much of his time travelling, and died in France on 28 February 1880. He was buried at Folkestone, England. Under his will the whole of his residuary estate was left to the University of Sydney, subject to a tenure until death or re-marriage of his widow Henrietta, and a provision that the estate should accumulate for five years after such death or re-marriage. Henrietta died on 19 September 1884 and because Challis had been residing in England, the English Inland Revenue Commission claimed legacy duties. Fortunately, the University of Sydney's chancellor, Sir William Montagu Manning, strenuously argued against the Commission's claims which were subsequently abandoned.
In 1890 a sum of about £200,000 was handed to the University Senate, which 50 years later, partly by increases in value of land and the falling off of annuities, had increased to £376,000. The income from the fund has provided for seven professorships (in anatomy, zoology, engineering, history, law, modern literature, and logic and mental philosophy) and several lectureships. The bequest, however, meant more than that. When it was made public it created much interest in the university, the Senate adopted an extended scheme of teaching, and the government increased the amount of the annual grant by £5000. A portrait of Challis is in the Great Hall of the University, and there is also a marble statue of him by Achille Simonetti.

</doc>
<doc id="9661011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661011" title="Thomas Penn">
Thomas Penn

Thomas Penn (March 20, 1702 – March 21, 1775) was a son of William Penn, founder of the Province of Pennsylvania, the English North American colony that became the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Thomas Penn was born in Bristol, England after his father returned there in 1701 because of financial difficulties. Thomas Penn's mother was his father's second wife, Hannah Callowhill Penn (1671–1726), daughter of Thomas Callowhill.
Life.
Penn inherited the position of Proprietor of the Colony of Pennsylvania for the Crown of England in 1718 along with his brothers John and Richard on the death of their father William Penn, until 1746 when John died. Thomas continued as the Proprietor with Richard's son, John, and his own son John Penn until 1775. He tried to bring his family out of the debt that had plagued his father. He asserted his independence from the Quakers, and tried to assert his control of the colony almost as a feudal lord.
On May 12, 1732 Thomas with his brothers John and Richard, as the proprietors of Pennsylvania, signed an order to create a commission. This order was directed to Governor Gordon, Isaac Norris, Samuel Preston, James Logan, and Andrew Hamilton, Esquires, and to the gentlemen James Steel and Robert Charles. The commission, which was to be made up of at least three or more of these individuals, was given full power on behalf of the proprietors for the “running, marking, and laying out” of any boundary between Pennsylvania and Maryland. This was in accordance to the agreement signed between the Penn brothers and Charles Calvert, 5th Baron Baltimore on May 10, 1732.
Penn arrived in Pennsylvania in August, 1732, and organized the purchase of some of the lands at the outskirts of the Pennsylvania colony. He met with some of the local Indian chiefs and tried to keep the peace as immigrants poured into the countryside north and west of Philadelphia on the Susquehanna, Schuylkill, and Delaware Rivers. Many of the Indians did not want to sell their land, and had not heard of William Penn's 1686 treaty. Finally in 1737 Acting Governor James Logan convinced several Indian Chiefs to confirm the 1686 deed, which according to the Penns had given them land west of the Delaware River to the extent that a man could walk in a day and a half. Logan hired several men to walk the measure, but they walked west at a very fast pace, and the Indians felt cheated. Logan and the Penn sons including Thomas were later criticized for this fraudulent "Walking Purchase" and their questionable treatment of the Indians. Part of the difficulty lay in the conflict with the French who laid claim on the back country west of Pennsylvania and the ensuing hostilities of King George's War (1744–1748) and the French and Indian War (1754–1763). Penn lobbied against Quaker efforts to make peace with the Iroquois and Algonquian tribes some of whom were allied with the French. The proprietor Penn brothers became rich selling their newly and fraudulently acquired land to European settlers, who as a result became resentful of the proprietors. The new land Penn acquired was not taxed by the Crown until it had been surveyed many years later.
Penn tried to stop the introduction of Roman Catholicism in the colony. In 1733 a Catholic chapel was built in Philadelphia, and in 1734 Penn attempted to suppress the movement, but the Quaker-led legislative assembly protected the rights of Catholics to worship and build churches.
Penn visited the countryside of Pennsylvania to look for sites to establish towns and county seats. He appointed surveyors for the colony and for the "Lower Counties" which became Delaware, including Joshua Fisher, a prominent merchant in Lewes at the mouth of Delaware Bay. On one occasion in 1739, Penn visited the future site of Reading, Pennsylvania, where he found only one cabin. As Proprietor he realized the site would be good for the layout of a county seat because it sat in the Schuylkill River valley with hills nearby. Although he never returned to the site, the knowledge he gained on this visit was helpful later when he drew up the plan for Reading. He planned the street map and the water system, and helped surveyors and realtors with suggestions about the sale of lots, from which he stood to profit. Penn took the name from Reading, Berkshire, England and established the town in 1748, and on creation of Berks County in 1752, Reading became county seat.
Penn returned to England and in 1751 joined the Church of England and married Lady Juliana Fermor, the daughter of Thomas Fermor, 1st Earl of Pomfret and Henrietta Louisa Jeffreys. He did not hold many of the beliefs of the Quakers who had come to Pennsylvania, and lived the life of an aristocrat who had taken from the poor, identifiably different from his Quaker father who had tried to purchase land fairly from the Indians and live a life of peace.
The politics of the colony were complex, with the Quaker population declining and the legislature increasingly at odds with its proprietor. In 1756, Penn attempted to remove the Quakers from power in the colony by having a petition granted by Parliament that would require an oath of loyalty in all colonial legislative assemblies. Because the Quakers never took oaths, they would be banned from power. The attempt failed and the colonial Quakers remained free of any oaths to Parliament.
Penn sent his nephew John Penn to govern the colony in 1763. The new governor faced many problems: Pontiac's Rebellion, disputes over the Penn family lands and taxation, and efforts of Pennsylvanians led by Benjamin Franklin to have the Penn proprietary government replaced with a royal government. Thomas Penn died in England on March 21, 1775, soon before the American Revolution brought an end to the Penn family's control of Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="9661075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661075" title="Applied Physics A">
Applied Physics A

"Applied Physics A: Materials Science and Processing" is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Michael Stuke (Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry). This publication is complemented by "Applied Physics B (Lasers & Optics)".
Aims and scope.
The journal covers theoretical and experimental research in applied physics, including surfaces, thin films, the condensed phase of materials, nanostructured materials, application of nanotechnology, and techniques pertaining to advanced processing and characterization. Coverage also includes characterizing materials, evaluating materials, optical & electronic materials, production engineering, process engineering, interfaces (surfaces & thin films), corrosion, and finally coatings. 
Publishing formats include articles pertaining to original research, reviews, and rapid communications. Invited papers are also included on a regular basis and collected in special issues.
Abstracting and indexing.
This journal is abstracted and indexed in: 
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.545.

</doc>
<doc id="9661081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661081" title="Cuyuna Iron Range Municipally-Owned Elevated Metal Water Tanks">
Cuyuna Iron Range Municipally-Owned Elevated Metal Water Tanks

The Cuyuna Iron Range Municipally-Owned Elevated Metal Water Tanks are a group of five water towers within the Cuyuna Range in Crow Wing County, Minnesota. The water tanks, built between 1912 and 1918, were listed on the National Register of Historic Places because they represent the historical period of community planning, public works, and engineering that supported the development of the Cuyuna Range. Their construction was made possible by a favorable property tax arrangement on the iron mines that brought significant revenues to the towns of Crosby, Cuyuna, Deerwood, Ironton, and Trommald. The communities began around 1910, when iron mining started on the Range. The peak of mining employment was around 1920, and it started to decline around 1930. By the 1950s, iron mining was well in decline on the Cuyuna Range. Today, the towns of Trommald and Cuyuna are almost ghost towns.
State historian Theodore C. Blegen wrote, "A singular aspect of range-town life was the blossoming of schools, community buildings, parks, splendid streets, and other public improvements built generously, not to say lavishly. They set standards far beyond those of most Minnesota cities at the time. These reflected at once a public desire for the best, a concern on the part of citizens for the education of their children, and the availability of taxes to provide the funds without stint for public wants." Even the smaller communities were able to install complete water systems. After the end of iron mining, as the communities lost population, many of the publicly funded improvements such as schools have disappeared, and many of the houses have either been torn down or were left abandoned and dilapidated. Within Trommald and Cuyuna, the water towers are the most visible remains of the mining boom years.

</doc>
<doc id="9661093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661093" title="Applied Physics B">
Applied Physics B

Applied Physics B: Lasers & Optics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Dieter Meschede (University of Bonn). Topical coverage includes laser physics, optical & laser materials, linear optics, nonlinear optics, quantum optics, and photonic devices. Interest also includes laser spectroscopy pertaining to atoms, molecules, and clusters. The journal publishes original research articles, invited reviews, and rapid communications.
History.
The journal is a continuation of "Applied Physics B: Photophysics and Laser Chemistry" (), in existence from September 1981 (volume B: 26 no. 1) to December 1993 (volume B: 57 no. 6) It partly continues "Applied Physics" (), in existence from January 1973 (volume 1 no. 1) to August 1981 (volume 25 no. 4).
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="9661124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661124" title="Mentakab–Temerloh Bypass">
Mentakab–Temerloh Bypass

The Mentakab–Temerloh Bypass, Federal Route is a main highway bypass in Pahang, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="9661132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661132" title="Disown (band)">
Disown (band)

Disown is a four-piece Industrial rock band originally from Cleveland, Ohio. 
Along with guitar riffs and stabbing electronic synths similar to Nine Inch Nails or Linkin Park, Disown adds an arrangement of melodic, emotional lyrics similar to A Perfect Circle or Tool. 
Formed in 2000, Disown has shared the stage with HIM, Atreyu, Lacuna Coil, Static-X, Orgy, Godhead, Crossbreed, Mushroomhead, Trust Company, KMFDM and The Apex Theory. 
The original lineup consisted of Jae Rohrer on vocals and guitar, Mitch Langford on guitar and sequencing, Jesse Rohrer on bass, and Gerry Lakarosky on drums. 
In 2004, Disown appeared in an article of the "Daily Kent Stater" written by Mark Bodkin documenting the recording process of their first release "Angels and Atheists." Later that same year, they traveled to the Recording Workshop in Chillicothe, Ohio to demo three songs with Eric Rickey that would later appear on "Requiem of One." That same year, Disown replaced drummer, Gerry Lakarosky with Scott Kaczmarek.
In 2005, Disown secured a spot on the OzzFest 2004 tour performing in front of more than 30,000 people.
In 2005, the band secured business with Cleopatra Records and had their single, "Policy of Truth" placed on a tribute to Depeche Mode. 
In 2006, Disown began their east coast tour of 13 states and 39 cities. The band acquired new bassist, Krystle Carter and guitarist Mikal. The band continued to open for several huge National Acts. As well, Disown was named Top 20 best artist on Myspace and selected for a chance to place a track on Vivendi/Universal's upcoming PC game, "".
In 2007, Jae Rohrer began working on Disown's 3rd full-length Album entitled "Grave New World". Disown received sponsorship by SamAsh and endorsements from Halo Guitars. The band was also nominated for Best Goth/Industrial Act 3 years in a row by the Cleveland Free Times.
In 2008, tragedy struck on March 4, as their guitarist, Mikal, was involved in a fatal car accident in Michigan, and died on March 6, 2008. Mikal's funeral was held on March 11. The band members refused to comment on the situation
2009 - the band has been in under the radar since, taking a break to recover from things and, perhaps enjoy life a bit.
2010, the band's music, specifically the track Medicinal, is set to appear as one of the tracks shipped with APB by Realtime Worlds. It is unclear whether this track was handpicked by the developers or submitted by the band via the Artist Program.
Members.
Past Members

</doc>
<doc id="9661136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661136" title="Evin (disambiguation)">
Evin (disambiguation)

Evin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9661156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661156" title="Herbert James Carter">
Herbert James Carter

Herbert James Carter (23 April 1858 – 16 April 1940) was an English-born Australian schoolmaster and entomologist.
__NOTOC__
Early life.
Carter was born at Marlborough, Wiltshire, England, the son of James Carter, farmer, and his wife Mary Ann, "née" Freeman. He was educated at Aldenham school, Hertfordshire and at Jesus College, Cambridge where he graduated B.A. in 1881. He was also a keen cricketer.
Career.
Migrating to Australia (arriving on the "Potosi " on 19 February 1882) Carter was made assistant mathematics master at Sydney Grammar School, later becoming senior mathematics master. In 1902 he became principal of Ascham girls' school until 1914. During World War I, Carter became a founding member of the executive committee of the Australian branch of the British Red Cross Society.
Carter became interested in the study of the Coleoptera (beetles and weevils), he joined the Linnean Society of New South Wales and was a member of its council from 1920–1939, and its president in 1925-6. He was joint editor of The Australian Encyclopaedia which was published in 1925-6. He was able to obtain the help of the leading scientists of Australia and their articles formed a large and valuable part of this publication. In his own work Carter gave much attention to matters of synonymy, and published a number of check-lists of the families. He died suddenly at his home at Wahroonga, Sydney on 16 April 1940.
Legacy.
Around fifty of his papers are listed in Musgrave's "Bibliography of Australian Entomology 1775-1930", and Carter continued working almost up to the day of his death. He married Antoinette Charlotte Moore in 1882, who pre-deceased him, and was survived by two sons and two daughters. Carter was much esteemed by his scientific colleagues. Many of them are mentioned in his "Gulliver in the Bush" (1933), a record of his collecting trips in Australia. He was honorary entomologist to the Australian Museum, Sydney, for some years. He disposed of one collection of Coleoptera to the National Museum, Melbourne, and a later collection was given to the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research at Canberra. One of Carter's sons Lieut.-Colonel Herbert Gordon Carter, D.S.O., (1885–1963), fought in World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="9661181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661181" title="Cortina (tango)">
Cortina (tango)

A cortina (curtain) is a short piece (20–60 seconds) of music that is played between tandas at a milonga (tango dance event). The cortina lets the dancers know that the tanda has ended. The partners can then thank each other and return to their own tables, to find a new dance partner at the next tanda. Cortinas are used at many of the milongas in Argentina and Uruguay and increasingly elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="9661188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661188" title="Amboli, Sindhudurg">
Amboli, Sindhudurg

Amboli is a hill station in south Maharashtra, India. At an altitude of 690 m it is the last hill station before the coastal highlands of Goa and a relatively unexplored one.
Amboli lies in the Sahayadri Hills of Western India, one of the world's "Eco Hot-Spots" and it therefore abounds in a variety of fairly unique flora and fauna. However, as in the other parts of the Sahaydri Hills, denudation of the forest cover and unregulated government assisted "development" (read "hotels, resorts & highways") are gradually ruining a once pristine environment.
Historically, Amboli village came into being as one of the staging posts along the road from Vengurla port to the city of Belgaum, which was extensively used by the British to supply their garrisons in south and central India.
The hills of Amboli village provide one of the sources of the Krishna river (The "Ganges" of south India) and an ancient Shiva temple (called Hiranyakeshi) exists at the cave where the water emerges. The main attraction for tourists is the incredibly high rainfall (7 m average per year!)and the numerous waterfalls and mist during the monsoons. Legend has it that there are 108 Shiva temples in and around Amboli of which only a dozen have been uncovered, one as recently as 2005. There aren't too many places to see or things to do but it is quiet, unpolluted and the local residents are good natured and helpful.
Transport.
Amboli is well connected by road to all the surrounding cities (Kolhapur 129 km, Belgaum 68 km, Panjim (Goa) 90 km) by road and the nearest airport is at Belgaum, about 1.5 hours drive away. All the roads are good and a new airport is expected to come up in north Goa shortly, reducing the travelling time to just over an hour.
आंबोली-is a correct name
Accommodation.
There are a few decent (and relatively cheap) hotels at Amboli. A few of them being, Hotel Sailee, Whistling Woods, Silent Valley Resort Shanti Darshan and Hotel Shiv malhar. Most of them provide hot water baths and have facilities like Restaurant, Room Service & Cab Services. 
Hotel Pushkarleela have lodging and restaurant services. It provides easy access to tourist for sight seeing places. 
MTDC also have a good resort.
Local Transport.
The only local transport is motorised three-wheeler rickshaws and a couple of private taxis. One can find them parked near the main bus stand and are available without much bargaining.
Tourist Attractions.
There are in total 8 places that are listed by MTDC. If one does not have ones own transportation, three-wheeler rickshaws are available. You'll need them only for a day to check out the touristy places and can then depend upon your legs to take you the ones that interest you most.
Nearest Railway Stations.
Tourists coming from Mumbai, Goa, Delhi and various trains of Konkan railway can reach Amboli from Sawantwadi railway station. There are buses both from Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation and Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation that ply frequently between Belgaum and Sawantwadi Via Amboli and charge Rs.24. Private Cars are available from Sawantwadi railway station to Amboli. You can also reach Amboli from Sangli and Kolhapur stations by bus via Nipani-Gadhinglaj-Ajara. This allows you to visit famous tourist spots like Ganesh temple of Sangli and Mahalaxmi temple of Kolhapur along with visiting Amboli.Belgaum is a useful railhead for the tourists coming from the karnataka and other southern parts.
Nearest Railway Junction.
Tourists coming from Pune, Bangalore, Mysore, Hubli, Chennai, Hyderabad, Tirupathi, etc. can reach Amboli from Miraj junction. Private Cars are available from Miraj railway station to Amboli.

</doc>
<doc id="9661190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661190" title="G. C. Danielson">
G. C. Danielson

Gordon C. (G.C.) Danielson was a Distinguished Professor in Sciences and Humanities in 1964 at Iowa State University at Ames, Iowa.
His name was added to the Distinguished Professor Award Wall in Beardsher Hall.
A scholarship fund, the Gordon C. Danielson Fund was established in his name.
Danielson collaborated with Cornelius Lanczos to write the paper, "Some Improvements in Practical Fourier Analysis and their Application to X-ray Scattering from Liquids" (1942).
With L. D. Muhlstein he wrote "Effects of Ordering on the Transport Properties of Sodium Tungsten Bronze" (1967).

</doc>
<doc id="9661198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661198" title="Penny Pritzker">
Penny Pritzker

Penny Sue Pritzker (born May 2, 1959) is an American business executive, entrepreneur, civic leader, and philanthropist who is currently serving as the 38th United States Secretary of Commerce. She is the founder of PSP Capital Partners and Pritzker Realty Group. She is also co-founder of Artemis Real Estate Partners. She is a member of the Pritzker family.
In 2012, "Chicago" magazine named her one of the 100 most powerful Chicagoans. In 2011, the Forbes 400 list of America's wealthiest showed her as the 263rd richest person in the U.S., estimated net worth of US $1.8511 billion, and the world's 651st richest person.
In 2009, "Forbes" named Pritzker as one of the 100 most powerful women in the world.
Early life.
Pritzker was born in Chicago to a Jewish family in 1959, the daughter of Sue (née Sandel) and Donald N. Pritzker (1932–1972), one of the co-founders of Hyatt hotels, which grew dramatically under his leadership as President from 1959 until his death in 1972. Pritzker is a member of the Pritzker family of Chicago, an influential business family. She attended Castilleja School until 1977. She earned an A.B. in Economics from Harvard College in 1981 and both a J.D. and an M.B.A. from Stanford University in 1984. She has two brothers: Anthony Pritzker and Jay Robert Pritzker.
Superior Bank.
In 1989, Ms. Pritzker's late uncle, Jay Pritzker, purchased a 50% stake in Hinsdale, Illinois-based Superior Bank of Chicago from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which had taken over the bank when it failed. Penny Pritzker was Superior's chairperson from 1991–1994. In 1993, the bank "embarked on a business strategy of significant growth into subprime home mortgages," according to a report by the United States Treasury Department. In 2000, it became clear the bank was faltering. In the months leading up to 2001, the Pritzkers tried to work out a recapitalization plan. In July 2001, FDIC seized the bank after the recapitalization could not be resolved. Subsequently, the Pritzker family reached an agreement with regulators to pay $460 million.
According to the FDIC, by 2011, the uninsured depositors of Superior had each received 81% of their uninsured monies, in addition to the $100,000 each previously received of their insured amount. Industry experts have criticized the Pritzkers in regard to Superior. Consumer advocates and government investigators asserted Superior "engaged in unsound financial activities and predatory lending practices." Responding to the "Wall Street Journal", Pritzker noted she had no ownership in the bank, either direct or indirect, and that the bank's reasons for failure "were complex, including changes in accounting practices, auditing failures, reversals in regulatory positions and general economic conditions." She said the bank complied with "fair lending laws" and ethical business practices. A 2001 "Business Week" article described the bank's other owner, Alvin Dworman, as the more dominant partner in its operation as a result of agreements made by Jay Pritzker. Quoted in the "New York Times", a Pritzker family friend observed Pritzker was trapped in a deal of her uncle's making: "Penny got sucked into this…this was really the legacy of Jay" Jay Pritzker died in 1999.
Government and political involvement.
Pritzker was a member of the President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. She also served on the President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board.
She was national co-chair of Obama for America 2012 and was the national finance chair of President Obama's presidential campaign in 2008. A campaign under her direction reached out to small donors. On November 20, 2008, CNN reported that Pritzker was Barack Obama's top choice for Commerce Secretary, quoting "multiple" unnamed sources. However, it was later reported that Pritzker took herself out of the running. According to the "Chicago Tribune", she withdrew her name from consideration "due to obligations to her family, for whom she was still overseeing billions in assets, and the financial crisis, which was putting some of those assets at risk."
Pritzker has contributed to numerous campaigns. Among the recipients have been the presidential campaigns and exploratory committees, including those of George W. Bush, Joe Lieberman, Bill Bradley, Rudy Giuliani, John McCain (2000), Al Gore, John Kerry and Hillary Clinton. On July 2, 2008, Ms. Pritzker and her husband hosted a $28,500 per plate fundraiser for Mr. Obama's campaign in Chicago with Warren Buffett and his wife, and Obama advisor Valerie Jarrett.
She was also on the Board of Directors of the Council on Foreign Relations, a nonpartisan think tank focused on world affairs and U.S. foreign policy.
Secretary of Commerce.
Pritzker was nominated as United States Secretary of Commerce by President Barack Obama on May 2, 2013. After an uneventful confirmation hearing on May 23, 2013, Pritzker was confirmed by the full Senate on June 25, by a vote of 97 to 1. Pritzker was sworn in as Secretary on June 26, 2013.
Civic and philanthropic activities.
Pritzker is involved in public education. She was a member of the Chicago Board of Education and is past chair of the Chicago Public Education Fund.
Pritzker was Advisory Board Chair of Skills for America's Future (SAF), a policy initiative of the Aspen Institute. Pritzker is a former chair of the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago.
On March 26, 2014, "Elle" honored Pritzker, with others, at Italian Embassy in the United States during its annual “Women in Washington Power List.”

</doc>
<doc id="9661316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661316" title="Don Munday">
Don Munday

Walter Alfred Don Munday (1890 – 1950) was a Canadian explorer, naturalist and mountaineer famous for his explorations of the Coast Mountains with his wife Phyllis, and especially for the exploration of the Waddington Range. 
Early life.
Don Munday was born and educated in Portage la Prairie and moved to Vancouver with his family in 1909. In World War I he served in France with the 47th Battalion.
Marriage.
Don met Phyllis in 1918. While on a mountaineering trip an incident occurred which, in Don's words, "lends itself readily to being given a romantic aspect." Don lost his footing on a glacial moraine, and was in danger of slipping into a crevasse. Phyllis jumped to help him restore his balance, and in so doing lost hers. Don managed to grab and steady her until she could regain her feet.
They married in February 1920, spending their honeymoon in a cabin on Dam Mountain near Vancouver. Their daughter, Edith was born in 1921, and at 11 weeks she was carried to the top of Crown Mountain.
From 1923 to 1926 the Mundays lived in a tent, and then a cabin on Grouse Mountain where Don worked cutting a trail from Lonsdale Avenue in North Vancouver to the summit, while Phyllis ran the Alpine Lodge, serving hot drinks and meals to hikers.
Discovery of the Waddington Range.
In 1925, while on a trip to Mount Arrowsmith, Vancouver Island, Don and Phyllis Munday spotted what they believed to be a peak taller than Mount Robson, the then accepted tallest peak entirely within British Columbia. In the words of Don Munday
"The compass showed the alluring peak stood along a line passing a little east of Bute Inlet and perhaps 150 miles away, where blank spaces on the map left ample room for many nameless mountains." While there is some debate as to weather the peak they saw was indeed Mount Waddington (in fact Don Munday himself observed that the feat is impossible, they almost certainly saw a peak in the Waddington Range, and this led the Mundays to explore the area, and discover the mountain in fact.
Over the next decade, the Mundays mounted several expeditions into the area in an attempt to climb the mountain. Known to them as "The Mystery Mountain", in 1927 the height was measured at 13,260 feet (by triangulation), and the Canadian Geographic Board gave it the name Mount Waddington after Alfred Waddington who was a proponent of a railway through the Homathko River valley. They reached the lower northwest summit in 1928, deeming the main summit too risky.

</doc>
<doc id="9661361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661361" title="Pardners">
Pardners

Pardners is a movie starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis and was released on July 25, 1956 by Paramount Pictures.
Plot.
Masked raiders led by Sam Hollis attack the "K" Ranch, where owner Wade Kingsley and partner Slim Mosley bravely defend their property after Matilda Kingsley and infant son Wade Jr. safely return east to New York, her hometown. Wade and Slim (played by Martin and Lewis) are murdered, but vow before they die that their sons someday will avenge them.
Many years later, the wealthy Matilda receives a visit from her niece Carol and cowboy Slim Mosley, Jr. (Dean Martin again), who has come to New York City to compete in a rodeo. They intend to use Slim's earnings to buy a prized bull called Cuddles and take him back west to replenish the K Ranch's stock. 
Sweet but inept Wade, Jr. (Jerry Lewis again) has always wanted to be a cowboy. He goes to the rodeo, where his bungling interference costs Slim first prize. To make amends, Wade buys the bull for Slim and accompanies them back west by train.
After a while, Slim warms up to Wade and agrees to become partners, like their dads. Out west, to keep townsfolk from mocking the tenderfoot, Slim decides to introduce Wade to one and all as "Killer Jones," a tough hombre. Due to his heroic actions in stopping a runaway stagecoach, with Slim performing the actual heroics, Wade ends up being elected sheriff, impressing dance hall girl Dolly Riley.
Ranch hand Pete Rio is secretly working with banker Dan Hollis, who is every bit as corrupt as his father was. Dan's got his eyes on the K Ranch so he can sell the land to the government, which wants to build a dam. Dan tries proposing marriage to Carol, but she rejects him, so he announces that the bank will begin foreclosure proceedings against the ranch.
In disguise, Wade infiltrates the gang of masked raiders. He is caught and bound to a chair, strapped to sticks of dynamite, and when Slim comes to his rescue, Dan Hollis knocks him cold. All seems lost until the boys manage a last-second escape. Dan is dealt with accordingly, after which the pardners and their romantic partners celebrate their success.
Production.
The film was made from November 21, 1955 through January 28, 1956. It is loosely based on a 1936 Bing Crosby film, "Rhythm on the Range", which was also directed by Norman Taurog, and it was filmed under the working title of "Where Men are Men". During production, Lewis filmed a documentary in 16mm.
During the weeks "Pardners" was being filmed, rumors abounded about the impending demise of the Martin and Lewis partnership. So when "The End" title appears on the screen, Dean and Jerry address the audience and exclaim: "We're not ready for 'The End' yet!" Then they shoot the letters off the screen with their six-guns. The stars continue to address the audience, addressing one another as "Dean" and "Jer," insisting how much they enjoy making pictures for everybody.
Re-release.
This film was re-released in 1965 on a double bill with another Martin and Lewis film, "Living It Up".
Partnership.
The same day that this film was released to theaters, Martin and Lewis made their last performance together as a team, at New York's Copacabana.
DVD release.
"Pardners" was included on a five-film DVD set, the "Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis Collection: Volume Two", released on June 5, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9661371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661371" title="Empress Xiao (Sui dynasty)">
Empress Xiao (Sui dynasty)

Empress Xiao (蕭皇后, personal name unknown) (566? – 17 April 648), formally Empress Min (愍皇后, literally "the suffering empress"), was an empress of the Chinese Sui Dynasty. Her husband was Emperor Yang of Sui.
Background.
The future Empress Xiao was born into the imperial house of the Liang Dynasty – as a daughter of Emperor Ming of Western Liang, who claimed the Liang throne as a vassal of Northern Zhou and then Sui. She was born in the second month of the lunar calendar, and at that time, the superstitious Emperor Ming believed birth in that month to be an indicator of ill fortune. She was therefore given to her uncle Xiao Ji (蕭岌) the Prince of Dongping to be raised, but Xiao Ji and his wife both soon died. (As Xiao Ji died in 566, she was probably born in 566, but could have been born earlier.) She was instead raised by her maternal uncle Zhang Ke (張軻). As Zhang was poor, she had to participate in labor, and she willingly did so. In 582, Emperor Wen of Sui, because Emperor Ming had supported him during Northern Zhou's civil war in 580 against the general Yuchi Jiong, wanted to take one of Emperor Ming's daughters to be the wife of his son Yang Guang the Prince of Jin. Emperor Ming had fortunetellers discern whether any of his daughters was suitable, but the fortunetellers ruled that none was suitable. Emperor Ming then welcomed her back from Zhang's house, and the fortunetellers found her to be suitable, and so she was given to Yang Guang in marriage. She thereafter carried the title of Princess of Jin.
As princess and crown princess.
Princess Xiao was said to be meek and intelligent, and she was talented both in reading text and in fortunetelling. Emperor Wen was pleased with her, and Yang Guang favored and respected her. Further, in order to please his mother Empress Dugu Qieluo, who disfavored men who had concubines, Yang Guang, while having some concubines, pretended to have none beside Princess Xiao, and as part of his elaborate attempt to appear both filially pious and frugal, when Empress Dugu's servant girls arrived at Yang Guang's defense post at Yang Province (揚州, roughly modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu) to deliver messages to and from Empress Dugu, Yang Guang would have the servant girls stay with Princess Xiao despite their inferior status. Eventually, Emperor Wen deposed Yang Guang's older brother Yang Yong (whose faults, in his parents' eyes, were wastefulness (which displeased Emperor Wen) and having many concubines (which displeased Empress Dugu)) from his position as crown prince in 600 and created Yang Guang crown prince to replace him. Thereafter, Princess Xiao carried the title of crown princess. She and Yang Guang had two sons together – Yang Zhao and Yang Jian (note different character than Emperor Wen, whose name is also rendered "Yang Jian" in pinyin); it is likely that Yang Guang's only known daughter, the later Princess Nanyang, was also her daughter. (Yang Guang's third and final son, Yang Gao, was born of a Consort Xiao, who might have been a sister of hers.)
As empress.
Emperor Wen died in 604—a death that traditional historians generally believe was a murder ordered by Yang Guang, although they admit a lack of direct evidence—and Yang Guang took the throne as Emperor Yang. In 605, he created Crown Princess Xiao empress. He soon turned away from the virtuous living style he engaged in to please his parents, and he lived luxuriously, with tens of thousands of women filling his palaces. He still maintained respect for Empress Xiao, and he made many of her relatives, including her older brother Xiao Cong the Duke of Liang (Western Liang's final emperor) officials in his government. However, Yang Zhao, who became crown prince, died in 606, and Yang Jian lost Emperor Yang's favor in 608 over his use of witchcraft against Yang Zhao's sons. Empress Xiao often accompanied Emperor Yang on his tours around the empire, and she saw that he had lost his virtues. She wrote a circumspect poem to try to get Emperor Yang to change his ways, but he either did not realize that was her intent, or simply ignored the poem.
In 607, when Emperor Yang visited the submissive Qimin Khan, Ashina Rangan, of Tujue, Empress Xiao accompanied him, and she personally visited the tent of Ashina Rangan's wife Princess Yicheng, who was a daughter of a Yang clansman. In 615, when Emperor Yang and Empress Xiao were at the border city of Yanmen (雁門, in modern Xinzhou, Shanxi) and Ashina Rangan's son and successor Shibi Khan Ashina Duojishi made a surprise attack on Yanmen, putting it under siege, it was Empress Xiao's brother Xiao Yu who suggested seeking help from Princess Yicheng (who had, pursuant to Tujue customs, married Ashina Duojishi), who subsequently gave Ashina Duojishi a false report that Tujue was under attack from the north, but subsequently, rather than listening to Xiao Yu's advice to end his campaigns against Goguryeo, Emperor Yang expelled Xiao Yu from his court.
By 618, with virtually entire empire engulfed in warfare from the rebellions against her husband's rule, Empress Xiao was with her husband at Jiangdu (江都), the capital of Yang Province. They were protected (as he believed) by the elite Xiaoguo Army (驍果). However, by this point, even the Xiaoguo soldiers were plotting rebellion, as they missed their families in the north. When a lady in waiting reported the plot to Empress Xiao, she told the lady in waiting, "I will let you report it to the emperor." Emperor Yang, not willing to hear any bad news, however, instead executed the lady in waiting. Later, when other ladies in waiting wanted to report on the plot, Empress Xiao advised them against it, reasoning that there was nothing left that could save the dynasty. Soon, a plot led by the general Yuwen Huaji came to fruition, and Emperor Yang, along with his sons Yang Jian and Yang Gao and grandson Yang Tan the Prince of Yan were killed. Empress Xiao and her ladies in waiting wrapped him in a mat and made caskets for both Emperor Yang and Yang Gao.
After Emperor Yang's death.
Yuwen Huaji declared Emperor Yang's nephew Yang Hao the Prince of Qin emperor, and then abandoned Jiangdu and headed back north, taking Empress Xiao and her ladies in waiting north. He was not a good commander or governor, however, and his campaign north suffered constant defections and defeats. By fall 618, he was in a desperate situation, and deciding to become emperor before final defeat, he poisoned Yang Hao and declared a new state of Xu with himself as emperor. 
In 619, Yuwen Huaji was captured and executed by one of the rebel leaders, Dou Jiande the Prince of Xia. Dou treated Empress Xiao with kindness and respect while giving a proper mourning for Emperor Yang. Subsequently, the Princess Yicheng requested that Dou send Empress Xiao to her, and Dou did so, along with Emperor Yang's daughter Princess Nanyang and the head of Yuwen Huaji. An emissary was sent to welcome her and the former Empress traveled to Tujue, North of the Great Wall. While she was in Tujue, one of Yang Jian's consorts gave birth to a posthumous son, Yang Zhengdao (楊政道), whom she raised, and whom Ashina Duojishi subsequently created the Prince of Sui, assigning to him as his subjects the refugees from Sui. She went to live in Dingxiang. During the years, Tujue's khans continued to use Yang Zhengdao as a magnet to attract the people to surrender, in competition to Tang Dynasty, established by the Sui general Li Yuan (Emperor Gaozu).
In 630, when Emperor Gaozu's son Emperor Taizong of Tang sent the general Li Jing to attack Tujue's Jiali Khan Ashina Duobi, Ashina Duobi's associate Kangsumi (康蘇密) surrendered to Li Jing, taking Empress Xiao and Yang Zhengdao with him. Emperor Taizong's official Yang Wenguan (楊文瓘) wanted to have Empress Xiao interrogated as to whether any Tang officials had been secretly in communication with her, but Emperor Taizong refused and instead treated her with respect. Yang Zhengdao was given an honorific official post. As Empress Xiao's brother Xiao Yu was an important official under both Emperors Gaozu and Taizong, she maintained some degree of honor at the Tang capital Chang'an, and she was subsequently in charge of Emperor Yang's reburial with honor. She died on 17 April 648 in Chang'an and was buried with honors due an empress, at Jiangdu with Emperor Yang.

</doc>
<doc id="9661414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661414" title="Arbeidernes Leksikon">
Arbeidernes Leksikon

Arbeidernes Leksikon ("the Laborers' Encyclopedia") is a Norwegian encyclopedia published in six volumes in the 1930s.
It was the first reference book in Norwegian to have a pronounced class bias, and the first encyclopedia outside of the Soviet Union to be directed specifically at the working class. The publication had a connection with the Norwegian labor movement's goal to spread knowledge among the working and lower class, and in doing so could break the monopoly the middle class had on the dissemination of information in society. They thought that the existing encyclopedias had a middle class bias.
The idea of such an encyclopedia came within the group that produced the laborers' magazine "Arbeidermagasinet". This magazine was produced from 1927 by members of the Communist Party of Norway (founded 1923). Communist Party member Jakob Friis was hired as chief editor of the encyclopedia in 1930. The work was published by the "Arbeidermagasinet"'s publishing company in six volumes from 1932 to 1936. In addition to Jakob Friis, Trond Hegna worked as editor; from the third volume on, Dagfin Juel worked as a co-editor.
The Communist Party was reluctant to the whole project, and the Norwegian Labour Party was negative as well. In April 1933, "Arbeidernes Leksikon" received a grant from the group "Mot Dag", which had formerly been affiliated with the Communist and Labour parties, but now was independent. "Mot Dag" leader Erling Falk was involved with the editorial work.
A selection of articles from the encyclopedia was published in 1974 in a three-volume reprint by the publishing house Pax Forlag. This publishing house also published its own class encyclopedia, "Pax Leksikon".
Portions of the encyclopedia are available online.
List of volumes.
This is a list of the six volumes of the encyclopedia "Arbeidernes Leksikon".

</doc>
<doc id="9661466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661466" title="1991 430 km of Magny-Cours">
1991 430 km of Magny-Cours

The 1991 430 km of Magny-Cours was the sixth round of the 1991 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours, France. It took place on September 15, 1991.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 90% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="9661470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661470" title="Franklin A. Hart">
Franklin A. Hart

General Franklin Augustus Hart (September 16, 1894–June 22, 1967) was a four-star general in the United States Marine Corps who served more than thirty-seven years. His varied and colorful career included service during the two World Wars, sea duty aboard several ships of the Navy, and tours in Haiti, Nicaragua, and the Dominican Republic.
During World War II, General Hart was awarded the Navy Cross while commanding the 24th Marines in the assault and capture of Roi-Namur Island, Kwajalein Atoll, and was awarded the Legion of Merit while leading the Regiment in the battles for Saipan and Tinian in the Marianas Islands. As Assistant Division Commander, Fourth Marine Division, during the assault at Iwo Jima, he was awarded the Bronze Star .
His citation for the Navy Cross reads in part, "Landing when the assault troops had advanced only one hundred yards from the beach, Colonel Hart fearlessly led his combat team against heavy enemy resistance in a crushing attack toward its first objective."
"After repelling numerous counter attacks during the night, he skillfully reorganized his depleted units and affected a coordinated assault the next morning, rapidly overcoming all remaining opposition, and exterminating a large force of determined and fanatical Japanese."
"By his valiant performance of duty and outstanding leadership throughout this perilous assignment, Colonel Hart inspired all with whom he served."
Biography.
Franklin A. Hart was born on 16 September 1894 in Cuthbert, Georgia, and is a native resident of Eufaula, Alabama. He attended Alabama Polytechnic Institute (now Auburn University), graduating in the class of 1915. He participated in sports at Auburn — he was a member of the varsity football team, varsity track team, and varsity soccer team from 1911 to 1914.
On April 6, 1917, he was appointed a second lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps, and four months later was appointed to the rank of first lieutenant. After completing a course of instruction at the Marine Officers School, Norfolk, Virginia, he was ordered to sea duty as Commanding Officer of the Marine Detachment aboard the . He was promoted to the rank of captain in October 1917.
World War I.
In September 1918, Hart was transferred from sea duty, and in October 1918, he sailed for France as Commanding Officer, Company "B", Machine Gun Battalion, Fifth Brigade. He returned to the United States in July 1919, and was assigned to the Marine Barracks, Quantico, Virginia.
Between World Wars.
Two months later, the General was again ordered to foreign shore duty, this time to the Dominican Republic where he was assigned duty with the Guardia Nacional Dominicans, as District Commander of Santo Domingo (then Ciudad Trujillo). He returned to the United States in 1921, and in December of that year was assigned as Commanding Officer, 77th Machine Gun Company, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines, at Marine Barracks, Quantico, Virginia. In October 1922, he was transferred to the Marine Barracks, Washington, D.C., where he served as adjutant and other related duties.
In October 1923, he was assigned to the Army Infantry School, Fort Benning, Georgia, as a student. Graduating in May of the following year, he was ordered to the Marine Barracks, Philadelphia, where he became an instructor at the Marine Corps Basic School.
His second tour of sea duty came in June 1926, when he took command of the Marine Detachment aboard the . In January 1927, he assumed command of the Detachment aboard the USS "Rochester" (CA-1), and the following month, was assigned similar duties aboard the . The Detachment served ashore with a landing force in Nicaragua for the next five months.
From June 1927, until July of the following year, Hart again commanded the Marine Detachment aboard the USS "Rochester". During the latter six months of this tour, he again served ashore in Nicaragua until August 1928 when he returned to the United States.
From 1928 to 1930, Hart was stationed successively at the Marine Barracks, Norfolk, as Executive Officer, and the Marine Barracks, Quantico. At the latter post, he served as an instructor at the Company Officers Course, Marine Corps Schools.
He returned to foreign shore duty in August 1930, and joined the Constabulary Detachment, Garde d'Haiti, Gonsaieves, Haiti, where he served as a company commander and district commander. In May 1933, he was named Assistant Chief of Staff, Garde d'Haiti, Headquarters, Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
Returning to the United States in July 1934, he was assigned to the Senior Course, Marine Corps Schools, Quantico, as a student. He was promoted to the rank of major as of 29 May 1934, and successfully completed the Senior Course in May 1935.
In June 1935, he reported to duty at Headquarters Marine Corps, Washington, D.C., where he performed duties in the War Plans Section, Division of Operations and Training. He was appointed a lieutenant colonel, in July 1936, and in October 1937, he became Officer in Charge, War Plans Section.
Hart's next assignment was to the Army War College, Washington, D.C. Graduating in June 1939, he was ordered to the Marine Corps Base, San Diego, California, where he became Chief of the Planning Section. In July 1940, he was named Commanding Officer, 1st Battalion 8th Marines, 2nd Marine Division.
World War II.
He went to England in June 1941, where he was attached to the American Embassy in London as Assistant Naval Attaché. In September of the same year, he assumed duties as Special Naval Observer and additional duty on the staff of the Chief, Combined Operations (British) as an instructor in amphibious warfare, and was appointed to the rank of colonel in December 1941. In July 1942, Hart participated in the Dieppe Operation, for which he was specially commended for outstanding conduct by Lord Louis Mountbatten, Chief of Combined Operations. He remained in England until October 1942, when he returned to the United States to become a member of the Staff of the Commander-in-chief, U.S. Fleet, Navy Department, Washington, D.C., as Chief, Future Plans Section.
In June 1943, Colonel Hart was ordered to the 4th Marine Division where he assumed command of the 24th Marine Regiment. During the following year he led the Regiment in the attack on Roi-Namur, Kwajalein Atoll, Marshall Islands, where he was awarded the Navy Cross, and the assault on Saipan and Tinian and the Marianas Islands where he was awarded the Legion of Merit.
Appointed a Brigadier General in August 1944, he served as Assistant Division Commander of the 4th Marine Division, until late 1945, and in this capacity participated in the Battle of Iwo Jima, where he was awarded the Bronze Star .
Final posts.
He returned to the United States in September 1945, and assumed duties as Director, Division of Reserve, Headquarters, Marine Corps, Washington, D.C. In January 1946, he became Director, Division of Public Information and in July, Director of Personnel.
In October 1946, he went to the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, South Carolina, as Commanding General of the Post. Appointed a Major General in December 1946, the General remained at that post until assigned duties as Commanding General of the Second Marine Division, with additional duties as Commanding General, Marine Barracks, Camp Lejeune, North Carolina on 31 January 1948.
He was named Commandant of the Marine Corps Schools at Quantico, Virginia, in July 1950, and was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general in February of the following year. He became Commanding General, Fleet Marine Force, Pacific, in January 1952.
He retired in August 1954 after 37 years of Marine Corps service and was advanced to the rank of general.
General Franklin Hart died on June 22, 1967 at the U.S. Naval Hospital, Bethesda, Maryland and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery.
Awards and decorations.
Hart's awards include: 

</doc>
<doc id="9661489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661489" title="David Widdicombe">
David Widdicombe

David Widdicombe (born in Toronto) is a Canadian filmmaker and playwright. His most successful work is "Santa Baby" (2006), which he directed and wrote.
"Santa Baby" won Best Film Comedy at the 2006 Los Angeles International Short Film Festival and was named Best Screenplay at the Worldwide Short Film Festival in Toronto.
He is a graduate of the Canadian Film Centre and has been nominated for the Norman Jewison Award for Directing.
Widdicombe's stage plays include "The River Lady" (Winner of the National Playwrighting Competition,) Dinosaur Dreams, Swamp Baby & Other Tales, and Wake (named one of the top ten plays at the 2000 Edinburgh Festival Fringe).
In 2001, his play Science Fiction won the Prix Aurora Award and was nominated for four Dora Mavor Moore Awards including Outstanding New Play.
He has been playwright-in-residence at Toronto's Factory Theatre.
Widdicombe has written many radio dramas for the CBC including "Last of the Great Rock Legends" and "The Pet".

</doc>
<doc id="9661551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661551" title="Canton High School (Connecticut)">
Canton High School (Connecticut)

Canton High School is a secondary school for grades 9-12 located in Canton, Connecticut. Its enrollment is 515 as of 2013. The Canton Warriors are part of the North Central Connecticut Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="9661621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661621" title="Leonard Russell (journalist)">
Leonard Russell (journalist)

Leonard Russell - English journalist and satirist, best known for editing "Press Gang! Crazy World Chronicle" (London 1937), a collection of satiricle articles, supposedly real articles from British newspapers. Contributors included Russell, Cyril Connolly, Hilaire Belloc, Ronald Knox and A. G. Macdonnell. 
The most memorable article is by Cyril Connolly entitled 'Where Engels Fears to Tread', a mock book review which paints a brilliantly comic portrait of Brian Howard.

</doc>
<doc id="9661629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661629" title="Philip Cheng">
Philip Cheng

Philip Cheng Cheong-tat (; March 28, 1980-September 26, 2000), was one of the most promising apprentice jockeys from Hong Kong in recent years. He had 25 winners in his short career and was second among apprentices with 16 wins in the 1999-2000 season.
In the summer of 2000, Cheng spent the summer in Great Britain for trainer Gary Moore, and finished second in an apprentices' race at Epsom.
On September 23, 2000, he was kicked in the head and chest area by his mount My Fourth Wishes (如我所願) after it had stumbled, and would succumb to his injuries in hospital three days later.
Cheng's death was the second in the Hong Kong racing scene in 19 months, following Willy Kan's death in March 1999.
Philip Cheng's death shocked the world. He was the subject of a Hot Water Sex Bottle song entitled "Philip Cheng Cheong, Why'd You Leave Hong Kong?". (2008)

</doc>
<doc id="9661663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661663" title="It's a Bird">
It's a Bird

"It's a Bird" is a graphic novel released by Vertigo in 2004. It was written by Steven T. Seagle, with art by Teddy Kristiansen.
Overview.
It is an autobiographical book, chronicling Seagle's thoughts as he tries to work out a new approach to one of the world's most popular characters, Superman. The book deals with the presence of Huntington's Disease in Seagle's family, the implications of this disease on family dynamics, and the apparent contradictions in the character of Superman.
An example of one of these contradictions is in Superman's relationship with those he protects. In this book, Seagle makes mention of Superman's role as protector of the people, but he sees this more as an example of imposing a lifestyle on people against their will, something more akin to fascism. Other meditations on Superman include his approach to power, justice, alienation, and escape.
The book, while discussing the changing understanding of Superman and his implications in the modern world, also begins to re-imagine these implications. It advances a fresh understanding of what being "super" really means.
The topic of Huntington's Disease also figures prominently in the story, and is closely autobiographical to Seagle's own family life. The book depicts how someone with a mysterious disease in their family might respond to changes in their health or the health of their loved ones. The novel draws parallels between the "alien" nature of Huntington's and Superman's alien origins and impact on earth. But Seagle also depicts the need to accept something, regardless of whether we understand it or not.
Teddy Kristiansen won an Eisner Award for his work on "It's a Bird" in 2005, in the category of Best Painter/Multimedia Artist (Interior).

</doc>
<doc id="9661697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661697" title="Beretta Xtrema 2">
Beretta Xtrema 2

The Beretta AL391-Xtrema2 is a semi-automatic shotgun developed and produced by Italian firearm manufacturer Beretta. It is used by hunters and target shooters, mainly in the United States. The shotgun is commonly referred to simply as the Xtrema2. The shotgun is found in several variants, depending on barrel length, barrel type, and factory-installed camouflage exterior.
Overview.
The Xtrema was released in mid-2004, to answer the call from hunters and target shooters for a complete do-all shotgun. Beretta’s goal was to produce a shotgun that could reliably fire 2¾” loaded with light target loads all the way through the 3½” super magnum round without any modification or settings to be dealt with. They decided to take the AL391-Xtrema, and update it to fit their needs. They also wanted to add as many recoil reduction features as possible to the shotgun to increase follow-up shot accuracy while target shooting and hunting.
Technical advantages.
The Xtrema2 had several features that were designed to increase accuracy and reliability. For one, Beretta decided to strip away as many o-rings and springs as possible for less chance of wear, and also to make easier for the weapon to be field stripped without the accidental loss of parts. They chose to go with a gas-operated action instead of inertia-driven action.
Another advantage is in the over-bored barrel design, which reduces muzzle jump and also improves shot-patterns.
Beretta also redesigned their stock choke system by increasing the length of the choke inside the barrel for a more gradual constriction, without having to add to the length of the barrel like after-market choke tubes do.
They then also chose to take the time-proven technology of hydraulic shock absorption from car-manufactures and put it in the gun’s stock for up to 44% felt recoil reduction at the shoulder.
Beretta also saw the need for the gun to be protected from the elements so as to protect the gun in harsh hunting conditions such as water-fowl hunting, where salt spray can damage a gun within hours. Beretta’s answer to this need was to coat the gun’s working parts in a micro-thin membrane which completely protects the metal (which are not made from stainless steel, chromium, or aluminum) from corrosion while out in the field.
Other improvements include an extra long barrel tang (the part of the barrel that fits into the receiver, and is actually behind the chamber) to more accurately fix the barrel to the receiver in order to increase accuracy when using slugs with a scope fixed to the receiver.
Stock spacers are also available to change the length of pull without major modification.

</doc>
<doc id="9661780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661780" title="TRPV1">
TRPV1

The transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TrpV1), also known as the capsaicin receptor and the vanilloid receptor 1, is a protein that, in humans, is encoded by the "TRPV1" gene. It was the first isolated member of the transient receptor potential vanilloid receptor proteins that in turn are a sub-family of the transient receptor potential protein group. This protein is a member of the TRPV group of transient receptor potential family of ion channels.
The function of TRPV1 is detection and regulation of body temperature. In addition, TRPV1 provides sensation of scalding heat and pain (nociception).
Function.
TRPV1 is a nonselective cation channel that may be activated by a wide variety of exogenous and endogenous physical and chemical stimuli. The best-known activators of TRPV1 are: temperature greater than ; acidic conditions; capsaicin, the irritating compound in hot chilli peppers; allyl isothiocyanate, the pungent compound in mustard and wasabi. The activation of TRPV1 leads to a painful, burning sensation. Its endogenous activators include: low pH (acidic conditions), the endocannabinoid anandamide, and N-arachidonoyl-dopamine. TRPV1 receptors are found mainly in the nociceptive neurons of the peripheral nervous system, but they have also been described in many other tissues, including the central nervous system. TRPV1 is involved in the transmission and modulation of pain (nociception), as well as the integration of diverse painful stimuli.
Sensitization.
The sensitivity of TRPV1 to noxious stimuli, such as high temperatures, is not static. Upon tissue damage and the consequent inflammation, a number of inflammatory mediators, such as various prostaglandins and bradykinin, are released. These agents increase the sensitivity of nociceptors to noxious stimuli. This manifests as an increased sensitivity to painful stimuli (hyperalgesia) or pain sensation in response to non-painful stimuli (allodynia). Most sensitizing pro-inflammatory agents activate the phospholipase C pathway. Phosphorylation of TRPV1 by protein kinase C have been shown to play a role in sensitization of TRPV1. The cleavage of PIP2 by PLC-beta can result in disinhibiton of TRPV1 and, as a consequence, contribute to the sensitivity of TRPV1 to noxious stimuli.
Desensitization.
Upon prolonged exposure to capsaicin, TRPV1 activity decreases, a phenomenon called "desensitization". Extracellular calcium ions are required for this phenomenon, thus influx of calcium and the consequential increase of intracellular calcium mediate this effect. Various signaling pathways such as calmodulin and calcineurin, and the decrease of PIP2, have been implicated in desensitization of TRPV1. Desensitization of TRPV1 is thought to underlie the paradoxical analgesic effect of capsaicin.
Clinical significance.
Peripheral nervous system.
Treatment of pain is an unmet medical need costing billions of dollars every year. As a result of its involvement in nociception, TRPV1 has been a prime target for the development of novel pain reducers (analgesics). Two major strategies have been used:
Antagonists.
Antagonists block TRPV1 activity, thus reducing pain. Identified antagonists include the competitive antagonist capsazepine and the non-competitive antagonist ruthenium red. These agents could be useful when applied systemically. Numerous TRPV1 antagonists have been developed by pharmaceutical companies. TRPV1 antagonists have shown efficacy in reducing nociception from inflammatory and neuropathic pain models in rats. This provides evidence that TRPV1 is capsaicin's sole receptor. 
In humans, drugs acting at TRPV1 receptors could be used to treat neuropathic pain associated with multiple sclerosis, chemotherapy, or amputation, as well as pain associated with the inflammatory response of damaged tissue, such as in osteoarthritis.
The major roadblock for the usefulness of these drugs is their effect on body temperature (hyperthermia). 
The role of TRPV1 in the regulation of body temperature has emerged in the last few years. Based on a number of TRPV-selective antagonists' causing an increase in body temperature (hyperthermia), it was proposed that TRPV1 is tonically active in vivo and regulates body temperature by telling the body to "cool itself down". Without these signals, the body overheats. Likewise, this explains the propensity of capsaicin (a TRPV1 agonist) to cause sweating (i.e.: a signal to reduce body temperature). In a recent report, it was found that tonically active TRPV1 channels are present in the viscera and keep an ongoing suppressive effect on body temperature. Recently, it was proposed that predominant function of TRPV1 is body temperature maintenance Experiments have shown that TRPV1 blockade increases body temperature in multiple species, including rodents and humans, suggesting that TRPV1 is involved in body temperature maintenance. Recently, AMG 517, a highly selective TRPV1 antagonist was dropped out of clinical trials due to the undesirable level of hyperthermia. A second molecule, SB-705498, was also evaluated in the clinic but its effect on body temperature was not reported. Recently, it was disclosed that clinical trials of two more TRPV1 antagonists, GRC 6211 and NGD 8243, have been stopped. Post translational modification of TRPV1 protein by its phosphorylation is critical for its functionality. Recent reports published from NIH suggest that Cdk5-mediated phosphorylation of TRPV1 is required for its ligand-induced channel opening.
Agonists.
Agonists such as capsaicin and resiniferatoxin activate TRPV1 and, upon prolonged application, TRPV1 activity would decrease (desensitization), leading to alleviation of pain. Agonists can be applied locally to the painful area as through a patch or an ointment. Numerous capsaicin-containing creams are available over the counter, containing low concentrations of capsaicin (0.025 - 0.075%). It is debated whether these preparations actually lead to TRPV1 desensitization; it is possible that they act via counter-irritation. Novel preparations containing higher capsaicin concentration (up to 10%) are under clinical trials. 8% capsaicin patches have recently become available for clinical use, with supporting evidence demonstrating that a 30-minute treatment can provide up to 3 months analgesia by causing regression of TRPV1-containing neurons in the skin.
Cannabinoids.
The endocannabinoid anandamide has also been shown to act on TRPV1 receptors.
N-Arachidonoyl dopamine, another endocannabinoid found in the human CNS, structurally similar to capsaicin, activates the TRPV1 channel with an EC50 of approximately of 50 nM. The high potency makes it the putative endogenous TRPV1 agonist.
AM404—an active metabolite of paracetamol—that serves as an anandamide reuptake inhibitor and COX inhibitor also serves as a potent TRPV1 agonist.
The plant-biosynthesized cannabinoid cannabidiol also shows "either direct or indirect activation" of TRPV1 receptors.
Central nervous system.
TRPV1 is also expressed at high levels in the central nervous system and has been proposed as a target for treatment not only of pain but also for other conditions such as anxiety.
Furthermore, TRPV1 appears to mediate long-term depression (LTD) in the hippocampus. LTD has been linked to a decrease in the ability to make new memories, unlike its opposite long-term potentiation (LTP), which aids in memory formation. A dynamic pattern of LTD and LTP occurring at many synapses provides a code for memory formation. Long-term depression and subsequent pruning of synapses with reduced activity is an important aspect of memory formation. In rat brain slices, activation of TRPV1 with heat or capsaicin induced LTD while capsazepine blocked capsaicin's ability to induce LTD. In the brainstem (solitary tract nucleus), TRPV1 controls the asynchronous and spontaneous release of glutamate from unmyelinated cranial visceral afferents - release processes that are active at normal temperatures and hence quite distinct from TRPV1 responses in painful heat. Hence, there may be therapeutic potential in modulating TRPV1 in the central nervous system, perhaps as a treatment for epilepsy (TRPV1 is already a target in the peripheral nervous system for pain relief).
Protein engineering.
An example of modularity and that allow protein engineering is the heat activation domain. TRPV proteins are activated by heat on the C-terminus, while TRPM proteins are activated by cold temperatures (<) in the same location. Exchanging the C-terminals for each other, could then activate these proteins at different than normal temperatures. Chemical genetics has also been used to introduce TRPV1 into cells that do not normally express it. When capsaicin is added, those cells are then activated by the influx of calcium. This system is not as fast as other controls, such as optogenetics, but remains an important mechanism of spatial and temporal control. This method of control can be applied to a variety of systems and cells, and will most likely be expanded and improved in the near future.
The aforementioned capsaicin-activated TRPV1 model allows for transient, reversible, and sensitive control of neurons. Even before the TRPV1 ion channel was identified, capsaicin has been used to conditionally activate nociceptors to study brain circuitry. Recently, embryonic stem cell technology and chemical genetics have allowed for the production of mice genetically engineered to express TRPV1 upon Cre recombinase-mediated recombination in non-nociceptive neurons. Upon treatment with a lentiviral vector engineered to express Cre, TRPV1 is expressed and consequently, treatment with capsaicin results in the production of inward currents in the targeted neurons. No capsaicin-induced currents are observed in TRPV1-expressing non-virally treated mice.
Breeding the TRPV1-expressing mice with mice expressing a transgenic nestin-Cre promoter yields a population of offspring that express both TRPV1 and Cre. Upon infusion with capsaicin, these mice exhibit capsaicin-induced action potential firings. As expected by the researchers, the offspring that express only TRPV1 show no response to capsaicin. It was further shown that this model can be reproduced in other types of neurons, generating similar results. Also, it can be used in vitro or in vivo to show the effects of capsaicin treatment in awake TRPV1-Cre-expressing mice. This technology provides another system in which mammalian circuitry may be studied, especially because it may be used to activate structures inaccessible to light, which are impossible to examine using optogenetic techniques.
Interactions.
TRPV1 has been shown to interact with:
Discovery.
The dorsal root ganglion (DRG) neurons of mammals were known to express a heat-sensitive ion channel that could be activated by capsaicin. The research group of David Julius, therefore, created a cDNA library of genes expressed in dorsal root ganglion neurons, expressed the clones in HEK 293 cells, and looked for cells that respond to capsaicin with calcium influx (which HEK-293 normally not do). After several rounds of screening and dividing the library, a single clone encoding the TRPV1 channel was finally identified in 1997. It was the first TRPV channel to be identified.

</doc>
<doc id="9661790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661790" title="Notorious (TV series)">
Notorious (TV series)

Notorious is an American documentary television series that profiles the lives of infamous individuals in history. The series airs on "The Biography Channel". 
Most episodes of Notorious are rehashes of the similar TV Series "American Justice" and "Mobsters", both series that were originally broadcast on "Biography Channel's" sister channel, "A&E Network". The only differences are the intro of the episodes and the lead-in's after commercials. Besides this, the rehashed episodes are no different in any way.

</doc>
<doc id="9661840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661840" title="Symphony No. 2 (Nielsen)">
Symphony No. 2 (Nielsen)

Symphony No. 2 "De fire Temperamenter", "The Four Temperaments", Op. 16, FS 29 is the second symphony by Danish composer Carl Nielsen, written in 1901–1902 and dedicated to Ferruccio Busoni. It was first performed in 1 December 1902 for the Danish Concert Association, with Nielsen himself conducting. As indicated in the subtitle, each of its four movements is a musical sketch of a humor of the four temperaments: choleric, phlegmatic, melancholic, and sanguine. Despite its apparent concept of program music, the work is a fully integrated symphony in traditional symphonic structure.
Background.
Nielsen began on the Second Symphony while the work on his first opera, Saul and David was still in progress. The first movement was finished on 28 December 1901 but after this the composition made slow progress. The composer only finished his work at the last moment. The fourth movement has is dated 22 November 1902, just a week before the first performance.
Nielsen himself describes the background to the symphony in a programme note for a performance at the Konsertföreningen (Concert Society) in Stockholm shortly before he died in 1931.
Music.
Its movements and their respective temperament illustrated are as followed:
The composer's inspiration for the symphony came from a four-part comical picture of "the temperaments" in a village pub in Zealand during a visit with his wife and friends. In his account of the symphony (quoted in full in ), Nielsen gave a detailed outline of his vision for each temperament in each of the four movements. For example, in the phlegmatic temperament of the second movement, the composer visualized a young teenager who is loved by all:
His real inclination was to lie where the birds sing, where the fish glide noiselessly through the water, where the sun warms and the wind strokes mildly round one's curls. He was fair; his expression was rather happy, but not self-complacent, rather with a hint of quiet melancholy, so that one felt impelled to be good to him... I have never seen him dance; he wasn't active enough for that, though he might easily have got the idea to swing himself in a gentle slow waltz rhythm, so I have used that for the movement, "Allegro comodo e flemmatico", and tried to stick to one mood, as far away as possible from energy, emotionalism, and such things.
Whereas the finale symbolizes a cheerful man:
I have tried to sketch a man who storms thoughtlessly forward in the belief that the whole world belongs to him, that fried pigeons will fly into his mouth without work or bother. There is, though, a moment in which something scares him, and he gasps all at once for breath in rough syncopations: but this is soon forgotten, and even if the music turns to minor, his cheery, rather superficial nature still asserts itself.
Progressive tonality is demonstrated in the symphony; the first three movements are in descending thirds: B minor, G major, and E flat minor, and the final movement springs out the D major chord. The second symphony, as in the first, still belongs to the tradition of Brahms and Dvořák, but more compact and concentrated with simple but powerful finishing by an A major march.
Reception.
Nielsen himself conducted the first performance of The Four Temperaments in a concert at the "Dansk Koncertforening" on 1 December 1902, just three days after he had conducted the premiere of Saul and David at the Royal Theatre. The symphony was well received by the audience, and the press was generally positive. But not all the reviews were good. Writing in "Dannebrog", Leopold Rosenfeld commented: "Carl Nielsen’s new work should, I suppose, rather be called a suite of moods for orchestra than designated as what we
understand by a symphony. But aside from the name, this new work by the highly fêted composer again bears favourable testimony to its author’s uncommon ability to give expression to characteristic sound painting through a considerable orchestral technique. Whether one really dares call these constructed orchestral sounds music is another question again. What is especially captivating about these musical illustrations is the composer’s ability to mix colours, which neglects no opportunity to exercise the listening ear. Sometimes, though,
the colours are very brutal and in their crudeness easily cross the aesthetic line."
In January 1903 Carl Nielsen and Henrik Knudsen were travelling in Germany to stir up interest in the new symphony and in "Saul and David". When in Berlin, they showed the symphony to Ferruccio Busoni whom Nielsen had known since 1891. Busoni took an interest in the work and promised to put it on the programme in the series of concerts of new and rarely heard music that he was giving at this time with the Berlin Philharmonic. It was probably out of gratitude for this that Nielsen dedicated the work to Busoni. On 5 November 1903 the symphony was performed in Berlin, with Nielsen conducting. As Busoni had warned, the work was not very well received.
The symphony did however gain increasing popularity, quickly becoming one of Nielsen’s best loved orchestral works. By 1928, the composer had conducted at least 13 performances in Denmark,
Norway (Christiania and Bergen), Sweden (Gothenburg)
and Germany (Berlin). In 1921, it was also performed in London under Sir Henry Wood and, in 1927, by the Pasdeloup Orchestra in Paris conducted by Frederik Schnedler-Petersen.

</doc>
<doc id="9661850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661850" title="Erling Falk">
Erling Falk

Erling Falk (12 August 1887 – 31 July 1940) was a Norwegian politician, ideologist and writer. He was active in the Norwegian Students' Society, the Norwegian Labour Party and the Communist Party, but is best known as a leading figure in the group "Mot Dag", who issued a periodical of the same name. He also translated "Das Kapital".
Early life and career.
He was born in Hemnesberget as a son of Jonas Cornelius Falk (1844–1915) and Anna Margrethe Middelthon (1857–1924). Falk attended school in Trondheim (1901), Mosjøen (1903) and high school in Stavanger (1905) before he moved to Duluth, Minnesota in 1907. In the United States he undertook varying forms of work and short-lived studies, including working as a land surveyor in Montana and as an accountant for Industrial Workers of the World in Chicago.
Mot Dag.
In 1918 he moved back to Norway, and enrolled at the Royal Frederick University. From 1921 he edited a new periodical called "Mot Dag", which he published together with people he met in a study circle led by Edvard Bull. In addition to Falk, prominent figures in the early "Mot Dag" were Viggo Hansteen, Trond Hegna, Aake Anker Ording and Arne Ording. Sigurd Hoel soon joined the group as editor of "Mot Dag". In 1922 a parallel association, also named "Mot Dag", was established.
Falk had joined Kristiania Arbeidersamfund and the Norwegian Students' Society after moving to Norway, and was also a member of the Norwegian Labour Party. Together with Martin Tranmæl Falk was instrumental in writing the "Kristiania Proposal" in early 1923, which stated that the Labour Party should strive for independency from the Comintern. The Comintern did not take lightly to this, and Falk was present to discuss the issue at the 3rd Enlarged Plenum of Executive Committee of the Communist International in June 1923. The Labour Party resigned from Comintern at its extraordinary national convention in November 1923. At that convention, Falk tried to challenge Tranmæl as editor-in-chief of the party newspaper "Arbeiderbladet", but received few votes in his favor. Falk remained with the Labour Party for some time, but was excluded from the party in 1925. At the same time, the Labour Party disassociated itself with the entire "Mot Dag" group. Falk then formed the group Arbeideropposisjonen, but it too was excluded, and became short-lived.
In 1926 "Mot Dag" and Falk joined the Communist Party. Falk was a member of the party's central board, and had influence in the newspaper "Norges Kommunistblad". He also influenced the founding of the short-lived party Arbeiderklassens Samlingsparti. In 1928 he was a part of the 6th World Congress of the Comintern in Moscow, but Falk and "Mot Dag" left the Communist Party in 1928.
Around the same time Falk also lost influence in the Norwegian Students' Society, due to having embezzled money from a construction fund reserve. Money was among others needed to run the publishing house Fram Forlag. After the Great Depression in 1929, Falk translated Karl Marx's "Das Kapital" to Norwegian, and wrote the book "Hvad er marxisme?" ("What is Marxism?") in 1937. From 1933 he participated in creating the workers' encyclopedia "Arbeidernes Leksikon". However, by the mid-1930s he needed a lighter workload due to declining health. His activity in "Mot Dag" declined from the autumn of 1935, which in part led to the dissolution of "Mot Dag" in June 1936. In contrast to most of the other members he did not rejoin the Labour Party, as the party chose to uphold his exclusion. One day before the German invasion of Norway in April 1940, Falk left the country for Stockholm to undergo brain surgery. He had two surgeries, but died on 31 July 1940. He was buried at Vestre gravlund in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="9661872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661872" title="John Hutton (footballer)">
John Hutton (footballer)

John Hutton (born 28 May 1966) is a former Australian rules football player in the Australian Football League with the Brisbane Bears, Sydney Swans and the Fremantle Football Club.
Taken as #1 pick in the 1991 AFL Draft from the Claremont Football Club in Western Australia, Hutton was touted as being a highly talented full-forward prospect fresh from having completed a West Australian Football League where he won the Bernie Naylor Medal as the league's leading goalkicker with 100 goals.
As a Bear he is best remembered for his role kicking 8 goals in the Bears final game at Carrara Stadium vs Sydney Swans in Round 23, 1992 as well as for wearing a helmet during games for much of his playing career. He also kicked 8 goals against Geelong Football Club in round 7, 1992 to win the Brisbane Bears goalkicking award in 1992. 
Hutton moved to play for Sydney in 1993, but after only kicking 9 goals from five matches he was delisted at the end of the 1993 season.
In 1994, Hutton's career was revived when he was selected by the Fremantle Football Club's inaugural squad as part of the zoning rule to play in their debut 1995 season.
He managed to equal his best haul of 8 goals in Round 6, 1995 vs Sydney Swans, but overall failed to impress. Playing for only one season, Hutton was delisted at the end of 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="9661919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661919" title="1991 430 km of Mexico City">
1991 430 km of Mexico City

The 1991 430 km of Mexico City was the seventh round of the 1991 World Sportscar Championship season, taking place at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez, Mexico. It took place on October 6, 1991.
Official results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 90% of the winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="9661942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661942" title="A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant">
A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant

"A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant" is a satirical musical about Scientology and L. Ron Hubbard, written by Kyle Jarrow from a concept by Alex Timbers, the show's original director. Jarrow based the story of the one-act, one-hour musical on Hubbard's writings and Church of Scientology literature. The musical follows the life of Hubbard as he develops Dianetics and then Scientology. Though the musical pokes fun at Hubbard's science fiction writing and personal beliefs, it has been called a "deadpan presentation" of his life story. Topics explored in the piece include Dianetics, the E-meter, Thetans, and the story of Xenu. The show was originally presented in 2003 in New York City by Les Freres Corbusier, an experimental theater troupe, enjoying sold-out Off-Off-Broadway and Off-Broadway productions. Later productions have included Los Angeles, New York, Boston, Atlanta, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C.
Early in the production of the musical, the president of the Church of Scientology in New York sent a letter to the producer pointing out the Church's history of litigation. This led Timbers and Jarrow to insert the word "Unauthorized" into the title, upon the advice of legal counsel. During the Los Angeles production, representatives of the Church of Scientology visited the production staff in the midst of rehearsals and handed out documentation of successful litigation against critics of Scientology. Parents of some of the Los Angeles cast members also received phone calls from Scientologists in the entertainment industry, asking them not to allow their children to perform in the musical.
"A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant" has been well received. The 2003 New York production received an Obie Award, and director Alex Timbers received a Garland Award for the 2004 Los Angeles production. The musical also received positive reviews in the press. "The New York Times" characterized it as a "cult-hit", and "The Village Voice", "The Los Angeles Times" and "The Guardian" all gave it favorable reviews. "Variety" and "The Boston Globe" had kind words for the updated 2006 edition. A 2004 cast recording released by Sh-K-Boom Records received four out of five stars from Allmusic and plaudits from "The Los Angeles Daily News".
Background.
Alex Timbers developed the concept and directed the play, while Kyle Jarrow wrote the accompanying book, music, and lyrics. Timbers and Jarrow were classmates together at Yale University. The script for the play is published by Samuel French, Inc. Jarrow was motivated to write the script by what he saw as a shift in religious teachings – from an old model involving hell and retribution, to a new system of thought promising money or peace. Jarrow commented on Timbers' idea of using children to tell a story about Scientology: "I did a lot of work on cults in college, and what I learned is that they sort of turn you into a child by appealing to that part of you that wants to be taken care of and given answers. And so it all began to make sense to me." He said Scientology would be "an especially interesting topic for a theater piece" because of its criticism of psychiatry, relative newness compared to Buddhism, Islam, Judaism, and Christianity, and practice of requiring "that the follower take courses which cost significant amounts of money."
Jarrow's script was "almost entirely based on Hubbard's own writings and the church's literature", though Jarrow was also influenced by critical journalistic accounts. He also drew on the "awkward woodenness of Christmas pageants — the fact that children are often made to say large words that don't sound natural coming out of their mouths." Timbers said they chose to stick to Church of Scientology primary source material for background on the script because "We thought that the best way to satirize the Church of Scientology was to let the Church speak for itself." During production, the creative team worked with cast members to educate them about the play's background. "Kids shouldn't just be saying things that they don't understand. That's what we're criticizing...people who just parrot behavior and language. We wanted to have an honest conversation with them," Jarrow said. The published version of the script says that the musical should not be performed by adults; Jarrow said adults are "too jaded", and would not be able to portray the "unwinking satire" of the piece.
The producers wanted the musical to appear like a "corny and low-rent production". The ensemble includes 10 actors from ages eight to twelve. Though professionals, the child actors perform with a "realistic lack of polish", as they are playing non-professional children of Scientologists, performing in a holiday pageant. The chorus portrays Thetans, and the reactive and analytical portions of the mind are depicted by two children who share a conjoined right brain costume. During the Xenu story, the narrator is outfitted in a cardboard robot suit, and the actor portraying Xenu wears a "tacky headdress". Staging, costumes and set design are all made to appear to be the "earnest work of schoolteachers and supportive parents trying to provide a colorful and cheery atmosphere on a small budget." The stage design includes a "colorful, crayon-colored backdrop of space age-like, semi-circular set pieces." Costumes include white robes, rainbow-striped socks and tinsel halos. Props used to denote locations include "a waving cardboard palm frond for Hawaii, a street sign and cell phones for New York." The musical ends with a tableau vivant, where the audience sees the cast standing at the back of the theater holding candles and singing cheerfully as a door closes and they are blocked from view.
Early in the production of the play, John Carmichael, president of the Church of Scientology in New York, found out that a theatrical production involving Scientology was in the works. After showing up unannounced to a rehearsal, Carmichael sent a letter to the play's New York producer, Aaron Lemon-Strauss, citing his concerns at the possibility of being ridiculed. In the letter, Carmichael also pointed out the church's many past lawsuits. Alex Timbers was quoted as saying: "We've been told that the letter is a precursor to a lawsuit." Carmichael visited the artistic staff a total of three times to voice his concerns before the play's debut. After this occurrence, Jarrow and Timbers' attorneys advised them to insert the word "Unauthorized" into the title of the play. This was done to avoid potential litigation from the Church of Scientology. In an interview with "The New York Times", Carmichael later stated: "These folks have a right to write whatever play they want... but they've sunk to clichés."
Plot summary.
The characters gather on a cold winter night to rejoice in telling the story of L. Ron Hubbard. "Hey! It's a Happy Day!" A narrator notes: "Today we relate the life of L. Ron Hubbard: Teacher, author, explorer, atomic physicist, nautical engineer, choreographer, horticulturist, and father of Scientology!" Hubbard is born in a nativity scene, surrounded by parents and barnyard animals, as an angel proclaims, "Billions of years of evolution had climaxed with his birth." He begins to question the nature of his existence. He is adrift on a boat in the Pacific Ocean during his service in World War II, when he begins to think about starting a religion. Hubbard tells his followers about what he has learned through his travels in "Science of the Mind", singing about "the key to being free, the way to be happy". He tells his followers that during the War "I saw how emotion can make you blind", and he begins to teach his followers about the reactive mind. 
Hubbard thanks the analytical mind (portrayed by two characters) for helping him to find the answers he was searching for, and proclaims: "Thinking rationally is the way to be happy and the key to learning more." He announces to his followers, "You'll operate with your analytical mind only... There won't be any emotions to stand in the way of your success." As Hubbard tells his followers about his new ideas, they each proclaim to him: "You're right!" Hubbard answers: "Of course I'm right!" Hubbard's followers thank him for teaching them his new ideas: "Now the sun will shine / And the world is fine / We have got the science of the mind." A Church of Scientology Auditor explains some technical Scientology jargon to new recruits, and the E-meter is described in a puppet show. 
As Hubbard's followers progress in their Scientology teachings, they learn of the story of evil alien prince Xenu. Celebrity actor characters describe their relationships with Scientology: John Travolta explains how Scientology "fueled his cool"; Kirstie Alley says that it helped her conquer drug addiction "enabling me to star in the fine television series 'Fat Actress' and to promote the quality products of weight loss expert Jenny Craig"; and Tom Cruise interacts with sock-puppet incarnations of his new wife and daughter. The Internal Revenue Service brings a case against Hubbard, but he is able to defeat the tax charges by brainwashing his accuser. Celebrities Cruise, Alley and Travolta testify on Hubbard's behalf during the trial. Skeptics question Hubbard about the Church of Scientology's finances and methods of recruiting and retaining members. One young boy, left alone on the stage, sings about profound alienation. The entire company finally comes together to sing the "chilling finale", which includes the refrain: "Just don't ask questions / And everything is clear."
Musical analysis.
Jarrow incorporated musical themes from "The Road to Freedom", a 1986 pop album with lyrics by Hubbard and performances by John Travolta, Leif Garrett, Frank Stallone, Chick Corea, and Karen Black. Jarrow also incorporated musical themes from 1980s pop, saying "the liturgical music of Scientology is 1980s pop, which seems strangely appropriate because of the science fiction books. So that's what we did the show. It's a pastiche of synth-pop and pageant choir music." Jarrow said he tried "to capture the feel of kiddie rock" such as "Free to Be… You and Me" and "Kids Incorporated". 
The song, "Hey! It's a Happy Day!" quotes Hubbard's "Scientology: A New Slant On Life". Songs are set to "cheesy synth-keyboard backing" and feature "sublimely clunky dance breaks". An electronic score emphasizes the musical's "loony conviction", while sleigh bells give the play a feeling of a "jazzed-up saint's play". The songs incorporate video game music, and "beats from a child's keyboard synthesizer." The music in the show has been compared with the symphonic band Polyphonic Spree, and with the educational short films of "Schoolhouse Rock".
Productions.
2003–2004.
"A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant" debuted in November 2003, and had sold-out Off-Off-Broadway and Off-Broadway runs that winter, both directed by Alex Timbers. The musical was initially shown at The Tank theatre on 42nd Street where it ran for three weeks, and later moved to The John Houseman Theatre, where it was performed for an additional three weeks. The show opened in Los Angeles at the Powerhouse Theatre, in October 2004, again directed by Timbers. The run was initially scheduled for October 15 through November 21, 2004, but was extended through December 21, 2004. Timbers said that he was excited to take the production to Los Angeles, commenting: "Since the whole goal of the show is to imagine how the Scientologists might stage a nativity pageant, there's no better place to try than in their Jerusalem."
When the production company first arrived in Los Angeles, the cast and crew were "intimidated" by Scientologists. Scientology officials had previously visited the New York City production in the midst of rehearsals and handed out "documentation of court cases where the Church of Scientology had successfully prosecuted those seeking to disparage the Church's methods." Director/creator Alex Timbers characterized these events as "terrifically wonderful and intimidating". Editors from the "Los Angeles Times" received phone calls from Scientologists urging them not to write about the play. In addition, the parents of one of the children from the cast received phone calls from members of the entertainment industry who were Scientologists. The parents of these cast members were told that if their children performed in the play, "it might be bad for their future career." The parents politely informed these callers "We read the script, and we don't think it is mean-spirited ... We understand your concerns, but we don't share your concerns." When asked by "Variety" magazine for the Church's official take on the play, a Los Angeles Church of Scientology spokeswoman was quoted as saying: "This is not litigation material. This is nothing." In a 2007 interview, Jarrow commented on the Church of Scientology's history of responses to productions of the play: "It's clear the Church doesn't like the show—but in my opinion that kind of controversy is evidence that the show's hitting a nerve and dealing with pertinent issues. So I take a certain pride in that."
2006–present.
In late 2006, the musical was performed at New York Theatre Workshop's 4th Street Theatre in New York City, with Alex Timbers reprising his role as director and Gabriel Kahane as musical director. That same year, the show was also presented at the Boston Center for the Arts in Boston by Boston Theatre Works, and at Dad's Garage Theatre in Atlanta. The Boston production was directed by Jason Southerland. When contacted by "The Boston Globe" for a statement on the Boston production, Boston Church of Scientology president Gerard Renna stated that the musical: "is not something we're addressing" and that they were instead focused on antidrug education. 
Dad's Garage Theatre presented the musical again in 2007, from November 30 to December 23, 2007. The entire cast from the 2006 production returned, and director Mary Claire Dunn emphasized that she educated the cast about Scientology on the first day of rehearsal. Theatre company Brat Productions in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania also put on a 2007 production, with performances from December 13 through December 30, 2007 at St. Stephen's Theater. The production was directed by Lee Ann Etzold. Landless Theatre Company in Washington, D.C. also presented the musical from December 20, 2007 through January 13, 2008 at the District of Columbia Arts Center in Adams Morgan. Andrew Lloyd Baughman was the director and music director. 
Rarely Done Productions in Syracuse, New York put on a production of the play, which ran from October 3 to October 18, 2008. Circle Theatre in Fort Worth, Texas has announced a 2008 production, which ran November 20 to December 20, 2008. Know Theatre of Cincinnati, Ohio planned a 2008 production December 6 through January, 2008. Ron May, artistic director of Stray Cat Theatre in Phoenix, Arizona, also planned a production of the play for the 2008 season, and A Red Orchid Theatre in Chicago, Illinois planned a production to run from November 17 to December 28, 2008. Representatives for the Church of Scientology did not respond to repeated requests for comment from the "Chicago Tribune" about the 2008 Chicago production. 
The 2008 Chicago production was well received, and A Red Orchid Theatre again put on a production of the play in its 2009–2010 season. The Chicago production was directed by Steve Wilson, and ran from November 12, 2009 through January 3, 2010. The play's artistic director, Kirsten Fitzgerald spoke positively of rehearsals for the Chicago production: "The energy that explodes into the theatre with the start of each rehearsal is palpable and impossible to deny, even from the office next door. I am ecstatic and so very grateful to bring last year's smash-hit to audiences old and new. The heart of last year's joyous and hilarious Chicago Premiere returns with plenty of surprises and new fun up our sleeves." "Crain's Chicago Business" ranked the production as one of the top ten things to do for the weekend in the city. Another Illinois production ran from December 7, 2009 to January 3, 2010, by Next Theatre in Evanston. On December 2, 2009, performers sang songs from the play in a production called "The Songs of Kyle Jarrow" at the 92nd Street Y Tribeca in Manhattan, New York. Performers included Jeb Brown, Tony Award-nominee Alison Fraser, Susan Goodwillie, Caesar Samayoa, Libby Winters, and Lauren Worsham. 
A 2010 production was planned in Clearwater, Florida, for showings December 2 through December 22. The play in Clearwater is produced by American Stage for the "After Hours" series. A representative for the theater, Andy Orrell, told the "St. Petersburg Times", "The After Hours series does shows that are more avant garde, more risque, shows that we couldn't really do on the main stage. In a lot of ways, this show fits perfectly into that criteria." Clearwater is a spiritual headquarters for the Scientology organization; when contacted for a statement by "St. Petersburg Times", Kyle Jarrow responded, "Wow! – I had no idea they were doing the show down there. Clearwater is almost ground zero for Scientology. That's sure to be extra controversial." The American Stage Theatre Company performs out of the Raymond James Theatre in St. Petersburg, Florida. The Actors Guild of Lexington in Lexington, Kentucky planned a production to run from April 7–17, 2011, directed by the group's artistic director Eric Seale.
Reception.
Awards.
"A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant" received a 2004 Obie Award for its 2003 production in New York City. Kyle Jarrow and Alex Timbers were given "Special Citations" from "The Village Voice" for developing the piece. Timbers and Jarrow were honored with the award at the May 17, 2004 Obie Award presentation, at New York's Webster Hall. Alex Timbers also received a Back Stage West Garland Award for best director, for the 2004 Los Angeles production of the play.
Reviews.
"A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant" received positive reviews from the press. A review in "The New York Times" described the musical as having a "crude, faux-naïf sensibility", and stated that it "provides a cult-hit blueprint for a young generation that prefers its irony delivered with not a wink but a blank stare." A 2003 review in New York City's "The Village Voice" compared the show to "The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui", stating: "Just as Ui doesn't explain the complex phenomenon of the Third Reich, Scientology Pageant doesn't probe the psychology of cults; instead, both demystify subjects whose appeal stems in no small part from the mystique their acolytes have attributed to them." Though most of the media reception of the musical was positive, New York Church of Scientology President John Carmichael did not have kind words for the production. Carmichael asserted that L. Ron Hubbard was portrayed in the play as "an authoritarian demagogue whose methods create emotionless followers." Other critics complained that the young members of the cast were portraying characters and depicting content that they could not understand.
The "Los Angeles Times" review in 2004 stated that: "The show found a New York audience willing to move from the tongue-in-cheek children's pageant concept to something that became startlingly adult." In a 2004 review in "The Guardian", the article cited notable quotes from other reviews, including "The New York Times", "The Village Voice", and "The New York Observer". The review stated that audiences "have a chance to witness a wide-eyed, straight-faced, scrappy and touching telling of the story of L Ron set to a cheesy electro-pop score. See the great man, clad in a white Plyphonic Spree-style gown, wander from inquisitive soul to wounded war veteran to writer of pulp science fiction to leader of world religion. Sort of."
Of the updated 2006 version, "Variety" stated that "..the breezy one-hour show is equal parts adorable and creepy, hilarious and unsettling, making it way more compelling than your average holiday entertainment." "The Boston Globe" also reviewed the 2006 edition of the play, and its review spent more time giving background on some of the cast and crew, particularly writer Kyle Jarrow, stating that "..Jarrow has created a musical about L. Ron Hubbard that is, in its own sardonic way, much more funny and touching than any of Cruise's diatribes against Ritalin." "The New York Sun" described the production as an: "ingenious musical account of L. Ron Hubbard's life and times", and compared the discomfort produced by watching the piece to that produced by the 2006 documentary "Jesus Camp". 
The 2007 Philadelphia production also received favorable reviews, and critic Wendy Rosenfield of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" wrote "..somehow the production emerges triumphant, retaining its innocent sense of inquiry and buoyant good humor while making some pretty serious philosophical points." A review in "The Washington Post" of the 2007 Washington, D.C. production was more critical. Peter Marks wrote that "..aside from a weird sci-fi back story involving Prince Xenu, a figure from Scientology lore, the incidents the playwright relates that shape Hubbard's belief system unfold choppily and dryly." The production received a positive review in by Bob Anthony in "AllArtsReview4U", who wrote "This is so charming that it rates a "must see" status. The show should be extended at another venue." Manya Brachear reviewed the 2008 Chicago production for the "Chicago Tribune", and highlighted the play's "trilling tunes", including "Hey! It's a Happy Day!" and "The Science of the Mind". The two Chicago productions in 2009 also received favorable reviews in the "Chicago Tribune"; the reviewer noted, "this show manages to simultaneously skewer Scientology and showcase the young performers in an upbeat, fun way."
Cast recording.
A cast recording of the musical was released by Kurt Deutsch's Sh-K-Boom Records, on November 2, 2004. "Hey! It's a Happy Day!", "Science of the Mind", "Rain", and "Finale" are tracks from the original 2004 production. The other songs on the album were written by Jarrow ".. to further explore the subjects and themes of the stage production." The first track on the album is entitled "Disclaimer", and is a general announcement to the audience. The "Los Angeles Daily News" surmised that this disclaimer served to "keep the creators of this acidic little send-up from getting hauled into court":
The CD release received four out of five stars from Allmusic, where it was described as "Funny, weird and wonderful", and "the offbeat theater offering of the year". Specific tracks highlighted by Allmusic included "L. Ron Hubbard", in which the chorus centers on the question: "What does the 'L.' stand for?", and "The Way It Began", which begins with the preface statement: "The following is "completely secret" and "absolutely serious". It is the story of the universe as described in the most sacred literature of the Church of Scientology." In the song "Mister Auditor", the children actually sing some of the typical questions asked in Scientology auditing, and in the song "Something Special", allegations that the Church of Scientology "preys on the weak and confused" are discussed, but the narrator states that none of these allegations are true.

</doc>
<doc id="9661952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661952" title="The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living">
The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living

The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living is an artwork created in 1991 by Damien Hirst, an English artist and a leading member of the "Young British Artists" (or YBA). It consists of a tiger shark preserved in formaldehyde in a vitrine. It was originally commissioned in 1991 by Charles Saatchi, who sold it in 2004, to Steven A. Cohen for an undisclosed amount, widely reported to have been $8 million. However, the title of Don Thompson's book, "The $12 Million Stuffed Shark: The Curious Economics of Contemporary Art", suggests a higher figure.
Owing to deterioration of the original tiger shark, it was replaced with a new specimen in 2006. It was on loan to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City from 2007 to 2010.
It is considered the iconic work of British art in the 1990s, and has become a symbol of Britart worldwide.
Background and concept.
The work was funded by Charles Saatchi, who in 1991 had offered to pay for whatever artwork Hirst wanted to create. The shark itself cost Hirst £6,000 and the total cost of the work was £50,000. The shark was caught off Hervey Bay in Queensland, Australia, by a fisherman commissioned to do so. Hirst wanted something "big enough to eat you".
It was first exhibited in 1992 in the first of a series of "Young British Artists" shows at the Saatchi Gallery, then at its premises in St John's Wood, North London. The British tabloid newspaper "The Sun" ran a story titled "£50,000 for fish without chips." The show also included Hirst's artwork "A Thousand Years". He was then nominated for the Turner Prize, but it was awarded to Grenville Davey. Saatchi sold the work in 2004 to Steven A. Cohen for an estimated $8 million.
Its technical specifications are: "Tiger shark, glass, steel, 5% formaldehyde solution, 213 x 518 x 213 cm."
"The New York Times" in 2007 gave the following description of the artwork:
"Mr. Hirst often aims to fry the mind (and misses more than he hits), but he does so by setting up direct, often visceral experiences, of which the shark remains the most outstanding.
In keeping with the piece's title, the shark is simultaneously life and death incarnate in a way you don't quite grasp until you see it, suspended and silent, in its tank. It gives the innately demonic urge to live a demonic, deathlike form."
Decay and replacement.
Because the shark was initially preserved poorly, it began to deteriorate and the surrounding liquid grew murky. Hirst attributes some of the decay to the fact that the Saatchi Gallery had added bleach to it. In 1993 the gallery gutted the shark and stretched its skin over a fiberglass mold, and Hirst commented, "It didn't look as frightening ... You could tell it wasn't real. It had no weight." When Hirst learned of Saatchi's impending sale of the work to Cohen, he offered to replace the shark, an operation which Cohen then funded, calling the expense "inconsequential" (the formaldehyde process alone cost around $100,000). Another shark was caught off Queensland (a female aged about 25–30 years, equivalent to middle age) and shipped to Hirst in a 2-month journey. Oliver Crimmen, a scientist and fish curator at London's Natural History Museum, assisted with the preservation of the new specimen in 2006. This involved injecting formaldehyde into the body, as well as marinating it for two weeks in a bath of 7% formalin solution. The original 1991 vitrine was then used to house it.
A philosophical question was acknowledged by Hirst, as to whether the replacement shark meant that the result could still be considered the same artwork. He observed:
It's a big dilemma. Artists and conservators have different opinions about what's important: the original artwork or the original intention. I come from a conceptual art background, so I think it should be the intention. It's the same piece. But the jury will be out for a long time to come.
Variants.
Hirst has made other works subsequently which also feature a preserved shark in formaldehyde in a vitrine. In September 2008, "The Kingdom", a tiger shark, sold at Hirst's Sotheby's auction, "Beautiful Inside My Head Forever", for £9.6 million (more than £3 million above its estimate).
Hirst has made a miniature version of "The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living" for the Miniature Museum in the Netherlands. In this case he put a guppy in a box (10 x 3,5 x 5 centimetres) filled with formaldehyde.
Responses.
In a speech at the Royal Academy in 2004, art critic Robert Hughes used "The Physical Impossibility of Death in the Mind of Someone Living" as a prime example of how the international art market at the time was a "cultural obscenity". Without naming the artwork or the artist, he stated that brush marks in the lace collar of a painting by Velázquez could be more radical than a shark "murkily disintegrating in its tank on the other side of the Thames".
Hirst's response to those who said that anyone could have done this artwork was, "But you didn't, did you?"
In 2003, under the title "A Dead Shark Isn't Art", the Stuckism International Gallery exhibited a shark which had first been put on public display two years before Hirst's by Eddie Saunders in his Shoreditch shop, JD Electrical Supplies. The Stuckists suggested that Hirst may have got the idea for his work from Saunders' shop display.

</doc>
<doc id="9661962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661962" title="Accreditation Committee of Cambodia">
Accreditation Committee of Cambodia

The Accreditation Committee of Cambodia (, ACC) is a national independent higher education quality and assessment body of Cambodia. The ACC was established in Phnom Penh on March 2003 under the supervision of the Council of Ministers chaired by the Deputy Prime Minister Sok An to develop the standard of education in Cambodia.
Institutions.
Partial list of higher education institutions in Cambodia supervised by the ACC:

</doc>
<doc id="9661978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9661978" title="Ban of Croatia">
Ban of Croatia

Ban of Croatia (Croatian: "Hrvatski ban"; ) was the title of local rulers or office holders and after 1102 viceroys of Croatia. From earliest periods of Croatian state, some provinces were ruled by Bans as a rulers representative (viceroy) and supreme military commander. In the 18th century, Croatian bans eventually become chief government officials in Croatia. They were at the head of Ban's Government, effectively the first prime ministers of Croatia. The institution of ban in Croatia persisted until the 20th century.
Origin of title.
South Slavic "ban" (, with a long ). The long form is directly attested in 10th-century Constantine Porphyrogenitus' book "De Administrando Imperio" as , in a chapter dedicated to Croats and the organisation of their state, describing how their ban "has under his rule Krbava, Lika and Gacka".
Medieval bans.
References from the earliest periods are scarce, but history recalls that the first known Croatian ban is Pribina in the 10th century (in 949 and in 969). Ban on his territory was pursuing administrative, judicial and military authority.
The meaning of the title was elevated to that of provincial governor in the Kingdom of Croatia (for example, King Dmitar Zvonimir was originally a ban in 1065 serving under King Peter Krešimir IV).
Bans in the Kingdom of Hungary.
After the Croats elected Hungarian kings as kings of Croatia in 1102, the title of ban acquired the meaning of viceroy - bans were appointed by the king, as his representatives in Kingdom of Croatia, heads of the Parliament and also as supreme commander of Croatian Army.
Croatia was governed by the 'viceregal' ban as a whole between 1102 and 1225, when it was split into two separate banovinas: Slavonia and Croatia. Two different bans were occasionally appointed until 1476, when the institution of a single ban was resumed. Most of bans were native nobles but some were also of Hungarian ancestry.
Most notable bans from this period were Pavao Šubić, Petar Berislavić.
The following Bans of Croatia existed in the Kingdom of Hungary:
Parallel bans of Slavonia and Dalmatia.
From 1225 to 1476 there were parallel bans of "the Croatia and Dalmatia" and of "the Whole of Slavonia". The following is the list of the former; the latter are listed at Ban of Slavonia.
During the period of separate titles of ban, several persons held both titles, which is indicated in the notes.
After the death of King Louis I of Hungary, his daughter Mary succeeded to the throne, which led to kings Charles III and Ladislaus of Naples claiming the Lands of the Crown of St. Stephen. A war erupted between forces loyal to Mary and later to her husband and successor, Sigismund of Luxembourg, and those loyal to Ladislaus.
During this time, Sigismund appointed Nikola II Gorjanski (who was also count palatine) the ban of Croatia and Dalmatia in 1392, Butko Kurjaković in 1394, and then again Gorjanski in the period 1394–1397. Nikola Gorjanski, between 1397 and 1402, was also at the time the Ban of Slavonia, succeeded by Ladislav Grdevacki (1402–1404), Pavao Besenyő (1404), Pavao Pecz (1404–1406), Hermann II of Celje (1406–1408).
Ladislaus in turn appointed his own bans, including Hrvoje Vukčić Hrvatinić. In 1409, this dynastic struggle was resolved when Ladislaus sold his rights over Dalmatia to the Republic of Venice.
Bans of Croatia, Slavonia and Dalmatia.
From 1476 onwards, the titles of Ban of Dalmatia and Croatia and Ban of Whole of Slavonia are again united in the single title of Ban of Croatia, Slavonia and Dalmatia:
Habsburg-era Croatia.
The title of "ban" persisted in Croatia after 1527 when the country became part of the Habsburg Monarchy, and continued all the way until 1918.
Among the most distinguished bans in Croatian history were the three members of Šubić/Zrinski family - Nikola Šubić Zrinski and his great-grandsons Nikola Zrinski and Petar Zrinski.
Also there are two notable Erdödys: Toma Erdödy, great warrior and statesman in one person, and Ivan Erdödy, to whom Croatia owes much for protecting her rights against the Hungarian nobility, his most widely known saying in Latin is "Regnum regno non praescribit leges", "a kingdom may not impose laws to a(nother) kingdom".
In the 18th century, Croatian bans eventually become chief government officials in Croatia. They were at the head of Ban's Government, effectively the first prime ministers of Croatia. The most known bans of that era were Josip Jelačić, Ivan Mažuranić and Josip Šokčević
Bans in the Habsburg Monarchy.
The Habsburg dynasty ruled Kingdom of Croatia and Slavonia between 1527 and 1848, and appointed the following bans:
Bans of the interregnum during the Revolutions of 1848.
Croatia was a Habsburg crown territory between 1849 and 1867 during which time the following bans were appointed:
Bans in the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Croatia was returned to Hungarian control in 1867 when the Habsburg Empire was reconstituted as the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary. Between then and 1918 the following bans were appointed:
Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
Ban was also the title of the governor of each province (called "banovina") of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1929 and 1941. The weight of the title was far less than that of a medieval ban's feudal office. Most of Croatian territory was divided between Sava and Littoral Banovina, but also some parts were outside this provinces. 
In 1939 Banovina of Croatia was created with Cvetković-Maček agreement as a unit of limited autonomy. It consisted of Sava and Littoral Banovina along with smaller parts of Vrbas, Zeta, Drina and Danube Banovina's. Ivan Šubašić was appointed for the Ban of Banovina of Croatia until the collapse of Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1941. Šubašić was also the last person who held the position of Croatian Ban.
Bans in the Yugoslav Kingdom.
Following a brief period of self-rule at the end of World War I, Croatia was incorporated into the Kingdom of the Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in 1918, under the Karađorđević dynasty.
In 1929, the new Constitution of the Kingdom renamed it Kingdom of Yugoslavia and split up Croatia between several banovinas (provinces):
In 1939, the Banovina of Croatia was created with Cvetković-Maček agreement as a unit of limited autonomy within Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
It consisted of Sava and Littoral Banovina along with smaller parts of Vrbas, Zeta, Drina and Danube Banovina's.

</doc>
<doc id="9662003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662003" title="Patrick Scougal">
Patrick Scougal

Patrick Scougal (1607–1682) was a 17th-century Scottish churchman. A native of Haddingtonshire (East Lothian), and cousin of the painter John Scougal, in 1624 he graduated from the University of Edinburgh as Master of Arts. In 1636, he became a minister of Dairsie parish, Fife, moving on to Leuchars in 1645 and then to Saltoun, near Edinburgh, in 1659. He refused an offer to become Professor of Divinity at Edinburgh University in 1662.
In this period, Scougal showed himself to be an extremely religious ideologue, preaching against papists and playing a leading role in the national witchhunt of the 1660s. However, his views on episcopacy became clear when in early 1664 he was offered and accepted the post of Bishop of Aberdeen. Perhaps because of his known and well-established religious fervour, hostility to Scougal's newly shown pro-episcopacy sentiments was comparatively muted. In the same year, Scougal became Chancellor of King's College, Aberdeen.
Scougal took an active role in the suppression of Quakerism and was part of a prosecution of James Gordon, the parson of Banchory-Devenick, who had written the Catholic-leaning theological tract called "The Reformed Bishop" (1679). Scougal was also charitable, and undertook many charitable deeds, including raising money for two Polish Protestant students. When he died (aged seventy-three) of asthma on 16 February 1682, he left much of his wealth to the hospital of Old Aberdeen, King's College Library and Aberdeen Cathedral. 
Scougal married firstly, Margaret Wemyss, and by her had five children, including the famous minister Henry Scougal. His second wife was Anna, daughter of William Congalton of that Ilk, widow of Robert Lauder of Gunsgreen (near Eyemouth, Berwickshire). Bishop Scougall was interred in Aberdeen Cathedral. His monument, a mural tomb on the south-west wall of the nave, is a notable, if slightly naïve example of 17th century Scottish neo-classical design, including a 'portrait' of Scougal (see above), and a rich array of symbolic ornament.

</doc>
<doc id="9662004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662004" title="X Clips">
X Clips

X Clips is a compilation VHS/LD released by X Japan on January 1, 1995. In consists of the band's early music videos, with some live footage. The video was re-released on DVD on July 5, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9662011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662011" title="University of Ottawa Faculty of Law">
University of Ottawa Faculty of Law

The University of Ottawa, Faculty of Law, sometimes colloquially known as U of O Law, is the law school of the University of Ottawa, located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada's national capital. The University of Ottawa Law School is one of Canada's most influential, having produced lawyers throughout French and English Canada since the 1950s. It is divided into two sections: a civil law and a common law section. The faculty is very highly rated and maintains close links with the legal community in both Quebec, Ontario and abroad. The faculty of law is also home to two highly respected bilingual law journals, one produced by the civil law section (Revue Générale de Droit) and the other produced by the common law section (Ottawa Law Review)
Established by former Chief Justice Gerald Fauteux, the faculty and has been conferring degrees since the 1950s. As the largest law school in Canada, the faculty often touts the advantages of its wide range of program offerings and proximity to federal agencies and courts, including the Supreme Court of Canada. In 2003, the common law section celebrated the 50th anniversary of its English program and the 30th anniversary of its French program.
Reputation.
Maclean's released its annual law school ranking on September 19, 2013. In the evaluation, Ottawa's common law Faculty of Law was ranked 10th overall in Canada, notably scoring highly (3rd overall) in the category for Supreme Court clerkships In addition, Canadian Lawyer ranked the school as 5th-best in the country. The civil law faculty was ranked 3rd in Canada (out of 6 civil law schools nationally). Furthermore, in the 2009 Law School Student Survey which ranks student satisfaction, the Faculty of law was ranked amongst the best, an overwhelming 97% of students say they would choose the Ottawa law school all over again if they had a choice.
History.
The law school was created in 1953 on the initiative of Gerald Fauteux, former chief justice of the Supreme Court of Canada (and who the law school's building, Fauteux Hall, built in 1973, is named after). It began as an exclusively civil law faculty, designed to train lawyers who would enter the Quebec legal system, particularly in order to practice in the Outaouais region just across the Ottawa River from Ottawa. In 1957, the faculty began training students in the common law as well; the two sections were then divided, with each keeping its own program, faculties and deans. Graduate programs were introduced that same year by the civil law section; it was not until 1981 that the common law section began offering them as well.
Although the school has had since 1970 a system in which students from either the common or civil law sections could receive further training and accreditation in the other, it was not until 1994 that this system was formalized into the National Program. In doing so, the faculty became only the second law faculty in Canada, after McGill University's law school to offer bi-juridical training in both the common law and civil law, the two formally recognized legal systems in Canada.
Admissions.
Common Law Section.
In the Common Law Section, which offers standard Juris Doctor (JD) and joint degree programs, students who enter are expected to have completed a three-to-four year undergraduate program. Acceptance to the Common Law program, in particular, is highly competitive. Successful applicants generally have an A- undergraduate grade point average in addition to a competitive LSAT score. The program also claims to consider more holistic admissions criteria, taking into account a variety of factors including work experience, prior education, and other circumstances that may make one's application exceptional. According to the Faculty of Law's website, there were 3469 applications for 280 first year Common Law places in 2009.
Civil Law Section.
In the Civil Law section (the type of law that operates in the Province of Quebec), it is only necessary for a student applying from Quebec to have obtained a Diploma of Collegial Studies (DEC) before applying. The Civil Law Section's requirements are generally considered to be less stringent than those of the Common Law Section. Even so, an A- is now required if one is applying from a Quebec university. If a student is applying directly from CEGEP, however, the requirements are usually higher.
Generally the French-language common law section admits up to 60 new students per year, while the English-language section admits up to 280 new students. The civil law section (French-language only) typically admits around 150.
The language of instruction depends on the faculty; while the civil law section is instructed entirely in French, the common law section is available in both English and French, and students can take classes in both languages. In compliance with university policy, all written work can be submitted in either language with the exception of the French Common Law program in which all written and oral work must however be submitted in French.
Academics.
Students graduating in the common law section receive the Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree, while students in civil law receive the Bachelor of Civil Law (LL.L) degree. On May 3, 2010, the Senate of the University approved a motion to change the designation of the Common Law degree from LL.B. (Bachelor of Laws) to J.D. (Juris Doctor) [http://www.commonlaw.uottawa.ca/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=4883&Itemid=111&lang=en]. A new elite program, Programme de Droit Canadien (PDC), was recently created that allows eighteen exceptional students to earn an LL.B and an LL.L simultaneously in three years. The National Program allows students in both faculties to complete the other's degree as well in a total of four years (after completion of a civil law degree, for example, students can take an extra year to complete the common law requirements and thus have both degrees, and vice versa). The school also offers several other joint programs, including:
In addition to the aforementioned programs, graduate work, leading to the Master of Laws (LL.M) and Doctor of Laws (LL.D.) degrees, is offered by both sections.
Fees.
Tuition at the University of Ottawa's law school varies according to the program being studied. Students enrolled in the civil law program pay the lowest, with the tuition rates 2012-2013 set at $8,833.46; this stands in contrast to the common law program, where annual tuition rates for incoming 2012-2013 students are $15,265.56. Students in the National Program pay $10,077.70 for their extra year of study.

</doc>
<doc id="9662019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662019" title="The Bengali Night">
The Bengali Night

The Bengali Night () is a 1988 semi-autobiographical film based upon the Mircea Eliade 1933 Romanian novel, "Bengal Nights", directed by Nicolas Klotz and starring Hugh Grant and the Indian actors Soumitra Chatterjee, Supriya Pathak and Shabana Azmi.
Plot summary.
Allan (Hugh Grant) is an engineer working in 1930s Calcutta. He is invited to stay with the family of his boss, Narendra Sen (Soumitra Chatterjee) which includes his wife, Indira (Shabana Azmi) and daughter Gayatri (Supriya Pathak). Gayatri and Allan become romantically involved leading to tragedy.
Production history.
Production of the film occurred about a decade after Maitreyi Devi (the inspiration for the character Gayatri) published her version of the story "Na Hanyate", (originally published in Bengali). She also extracted a promise from Eliade that his version would never be published in English. According to Ginu Kamani in "A Terrible Hurt:The Untold Story behind the Publishing of Maitreyi Devi", Maitreyi witnessed the making of the film "The Bengali Night," which was shot in Calcutta from 1987-88 (Eliade had died that year). Her protests culminated "in court cases against the film for insulting Hinduism and for being pornographic". The film was only shown once in India at a film festival in 1989 to mixed reviews and was never released in theaters in the U.S. Kamani also notes:

</doc>
<doc id="9662035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662035" title="Conus lienardi">
Conus lienardi

Conus lienardi or Lienard's cone is a species of sophisticated predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.
Like all species within the genus Conus, these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
Distribution.
This is an Indo-Pacific species.
Shell description.
This species of cone snail has an orange and white patterned shell.

</doc>
<doc id="9662054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662054" title="International rankings of Thailand">
International rankings of Thailand

The following are international rankings of Thailand.
Capital city.
Bangkok: GaWC Inventory Gamma-rank Global city (5 points)

</doc>
<doc id="9662055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662055" title="Tipografía Nacional">
Tipografía Nacional

Tipografía Nacional ("Tip Nac") is a football club based in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
It was one of the most traditional teams in the country in the 20th Century, and it remains the fourth-most successful club in the history of Guatemalan football in terms of national titles won.
History.
Founded on 24 January 1924, Tipografía Nacional was the oldest team in the "Liga Mayor / Liga Nacional", the nation's top division. The club was named after the national printing house, "Tipografía Nacional".
Having entered the then "Liga Capitalina" in 1928, the team won three local titles between 1938 and 1940. Between 1937 and 1941, they had a streak of 51 matches scoring at least one goal. The team also won three official championships between 1943 and 1953. After Municipal won the first Liga Mayor championship in 1942, Tipografía won back-to-back titles in the 1943 and 1944-45 tournaments, being undefeated during the former, collecting eight wins and two draws. Tipografía and Municipal engaged in the first known rivalry in the league, which faded after Comunicaciones and Municipal became the two most dominant clubs and each other's arch-rival.
Tipografía also finished as league runner-up once, and won one domestic cup. In 1981, they finished at the bottom of the table, being relegated to the "B" division (now "Primera División"). They earned promotion back to the Liga Mayor after two seasons, but suffered relegation again in the 1992-93 season; due in good part to lack of financial support, the team continued descending to lower categories, until it was ultimately dissolved in 2002. 
Its resurgence came up in 2012 as a result of acquiring Club Cahabón's franchise for Q75,000. Tip-Nac is, as of early 2013, a member of the Guatemalan Second Football Division. 
Its uniform colours were red-and-white vertical striped shirt and blue shorts.

</doc>
<doc id="9662089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662089" title="VD 17">
VD 17

The Verzeichnis der im deutschen Sprachraum erschienenen Drucke des 17. Jahrhunderts (in English: "Bibliography of Books Printed in the German Speaking Countries from 1601 to 1700"), abbreviated VD17, is a project to make a retrospective German national bibliography for the 17th century. The project was initiated in 1996 and planned to continue for 10-12 years. It is financed by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (German Research Foundation). As of early 2007, the database contains more than 250,000 titles.
There is a corresponding German national bibliography for the 16th century, known as VD 16, which was compiled during the period 1969-1999, and another for the 18th century is planned.

</doc>
<doc id="9662167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662167" title="Baja Destruction">
Baja Destruction

Baja Destruction is a video game for the PlayStation 2 and Wii developed by UK Developer Broadsword Interactive and published by Conspiracy Entertainment. Players take their vehicles, heavily outfitted with destructive weapons, and attempt to destroy other cars in the area. It is the companion to the title Baja Mania. No news has surfaced for "Baja Destruction" since 2006 and it is presumably cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="9662168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662168" title="Great Britain Davis Cup team">
Great Britain Davis Cup team

The Great Britain Davis Cup team represents the United Kingdom in Davis Cup tennis competition and is controlled by the Lawn Tennis Association. The United Kingdom played in the very first "International Lawn Tennis Challenge" (as the tournament was known until 1945). They are the third most successful team in terms of championships won, with 9 (tied with France), but have appeared in only one final since 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="9662200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662200" title="Eden Park (disambiguation)">
Eden Park (disambiguation)

Eden Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9662204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662204" title="Alexander Forbes">
Alexander Forbes

Alexander Forbes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9662211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662211" title="Baja Mania">
Baja Mania

Baja Mania is a video game released for the PlayStation 2 and the Wii. Players race across various racetracks. It is the companion to Baja Destruction.

</doc>
<doc id="9662217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662217" title="National Defense Act of 1916">
National Defense Act of 1916

The National Defense Act of 1916, , was a federal law that updated the organization of the military, including an expansion of the Army and the National Guard, the creation of an Officers' and an Enlisted Reserve Corps, and the creation of a Reserve Officers' Training Corps. The President was also given expanded authority to federalize the National Guard, with changes to the duration and the circumstances under which he could call it up. The Army began the creation of an Aviation arm, and the federal government took steps to ensure the immediate availability of wartime weapons and equipment by contracting in advance for production of gunpowder and other materiel.
Background.
The act was passed amidst the "preparedness controversy", after Pancho Villa's cross-border raid on Columbus, New Mexico and prior to U.S. entry into World War I. Its chief proponent was James Hay of Virginia, the Chairman of the House Committee on Military Affairs.
Sponsored by the committee's ranking member, Julius Kahn of California and drafted by Hay, the 1916 law authorized an expanded Army of 175,000, and an enlarged National Guard of 450,000.
Reserve Officer Training Corps.
The provision to establish the Reserve Officer Training Corps was advocated by a delegation from Ohio including William Oxley Thompson, President of the Ohio State University. On February 7, 1916, Ralph D. Mershon, a graduate of Ohio State, testified before the Committee as a professional engineer. Present to testify as an advocate of a Reserve Engineers Corps, he expanded his remarks to argue in favor of the "Ohio Plan." Mershon noted:
Congress agreed, and the ROTC provision was included in the final version of the law.
National Guard.
The 1916 Act also authorized the National Guard to use federal funds to pay for 48 days of drill a year, as well as 15 days of annual training, an improvement over the previous authorization of five days of summer camp, with no federal funds for drills.
The new law also made the Army's Division of Militia Affairs the expanded and reorganized Militia Bureau, which oversaw federal funding and other requirements for the National Guard in each state.
The 1916 Act also authorized the President to mobilize the National Guard in case of war or other national emergency, and for the duration of the event. The National Guard had previously been limited to service within each state, or federal activation within the United States for up to nine months. Under the 1916 Act, the National Guard could be federalized for overseas service and could be called up for an unlimited duration. In addition, the Army was prevented from recruiting volunteer units to expand the organization in time of war until after the National Guard had been called up.
The provisions for National Guard activation were used during the Pancho Villa Expedition and World War I. When the National Guard was federalized for World War I, efforts to create volunteer units, which had been used from the Mexican–American War to the Spanish–American War as a way to bypass the issue of when the National Guard could be federalized, came to an end.
Additional results.
The 1916 Act also allocated over $17 million for the Army to field 375 new airplanes, and created the Army's first Air Division, which was based at Langley Field.
The President also requested that the National Academy of Sciences establish the National Research Council to conduct research into the potential of mathematical, biological, and physical science applications for defense.
As part of the debate over preparedness, Congress was concerned with ensuring the supply of nitrates (used to make munitions), so the 1916 Act authorized the construction of two nitrate-manufacturing plants and a dam to provide them hydropower. President Wilson chose Muscle Shoals, Alabama as the site of the dam. The dam was later named for him, and the dam and nitrate plants built in Muscle Shoals were absorbed into the Tennessee Valley Authority in 1933.
Subsequent changes.
The "National Defense Act Amendments of 1920", , a.k.a. the "National Defense Act of 1920", amended the National Defense Act of 1916, including the creation of the United States Army Air Service and the Chemical and Finance branches. The 1920 act also included a provision that the Chief of the National Guard Bureau be a National Guard officer, and allowed for National Guard officers to serve on the Army General staff.
The "National Defense Act Amendments of 1933", , provided that the National Guard is considered a component of the Army at all times. Beginning with this law, each National Guard member has two military statuses—a member of the National Guard of his or her state, or a member of the National Guard of the United States when federalized. This enhanced the 1916 Act's mobilization provisions, making it possible to deploy National Guard units and individual members directly for overseas service in the event of a war.

</doc>
<doc id="9662264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662264" title="Mohan Singh (general)">
Mohan Singh (general)

Mohan Singh (1909–1989) was an Indian military officer and member of the Indian Independence Movement most famous for his role in organising and leading the First Indian National Army in South East Asia during World War II. Following Indian independence, Mohan Singh later served in public life as a Member of Parliament in the "Rajya Sabha" (Upper House) of the Indian Parliament.
Early life.
He was born the only son of Tara Singh and Hukam Kaur, a peasant couple of Ugoke village, near Sialkot (now in Pakistan). His father died two months before his birth and his mother shifted to her parents home in Badiana in the same district, where Mohan Singh was born and brought up.
Military career.
As he passed high school, he joined the 14th Punjab Regiment of the Indian Army in 1927. After the completion of his recruit training at Hrozpur, Mohan Singh was posted to the 2nd Battalion of the Regiment, then serving in the North-West Frontier Province. He was selected as a potential officer in 1931, and after six months' training in Kitchener College, Nowgong (Madhya Pradesh), and another two and a half years in the Indian Military Academy, Dehra Dun, he received his commission in 1934 and was posted for a year to a British unit, the 2nd Border Regiment, and then to 1st Battalion of his former 14th Punjab Regiment, which at that time happened to be at Jhelum. World War II broke out in 1939.
Mohan Singh had been promoted to captain when his battalion was earmarked for operational service in the Far East. The battalion was still carrying out intensive training at Secunderabad when he married, in December 1940, Jasvant Kaur, sister of a brother officer. He left for Malaya with his unit on 4 March 1941.
Second World War.
Japan entered the War with her surprise attack on the American air base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on 7 December 1941 and overran the entire South East Asia within a few weeks. The Japanese Imperial General Headquarters in October set up the Fujiwara Kikan, or the F-kikan, in Bangkok, Headed by the Major Fujiwara Iwaichi, chief of intelligence of the 15th army. Tasked with intelligence gathering and contacting the Indian independence movement, the overseas Chinese and the Malayan Sultan with the aim of encouraging friendship and cooperation with Japan, Fujiwara's staff included five commissioned officers and two Hindi-speaking interpreters. His initial contact was with Giani Pritam Singh. Pritam Singh was a leader of such an organisation. He and Major Fujihara, a Japanese officer, requested Mohan Sing to form an Indian Army comprising the captured Indian soldiers. Mohan Singh hesitated but ultimately agreed. Fujihara handed over about 40,000 Indian soldiers, who had surrendered to him, to Mohan Singh. It was actually the first step towards the formation of the Indian National Army (INA).
Action in Malaya.
The British force in the northern part of the Malaya Peninsula including Captain Mohan Singh's battalion, 1/14 Punjab Regiment, was fleeing towards the south. Mohan Singh's own forces had been outgunned and destroyed by superior Japanese forces at Jitra. Captured by Japanese troops after several days in the jungle, Singh was taken to Alor Star to Fujiwara and Pritam Singh at a joint office of the F-Kikan and the IIL. Fujiwara, later self-described as "Lawrence of the Indian National Army" (after Lawrence of Arabia) is said to have been a man committed to the values which his office was supposed to convey to the expatriate nationalist leaders, and found acceptance among them.
Indian National Army.
Although Pritam Singh was involved to a large extent, it was Fujiwara who, with his sincerity of purpose and belief, convinced Mohan Singh to betray his oath to the Crown by uniting with the Japanese mission for the greater motive of Indian independence. This included the promise that he would be treated as an ally and a friend, and not a prisoner of war. Initially helping Fujiwara to take control of the situation of looting and arson that had developed in Alor Star, Singh was in December 1941, after meeting with the Japanese commanding general, convinced of the feasibility of raising an armed Indian unit. Between himself, Pritam Singh and Fujiwara, Mohan Singh set about contacting Indians in the British Indian Army in South-east Asia, and also began recruiting from amongst those captured by the Japanese in Malaya. All Indian prisoners of war and stragglers were placed under his charge and he was asked to restore order in the town of Alor Star. Thus the nucleus what came to be the Indian National Army was born. Kuala Lumpur fell on 11 January 1942 with 3,500 Indian prisoners of war, and Singapore on 15 February with 85,000 British troops, of whom 45,000 were Indians. Mohan Singh asked for volunteers who would form the "Azad Hind Fauj" (Free India Army) to fight for liberating India from the British rule.
A large number of men came forward to join what came to be termed as the "Azad Hind Fauj" (National Army of independent India). The new set-up came into being on 1 September 1942 by which time the strength of volunteers had reached 40,000. Mohan Singh, now designated a general, was to command it. Already in a conference held at Bangkok during 15–23 June 1942, the Indian Independence League under the leadership of Rash Behari Bose, an Indian revolutionary who had escaped to Japan in June 1915 and who had been living there ever since, had been inaugurated. Through one of the 35 resolutions passed by the conference, Mohan Singh was appointed commander-in-chief of the "Army of Liberation for India," i.e. the Indian National Army.
Disagreements with Japan.
Though General Mohan Singh had kept good relationship with the members of Fujiwara Kikan, he was soon disenchanted regarding the intentions of some orders from the headquarters of Japanese army, wanted to use Indian National Army only as a part of Japanese army and who were deliberately withholding recognition and public proclamation about its entity as an independent liberation army. Some supreme commanders of Japanese army also had frustration against him. On 29 December 1942, General Mohan Singh was removed from his command and taken into custody by the Japanese military police.
It was only after the arrival of another Indian leader of great political standing, Subhas Chandra Bose, from Germany to the Far-Eastern front in June 1943 that the Indian National Army was revived in the form of "Azad Hind Fauj". However, Mohan Singh could not be reinstated to the revived army.
Upon Japan's defeat, Mohan Singh was taken into custody by the British and repatriated to India to face trials. However, due to public pressure, roused by the INA Red Fort trials, Mohan Singh was only cashiered from the Army. He subsequently served in the Indian Parliament as a member of the Rajya Sabha (Upper House).
Post 1947.
Mohan Singh's dream of independence was realized with India's Independence on 15 August 1947, but this was accompanied by the partition of the country into India and Pakistan. Mohan Singh had to leave his hearth and home in what then became Pakistan and came to India a homeless refugee. He was allotted some land in the village of Jugiana, near Ludhiana, where he settled permanently. He entered politics and joined the Indian National Congress. After a stint as a legislator in the Punjab, he was elected to "Rajya Sabha", the upper house of Indian Parliament, for two terms. In and out of Parliament he strove for the recognition of the members of his "Azad Hind Fauj" as "freedom fighters" in the cause of the nation's independence.
Death.
General Mohan Singh died at Jugiana on 26 December 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9662268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662268" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Huehuetenango">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Huehuetenango

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Huehuetenango (erected 22 July 1961, as the Territorial Prelature of Huehuetenango) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán. It was elevated on 23 December 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="9662284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662284" title="George N. Gordon">
George N. Gordon

George N. Gordon (1822 – May 20, 1861) was a Protestant Canadian missionary to the Pacific Islands. Due to the murder of him and his wife, they were considered to be martyrs of modern times by many.
George Gordon was born to Scottish parents near Alberton, Prince Edward Island in Canada. In 1848 he was converted to Christianity and began distributing Bibles and religious tracts. In 1850, he attended Presbyterian Theological Hall in West River, Nova Scotia. Gordon began his missionary work in Halifax City Mission where he would minister to the poor about the gospel of Christ.
He arrived on the coast of Erromango, an island near Vanuatu, in the Pacific Ocean, in June 1857 to evangelize among the natives. About forty natives of Erromango were converted to Christianity. However, in March 1861 sandalwood traders intentionally exposed the natives to measles, and Gordon spent most of his time caring for them, however, the two children of one of the island's chiefs had died in his care, and the chief thought that he had put a spell on his children, he banded together a group of warriors and killed both George and his wife on May 20, 1861.

</doc>
<doc id="9662298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662298" title="Competency Commission">
Competency Commission

Competency Commissions were established by the United States Government in the early 20th century to determine whether individual Indians were competent to utilize their lands allotted to them during the General Allotment Act of 1887. Individuals who were determined to be competent were issued fee patents on their land. The lands of Indian allotees determined to be non-competent were leased by the Federal Government, often to non-tribal members.
While a fee patent gives power to the allottee to decide whether to keep or sell the land, provided the harsh economic reality of the time, lack of access to credit and markets, liquidation of Indian lands was almost inevitable. It was known by the department of interior that virtually 95% of fee patented land would eventually be sold to whites (Robertson, 2002).
Indians who were determined to be non-competent often did not receive the income generated from the leasing of their lands. In 1996, the largest class-action lawsuit ever launched against the U.S. Government, Cobell vs. Norton, was filed on behalf of 300,000 trust fund beneficiaries who offered to settle for 27 billion dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="9662322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662322" title="Matt Bianco (album)">
Matt Bianco (album)

Matt Bianco was the second album by the British jazz/pop/soul band Matt Bianco, released in 1986 for WEA. For this album, the band's line-up was made up of vocalists Mark Reilly and Jenny Evans, and musician Mark Fisher.
Album background and chart history.
Jenny Evans and Mark Fisher were brought in after the departure of Polish singer Basia Trzetrzelewska and keyboard player Danny White, who left the original trio to establish a solo career for the female singer under the name of Basia. 
Evans would leave Matt Bianco shortly after this album, but Fisher would come to be a long-term member of the group. Fisher, a keyboardist, composer, and studio wizard, contributed a more contemporary sound to the band compared to that of the early Matt Bianco. The use of synthesizers increased notably: Yamaha's DX-7 can be heard providing the slap bass in most songs, but the choice of noted studio musicians remained consistent for this album, with Ronnie Ross being the most prominent example.
In terms of its chart position in the United Kingdom, this album was more successful than the debut album for the group, reaching #26. It also spun off three chart singles, although the only one to make the top 50 was "Yeh Yeh". "Yeh Yeh" was actually issued as a single about six months prior to the release of this album in September, 1985. A cover version of a song which had been a UK Number One for Georgie Fame and the Blue Flames in 1965, Matt Bianco's own version of "Yeh Yeh" got to a respectable #13, staying in the British charts for 10 weeks. 
The other two singles from this album, "Just Can't Stand It" and "Dancing in the Street", were both released in 1986, and only charted for 2 and 3 weeks, at #66 and #64 respectively.
After completing this album, Matt Bianco took a 13-piece band on a European tour that saw them perform in front of an audience of more than 250,000 attendees in total.
Track listing.
The CD and LP versions of this album feature a minor difference: "Yeh Yeh" appears in its 12" Dance Mix on the CD and on some LP editions, while the 7" version only appears on some vinyl records. Meanwhile, "both" the 7" and 12" versions are featured on some (but not all) cassette editions of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9662323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662323" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Suchitepéquez-Retalhuleu">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Suchitepéquez-Retalhuleu

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Suchitepéquez-Retalhuleu (erected 31 December 1996) is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán.

</doc>
<doc id="9662326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662326" title="Yang Gao">
Yang Gao

Yang Gao (楊杲) (607–618), nickname Jizi (季子), was an imperial prince of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty. He was the youngest son of Emperor Yang.
Yang Gao was born in 607, after Emperor Yang had already become emperor. His mother was Consort Xiao, of whom little is known, and she might have been a sister or a relative of Emperor Yang's wife Empress Xiao. In 613, he was created the Prince of Zhao. Yang Gao was said to be intelligent and handsome in his childhood, as well as filially pious—such that when Emperor Yang was ill and unable to eat, Yang Gao would refuse to eat as well, and when Empress Xiao was ill and considered moxibustion, he volunteered to undertake it first. Emperor Yang, when he was under siege by Tujue's Shibi Khan Ashina Duojishi in 615 at Yanmen (雁門, in modern Xinzhou, Shanxi), was recorded as so desperate that he was not doing anything except holding Yang Gao and crying.
In 618, while Emperor Yang was at Jiangdu (江都, in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), forces participating in a coup led by the general Yuwen Huaji entered the palace and surrounded him. Yang Gao was by his side, and started crying bitterly. Perhaps in irritation or perhaps to show Emperor Yang that the coup leaders were serious, Pei Qiantong (裴虔通) seized Yang Gao and killed him with a sword in Emperor Yang's presence, with Yang Gao's blood spilling onto Emperor Yang's clothes. Emperor Yang then offered to commit suicide, but was strangled to death instead. Empress Xiao and her ladies in waiting had to take decorative wooden boards within the palace to make makeshift caskets for Emperor Yang and Yang Gao.

</doc>
<doc id="9662358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662358" title="Marvin González">
Marvin González

Marvin René González Leiva (born April 17, 1982 in El Refugio) is a Salvadoran footballer who last played as a defender for Santa Tecla in the Salvadoran First Division.
Club career.
González came through the reserves of FAS in 2001 to claim his place in the senior team and to stay in there for almost a decade.
On July 2, 2010, González signed a two-year contract with Águila, starting with the Apertura 2010 season. Marvin González returned to FAS for the Apertura 2011.In 2013 he was released by FAS and Later sign with Santa Tecla F.C.
International career.
González made his debut for El Salvador in a November 2002 friendly match against the United States and had, as of May 2011, earned a total of 82 caps, scoring 1 goal. He has represented his country in 22 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2003, 2005, 2009 UNCAF Nations Cups and 2011 Copa Centroamericana. As well as at the 2003, 2009 and 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cups. González has received a total of 83 caps making him the top second capped player for El Salvador before Leonel Cárcamo (84 caps).
On September 20, 2013, González was one of 14 Salvadoran players banned for life due to their involvement with match fixing.

</doc>
<doc id="9662368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662368" title="Changping, Guangdong">
Changping, Guangdong

Changping town () ("lit:" long peace) is a town within the prefecture-level city of Dongguan, in Guangdong province, southern China. The town has a total area of and a population of 500,000.
Transportation.
The town is at the confluence of the Jingjiu, Guangzhou-Meizhou-Shantou and the Guangshen Railway, providing convenient links to many areas around China.
Dongguan Railway Station and Dongguan East Railway Station are located in the town, and a through train links directly from the Hung Hom station in Kowloon, Hong Kong. Changping also has two bus stations. Because of this, it is one of many border crossings from Hong Kong into mainland China and is also a popular way to come into mainland China for some during weekends.
Changping has several types of hire transportation, both licensed and unlicensed, including automobile, tuc-tuc, motorcycle, and cycle rickshaw. There are three types of automobile taxis in the town. The yellow and green automobile taxis are local taxis driven by local people (often former motorcycle taxis drivers.) A short ride will cost only seven yuan. The light blue taxis are Dongguan City taxis. While the ride will cost a little more than a local taxi these cars will drive to areas all around Dongguan. Unlicensed rogue taxis are anyone with a car or microvan looking to make money selling rides around town. Rogue taxis do not use a meter and will typically charge a flat rate of 15 yuan per trip into the town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="9662370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9662370" title="Brynjulf Bull">
Brynjulf Bull

Brynjulf Friis Bull (17 October 1906, in Oslo – 18 June 1993) was a Norwegian lawyer, Supreme Court advocate and Mayor of Oslo.
Brynjulf Bull was born in Kristiania and brought up in Alfaset in Oslo's Grorud Valley. Bull was the brother of the historian and politician Trygve Bull, and the father of Bernt Bull, former Norwegian State Secretary in the Ministry of the Environment and currently Senior Adviser in the Ministry of Health and Care Services.
He was a district attorney for cases of treason from 1945-47. As a politician he represented (with the nickname "Sitting Bull") the Norwegian Labour Party for a number of years as Deputy Mayor and Mayor in Oslo in 1951-55, 1960–61, and 1964–75. In 1966 he was a key figure in the resolution of the "theater strike." Bull was the driving force behind, and the first chairman of the board in Oslo Konserthus. In Oslo Brynjulf Bull's square, in the eastern part of City Hall Square of Oslo ("Rådhusplassen"), is named after him. In 1976, he received the Medal of St. Hallvard, the highest honor of the City of Oslo. In 1961, he was awarded the Petter Dass Medal ("Petter Dass -medaljen") for his active efforts in the reconstruction of the Northern Norwegian Student Foundation ("Nordnorsk Student- og Elevhjem").
Bull took his examen artium in 1925 at Oslo Cathedral School, and graduated in law in 1930.

</doc>
