<doc id="9716092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716092" title="Codeine">
Codeine

Codeine or 3-methylmorphine (a naturally occurring methylated morphine) is an opiate used for its analgesic, antitussive, antidiarrheal, antihypertensive, anxiolytic, antidepressant, sedative and hypnotic properties. It is also used to suppress premature labor contractions, myocardial infarction, and has many other potential and indicated uses. It is often sold as a salt in the form of either codeine sulfate or codeine phosphate in the United States and Canada; codeine hydrochloride is more common worldwide and the citrate, hydroiodide, hydrobromide, tartrate, and other salts are also seen.
Codeine is the second-most predominant alkaloid in opium, at up to three percent. Although codeine can be extracted from natural sources, a semi-synthetic process is the primary source of codeine for pharmaceutical use. It is considered the prototype of the weak to midrange opioids (tramadol, dextropropoxyphene, dihydrocodeine, hydrocodone, oxycodone).
It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medication needed in a basic health system.
Medical uses.
Codeine is used to treat mild to moderate pain and to relieve cough. Codeine is also used to treat diarrhea and diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome, although loperamide (which is available OTC for milder diarrhea), diphenoxylate, paregoric or even laudanum (also known as "Tincture of Opium") are more frequently used to treat severe diarrhea.
Formulations.
Codeine is marketed as both a single-ingredient drug and in combination preparations with paracetamol (as co-codamol: "e.g.," brands Paracod, Panadeine, and the Tylenol-with-codeine series, including Tylenol 3 and 1,2,4); with aspirin; (as co-codaprin); or with ibuprofen (as Nurofen Plus). These combinations provide greater pain relief than either agent alone (drug synergy).
Codeine is also commonly marketed in products containing codeine with other pain killers or muscle relaxers, as well as codeine mixed with phenacetin (Emprazil With Codeine No. 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5), naproxen, indomethacin, diclofenac, and others, as well as more complex mixtures, including such mixtures as aspirin + paracetamol + codeine ± caffeine ± antihistamines and other agents, such as those mentioned above.
Codeine-only products can be obtained with a prescription as a time release tablet ("e.g.," Codeine Contin 100 mg and Perduretas 50 mg). Codeine is also marketed in cough syrups with zero to a half-dozen other active ingredients, and a linctus ("e.g.," Paveral) for all of the uses for which codeine is indicated.
Injectable codeine is available for subcutaneous or intramuscular injection; intravenous injection can cause a serious reaction that can progress to anaphylaxis. Codeine suppositories are also marketed in some countries.
Adverse effects.
Common adverse effects associated with the use of codeine include drowsiness and constipation. Less common are itching, nausea, vomiting, dry mouth, miosis, orthostatic hypotension, urinary retention, depression, and coughing. Rare adverse effects include anaphylaxis, seizure, acute pancreatitis and respiratory depression. As with all opiates, longer-term effects can vary but can include diminished libido, apathy and memory loss. Some people may also have an allergic reaction to codeine, such as the swelling of skin and rashes.
Codeine and morphine as well as opium were used for control of diabetes until relatively recently, and still are in rare cases in some countries, and the hypoglycemic effect of codeine, although usually weaker than that of morphine, diamorphine, or hydromorphone, can lead to cravings for sugar.
Tolerance to many of the effects of codeine develops with prolonged use, including therapeutic effects. The rate at which this occurs develops at different rates for different effects, with tolerance to the constipation-inducing effects developing particularly slowly for instance.
A potentially serious adverse drug reaction, as with other opioids, is respiratory depression. This depression is dose-related and is a mechanism for the potentially fatal consequences of overdose. As codeine is metabolized to morphine, morphine can be passed through breast milk in potentially lethal amounts, fatally depressing the respiration of a breastfed baby.
In August 2012, the Federal Drug Administration issued a warning about deaths in pediatric patients < 6 years old after ingesting "normal" doses of acetaminophen with codeine after tonsillectomy.
Some patients are very effective converters of codeine to its active form, morphine, resulting in lethal blood levels. The FDA presently is recommending very cautious use of Codeine in young tonsillectomy patients: use the drug in the lowest amount that can control the pain, use "as needed" and not "around the clock", and seek immediate medical attention if a child on codeine exhibits excessive sedation or abnormally noisy breathing.
Withdrawal and dependence.
As with other opiate-based pain killers, chronic use of codeine can cause physical dependence. When physical dependence has developed, withdrawal symptoms may occur if a person suddenly stops the medication. Withdrawal symptoms include: drug craving, runny nose, yawning, sweating, insomnia, weakness, stomach cramps, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, muscle spasms, chills, irritability, and pain. To minimize withdrawal symptoms, long-term users should gradually reduce their codeine medication under the supervision of a healthcare professional.
Codeine is metabolized to codeine-6-glucuronide (C6G) by uridine diphosphate glucuronosyl transferase UGT2B7, and, since only about 5% of codeine is metabolized by cytochrome P450 CYP2D6, the current evidence is that C6G is the primary active compound. Claims about the supposed "ceiling effect" of codeine doses are based on the assumption that high doses of codeine saturate CYP2D6, preventing further conversion of codeine to morphine, however it is now known that C6G is the main metabolite responsible for codeine's analgesia.
There is also no evidence that CYP2D6 inhibition is useful in treating codeine dependence, though the metabolism of codeine to morphine (and hence further metabolism to glucuronide morphine conjugates) does have an effect on the abuse potential of codeine. However, CYP2D6 has been implicated in the toxicity and death of neonates when codeine is administered to lactating mothers, particularly those with increased 2D6 activity ("ultra-rapid" metabolizers).
Pharmacokinetics.
The conversion of codeine to morphine occurs in the liver and is catalysed by the cytochrome P450 enzyme CYP2D6. CYP3A4 produces norcodeine and UGT2B7 conjugates codeine, norcodeine, and morphine to the corresponding 3- and 6- glucuronides. Srinivasan, Wielbo and Tebbett speculate that codeine-6-glucuronide is responsible for a large percentage of the analgesia of codeine, and, thus, these patients should experience some analgesia. Many of the adverse effects will still be experienced in poor metabolizers. Conversely, 0.5-2% of the population are "extensive metabolizers"; multiple copies of the gene for 2D6 produce high levels of CYP2D6 and will metabolize drugs through that pathway more quickly than others.
Some medications are CYP2D6 inhibitors and reduce or even completely block the conversion of codeine to morphine. The most well-known of these are two of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, paroxetine (Paxil) and fluoxetine (Prozac) as well as the antihistamine diphenhydramine (Benadryl) and the antidepressant, bupropion (Wellbutrin, also known as Zyban). Other drugs, such as rifampicin and dexamethasone, induce CYP450 isozymes and thus increase the conversion rate.
CYP2D6 converts codeine into morphine, which then undergoes glucuronidation. Life-threatening intoxication, including respiratory depression requiring intubation, can develop over a matter of days in patients who have multiple functional alleles of CYP2D6, resulting in ultra-rapid metabolism of opioids such as codeine into morphine.
Studies on codeine's analgesic effect are consistent with the idea that metabolism by CYP2D6 to morphine is important, but some studies show no major differences between those who are poor metabolizers and extensive metabolizers. Evidence supporting the hypothesis that ultrarapid metabolizers may get greater analgesia from codeine due to increased morphine formation is limited to case reports.
Due to increased metabolism of codeine to morphine, ultrarapid metabolizers (those possessing more than 2 functional copies of the CYP2D6 allele) are at increased risk of adverse drug effects related to morphine toxicity. Guidelines released by the Clinical Pharmacogenomics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) advise against administering codeine to ultrarapid metabolizers, where this genetic information is available. The CPIC also suggests that codeine use be avoided in poor metabolizers, due to its lack of efficacy in this group.
The active metabolites of codeine, notably morphine, exert their effects by binding to and activating the μ-opioid receptor.
Relation to other opiates.
Codeine has been used in the past as the starting material and prototype of a large class of mainly mild to moderately strong opioids; such as hydrocodone (1920 in Germany), oxycodone (1916 in Germany), dihydrocodeine (1908 in Germany), and its derivatives such as nicocodeine (1956 in Austria). However, these opiates are no longer synthesized from codeine and are usually synthesized from other opioid alkaloids; specifically thebaine. Other series of codeine derivatives include isocodeine and its derivatives, which were developed in Germany starting around 1920.
As an analgesic, codeine compares moderately to other opiates. Related to codeine in other ways are codoxime, thebacon, codeine-"N"-oxide (genocodeine), related to the nitrogen morphine derivatives as is codeine methobromide, and heterocodeine, which is a drug six times stronger than morphine and 72 times stronger than codeine due to a small re-arrangement of the molecule, viz. moving the methyl group from the 3 to the 6 position on the morphine carbon skeleton.
Drugs bearing resemblance to codeine in effects due to close structural relationship are variations on the methyl groups at the 3 position including ethylmorphine a.k.a. codethyline (Dionine) and benzylmorphine (Peronine). While having no narcotic effects of its own, the important opioid precursor thebaine differs from codeine only slightly in structure. Pseudocodeine and some other similar alkaloids not currently used in medicine are found in trace amounts in opium as well.
History.
Codeine, or 3-methylmorphine, is an alkaloid found in the opium poppy, "Papaver somniferum var. album", a plant in the papaveraceae family. Opium poppy has been cultivated and utilized throughout human history for a variety of medicinal (analgesic, anti-tussive and anti-diarrheal) and hypnotic properties linked to the diversity of its active components, which include morphine, codeine and papaverine.
Codeine is found in concentrations of 1.0 to 3.0 per cent in opium prepared by the latex method from unripe pods of "Papaver somniferum". The name codeine is derived from the Greek word "kodeia" (κώδεια) for "poppy head". The relative proportion of codeine to morphine, the most common opium alkaloid at 4 to 23 per cent, tends to be somewhat higher in the poppy straw method of preparing opium alkaloids.
Until the beginning of the 19th century, raw opium was used in diverse preparations known as laudanum (see Thomas de Quincey's "Confessions of an English Opium-Eater", 1821) and paregoric elixirs, a number of which were popular in England since the beginning of the 18th century; the original preparation seems to have been elaborated in Leiden, the Netherlands around 1715 by a chemist named Lemort; in 1721 the London Pharmocopeia mentions an Elixir Asthmaticum, replaced by the term Elixir Paregoricum ("pain soother") in 1746.
The progressive isolation of opium's several active components opened the path to improved selectivity and safety of the opiates-based pharmacopeia.
Morphine had already been isolated in Germany by German pharmacist Friedrich Sertürner in 1804. Codeine was first isolated decades later in 1832 in France by Pierre Robiquet, a French chemist and pharmacist already famous for the discovery of alizarin, the most widespread red dye, while working on refined morphine extraction processes. This paved the way for the elaboration of a new generation of safer, codeine-based specific antitussive and antidiarrheal formulations.
Codeine is currently the most widely used opiate in the world, and is one of the most commonly used drugs overall according to numerous reports by organizations including the World Health Organization and its League of Nations predecessor agency. It is one of the most effective orally administered opioid analgesics and has a wide safety margin. Its strength ranges from 8 to 12 percent of morphine in most people; differences in metabolism can change this figure as can other medications, depending on its route of administration.
While codeine can be directly extracted from opium, its original source, most codeine is synthesized from the much more abundant morphine through the process of O-methylation.
By 1972, the effects of the War On Drugs had caused across-the-board shortages of illicit and licit opiates because of a scarcity of natural opium, poppy straw, and other sources of opium alkaloids, and the geopolitical situation was growing difficult for the United States. After a large percentage of the opium and morphine in the US National Stockpile of Strategic & Critical Materials was tapped in order to ease severe shortages of medicinal opiates — the codeine-based antitussives in particular — in late 1973, researchers were tasked with finding a way to synthesize codeine and its derivatives. They quickly succeeded using petroleum or coal tar and a process developed at the United States' National Institutes of Health.
Numerous codeine salts have been prepared since the drug was discovered. The most commonly used are the hydrochloride (freebase conversion ratio 0.805), phosphate (0.736), sulphate (0.859), and citrate (0.842). Others include a salicylate NSAID, codeine salicylate (0.686), and at least four codeine-based barbiturates, the cyclohexenylethylbarbiturate (0.559), cyclopentenylallylbarbiturate (0.561), diallylbarbiturate (0.561), and diethylbarbiturate (0.619).
Recreational use.
Codeine can be used as a recreational drug.
In some countries, cough syrups and tablets containing codeine are available without prescription; some potential recreational users are reported to buy codeine from multiple pharmacies so as not to arouse suspicion. In some countries, in an effort to reduce recreational use, all OTC purchases of codeine are electronically recorded, and any pharmacy can access these records if desired. A heroin addict may use codeine to ward off the effects of a withdrawal.
Codeine is also available in conjunction with the anti-nausea medication promethazine in the form of a syrup. Brand named as Phenergan with Codeine or in generic form as promethazine with codeine. Called 'syrup', 'lean', or 'purple drank', this medication is quickly becoming one of the most commonly misused codeine preparations. Rapper Pimp C, from the group UGK, died from an overdose of this combination. This mixture is, owing to promethazine being a prescription-only antihistamine, available only on prescription in all 50 USA states.
Whilst all sedating antihistamines will potentiate the effects of codeine, enzyme induction leading to greater hepatic conversion of codeine to morphine is the reason for both the clinical and recreational use of promethazine with codeine. This was the case all the more with another drug, Doriden (glutethemide) (q.v.) Codeine and glutethidmide were taken in combination known as Loads, Dors & Fours, and Six Packs (two Doriden tablets or 1000 mg of glutethimide and four tablets of a codeine combination totalling 240 mg of codeine) as a substitute for heroin or a primary opioid drug of choice; first mentioned in medical journals in the late 1960s, then reappearing along with Ts & Blues (pentazocine and tripelennamine) during the late 1970s. Glutethimide was off the market by the end of 1988 around the world, but the use of this combination is apparently a major driver for the small amount of illicit glutethimide synthesis uncovered since that time. Taking the combination on an empty stomach was particularly favoured for partially approximating the rush and bang of injecting heroin or morphine.
Codeine is also demethylated by reaction with pyridine to synthesize morphine, which can then be acetylated to make heroin (diacetylmorphine). Pyridine is toxic and possibly carcinogenic, so morphine produced in this manner (and potentially contaminated with pyridine) may be particularly harmful. Codeine can also be turned into α-chlorocodide, which is used in the clandestine synthesis of desomorphine (Permonid) (desomorphine attracted attention in 2010 in Russia due to an upsurge in clandestine production, presumably due to its relatively simple synthesis from codeine. The drug is easily made from codeine, iodine and red phosphorus, in a similar process to the manufacture of methamphetamine from pseudoephedrine, but desomorphine made this way is highly impure and contaminated with various toxic and corrosive byproducts.).
Detection.
Codeine and/or its major metabolites may be quantitative in blood, plasma or urine to monitor therapy, confirm a diagnosis of poisoning or assist in a medico-legal death investigation. Drug abuse screening programs generally test urine, hair, sweat or saliva. Many commercial opiate screening tests directed at morphine cross-react appreciably with codeine and its metabolites, but chromatographic techniques can easily distinguish codeine from other opiates and opioids. It is important to note that codeine usage results in significant amounts of morphine as an excretion product. Furthermore, heroin contains codeine (or acetyl codeine) as an impurity and its use will result in excretion of small amounts of codeine. Poppy seed foods represent yet another source of low levels of codeine in one's biofluids. Blood or plasma codeine concentrations are typically in the 50–300 µg/L range in persons taking the drug therapeutically, 700–7000 µg/L in chronic users and 1000–10,000 µg/L in cases of acute fatal over dosage.
Legal status.
In Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Sweden, the United Kingdom, the United States and many other countries, codeine is regulated under various narcotic control laws. In some countries it is available without a medical prescription in combination preparations from licensed pharmacists in doses up to 15 mg.
Australia.
In Australia, codeine preparations must be sold only at a pharmacy. Preparations will often be a combination of paracetamol (500 mg), ibuprofen (200 mg) and doxylamine succinate (5 mg), and the codeine content may range from 5 mg to 15 mg; preparations with in excess of 15 mg per tablet are S4 (Schedule 4, or "Prescription Only") medications. The item is given over the counter, no prescriptions, at the discretion of the pharmacist. Most preparations are considered S3 (schedule 3, or "Pharmacist Only") medications, meaning that they must be sold with the direct involvement of a pharmacist. It must be labelled and usage history monitored by the pharmacist to help deter misuse and dependence. The exception to this rule is cold and flu preparations such as "Codral". These preparations contain phenylephrine (5 mg), paracetamol (500 mg) and codeine (9.5 mg).
Preparations containing pure codeine (e.g., codeine phosphate tablets or codeine phosphate linctus) are available on prescription and are considered S8 (Schedule 8, or "Controlled Drug Possession without authority illegal"). Schedule 8 preparations are subject to the strictest regulation of all medications available to consumers.
Denmark.
In Denmark codeine is sold over the counter with max 9.6 mg in mixture. The item is given over the counter, no prescriptions. The strongest available over the counter preparation containing codeine has 9.6 mg (with aspirin, brand name Kodimagnyl); anything stronger requires a prescription.
France.
In France, most preparations containing codeine do not require a doctor's prescription. Example products containing codeine include Néocodion (cough pills, and syrup), Codoliprane (codeine with paracetamol), Prontalgine and Migralgine (codeine, paracetamol and caffeine).
Germany, Switzerland and Austria.
Codeine is listed under the "Betäubungsmittelgesetz" in Germany and the similarly named narcotics and controlled substances law in Switzerland. In Austria, the drug is listed under the "Suchtmittelgesetz" in categories corresponding to their classification under the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. Dispensing of products containing codeine and similar drugs (dihydrocodeine, nicocodeine, benzylmorphine, ethylmorphine etc.), in general, requires a prescription order from a doctor or the discretion of the pharmacist.
Municipal and provincial regulations may impact availability, in particular in Austria and Switzerland, which allows cities and provinces to regulate the selling of the least-regulated schedule of the SMG/BtMG. Individual chemists' shops can opt out of providing them or imposing volume, frequency, or single-purchase limitations and other things of the same store. Plain codeine hydrochloride tablets (which in the USA would share CSA Schedule II with drugs like morphine, cocaine, hydromorphone, and bezitramide) as well as other non-injectable forms of codeine and its midrange derivatives can be dispensed in this way; the same goes for most chemical classes of benzodiazepines, the majority of non-barbiturate sedative/hypnotics, and at least a handful of barbiturates.
Title 76 of the Schengen treaty has made it possible for countries within the signatory states to import and export drugs with various provisos, recording and ordering requirements, and various other rules.
Greece.
Codeine is classed as an illegal drug in Greece, and individuals possessing it could conceivably be arrested, even if they were legitimately prescribed it in another country. It is sold only with a doctor's prescription (Lonarid-N, Lonalgal).
Hong Kong.
In Hong Kong, codeine is regulated under Laws of Hong Kong, Dangerous Drugs Ordinance, Chapter 134, Schedule 1. It can be used legally only by health professionals and for university research purposes. The substance can be given by pharmacists under a prescription. Anyone who supplies the substance without prescription can be fined $10,000 (HKD). The maximum penalty for trafficking or manufacturing the substance is a $5,000,000 (HKD) fine and life imprisonment. Possession of the substance for consumption without license from the Department of Health is illegal with a $1,000,000 (HKD) fine and/or 7 years of jail time.
However, codeine is available without prescription from licensed pharmacists in doses up to 0.1% (i.e. 5 mg/5ml)
Iceland.
Preparations of paracetamol and codeine require a prescription in Iceland. These tablets are known as "Parkódín".
India.
Codeine preparations require a prescription in India. A preparation of paracetamol and codeine is available in India. Codeine is also present in various cough syrups as codeine phosphate. As of now i.e 17 June 2014, Codeine phosphate is not legal anymore.
Iran.
Preparations of codeine in Iran normally comes with paracetamol, but can be purchased over-the-counter. Iran's deputy health minister reported that codeine is Iran's best selling OTC medication. The recreational use of codeine has also become widespread throughout Iran but authorities continue to let codeine be purchased without permission from a doctor, although the pharmacist may ask for the identification of the purchaser to verify they are 18 years or older to buy.
Ireland.
In Ireland, new regulations came into effect on August 1, 2010 concerning codeine, due to worries about the overuse of the drug. Codeine remains a semi non-prescriptive, over-the-counter drug up to a limit of 12.8 mg per pill, but codeine products must be out of the view of the public to facilitate the legislative requirement that these products “are not accessible to the public for self-selection”. In practice, this means customers must ask pharmacists for the product containing codeine in name, and the pharmacist makes a judgement whether it is suitable for the patient to be using codeine, and that patients are fully advised of the correct use of these products. Products containing more than 12.8 mg codeine are available on prescription only.
Italy.
Codeine tablets or preparations require a prescription in Italy. Preparations of paracetamol and codeine are available in Italy as "Co-Efferalgan" and "Tachidol".
Japan.
Codeine and similar mid-level centrally acting agents in combination with non-opioid analgesics, antihistamines, vitamins, inert GI agents like kaolin & pectin, mild laxatives, antacids, and herbal preparations, can be purchased over the counter, with 10 mg being the ceiling for OTC dispensing. This is also true of ethylmorphine and dihydrocodeine, and also diphenoxylate, some weak relatives of the thiambutene opioid family.
Maldives.
The Maldives takes an infamously strict line on medicines, with many common drugs, notably anything with containing codeine being banned unless you have a notarized and authenticated doctor's prescription. Visitors breaking the rules, even inadvertently, have been deported or imprisoned.
Romania.
Codeine is not allowed without a medical prescription. Codeine is sold under the name Farmacod and its concentration does not exceed 15 mg. There is a known combination of acetylsalicylic acid, paracetamol and codeine phosphate hemihydrate named Aspaco that is allowed without a medical prescription but its case is signed with an exclamation red symbol which means that driving won't be allowed during treatment. There are no sanctions whether the drug is given without a prescription.
Russia.
According to ITAR-Tass and Austria Presse-Agentur, OTC availability of codeine products was rescinded nationwide in 2012 because of the discovery of the Krokodil method of underground desomorphine synthesis. Opponents of the move point out that codeine has not been available OTC in 22 of Russia's oblasts for years and the demand will call forth its own supply, meaning that only legitimate end users are negatively impacted (activist quoted in Pravda story on issue)
Spain.
Codeine tablets or preparations require a prescription in Spain, although this is often not enforced and many pharmacies will sell codeine products without the requirement of a prescription.
Sri Lanka.
Codeine preparations are available as over the counter pharmacy medicines in Sri Lanka. The most common preparation is Panadeine, which contains 500 mg of Paracetamol and 8 mg of Codeine.
United Arab Emirates.
The UAE takes an exceptionally strict line on medicines, with many common drugs, notably anything containing codeine being banned unless you have a notarized and authenticated doctor's prescription. Visitors breaking the rules, even inadvertently, have been deported or imprisoned. The US Embassy to the UAE maintains an unofficial list of what may not be imported.
United Kingdom.
In the United Kingdom, the sale and possession of codeine are restricted separately under law.
Neat codeine and higher-strength codeine formulations are generally prescription-only medicines (POM) meaning that the sale of such products is restricted under the Medicines Act 1968. Lower-strength products containing combinations of up to 12.8 mg of codeine per dosage unit, combined with paracetamol, ibuprofen or aspirin are available over the counter at pharmacies. Codeine linctus of 15 mg per 5 ml is also available at some pharmacies, although a purchaser would have to request it specifically from the pharmacist.
Under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 codeine is a Class B controlled substance or a Class A drug when prepared for injection. The possession of controlled substances without a prescription is a criminal offence. However, certain preparations of codeine are exempt from this restriction under Schedule 5 of the Misuse of Drugs Regulations 2001. It is thus legal to possess codeine without a prescription, provided that it is compounded with at least one other active or inactive ingredient and that the dosage of each tablet, capsule, etc. does not exceed 100 mg or 2.5% concentration in the case of liquid preparations. The exemptions do not to apply to any preparation of codeine designed for injection.
United States.
Bulk codeine falls into two categories, that for mixing into medicines which can be Schedule II, III, IV, or V depending on concentration, and that used as a precursor in making other drugs. Both categories of bulk codeine are Schedule II controlled substances, both with an ACSCN of 9050: bulk codeine for sale has an aggregate annual manufacturing quota for the US of 49 506.25 kilos as of 2013. Bulk codeine for conversion has a quota of 81 250 kilos, both unchanged from the prior year.
Narcotic content number in the US names of codeine tablets and combination products like Tylenol With Codeine No. 3, Emprin With Codeine No. 4, the former Emprazil With Codeine No. 5 and pure codeine tablets are as follows: No. 1 - 7½ or 8 mg (1/8 grain), No. 2 - 15 or 16 mg (1/4 grain), No. 3 - 30 or 32 mg (1/2 grain), No. 4 - 60 or 64 mg (1 grain), No. 5 - 90 or 96 mg (1 1/2 grains). The Canadian "Frosst 222" series is identical to the above list: "222" contains 8 mg codeine, "282" 15 mg, "292" 30 mg, and "293" 60 mg. This system, which is also used at present in the trade names of some dihydrocodeine and ethylmorphine products both in and outside of North America, was inaugurated with the Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 and related legislation and refined since. For example, the dihydrocodeine/aspirin/caffeine capsule Synalgos DC and its generic equivalents and paracetamol analogues are labelled as No. 2 (16 mg) or No. 3 (32 mg) in most cases; the No. 1 and 4 products disappered decades ago, as did plain Synalgos without narcotic content.
Equivalent scales for labeling stronger opioids such as diacetylmorphine (heroin), morphine, opium salts mixtures, and others were in common use in the past, and on occasion one can find past references to brand names for hydrocodone (invented 1920, introduced in US 1943), hydromorphone (invented 1924), oxycodone (invented 1916), paregoric and similar drugs containing narcotic content numbers. For example. from circa 1900 to 1925, the most common cough medicine was terpin hydrate With Heroin Elixir No. 2.
Contrary to the advertising matter of some pharmacies, 60 mg is No. 4, not No. 6, and tablets with 45 mg of codeine are not No. 4 and would in all likelihood be classified as No. 3½ under that system. Whether the scale goes to No. 6 (presumably 2 grains or 120 or 128 mg) and higher is moot at this point, as in the United States and Canada single-dose-unit concentrations of more than 64 mg are no longer manufactured. The United States Controlled Substances Act of 1970 does place dosage unit strengths of 90 mg of codeine and higher in Schedule II, even if mixed with another active ingredient.
Oral tablets, hypodermic tablets, liquid forms, and capsules of less common doses are available in some cases the equivalent dihydrocodeine, dionine, benzylmorphine, and opium dosages were previously available in North America (and in most cases still are in other countries, particularly the 45 mg paracetamol/codeine and 50 and 100 mg single-ingredient codeine tablets).
In the United States, codeine is regulated by the Controlled Substances Act. Federal law dictates that codeine be a Schedule II controlled substance when used in products for pain-relief that contain codeine alone or more than 90 mg per dosage unit. Tablets of codeine in combination with aspirin or acetaminophen (paracetamol/Tylenol) made for pain relief are listed as Schedule III; and cough syrups are Schedule III or V, depending on formula. The acetaminophen/codeine pain-relief elixir (trade name Tylenol Elixir with Codeine) is a Schedule IV controlled substance.
Some states have chosen to classify Schedule V codeine preparations into a more restrictive schedule in order to cut down the abuse of prescription codeine preparations. Minnesota, for instance, has chosen to reclassify Schedule V codeine preparations (such as Cheratussin) as a Schedule II controlled substance.
Preparations for cough or diarrhea containing small amounts of codeine in combination with two or more other active ingredients are Schedule V in the US, and in some states may be dispensed in amounts up to 4 fl. oz. per 48 hours (one or two states set the limit at 4 fl. oz. per 72 hours) without a prescription. Schedule V specifically consigns the product to state and local regulation beyond certain required record-keeping requirements (a dispensary log must be maintained for two years in a ledger from which pages cannot easily be removed and/or are pre-numbered, and the pharmacist must ask for photo identification) and also maintain controlled substances in the closed system at the root of the régime intended by the Controlled Substances Act of 1970; the codeine in these products was a Schedule II substance when the company making the Schedule V product acquired it for mixing up the end-product.
In locales where dilute codeine preparations are non-prescription, anywhere from very few to perhaps a moderate percentage of pharmacists will sell these preparations without a prescription. However, many states have their own laws that do require a prescription for Schedule V drugs. The December 2008 issue of "The Bulletin of the National Codeine OTC Lobby" (Vol. XVIII, No. 4) listed 12 states with some kind of OTC access to codeine, noting that small independent pharmacies are the most likely to have it. This situation is roughly equivalent to that in February 1991, when the aforementioned organisation undertook its first comprehensive study of Schedule V and overall codeine, dihydrocodeine, ethylmorphine, and hydrocodone availability.
Other drugs that are present in Schedule V narcotic preparations like the codeine syrups are ethylmorphine and dihydrocodeine. Paregoric and hydrocodone were transferred to Schedule III from Schedule V even if the preparation contains two or more other active ingredients, and diphenoxylate is usually covered by state prescription laws even though this relative of pethidine is a Schedule V substance when adulterated with atropine to prevent abuse.
Around the world, codeine is, contingent on its concentration, a Schedule II and III drug under the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="9716095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716095" title="Ann Ballin">
Ann Ballin

Dame Reubina Ann Ballin (20 February 1932 – 2 September 2003) was knighted for her contributions to the welfare of New Zealanders. She attended St Hilda's Collegiate School, Waikato Diocesan School, the University of Auckland and the University of Canterbury (MA).
She was chairperson of the Victims’ Task Force from 1988 to 1993 and pioneered changes in the criminal justice system to ensure greater justice for victims of crime. From 1987 to 1995, she was Chairperson of the New Zealand Council for Recreation and was a member of the Hillary Commission on Recreation and Sport from 1987 to 1990. 
From 1987 to 1988, she was a member of the Royal Commission on Social Policy and during 1980 to 1982 Chairperson of the National Committee of the International Year of Disabled Persons.
She died on 2 September 2003, aged 71, from undisclosed causes.

</doc>
<doc id="9716105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716105" title="Suzanne Daley">
Suzanne Daley

Suzanne M. Daley is an American journalist who was the national editor for "The New York Times" from 2005 to 2010. In early 2010 she returned to reporting with responsibility for special assignment feature writing across Europe.
Daley joined the "Times" in 1978 after graduating from Hampshire College.
Daley's previous posts include:
Personal.
Daley was previously married to Donald McNeil, Jr., currently a science reporter for the "Times". They have two daughters, named Avery and Galen.
Her father Robert and grandfather Arthur were both sports writers for the "Times." Her grandfather won a Pulitzer Prize for a Sports of the Times column in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="9716108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716108" title="Augustów Primeval Forest">
Augustów Primeval Forest

Augustów Primeval Forest or Augustów Forest (, , ) is a large virgin forest complex located in Poland as well as in northern Belarus and southeastern Lithuania. The forest covers about 1,600 km², of which 1,140 km² is in Poland.
The Polish part of the forest is located in Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern part of the country.
The northern part of the Augustów Primeval Forest has been turned into one of the youngest Polish national parks. It was established in 1989, as the Wigry National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="9716158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716158" title="Lewes Old Grammar School">
Lewes Old Grammar School

Lewes Old Grammar School (LOGS) in Lewes, East Sussex, is an independent co-educational day school accredited by the Independent Schools Council.
History.
The School can trace its origins back to the educational foundation started by Agnes Morley in 1512, making it the 38th oldest school in the country. The school was proprietarial until 1989 when an educational trust was founded and is now governed by eight trustees.
The School has been at its current site at the top of the Lewes High Street since the 19th century. Morley House, the junior school, which includes the Early Years and Foundation Stage (EYFS), is situated in a residential suburb, in a house which has been updated and extended. The senior school occupies three listed houses in the High Street of Lewes which have been refurbished and extended.
Curriculum.
The Junior School, for ages 4–11, is housed in its own building, Morley House in King Henry's Road. The Senior School is situated in the centre of Lewes, occupying three former townhouses, Mead House, Tyne House and St. Clair House, all of which are grade II listed buildings. The curriculum followed includes three foreign languages (French, Spanish and German), and sciences are studied as individual subjects at senior level. Expansions to the sixth form college have allowed for the study of psychology, theatre, and graphic design.
Extra-curricular activities.
The sixth form produces a number of theatrical events, featuring the orchestra, choir and actors from the school. The most notable of these is the annual VIth form pantomime, performed on the last day of the Autumn term. The last assembly of each academic year is primarily held and organised by the leaving upper VIth form.
The school has a number of regular "trips", among them the annual ski trip, a week spent at a sports training camp in Lanzarote, and every two years some members of the VIth form venture to Morocco for 10–11 days, visiting Marrakech, Zagora, and travelling into the High Atlas mountains to visit a school with which LOGS has been in contact with regularly. In recent years LOGS and this school have carried out exchanges, LOGS having several fundraising events in order to pay for travel from Morocco to the UK.
Every year the senior school carries out a sponsored "school walk"—usually from the senior school in Lewes across some of the South Downs to Stanmer Park and back. One of the most popular charities is Fish Aid—a charity set up in memory of a former student of LOGS who died of cancer.
There are three houses in the school—DeMontfort house, Barbican house, and Malling house. Each of the houses competes in several events throughout the year. Each house performs a Christmas pantomime before the VIth form pantomime on the last day of Autumn Term.

</doc>
<doc id="9716169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716169" title="Márcia Leal">
Márcia Leal

Márcia Leal (born February 8, 1980) is a Portuguese actress. A fixture in telenovelas and TV series, she was part of the cast of productions such as "A Minha Família é Uma Animação" (2000), "Anjo Selvagem" (2001/02), "Maré Alta" (2004), "Ninguem Como Tu" (2005) and "Fala-me de Amor" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="9716172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716172" title="Amsoldingersee">
Amsoldingersee

Amsoldingersee is small lake adjacent to the town of Amsoldingen, in the Upper Gürbetal. It is located near the city of Thun, Switzerland. The lake has a surface area of 38 hectares and a maximum length of 1.1 km and width of 500 m. The maximum depth is 14 m. It is fed by Rotmoos-Bach from the smaller Uebeschisee.

</doc>
<doc id="9716199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716199" title="Joseph Sexton">
Joseph Sexton

Joseph Sexton is an American journalist who has been the metropolitan news editor of "The New York Times" since 2006. Previously, he had been deputy metropolitan news editor since 2003.
As deputy metropolitan news editor for investigations and enterprise (a post he held until 2003), among the series he oversaw was one by Clifford J. Levy on the abuse of mentally ill adults in group homes in New York which won the Pulitzer Prize for investigative reporting in 2003.
Career.
Sexton studied Irish politics, history and literature at the School of Irish Studies in Dublin, Ireland in 1980, then received a B.A. degree in English from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1982.
In 1984 Sexton was a founding member of "The City Sun", an African American weekly newspaper based in Brooklyn that was founded by Andrew W. Cooper. The "City Sun" folded in 1996. He has also worked for the "Bergen Record", the "Syracuse Post-Standard" and United Press International.
Sexton joined the "Times" in 1987 as a sports reporter, covering major league baseball and the National Hockey League.
Sexton's other posts at the "Times" include:

</doc>
<doc id="9716201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716201" title="Idiosepius minimus">
Idiosepius minimus

Idiosepius minimus is a species of bobtail squid native to the "coast of Africa" where it occurs in shallow, inshore waters.
"I. minimus" grows to 15 mm in mantle length.
The type locality of "I. minimus" is not designated. The type specimen was originally deposited at the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris, but is no longer extant.
The validity of "I. minimus" has been questioned.

</doc>
<doc id="9716326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716326" title="World Trade Center New Orleans">
World Trade Center New Orleans

The World Trade Center of New Orleans is the founding member of the World Trade Centers Association, a worldwide association of over 300 World Trade Centers in nearly 100 countries. The mission of the World Trade Center of New Orleans is to create jobs and wealth in Louisiana through international trade. 
General Information.
The World Trade Center of New Orleans is a non-profit organization of +1,000 corporate and individual members. This membership base represents a diverse group of industry leaders, companies, professional organizations, and government institutions that include manufacturers, energy, agriculture, maritime, digital media, foreign consulates, and other interests. In 2012, member organizations were able to significantly contribute to Louisiana's record-breaking exports, the total value of which exceeded $63 billion. The organization is headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S.A.Its office has relocated from the former World Trade Center Building, located at 2 Canal Street and now operates from the office tower of One Canal Place. The office tower of One Canal Place is located in the Central Business District of New Orleans, and is the ninth tallest building in the city.
History.
The International House, chartered in 1943, and the International Trade Mart, chartered in 1945, were the two predecessor organizations of the World Trade Center of New Orleans. Plans for a monumental structure to house both organizations were drafted. Several plots of land were purchased at 2 Canal Street where the new ITM building was constructed. The formal Dedication Ceremony of the ITM building took place on April 30, 1968, as part of a celebration of the 250th anniversary of the founding of New Orleans. Ambassadors from around the world visited the city of New Orleans. Parades and banquets were held, and the Organization of American States brought its first meeting outside of Washington, D.C., to New Orleans.
The concept of the International Trade Mart launched the formation of a worldwide league of trade centers, which led to the founding of the World Trade Centers Association. The World Trade Centers Association now comprises more than 300 World Trade Centers in nearly 100 countries.
Leadership.
David Kearney is the Chairman of the World Trade Center New Orleans, and also the president of Kearney Companies. Dominik Knoll is the Chief Executive Officer of the World Trade Center New Orleans.The organization is run by a board of directors.
Location.
365 Canal Street<br> Suite 1120 
New Orleans, LA 70130
USA
See also.
Forbes - A Look into America's Fastest Growing City

</doc>
<doc id="9716336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716336" title="Henri Fabergé and the Adorables">
Henri Fabergé and the Adorables

Henri Fabergé and the Adorables are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2005 from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
History.
Henri Fabergé and the Adorables formed in 2005 and is a musical collective including members of The Bicycles, Born Ruffians, Spitfires & Mayflowers, Woodhands, The Rural Alberta Advantage and The Meligrove Band, the Adorables most commonly consist of Henri Fabergé (Henry Fletcher), Juliann Wilding, Janderton Beauregard (Andy Lloyd), Maylee Todd, Dana Snell, Laura Barrett, Dan Werb, and Johnny Ortved. Past and occasional members include Niall Fynes, Keith Hamilton, Tom MacCammon, Luke LaLonde, Mitch DeRosier, Steve Hamelin, Andrew Scott, Brendan Howlett, Ruhee Dewji, Kelly Sue O'Connor (Mal de Mer)(founder of The Bore Music Festival), Peter Thorne, Sara Jane McKenzie, Matt Beckett, Drew Smith, Randy Lee and Paul Banwatt.
The band released its self-titled debut album in 2006. The album was recorded by Ryan Mills at Sleepytown Sound, in Henri's living room and at The Embassy bar in Kensington Market.
From 2005 until 2008, the Adorables held a residency at The Embassy in Kensington Market occurring the first Wednesday of every month. These shows became local folklore and were one of the best parties in Toronto at the time. Many Canadian bands played early shows at these events, namely: Born Ruffians, Woodhands (their 2nd show with Paul Banwatt), Maylee Todd, The Rural Alberta Advantage, and DD/MM/YYYY.
"The R3-30".
The single "Ventriloquist Love" reached the No. 1 spot on CBC Radio 3's "The R3-30" chart on January 4, 2007,
"The R3-30" traditionally announces each week's biggest chart dropper with a descending slide whistle tone. After "Ventriloquist Love" dropped from No. 9 to No. 19 the week of January 19, 2007,

</doc>
<doc id="9716351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716351" title="Venezuelan Coastal Range">
Venezuelan Coastal Range

The Venezuelan Coastal Range (Spanish "Cordillera de la Costa"; also known as "Serranía de la Costa") is a mountain range that runs along the central and eastern portions of Venezuela's northern coast. The range is a northeastern extension of the Andes Mountains, and is also known as the Maritime Andes.
Geography.
The Coastal Range actually consists of two parallel ranges, which run east and west along the coast of the Caribbean Sea. The Cojedes River separates the western end of Coastal Range from the Cordillera de Mérida to the southeast. The range is divided into eastern and western sections by the wide bay between Cape Codera and Cumaná. 
Serranía del Litoral — Serranía del Interior.
In eastern section of the range, the parallel ranges are known as the Serranía del Litoral, which runs along the Caribbean coast, and the Serranía del Interior to the south. The valley between these two ranges, which includes Lake Valencia, the valleys of metropolitan Caracas, and the Tuy River at its eastern end, is the most densely populated region of Venezuela. 
The Capital District lies in a valley between two branches of the Serranía del Litoral: with Cerro El Ávila (peak) and El Ávila National Park in the Cordillera de la Costa Central to the north, and smaller hills to the south.
Both the Littoral and Interior ranges reappear between Cumaná and the Gulf of Paria to form the eastern section of the Venezuelan Coastal Range. The Littoral range forms the Araya Peninsula to the west and the Paria Peninsula to the east, and extends across the straits known as the Dragon's Mouths to form the Northern Range of the island of Trinidad.
Ecoregions.
The lower elevations of the mountains are mostly covered by the La Costa xeric shrublands ecoregion of the Deserts and xeric shrublands Biome. The Araya and Paria xeric scrub occupies the arid zones of Araya and Paria peninsulas, with the exception of the montane areas of the Paria Peninsula, which are included in the La Costa xeric shrublands ecoregion. The Araya and Paria xeric scrub also includes Isla Margarita and extends south on to the mainland to Cumaná. 
At elevations from lie the humid evergreen Cordillera de la Costa montane forests ecoregion of the montane Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests Biome, which form eleven discontinuous enclaves across the high summits of the eastern and western portions of the range.

</doc>
<doc id="9716360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716360" title="Crimean Oblast">
Crimean Oblast

The Crimean Oblast ( ;  ; ) was an oblast (province) of the former Russian SFSR (1945–1954) and Ukrainian SSR (1954–1991) within the Soviet Union. Its capital was the city of Simferopol.
The Crimean Oblast replaced the Crimean ASSR on June 30, 1945.
The oblast was transferred from the Russian SFSR to the Ukrainian SSR on February 19, 1954.
Sevastopol was a closed city due to its importance as the port of the Soviet Black Sea Fleet and was attached to the Crimean Oblast only in 1978.
Following a referendum held on January 20, 1991, the Crimean Oblast was given back its pre-WWII status of Crimean Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic on February 12, 1991, by the Supreme Soviet of the Ukrainian SSR.
In 1992, the Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic was transformed into the Autonomous Republic of Crimea within Ukraine, with the exception of the city of Sevastopol whose status, once again due to its strategic importance as the port of the Russian Black Sea Fleet, remained disputed between Ukraine and Russia until 1997, when it was agreed that it should be treated as a "city with special status" within Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="9716366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716366" title="Romincka Forest">
Romincka Forest

Romincka Forest (), also known as Rominta Forest or Krasny Les (), a palaearctic ecoregion (called Puszcza Romincka) in the Taiga and boreal forests Biome, is located in Russia and Poland.
The German and Polish names of the forest are derived from the Old Prussian syllable "rom", meaning calm or holy, as the forest was connected with the mythology of the Old Prussians. The Russian name, Krasny Les, means "red forest".
Geography.
The forest complex is in the east of Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northeastern Poland, and the southeast of Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. The total area of the forest is about 360 km². It includes the protected area known as Puszcza Romincka Landscape Park. The Krasnaya River flows through the forest. 
Localities in the forest include Krasnolesye, Żytkiejmy, and Gołdap.
Prior to 1945 the forest was part of German East Prussia and known as the Rominter Heath (). It was known as an Imperial Hunting ground for Kaiser Wilhelm II, who built his Rominten Hunting Lodge here and later Hermann Göring's Reichsjägerhof Rominten. The Potsdam Agreement after World War II divided the region between Poland and the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9716396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716396" title="List of sovereign states in 1939">
List of sovereign states in 1939


</doc>
<doc id="9716423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716423" title="John II, Count of Nevers">
John II, Count of Nevers

John II, Count of Nevers (known as Jean de Clamecy, prior to acquiring title of "Count of Nevers"; 1415–1491) was a French noble.
He was the son of Philip II, Count of Nevers by his wife Bonne of Artois, daughter of Philip of Artois, Count of Eu. John's elder brother, Charles I, Count of Nevers and Count of Rethel, had no legitimate children, and so on his death in 1464 his titles passed to John. In 1472, his uncle Charles of Artois, Count of Eu died, and having no legitimate children, his title also passed to John.
John fought in the army of his stepfather Philip the Good and was active in Picardy (1434), Calais (1436), Luxembourg (1443) and Flanders (1453). But he clashed with Philip's successor, Charles the Bold and he defected to King Louis XI of France.
He fought alongside Louis XI in the War of the Public Weal and became Lieutenant General of Normandy.
First Marriage.
John was first married on 24 November 1435 in Amiens, to Jacqueline d'Ailly, Dame d'Engelmuenster (died 1470), they had two children:
Second Marriage.
Upon Jacqueline's death in 1470 he married secondly on 30 August 1471, in Chateau de Boussac, to Pauline de Brosse (-1479), daughter of Jean II de Brosse. They had one child:
Third Marriage.
John's final marriage was on 11 March 1480, in the château de Châlus-Chabrol (Limousin), to Françoise d'Albret (-1521).

</doc>
<doc id="9716433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716433" title="Laura Chang">
Laura Chang

Laura Chang (born in Seattle, Washington) is an American journalist who edits the Booming blog of "The New York Times," a role she took on after spearheading the paper's coverage of the 10th anniversary of 9/11. Previously, she had been science editor since 2004; before that she was assistant science editor beginning in 1998, then deputy science editor.
Chang joined the "Times" in 1990. She began as a copy editor on the national desk, then became assignment editor. She also served as a special projects editor, where she handled projects on welfare reform, the erosion of privacy and the spread of E. coli contamination. She was also the "Times" editor who stayed up all night excerpting the Unabomber manifesto.
Personal.
Chang graduated from the University of Washington in 1984 with a B.S. in communications, with an emphasis in psychology.
Chang plays violin with the Park Avenue Chamber Symphony and other chamber music groups.

</doc>
<doc id="9716442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716442" title="2006–07 Philadelphia Flyers season">
2006–07 Philadelphia Flyers season

The 2006–07 Philadelphia Flyers season was the Flyers' 40th season in the National Hockey League (NHL). For the first time in franchise history the Flyers finished with the worst record in the entire league and missed the playoffs for the first time since 1994.
Off-season.
During the off-season the Flyers lost Michal Handzus in a trade with the Chicago Blackhawks, defenseman Kim Johnsson to free agency and Eric Desjardins and team captain Keith Primeau to retirement.
Regular season.
Peter Forsberg replaced Primeau as team captain, but a chronic foot injury had him in and out of the lineup throughout the season and limited his effectiveness. Eight games into the regular season and with a record of 1–6–1, General Manager Bob Clarke resigned and head coach Ken Hitchcock was fired. Assistant coach John Stevens replaced Hitchcock and assistant general manager Paul Holmgren took on Clarke's responsibilities on an interim basis.
The changes did little to improve the Flyers fortunes in 2006–07 as setting franchise records for futility became the norm. They had several multiple-game losing streaks including a franchise worst 10–game losing streak and a 12–game home losing streak that stretched from November 29 to February 10. Ultimately, the Flyers finished with a 22–48–12 record, the most losses in franchise history and the worst record in the league. They also set the NHL record for the biggest points drop off in the standings in a one-year span (101 points in 2005–06 to 56 points in 2006–07, a difference of 45 points).
With the team clearly on the verge of missing the playoffs for the first time since 1994, Holmgren set his sights on rebuilding the team and preparing for the future. Forsberg, unwilling to commit to playing next season, was traded to the Nashville Predators for Scottie Upshall, Ryan Parent, and 2007 1st and 3rd-round draft picks. Veteran defenseman Alexei Zhitnik was traded to the Atlanta Thrashers for prospect defenseman Braydon Coburn and disappointing off-season acquisition Kyle Calder was sent to the Detroit Red Wings via Chicago in exchange for defenseman Lasse Kukkonen. The Flyers also acquired goaltender Martin Biron from the Buffalo Sabres for a 2007 2nd-round pick. Given wide praise for his efforts, the Flyers gave Holmgren a two-year contract and removed the interim label from his title.
The Flyers finished the regular season having allowed 297 goals (excluding 6 shootout goals allowed), the most in the League.
Transactions.
The Flyers were involved in the following transactions from June 20, 2006, the day after the deciding game of the 2006 Stanley Cup Finals, through June 6, 2007, the day of the deciding game of the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals.
Signings.
Free agency.
The following players were signed by the Flyers via free agency. Two-way contracts are marked with an asterisk (*).
Offer sheets.
The Flyers signed the following restricted free agents to offer sheets.
Re-signed.
The following players were re-signed by the Flyers. Two-way contracts are marked with an asterisk (*).
Entry level contracts.
The following players — Flyers draft picks, undrafted free agents, and the unsigned draft picks of other teams — were signed by the Flyers to entry level contracts.
Waivers.
The Flyers were involved in the following waivers transactions.
Departures.
The following players — excluding those who were traded or claimed on waivers — left the team during the off-season. Players who were under contract during the season are marked with an asterisk (*).
Draft picks.
Philadelphia's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, which was held at General Motors Place in Vancouver, British Columbia on June 24, 2006.
Farm teams.
The Flyers were affiliated with the Philadelphia Phantoms of the AHL and the Trenton Titans of the ECHL. After an early season coaching change from Craig Berube, who joined the Flyers as an assistant, to Kjell Samuelsson, the Phantoms struggled finishing sixth in their division and missing the playoffs. Trenton finished 4th in their division and made it to the 2nd round of the playoffs before losing to the Dayton Bombers in their last season as a Flyers affiliate. Following the 2006–07 ECHL season the Titans were renamed the Trenton Devils by their new owners, the New Jersey Devils.

</doc>
<doc id="9716452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716452" title="Submental lymph nodes">
Submental lymph nodes

The submental lymph nodes (or suprahyoid) are situated between the anterior bellies of the Digastrici. 
Their "afferents" drain the central portions of the lower lip and floor of the mouth and the apex of the tongue.
Their "efferents" pass partly to the submandibular lymph nodes and partly to a gland of the deep cervical group situated on the internal jugular vein at the level of the cricoid cartilage.

</doc>
<doc id="9716467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716467" title="List of sovereign states in 1941">
List of sovereign states in 1941

This is a list of every sovereign state that existed in the year 1941 and their capitals. It includes not only those states which had widespread international recognition, but also those states which were generally unrecognized. In addition, it includes all non-sovereign territories which were not integral parts of sovereign states.
Sovereign states.
League of Nations member states are indicated by 
Other states.
In 1941, there were seven states which were not recognized as sovereign by a majority of countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9716506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716506" title="National Party (United States)">
National Party (United States)

The National Party was an early-20th-century national political organization in the United States founded by pro-war defectors from the Socialist Party of America in 1917. Rather than filing into the Democratic Party, these adherents of the SPA Right first formed a non-partisan national society to propagandize the socialist idea called the Social Democratic League of America. Many of these individuals were eager for the formation of an alternative political organization to both the so-called "old" parties and the anti-war Socialist Party of America and eagerly latched on to a burgeoning movement for a new party that sprouted in 1917.
Organizational history.
Origins.
The National Party seems to have begun as a byproduct of personal coalitions around single-issue advocacy, such as the drive for constitutional amendments for woman suffrage and prohibition. Coming together to lobby Congress and the Wilson Administration on behalf of these measures, activists came to realize their common vision in practical terms, despite whatever philosophical differences they might have harbored in the theoretical plain. Thus veterans of the Progressive Party believing in the "spirit of 1912," Prohibitionists, suffragists, Single-Taxers, and Socialists began to talk amongst themselves about the possibility of uniting their forces in a new political organization to advance their common cause.
Informal conferences were held in New York and elsewhere in the country during the first half of 1917 between these individuals, culminating in a more formal gathering held July 6-8 at the home of Progressive Party leader J. A. H. Hopkins in Morristown, New Jersey. Those participating included bolting pro-war socialists organizing themselves as the Social Democratic League of America, adherents of the Nonpartisan League, the Prohibition Party, and the Single Tax movement.
The group did discuss and decide upon the outlines of a program for the forthcoming organization. The New Jersey conference was unable to agree amongst themselves to a name for the organization, so the matter was deferred to a future organizational conference, which ultimately decided upon the name "The National Party" for the new organization.
The National Party was funded by annual dues payments by its members, based according to the means of the party member, but of not less than $2 per annum. One dollar of this amount was to be retained by the national organization to fund its operation, while the other dollar was to rebated to the state organization for its own support. Party members were to receive membership cards and a periodic bulletin was planned. Those not wishing to cast their lot with the organization as full members could gain "sympathizer" status through the purchase of an annual button for fifty cents.
The National Party's national office was located in the Lafayette Building, 138 N. LaSalle Street, Chicago, Illinois. It also had an office for its "Eastern Division" located at 15 E 40th Street, New York City.
Founding Conference, Chicago, Illinois October 3-4, 1917.
The founding conference of the National Party adopted a tentative platform declaring for universal and equal suffrage; for strong advocacy of the rights of Initiative, Referendum, and Recall; for the absentee ballot as a means of enfranchising and deradicalizing transient labor; for prohibition of the sale and use of alcoholic beverages; for prison reform; for a system of proportional representation allowing minor parties representation according to voting strength; and for government ownership of transportation, communications, and other natural monopolies.
The conference adopted a declaration in support of American participation in the ongoing World War which declared:
"Fundamentally the war is struggle between the ideals and aspirations of democracy on the one hand, and the ideals and aspirations of autocracy on the other hand. Imperfect though our democracy may be, nevertheless it is one of the most advanced in the world. 
"We rejoice in the assurance that in the words of President Wilson we have entered this war for no selfish objects of our own... 
"We entered the war to resist international aggression and lawlessness, to establish a permanent basis for international peace, and to aid the movement toward democracy in all lands. Believing that these aims are coincident with the best interests of all free peoples, and even those of the people of Germany, and confident that this nation will not forget these aims nor permit our forces to be used for conquest or imperialistic oppression, we pledge our full and undivided support to our nation and its allies in the pursuit of these aims."
The group also called in no uncertain terms for an end to the "unlimited power of censorship now reposed in the Postmaster General," in favor of a less draconian "national council of censorship, upon which the various social reform ad labor movements of the country shall be adequately represented."
One historian has noted that except for the addition of a plank calling for the prohibition of alcohol the platform of the National Party "virtually duplicated the Socialist Party platform of 1916." This had been a comparatively moderate document dominated by the party's right wing, placing emphasis upon immediate ameliorative demands rather than long-term universal objectives.
The fledgling organization was immediately struck by personal animosity and factional squabbling. Social Democrat John Spargo became involved in an argument with Mrs. Henry Gould, who had previously pledged $5,000 in seed money to the new organization. She bolted the gathering, never writing the group it's promised check. The Social Democrats also clashed with Hopkins and his Progressive Party associates, with the two groups at loggerheads over their mutual desire to dominate the new organization.
First Convention, Chicago, March 6–8, 1918.
The Second Convention of the National Party adopted a formal organizational constitution and revised platform for the organization. The group was to be headed by a National Chairman, four Vice Chairmen, and a National Executive Committee of 29. Former Socialist David Coates was elected National Chairman, while J.A.H. Hopkins of Morristown, New Jersey was elected First Vice Chairman and Chairman of the National Executive Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="9716514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716514" title="Mark Warnow">
Mark Warnow

Mark Warnow (April 10, 1900 - October 17, 1949) was a noted violinist and orchestra conductor, who performed widely on radio in the 1930s and 1940s. Warnow's superb, smoothly-flowing arrangements made him quite popular during his career. He was the older brother of composer/bandleader Raymond Scott (b. Harry Warnow), and is credited with steering his younger (and eventually more famous) brother into a career in music.
Warnow was born in Ukraine (then part of the Russian Empire) to Jewish parents, and came with them to the US as a boy.
Warnow enjoyed a lengthy and versatile career with the CBS Radio network. He was CBS music director in the early 1930s, and hired brother Harry as a keyboardist in 1931. Warnow conducted the orchestra on the long-running CBS radio program "Your Hit Parade" from 1939 to his death in 1949. He also conducted his orchestra for the "Matinee Theatre" program, and Ed Wynn's "Happy Island" program.
Warnow also produced a Broadway musical-comedy, "What's Up?" (1943). He appeared as himself with his band in the Paramount Pictures release "Paramount Headliner: The Star Reporter" (1938). In the 1940s, he conducted and arranged for Frank Sinatra while the singer was signed to Columbia Records, then owned by the CBS network. He was also a composer and recording artist. 
He married twice, and died in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="9716526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716526" title="Ritz Guitars">
Ritz Guitars

Ritz Guitar Co. produced guitars in 1988 & 1989 over an 8 month period in Southern California in Wayne Charvel's workshop in Ontario. The company became known quality based upon Wayne's notoriety and for their amazing cracked shell mosaic finishes on their 'Neptune' series which was originally patented, designed and built by Andy Soler. Each little piece of shell was hand-cracked and stuck on the guitar body by hand. Introduced to Andy Soler's nephew Eric Galletta and eventually produced by Wayne Charvel, Andy Soler and Eric Galletta with Ritz being financially backed and majority owned co founders Brad Becnel's Sunset Ladders (Sunset Guitars) of South El Monte, CA and Cliff Wildes (Microtech International Inc CEO and the band "Off White") of East Haven Conn, they made around 150 guitars with only about 25 being the cracked shell 'Neptune' models. The first two collectable models were handmade by Wayne Charvel in Gold Abalone and gold plated hardware for Cliff Wildes and a White Abalone for Brad Becnel, both featured in Ritz magazine ads. The other models were the 'Exotic' series, which used rare woods (e.g. Cocobolo) and kept them as a natural finish, there was a one off 'Exotic' model made from small pieces of rare woods stuck together like a mosaic to form the body of the guitar, in a similar idea to the shell finished 'Neptune' series. The lower cost 'Classic' Series had painted or Zolatone finishes with Wayne Charvel making his first ever 1 of a kind Midi guitar in corvette red for Wildes. All body shapes were Strat style, however, there is a rumor that a V shaped Ritz Neptune exists. The examples of shell types available were; Violet Oyster, Brown Lip, Black Lip, Green Shell, Abalone Shell, Nautilius Shell, and Snake Lip. Most Ritz Neptunes had Alder bodies for their light weight and some with Maple or Bubinga bodies under the shell finish. They mainly used Seymour Duncan, PAF (pickup) or Schaller Guitarenparts pickups (The Schaller's were custom made for Ritz and looked a little like EMG's and renamed as 'Ritz pickups' for the catalog, the Schaller's were the pick ups that Michael Angelo Batio used on his Rocket model.). All came with the Kahler Tremolo System Spyder model. The guitars retailed for over $2000.00. Most of the later Ritz guitars featured Warmoth Guitars necks made for Ritz as Ritz were running out of money and time to make their own. These necks were thinner than the Ritz made necks but still very good. The Warmoth logo can be located at the join on the on these necks if you take them off. Also a few Ritz Guitars were made after the demise of the company in 1991. This is thought to be because Wayne Charvel had a few Ritz necks left over and he attached them to one off custom orders at a little less money. A great book to read by the man himself Wayne Charvel is “The Custom Guitar Shop” which includes the Ritz story.
Michael Angelo Batio Ritz guitars.
Michael Angelo Batio was the most famous user of these guitars. He appeared in The Ritz Guitar Ad with a 'Brown Lip' Ritz Neptune along with his famous Ritz Quad Guitar (originally built by Wayne as he was under contract with Gibson Guitars; the headstock logo later changed to 'RITZ') which had 4 necks and was famously stolen on the second night of his band Nitro's first show in El Paso Texas http://www.angelo.com/html/the_quad_guitar.html A range of Ritz Neptunes can be seen in the Nitro video 'Freight Train' including an Abalone shell finish guitar originally made for Howard Lesse of the band Heart (Leese never took delivery of the guitar however). This guitar which is the Neptune that Michael Angelo uses the most in the Freight Train video is also exactly the same one that featured on the Ritz catalog cover. Also in the Nitro video a Brown Lip, Nautilus guitar and Nautilus Bass guitar (as used by bassist TJ Racer) and also a yellow Classic model Ritz. There was also a Ritz 'Rocket' model made for Michael Angelo.
Other Ritz players.
Mike Hall, the guitarist with the band Killer Dwarfs also used a Ritz Neptune in the bands video 'Dirty Weapons'. A collector/player in the UK is rumored to have at least 14 of the 25 shell neptunes ever made. There is also a Van Halen Ritz Neptune that Ed Roman has for sale in Las Vegas, however Eddie Van Halen has never owned or played this guitar. Nancy Wilson and Howard Leese of Heart used Ritz Guitars in the 1990 Heart video "All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You". Leese also had a Ritz custom made for him that was featured on the front of the Ritz catalog.
End of the company.
The Ritz Guitar Company went out of business due to manufacturing problems in obtaining shell bodies which resulted in Becnel and Wildes discontinuing financial support of the company, liquidating the inventory and closing the company. A company resurfaced with the cracked shell finish Neptunes and a slight design change under the name WRC Guitars, which is the initials for Wayne Richard Charvel (which also included some telecaster body designs). There are rumors that many Ritz Neptune bodies and necks are stored somewhere in a warehouse without pick-ups and necks since the company went out of business.
The guitar received a very favorable review in the British publication 'Kerrang' in 1988, but overall there was not much press about them and spokesman Michael Angelo was not a huge draw at the time. Carrying a relatively high price tag ($2500 to $5000) virtually none were ever sold as new. A lot of the Ritz Guitars appeared in Scotland and the UK due to a Scottish distributor who decided to distribute most of the Ritz's ever made, which he planned to sell in the UK marketplace. Also a guitarist from New Orleans was known to have purchased 8 Neptunes in 1990. Eventually, the distribution company folded due to lack of sales and most were auctioned off by a bank after being repossessed from the liquidation, in a Glasgow, Scotland auction with most guitars being sold to buyers who were unaware of what Ritz Guitars were and were bought for next to nothing. 
It was Andy Soler who developed the idea of incorporating natural sea shells to the guitars finish and holds the patents for both the US, Philippines and other countries. Numerous infringements, particularly in the United States was and is being done without his verbal nor written conformity. Andy Soler, the patent holder, had a hand in building all the original Ritz and WRC Guitars. Eric Galletta obtained the Gibson Owned Trademark WRC from Gibson Guitars. WRC Guitars was a nominee by MMR Musical Merchandise Magazine in 1994 as "Most Innovative Guitar". Galletta continued to build "patent infringed" guitars under the WRC Trademark well into the late 1990s eventually starting his own line of instruments under the Galletta trademark. Contact Eric Galletta for more information http://www.gallettaguitars.com.

</doc>
<doc id="9716533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716533" title="Bay Bulls, Newfoundland and Labrador">
Bay Bulls, Newfoundland and Labrador

Bay Bulls (2006 Population 1,078) is a small fishing community in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Geography.
Located in sheltered bay it has been home to many fishermen and a strategic location in early times as it is located just a few miles from the capital, St. John's.
History.
Bay Bulls first appears on a 1592 map drawn by Thomas Hood. The exact origin of the name is a mystery, however; Bishop Howley believed it was originally named "Bay Boulle" by Jersey fishermen. Some other variations conjectured that it comes from the common Dovekie "Bull-Bird" which can be found in the area.
Fortification of the harbour came in 1638 by Governor David Kirke. In 1655, Bay Bulls was raided by Dutch sailors under Admiral De Ruyter. During King William's War, the village was attacked twice. In 1696, Monbeton de St. Ovide de Brouillan, the governor of Placentia, attacked Bay Bulls from the sea. Then in 1697 Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville marched overland from Placentia and attacked Bay Bulls in the Avalon Peninsula Campaign. On June 24, 1762 the French led by Admiral d'Arsac de Ternay, landed seven hundred men who occupied Bay Bulls and marched to St. John's. Bay Bulls suffered its last invasion on September 29, 1796 when Admiral Richery attempted to storm St. John's but finding it well defended; he attacked and burned Bay Bulls instead.
In 1890 the Roman Catholic Church, St. Peter and St. Paul was rebuilt. The gate was initially marked by cannons left over from the battles with the French, then statues of the Saints were added on top, which gave the famous "Cannonized Saints of Bay Bulls."
Economy.
Bay Bulls is a fishing community and was established because of its closeness to the rich fishing grounds on the Grand Banks. Due to its proximity to St. John's the population is becoming more of a bedroom community for people employed there. Bay Bulls has been at the forefront of many strategies such as fish farming and lately servicing the Oil and Gas industry. The Penney Group of Companies has built a repair facility that services the many oil rigs that drill for oil on the Grand Banks. Tourism has become an important part of the community as well. Four whale and bird watching establishments, as well as several bed-and-breakfast places attract visitors from all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9716580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716580" title="Dan W. Quinn">
Dan W. Quinn

Dan W. Quinn (1859 – November 7, 1938) was one of the first American singers to become popular in the new medium of recorded music. Quinn was a very successful recording artist whose recording career spanned 1892 to 1918. Quinn recorded many of his hits in the legendary "Tin Pan Alley" of New York City.
Biography.
Dan W. Quinn was born in 1859 in New York City. There he began singing in the choir of the Church of the Heavenly Rest (Episcopal) as a child. As an adult, he was a performer on the Vaudeville stage. In January 1892, Quinn made his first recording in New York City and quickly achieved success. During Quinn's recording career, he scored 34 top ten hits. As was customary at the time, Quinn was not tied exclusively to any one record company. He recorded for all the major record labels of his day, including Berliner, Columbia, Edison, Gramophone, Paramount and Victor. Quinn himself estimated cutting some 2,500 titles during his recording career. Quinn retired from recording in 1906. He briefly returned to recording in 1915 to 1918, but went back into retirement soon after.
Dan Quinn died of intestinal cancer in New York on November 7, 1938 at age 79.
In those early days of recording, the songs were pressed onto tin discs (also called "plates" or "tin pans") and brown wax cylinders. The discs generally had one song recorded on each side while the cylinders had a single song recorded on them. The U.S. Library of Congress has made an effort to preserve Quinn's recordings (as well as other artists of the era) for future generations to enjoy.
Recordings.
The following is a partial list of Dan W. Quinn's recordings:

</doc>
<doc id="9716603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716603" title="HOT-7">
HOT-7

HOT-7, or 2,5-dimethoxy-4-(β-propylthio)-N-hydroxyphenethylamine, is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family. It was presumably first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin and reported in his book, "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)".
Chemistry.
HOT-7's full chemical name is 2-[4-(2-propylthio)-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl–N–hydroxyethanamine. It has structural properties similar to 2C-T-7 and to other drugs in the HOT- series, with the most closely related compounds being HOT-2 and HOT-17.
General information.
The dosage range of HOT-7 is typically 15-25 mg and its duration is approximately 6–8 hours according to Shulgin. HOT-7 produces closed-eye and open-eye visuals. It also induces a feeling similar to that of being drunk.

</doc>
<doc id="9716607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716607" title="Bay de Verde">
Bay de Verde

Bay de Verde (2011 Population 398) is an incorporated town in Conception Bay on the northern tip of the Bay de Verde Peninsula of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. The first recorded inhabitants at Bay de Verde arrived in 1662. Bay de Verde became an incorporated town in 1950.
Geography.
Bay de Verde is the northernmost community in Conception Bay. The central part of this picturesque fishing village is nestled between two hills, while on both sides the low-lying area gently slopes towards the ocean. On the southwestern side is the harbour, called the foreside, where fishing boats are moored in the central section away from the land and wharfs and at one time away from the fishing stages. The other side of this low-lying area, called the backside, was once also used for fishing stages, called "fishing rooms", where boats were also moored away from the land. Due to its more treacherous rocks and steep slopes and its exposure to the raging sea and winds of the North Atlantic, backside has long been abandoned as an area for fishing rooms.
Bay de Verde and surrounding areas are barren of any trees except for a small grove of rugged spruce trees called the minister's grove. This is where the manse of the Minister of the local parish was built.
On the western side of the harbour just below an area called Spring Hill is the section of Torquay, which derives its name from an English town by the same name.
Bay de Verde is accessible by Route 70 of the provincial road system. The road down to the heart of the town is very steep and can be very dangerous in the winter during snow storms.
Split Point, a prolific fishing berth in the community, is also the boundary line between Conception Bay and Cape St. Francis.
Towns and communities nearby.
Bay de Verde and surrounding areas are dotted by small fishing communities established to be close to the fishing grounds. Some of the communities within a 15-minute driving distance from Bay de Verde are:
History.
According to D. W. Prowse (1895) the earliest documented inhabitant of the 'Bay of Arbs' (today known as Bay de Verde) was Isaac Dethick, an English planter who was expelled from Placentia in 1662 when the French took over that town. There is no doubt that there were settlers such as the Taverners already established at Bay de Verde when he arrived. In 1675 seven families and their servants, numbering close to 150 people, had erected eleven rooms and stages in the harbour.
The best record of the period comes from the journal of Abbe Baudoin, dated February 2 to February 6, 1697. Baudoin, who travelled with Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville's raiders, noted that "there were in this harbour fourteen settlers well established and ninety good men." During King William's War, the village was destroyed in the Avalon Peninsula Campaign. These French raiding parties destroyed the community and killed a number of inhabitants again during Queen Anne's War in 1705.
One of the early family names of Bay de Verde is Taverner. According to H. F. Shortis (1910)William Taverner was a naval officer and surveyor on a British man-of-war who later worked on a Newfoundland map of 1745.
The main road in Bay de Verde is Masters Road named after John Masters, apprenticed to William Taverner about 1700–1701. The Taverner family of Poole and Bay de Verde – a moderately well-off group which divided its time between Poole and Newfoundland.
Abraham, William Taverner's brother, an obscure figure, was the Newfoundland agent for the London merchant, James Campbell, who had extensive plantations at Bay de Verde. Campbell was financial agent in London for Captain John Moody who had been commander of the Newfoundland garrison during Major Thomas Lloyd’s absence in 1704–1705 and who was an avowed adversary of Lloyd. Although many of the Newfoundland planters tried to keep away from both Lloyd and Moody, William Taverner led a group which, early in 1708, complained about Lloyd’s exploitation of the colonists.
Economy.
Bay de Verde today is a prominent fishing community located on the northern tip of the Bay de Verde Peninsula of Conception Bay near Baccalieu Island.
Climate.
The climate of the Atlantic Ocean and adjacent land areas is influenced by the temperatures of the surface waters and water currents as well as the winds blowing across the waters. Because of the oceans' great capacity for retaining heat, the climate of Bay de Verde are moderate and free of extreme seasonal variations.
Precipitation falls on the area both as snow in the wintertime and moderate rainfall in summer.
The Gulf Stream and Labrador Current converge just off the coast of Newfoundland and provide for very dense fog that can linger in the area for days.
Snow can accumulate with prolonged periods of snowfall which was the case in the winter of 2000 - 2001. The attached picture shows the height of snow from the road surface
Culture.
Statistics Canada detail demographics follow link here

</doc>
<doc id="9716617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716617" title="Jam music">
Jam music

Jam music may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9716667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716667" title="Henri Cadiou">
Henri Cadiou

Henri Cadiou (26 March 1906, Paris – 6 April 1989) was a French realist painter and lithographer known for his work in trompe-l'oeil paintings. He is credited with being a founder of the "l’école de la réalité" in 1949 (called nowadays "Mouvement Trompe-l’oeil-réalité"). He was also president of the Association for the Protection of the "Cité Fleurie" (the "Flowering City"), a wooded area around the boulevard Arago in Paris's 13th arrondissement where about thirty artist’s studios are located.
Because of renewed interest in precursors to contemporary hyperrealism, the group of painters associated with the “peintres de la réalité” are seeing a contemporary resurgence and have been exhibiting now for about fifty years in the Salons as well as in personal or collective shows as well as in Europe, Asia, North America (New York Cultural Center, Corcoran Gallery of Washington), Canada, Brazil, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="9716694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716694" title="Priobskoye field">
Priobskoye field

The Priobskoye field is an oil field in Russia. It occupies an area of in the Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug of Western Siberia. It is located along both banks of the Ob River, east of the District's capital city, Khanty-Mansiysk, and west of Nefteyugansk, the town that serves the field.
History.
The field was discovered in 1982. The northern three quarters of the field was controlled by YUKOS via an its daughter-company Yuganskneftegaz, and began oil production in 2000. In 2004 Yuganskneftegaz was bought by Rosneft, which is now the operating company for that portion of the field. The southern quarter of the field was controlled by Sibir energy, which began a joint venture with Sibneft to develop the field, with volume production beginning in 2003. Sibneft subsequently acquired complete control of the field via a corporate maneuver to dilute Sibir's holding. Sibneft is now majority controlled by Gazprom and renamed Gazprom Neft.
Production.
In 2007, the field was producing : in the northern part exploited by Rosneft, and in Gazprom Neft area. In 2009, Gazprom Neft produced in its share of the field.

</doc>
<doc id="9716695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716695" title="2006–07 Florida Panthers season">
2006–07 Florida Panthers season

The 2006–07 Florida Panthers season began on October 6 with a game at the BankAtlantic Center against the Boston Bruins. It was the Panthers' 14th season in the National Hockey League.
Regular season.
The Panthers finished the regular season with the fewest power-play opportunities for, with just 337.
Playoffs.
The Panthers failed to qualify for the playoffs for the sixth consecutive season. They last made the playoffs in 2000.
Roster.
Goaltenders:
•
Defensemen
•
•
•
•
Forwards
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Draft picks.
Florida's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft in Vancouver, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="9716699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716699" title="DHIS">
DHIS

The District Health Information System (DHIS) is a highly flexible, open-source health management information system and data warehouse. It is developed by the Health Information Systems Programme (HISP). The core development activities are managed and coordinated by the Department of Informatics at the University of Oslo, and supported by The Norwegian Research Council, NORAD, The University of Oslo, and The Norwegian Centre for International Cooperation in Education.
The solution covers aggregated routine data, semi-permanent data (staffing, equipment, infrastructure, population estimates), survey/audit data, and certain types of case-based or patient-based data (for instance disease notification or patient satisfaction surveys). The system supports the capture of data linked to any level in an organisational hierarchy, any data collection frequency, a high degree of customisation at both the input and output side. It has been translated into a number of languages.
The DHIS was originally developed for three health districts in Cape Town in 1998-99, but has since spread via the HISP network to nearly half of sub-Saharan Africa, where its use covers a population of 300-400 million people, and to a number of countries in Asia. The initial scope - routine monthly Primary Health Center data – has systematically been expanded to cover nearly all aspects of health data and information (excluding electronic health records). Available aggregated data for South Africa from 1998–2007, for instance, represent close to one billion patient encounters.
For electronic health records, DHIS is collaborating with the WHO-backed OpenMRS system.
Releases.
DHIS is available in several releases:
DHIS 1.3 and 1.4.
The DHIS was developed on the Microsoft Access platform consisting of VBA for the interface or program logic (front-end), Access as a database (back-end), Excel for reporting and Windows as the OS. DHIS 1.4 is a significant overhaul of the version 1.3 database structure, using various output formats for reporting. It bridges the gap between DHIS 1.3 and 2.0.
DHIS 2.
DHIS 2 is an open source alternative to the earlier releases. The software development process is a global collaboration between students, researchers and experienced developers in Norway, India, South Africa, Ethiopia, Vietnam and Nigeria. The first release, version 2.0, came in February 2008 after three years of development releases. DHIS 2 is developed using open-source Java frameworks and tools, such as the Spring Framework, Hibernate, Struts2, Maven, and JUnit.

</doc>
<doc id="9716702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716702" title="Paul Walsham">
Paul Walsham

Paul Walsham is a Liverpool-based drummer, who has played with bands including Ooberman, Amsterdam and Barclay James Harvest featuring Les Holroyd. Walsham is currently touring with Hurts. 
Career.
Walsham has played drums most of his life, starting early at the age of 7 due to the influence of his father who is also a drummer. Playing from such an early age has enabled Paul to develop extensive experience in a wide variety of styles.
Major professional achievements to date include various television appearances, performances and recordings with artists such as Hurts, Kylie Minogue, Elton JohnElvis Costello, Simon Webbe, Craig David, Atomic Kitten, Barclay James Harvest, Patricia Kass. Paul always adopts a positive and pragmatic attitude, his extensive experience as a session player, peripatetic teacher and drum clinician has enhanced his ability to quickly establish a good working rapport with colleagues and adapt to new situations.

</doc>
<doc id="9716709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716709" title="Mary von Rosen">
Mary von Rosen

Mary von Rosen (née Mary Fock) (1886 -1967) was born in Sweden. She was the third of the five daughters of Baron Carl Fock and the elder sister of Carin Göring. She was married to Count Eric von Rosen.
Mary von Rosen was one of the founders of the Societas Sanctae Birgittae (SSB), a Lutheran High Church society in Church of Sweden and she was the first Mother Superior of SSB from 1920 to 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9716755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716755" title="Levern Tart">
Levern Tart

Levern Tart (June 1, 1942 – June 22, 2010) was an American basketball player.
Early life.
Born in Marion, South Carolina, Tart went to Roosevelt High School in West Palm Beach, Florida.
College career.
The 6'2" (later listed as 6'3"), 195 pound guard Tart played college basketball at Bradley University with Joe Strawder. He had not been recruited to play college basketball and so he intended to go to Indiana University, where Ron Burns and Bobby Knight played football before Bradley's coach discovered and signed him. In his career at Bradley Tart scored 1,053 points in 73 games for an average of 14.4 points per game. He was the Most Valuable Player of the 1964 National Invitational Tournament, which Bradley won. In that season Tart led the team with 17.5 points per game and was first team All Missouri Valley Conference.
Amateur and semi-professional career.
Tart was drafted by the Boston Celtics of the NBA and was the final player cut from their roster by Red Auerbach prior to the 1964-65 season. Tart played for Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania in the Eastern League. During that time he also coached and taught at Central Catholic High School in Kingston, PA. Tart eventually landed with the Jamaico Saints, an AAU team.
Professional career.
Tart left the AAU for the American Basketball Association. He and teammate Steve Jones signed with the Oakland Oaks in June, 1967. Tart played his entire professional career in the ABA, where he was known for effective drives to the basket, acrobatic shots with either hand, elusive speed and precise body and ball control on the floor.
Oakland Oaks.
Tart was an original member of the Oakland Oaks and participated in the very first ABA game on October 13, 1967 when the Oaks defeated the Anaheim Amigos 132-129. On January 9, 1968 Tart played in the inaugural ABA All Star Game. For the season Tart averaged 23.5 points per game which was third best in the league for the season. It was in Oakland that he acquired his nickname "Jelly".
New Jersey Americans.
Nine days after playing in the ABA All-Star game, on January 18, 1968 Tart was traded to the New Jersey Americans for Barry Liebowitz. He remained with the Americans through their move to New York when they became the New York Nets.
New York Nets.
Tart played into the 1968-1969 season with the Nets until January 31, 1969 when Tart, Bob Verga and Hank Whitney were traded to the Houston Mavericks for Leary Lentz and Willie Somerset.
Houston Mavericks.
Tart played for the Mavericks during the 1968-1969 season but during the season ended up with the Denver Rockets.
Denver Rockets.
Tart finished the 1968-1969 season with the Denver Rockets. Despite his skills and talents, soon to become apparent with another team, Tart was not a major part of the Rockets plan on the floor.
New York Nets.
The New York Nets obtained Tart in between the 1968-1969 and 1969-1970 seasons. Tart played the entire 1969-1970 season with the Nets and played in that season's ABA All Star game. During the season Tart averaged 24.1 points (third best in the ABA that season) and was the Nets' top scorer. Tart's 3.4 assists per game were tenth best in the league. In large part due to Tart's outstanding play the Nets went to their first ever full ABA playoff series, which they lost in seven games to the Kentucky Colonels. Tart also played a portion of the 1970-1971 season with the Nets until being traded again.
Texas Chaparrals.
The Texas Chaparrals obtained Tart and Ed Johnson from the New York Nets on January 6, 1971 in exchange for Manny Leaks. Tart finished his professional basketball career with the Chaparrals.
For the entirety of his career in the ABA Tart scored 5,316 points in 274 games, averaging 19.4 points per game (24.3 in the playoffs) along with 5.0 rebounds (4.8 in the playoffs).
Career after basketball.
Tart devoted much of his career after basketball to community service. He became the site manager for a Long Island, New York senior care center, and worked at night as the recreation coordinator at the Nassau County Juvenile Detention Center.
Tart died at age 68 on June 22, 2010 in Long Beach, New York. He is survived by his son, Stephen, and two grandchildren, Shaila and Andre, of Fullerton, California.

</doc>
<doc id="9716763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716763" title="BJPS">
BJPS

BJPS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9716773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716773" title="Mariam Wafa">
Mariam Wafa

Mariam Wafa () is an Afghan singer. She was born an April 14 1973 in Kabul, Afghanistan. She loves music since she was a child and since she was five she began to want to become a singer. She currently resides in California, U.S., where she continues her music career in exile.

</doc>
<doc id="9716788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716788" title="Zvonimir">
Zvonimir

Zvonimir is a Croatian male given name, used since the Middle Ages.
During Yugoslavia, the name became popular in other ex-Yugoslav republics like Serbia and Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="9716795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716795" title="Archaeocyte">
Archaeocyte

Archaeocytes (from Greek "archaios" "beginning" and "kytos" "hollow vessel") or amoebocytes are amoeboid cells found in sponges. They are totipotent and have varied functions depending on the species.
Location.
Archaeocytes are along with other specialized sponge cells including collencytes and structural elements called spicules. They move about within the mesohyl with amoeba-like movements performing a number of important functions.
Functions.
Cellular differentiation is an essential function of the archaeocyte. All specialized cells within the sponge have its origins with the archaeocyte. This is especially important in reproduction as the sex cells of the sponge in sexual reproduction are formed from these amoeboid cells. Similarly in asexual reproduction amoebocytes result in the formation of gemmules which are cyst-like spheres containing more amoebocytes as well as other sponge cells including the phylum specific choanocyte. These cells move within the walls of a sponge and form spicules.

</doc>
<doc id="9716807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716807" title="Augusto Farfus">
Augusto Farfus

Augusto Farfus Jr. (born 3 September 1983 in Curitiba) is a Brazilian BMW factory driver. He presently lives in Monaco.
Early years.
Farfus first tasted racing in minibike races and won the local championships in 1991.
Like many drivers, his motorsport career began with karting. In 1992, at the age of 9 years, he won the Paraná state championship (cadet class), and mainly competed in São Paulo states championship from 1993 to 1998. In 1999 he succeeded in both winning the Italian Winter Cup and finishing runner-up in the North American Championship. He is married to Elirane Johnsson.
Formula racing.
In 2000 Farfus moved to Italy and competed in the Formula Renault Italian championship and the Eurocup series for the next two years, winning the Eurocup in 2001.
For 2002 he joined Draco Racing in Euro Formula 3000. In 2003 he won the Euro Formula 3000 Championship aged just 20 years old.
Touring cars.
Alfa Romeo.
From 2004 to 2006 Farfus was a factory Alfa Romeo (N.Technology) driver in the European Touring Car Championship and later, the World Touring Car Championship.
In the 2006 season Farfus fought for the title against Andy Priaulx and Jörg Müller until the final race in Macau, but his outdated Alfa Romeo 156 wasn't up to the pace, and Farfus ended the season in 3rd place.
BMW.
Before the 2007 season, he switched to the Schnitzer BMW-run squad, BMW Team Germany, alongside the German, 2006 season runner-up, Jörg Müller. He temporarily led the championship during the season, but ended this season in 4th place as Priaulx won. He has continued with the team through the 2008 season and into 2009. He scored six wins in 2009, missing out on the title to SEAT's Gabriele Tarquini at the final meeting In 2010, BMW's participation in the WTCC was limited to a two-car line-up, as Farfus joined Andy Priaulx at the Racing Bart Mampaey team. Farfus scored no wins, however he won race 2 at Okayama on the road, but he and teammate Priaulx were disqualified by running a non-homologated gearbox that did not conform to the technical regulations. On December 5, 2010, BMW announced it was withdrawing from the WTCC, but would continue to supply customer teams with its 320TC car.
On 25 January 2011, it was announced that Farfus would contest the Intercontinental Le Mans Cup with BMW, which would also include its former WTCC drivers Andy Priaulx, Jörg Müller and Dirk Muller.
Racing record.
Complete DTM results.
† Driver retired, but was classified as they completed 75% of the winner's race distance.
Complete Stock Car Brasil results.
† Ineligible for championship points.

</doc>
<doc id="9716847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716847" title="Sir Ralph Delaval, 1st Baronet">
Sir Ralph Delaval, 1st Baronet

Sir Ralph Delaval, 1st Baronet (13 October 1622 – 29 August 1691) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1685.
Delaval was the son of Robert Delaval of Seaton Delaval, Northumberland. He matriculated at Queens College, Oxford on 15 June 1638, aged 16 and was admitted to Lincolns Inn in 1639. He was High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1649
In 1659, Delaval was elected Member of Parliament for Northumberland for the Third Protectorate Parliament. He was re-elected MP for Northumberland in 1660 for the Convention Parliament. He was created a baronet of Seaton, in the County of Northumberland in the Baronetage of England on 29 June 1660. In 1677 he was elected MP for Northumberland again in the Cavalier Parliament and was re-elected for the two parliaments of 1679 and in 1681.
Delaval developed the family's commercial interests at Seaton Delaval by building a harbour and sluice gates at nearby Hartley Pans, which came to be known as Seaton Sluice.
Delaval was succeeded firstly by his eldest son Ralph and later by a younger son John.

</doc>
<doc id="9716849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716849" title="Supraclavicular lymph nodes">
Supraclavicular lymph nodes

Supraclavicular lymph nodes are lymph nodes found superior to the clavicle, palpable in the supraclavicular fossa.
The most notable supraclavicular lymph node is Virchow's node.

</doc>
<doc id="9716854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716854" title="2006–07 Washington Capitals season">
2006–07 Washington Capitals season

Roster.
Goaltenders:
•
Defensemen
•
•
•
Forwards
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
Draft picks.
Washington's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft in Vancouver, British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="9716868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716868" title="National Financial Switch">
National Financial Switch

National Financial Switch (NFS) is the largest network of shared automated teller machines (ATMs) in India. It was designed, developed and deployed by the Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) in 2004, with the goal of inter-connecting the ATMs in the country and facilitating convenience banking for the average Indian. It is run by the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI).
Background.
The first ATM in India was set up in 1987 by the The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in Mumbai. In the following twelve years, about 1500 ATMs were set up in India. In 1997, the Indian Banks' Association (IBA) set up Swadhan, the first network of shared ATMs in India. It was managed by India Switch Company (ISC) for five years, and allowed cardholders to withdraw cash from any ATM in the network, for a fee if they did not have an account with the bank that owned the ATM. In 2002, the network connected over 1000 ATMs of the 53 member banks of the association. The network was capable of handling 250,000 transactions per day, but only 5000 transactions, worth about 100,000, took place each day. In contrast, ICICI Bank's network of about 640 ATMs handled transactions worth about 20,000,000 each day. After the contract with ISC expired, IBA failed to find a bidder to manage the operationally uneconomical network, and shut it down on 31 December 2003.
After the collapse of Swadhan, Bank of India, Union Bank of India, Indian Bank, United Bank of India and Syndicate Bank formed an ATM-sharing network called CashTree. Citibank, the Industrial Development Bank of India, Standard Chartered Bank and UTI Bank formed a similar network called Cashnet. Punjab National Bank and Canara Bank also created such networks.
In August 2003, the IDRBT announced that it would be creating the National Financial Switch (NFS) to link together the country's ATMs in a single network.
The IDRBT collaborated with Euronet Worldwide and Opus Software to build a platform to allow banks to connect their own switches to the NFS. The NFS consisted of an inter-ATM switch and a e-commerce payment gateway.
History.
The National Financial Switch was launched by the IDRBT on 27 August 2004, connecting the ATMs of three banks, Corporation Bank, Bank of Baroda and ICICI Bank. The IDRBT then worked towards bringing all major banks in India on board and by December 2009, the network had grown to connect 49,880 ATMs of 37 banks, thereby emerging as the largest network of shared ATMs in the country.
IDRBT decided to hive off its operational role on ATM switching to refocus on research and development, and was sought to shift the business to a national-level payment system organization. The National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) started discussions with IDRBT on the feasibility of taking over. The Board for Regulation and Supervision of Payment and Settlement Systems (BPSS) at its meeting held on 24 September 2009 approved in-principle to issue authorisation to NPCI for operating various retail payment systems in the country. The Reserve Bank of India granted authorisation to NPCI to take over the operations of National Financial Switch (NFS) from the Institute of Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) on a ‘as is where is basis’ on 15 October 2009. NPCI deputed its officials to IDRBT Hyderabad, and the Institute handed over the National Financial Switch to the NPCI on 14 December 2009.
Any bank that provides core banking services with 24x7 transaction banking capabilities with or without ATMs may join the National Financial Switch through a sponsor bank. This allows non-scheduled Urban Co-operative Banks (UCBs) and Regional Rural Banks (RRBs) to gain access to the national network of over 103,000 ATMs in the country. Before 14 August 2011, access was limited to scheduled banks with RTGS membership. The sponsorship scheme was started to increase the connectivity of ATMs across the country, and to enable customers to use ATMs across India.
The primary headquarters is located in the IDRBT Campus at Hyderabad, and a satellite site is located in Mumbai.
Member banks.
As of May 2014, the NFS Network connects 1,66,928 ATMs of 78 member banks, 164 sub-member banks, 47 RRB member banks and 4 white-label ATM provider which is the largest number of ATMs under a single network in India.

</doc>
<doc id="9716905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716905" title="Gorgone">
Gorgone

Gorgone is a jam project featuring Buckethead, Travis Dickerson and Pinchface. It was recorded during the sessions for Buckethead's album Population Override, but with music not entirely similar to what was featured on that album.
The album features three lengthy jams, recorded without anything previously written whatsoever, all of them improvised in the studio as the tapes were rolling. A few overdubs were added, but most parts of the songs are as they came about in the studio.

</doc>
<doc id="9716910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716910" title="Steven Reddicliffe">
Steven Reddicliffe

Steven V. Reddicliffe (born 1953) is an American journalist who is an editor for the sports section at"The New York Times".
He was the television editor for the newspaper's cultural news desk from September 2004 until early 2011.
Career.
After graduating from Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism in 1975, Reddicliffe worked for several newspapers as a reporter, editor and television critic, including the "Dallas Times Herald", the "Miami Herald" and the "Baltimore News-American".
From 1989 to 1992, Reddicliffe was a founding senior editor then a general editor at "Entertainment Weekly" magazine, then moved with his family to San Francisco to become editor-in-chief of "Parenting" magazine.
In August 1995, Reddicliffe became editor-in-chief of "TV Guide". He stepped down from the post in 2002.
Personal.
Reddicliffe is a son of Donald K. and Violet Reddicliffe.
Reddicliffe and his wife, Connie, a former copy editor of the "Times" 's cultural news desk, have three children, James, Anna and Rebecca (triplets). They are graduates of Bates College, Colgate University, and Northwestern, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="9716933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716933" title="Emergency Mayhem">
Emergency Mayhem

Emergency Mayhem is a racing action video game developed by Supersonic Software and published by Codemasters exclusively for the Wii.
History.
Emergency Mayhem was first announced for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox at the 2004 Electronic Entertainment Expo, published and developed by Acclaim Entertainment. However, the game was canceled when Acclaim Entertainment filed for bankruptcy in September 2004. In May 2007, Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment purchased the rights to the game. Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment announced the game would be released for the Wii and they would publish the game, while Codemasters would develop the game. Then, in December of the same year, Codemasters announced they had taken over the publishing rights, and Supersonic Software took on developing the game. Codemasters also announced that the game would be released in the second quarter of 2008.
Gameplay.
The game is based around the three main emergency services (fire, police and emergency medical services). The player must drive to the destination as quickly as possible. There's a minigame at the end of each level, which is based around defusing the situation. These minigames use the Wii Remote's motion sensing. These minigames include administering CPR, disarming bombs, wrangling escaped zoo animals, among others.
Reception.
The game has generally been received negative. GameSpot gave the game a 2.5/10 and criticized the game for its lack of variety, "wildly uneven difficulty" said that some minigames have "overly sensitive controls" while "others are completely unresponsive". IGN gave the game a 5.0/10 and thought that the graphics were "generic and dated" and the gameplay was "Fun, but shallow and repetitive. And there's nothing besides the gimmicky minis that hasn't already been done by Crazy Taxi". They praised it for having "fitting music" and "60 frames at all time".
Awards.
GameSpot nominated "Emergency Mayhem" for the dubious award of Flat-Out Worst Game in its 2008 video game awards.

</doc>
<doc id="9716940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716940" title="Teleki">
Teleki

Teleki is the name of a Hungarian noble family. It means "from Maros-Telek (and Szék)" or "allotments."

</doc>
<doc id="9716952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716952" title="Meilichos">
Meilichos

Meilichos () is a torrent in the northwestern part of Achaea, southern Greece. The river flows from the northern part of the Panachaiko mountain to the Gulf of Patras. It passes through the village Sychaina, now a neighbourhood of Patras. In antiquity there was a temple of Artemis Triklaria near the river, but this has not been found by archaeologists. Near the present Aretha street a bridge from the Roman era has been excavated. 

</doc>
<doc id="9716985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9716985" title="Mats Einarsson">
Mats Einarsson

Mats Einarsson, born 1960, is a Swedish Left Party politician, member of the Riksdag 1998–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9717008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717008" title="Ingrid Burman">
Ingrid Burman

Ingrid Burman, born 1952, is a Swedish Left Party politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1994 until 2006.
Swedish: Ingrid Burman, född 1952, är ett svenskt vänsterpartistisk politiker. Hon var en ledamot av riksdagen från 1994 till 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9717009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717009" title="All Saints, King City">
All Saints, King City

All Saints, King City is a parish of the Anglican Church of Canada in the Diocese of Toronto, Ecclesiastical Province of Ontario. It was established in 1857 in "Springhill", now known as King City. The facility was originally built of pine cleared from the site, and was covered with brick in 1871. In 1960, the building was extended with the addition of the parish hall.
Weekly services are held on Sundays at 08:00 and 10:30, with nursery care and Sunday School provided at 10:30 am. Its current clergy is Rev. Nicola Skinner.

</doc>
<doc id="9717010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717010" title="Montgomery Building (El Paso, Texas)">
Montgomery Building (El Paso, Texas)

The Montgomery Building is the last surviving false-front structure and the oldest existing business building in the City of El Paso, Texas.
History.
The Montgomery Building was built as the American El Paso, as opposed to a Mexican El Paso, underwent a great transformation from a dusty adobe village to a thriving city following the arrival of the railroad on May 13, 1881. The Southern Pacific Railroad had just arrived in El Paso and two other railroads were approaching the outskirts of the county. A great commercial building boom followed as lumber and brick structures, some two stories high, began replacing adobe ones. El Paso Street became a bustling center of commerce running from San Jacinto Plaza on San Francisco Street to the ferry landing at the Rio Grande.
In 1882, just months after the Four Dead in Five Seconds Gunfight, William J. Montgomery (1833–1899) built this structure on a vacant lot between two buildings that were situated North and South of the property. Montgomery made use of the two buildings' existing walls, constructing only a roof, floor, front wall and back wall. He ran a new wall down the middle, creating two new addresses, 216 and 218 El Paso Street.
The building was typical of western frontier architecture of the late 19th century. It featured a false front to make it appear taller and more like commercial buildings found in the East. Originally, the building housed a drug store and a book store.
Architectural significance.
The outward appearance of the Montgomery building was typical of those built in Western towns during the railroad boom of the late 19th century. Developers wanted railroad towns to look as much like eastern towns as possible so stone and lumber quickly replaced adobe and log as the primary building materials. Timber was scarce in El Paso but the railroad brought milled lumber, much of it from the Cloudcroft area. Railroads also brought pressed tin, cast iron, glass and hardware that were used to simulate styles popular in the eastern United States.
The one-part commercial building is a simple box with a decorated wood façade and cornice. The architectural style of small, pitched-roof buildings with false fronts created the commercial core of the new western towns during the mid-19th century.
The Montgomery building had one ground-level floor with a false front added to make the building appear taller. The false front was topped by a bracketed cornice typical of the Italianate style popular at the time. This created the impression that the building was larger and housed more businesses and people, similar to the main commercial streets found in eastern American towns. In front of the original structure there was a wooden sidewalk covered by a wooden roof and hitching posts for horses. It is known exactly what the exterior of the Montgomery building looked like in 1882 from a photograph taken by F. Parker who documented many of the changes taking place in the city during that period.
Modern times.
The two addresses have undergone many interior and exterior renovations over the years. They have housed drugstores, restaurants, shoemakers, and clothing stores. The building is now occupied by Dave’s Pawn Shop and a clothing store. With the arrival of the automobile and the paving of streets, the wooden sidewalks, post, and roofs were removed and conventional sidewalks were constructed. Today, the wooden facade of the building lies beneath a modern sign but the cornice is clearly visible. 216-218 S. El Paso Street is a classic example of western architecture from the boom era of the 1880s.
Situated on one of the past main commercial thoroughfares of the city, it continues to represent part of the rich frontier heritage of El Paso and is one of the few remaining structures from the original commercial district of the Old Western town of El Paso.
The addresses 216 and 218 S. El Paso St. have remained in continuous use for more than one hundred and twenty years making it the oldest surviving commercial structure in the City of El Paso.

</doc>
<doc id="9717019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717019" title="225 Baronne Street">
225 Baronne Street

225 Baronne Street, located at 225 Baronne Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 29-story, 362 feet (110 m)-tall skyscraper.
Location.
225 Baronne Street<br>New Orleans, LA

</doc>
<doc id="9717020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717020" title="Martin Bodenham">
Martin Bodenham

Martin John Dale Bodenham (born 23 April 1950) is an English former football referee and current cricket umpire. He was born in Brighton, but lived for part of his life in Looe, Cornwall. He now hails from Ferring, in Sussex.
In 2008, Bodenham was named by the England and Wales Cricket Board as a first-class umpire for the 2009 County cricket season. "He will make history as the first man to have officiated at top-flight football and umpire at first-class cricket in England and Wales." As a referee, his career highlights have included "the 1997 League Cup Final, and replay, between Leicester City and Middlesbrough."
Career.
He first took up refereeing in Brighton 'parks' football in 1966.
His progression to top level refereeing was finally achieved in 1978.
In Europe, on 18 May 1994, he was fourth official at the 1994 European Cup Final in Athens, AC Milan defeating Barcelona 4–0.
His most prestigious appointment domestically was the League Cup Final at Wembley on 6 April 1997, when Leicester City drew 1–1 with Middlesbrough after extra time. A replay was necessary, during which Martin presided over Leicester's 1–0 victory at Hillsborough (also after extra time), the goal coming from Steve Claridge in the 100th minute.
He also refereed two FA Cup semi finals during his 32 year career, before his retirement in 1998. At this point, he entered the world of cricket, becoming a Sussex League umpire.
In 2001, he became the first ever Head of Refereeing for the county of Sussex. He is also a Premier League match observer, referees' assessor, and UEFA delegate.
Bodenham switched active sports completely in 2005, becoming a top-class cricket umpire, and was added to the ECB reserve list in 2006. He stood at the wicket for England A versus Sri Lanka at Worcester in May of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="9717039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717039" title="2006–07 Chicago Blackhawks season">
2006–07 Chicago Blackhawks season

The 2006–07 Chicago Blackhawks season was the Hawks' 81st season.
Regular season.
The Blackhawks struggled on the power play, finishing 30th overall in power-play goals scored (43) and power-play percentage (11.81%).
Season standings.
"Final regular season standings for the 2006–07 NHL season."
Transactions.
Draft picks.
Chicago's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft in Vancouver, British Columbia.
References.
Goaltenders:
Defensemen
•
•
•
•
Forwards
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

</doc>
<doc id="9717041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717041" title="Justus Henning Böhmer">
Justus Henning Böhmer

Justus Henning Boehmer (born January 29, 1674 in Hanover, died August 23, 1749 in Halle) was an outstanding German jurist, ecclesiastical jurist, Professor of the University of Halle and also Geheimer Rat, count palatine and chancellor of the Duchy of Magdeburg.
Career.
After his time at school in Hanover Justus Henning Boehmer studied law at the University of Jena since 1693. He attended judicial lectures inter alia with Professor Nikolaus Christoph Lyncker and also lectures in philosophy and theology. Initially after his first dissertation he was acted as an advocate in his hometown Hanover, but this employment did not meet his demands. 
In the year 1697 he therefore accepted an offer from the University of Rinteln, where he lectured young noblemen on his subjects. Some months later he moved to the Martin-Luther-University of Halle which was founded 1694, where he prepared his second dissertation with Christian Thomasius, Johann Franz Buddeus and Samuel Stryck. On August 27, 1699 he succeeded to complete his licenciate of civil law and church law. After a further time of lectures he had the opportunity to establish contact to the Prussian king’s court, while he attended his protégé, the young nobleman duke Heinrich Georg of Waldeck, to the court. There his extraordinary judicial talent attracted attention and on July 27, 1701 he was promoted to associate professor at the University of Halle, where he received his doctor’s degree on August 11, 1702. He owed Samuel Stryck, who was his former mentor and paternal friend, his advancement to Stryck’s adjutant on December 9, 1704 and later the position as professor of the judicial faculty at November 24, 1711. After Samuel Stryck’s death in the year 1715 Boehmer was appointed to the professorship and obtained also Stryk’s position of feudal law. 
In the same year on August, 17 the emperor court of Wien upgraded him to a count palatine. Four years later, on May 23, 1719 king Frederick William I of Prussia awarded him the title Geheimer Rat and nominated him on May 25, 1719 as director of the University of Halle and deputy full professor of the judicial faculty. In the meantime and due to his good reputations he received offers from the emperor court of Wien, from the Universities of Bern, Kiel, Helmstedt, Frankfurt (Oder), Tübingen or Celle, but he disclaimed all of this, because he wanted to stay at Halle. Instead of this he advised his son Georg Ludwig Boehmer to the University of Göttingen and his son Johann Samuel Friedrich von Boehmer to the University of Frankfurt (Oder).
After the death of the chancellor of the Duchy of Magdeburg, Johann Peter von Ludewig, Boehmer was assigned Ludewig’s function on December 14, 1743 and at the same time was promoted to full professor in Halle. But only a few years later suddenly he died with an apoplectic stroke.
Judicial efforts.
Justus Henning Boehmer was characterised not only by his excellent scholarship, but also by his deep religious perception. Thus he composed some significant chants, especially in his earlier years. 
In the judicial field initially he was a protectionist of the existing “territorial system" or Erastian theory of ecclesiastical government, but in the following years he represented a tendency to the natural right and the “Kollegialismus” ( "Protestant ecclesiastical theory from the 18th century in Germany. It contains the Protestant perception at that time regarding the relationship between Church and State to be understood as collegia on basis of human agreement" ), which was mainly continued by his sons. In his first great work, “"jus ecclesiasticum protestantiun"” he still drew on the traditional Canon Law, but he reformed the law to that effect that it was exempted from rigid orthodoxy, principles, resistance and dogmatism. Affected by the ideas of the Age of Enlightenment he represented an increasing critical and scientific development instead of a religious fundamentalism. Boehmers conception was predominant in the common Protestantism church law of the 18th century and was basis for further reforms to date.
His results in the domain of civil law were of similar importance. In his next main work “"Introductio in jus digestorum"” a pandects-compendium which was maintained until the 20th century, he liberated the traditional German law from the influence of the old Roman law and thus prepared the basis of “"general Landrecht (law code) of the Prussian states"”.
A huge amount of further significant and notable works on civil and church law as well as expertises were penned by him, and were publicised by his son Georg Ludwig Boehmer after Justus Henning’s death in the collected edition “"Exercitationes ad pandectas"” some years later.
Family.
Justus Henning Boehmer, son of the lawyer Valentin Boehmer (1634–1704) and Anna Margarethe Schirmer (1640–1714), was married to Eleonore Rosine Stützing (1679–1739). With her he had five children, four sons and one daughter who died with the age of 14 months. Three of his sons, Johann Samuel Friedrich von Boehmer (1704–1772), Karl August von Boehmer (1707–1748) and Georg Ludwig Boehmer (1715–1797) were also important German jurists, whereas the fourth son, Philipp Adolf Boehmer (1716–1789) was a professor of medicine and anatomy and also personal physician of King Frederick William II of Prussia (1744–1797).

</doc>
<doc id="9717044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717044" title="HOT-17">
HOT-17

HOT-17, or 2,5-dimethoxy-4-(β-isobutylthio)-N-hydroxyphenethylamine, is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family. It was presumably first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin and reported in his book, "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)".
Chemistry.
HOT-17's full chemical name is 2-[4-(2-isobutylthio)-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl-N-hydroxyethanamine. It has structural properties similar to 2C-T-17 and to other drugs in the HOT- series, with the most closely related compounds being HOT-2 and HOT-7.
General information.
The dosage range of HOT-17 is typically 70-120mg and its duration is approximately 12–18 hours according to Shulgin. HOT-17 produces time distortion and general psychedelia. It also has little to no body load.

</doc>
<doc id="9717057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717057" title="List of Skins episodes">
List of Skins episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the British teen drama "Skins". For a plot summary of the episodes, visit the main article of each series.
List of episodes.
Series 7 (2013).
On 8 March 2012, Channel 4 confirmed that "Skins" will come to an end after a seventh series, featuring characters from the first and second generations as they announced that the third generation would not be involved in the seventh series in a six-episode series, with Channel 4 promising "a celebration of this truly iconic series". On 19 March 2013, Channel 4 announced that the final series will air in July. On 19 June, it's was announced that "Skins Fire" will start off the finale series on 1 July. 
Jamie Brittain, who had quit the show after series 5, has returned as part of the writing staff. Jamie Brittain revealed via Twitter that filming will begin in late October.
E4 and Company Pictures announce the return of its multi-award winning teen drama Skins for a new series. Series seven will mark a departure in style with former stars Hannah Murray, Jack O'Connell and Kaya Scodelario returning to the roles which shaped their careers in three individual stories, each one broadcast in two, one hour parts.
The three stories will have distinct titles: 'Skins Pure' (featuring Cassie), 'Skins Rise' (featuring Cook) and 'Skins Fire' (featuring Effy). Lily Loveless (Naomi) and Kat Prescott (Emily) will also appear in guest roles. Each two-part episode centres on the characters now in their early twenties.
Skins co-creator Bryan Elsley said: “The three will play their iconic characters as they emerge into adulthood, and bring new challenging stories of young adults, grappling with life in Cameron’s Britain, to vivid and entertaining focus.”
C4 commissioning editor Sophie Gardiner added: “Skins is a show that defined a generation. That generation is growing up.”
C4 have announced Skins will bow out after the seventh series, to be aired next spring.
But an insider held out hope the show could still return elsewhere.
The source said: “If it does well it might come back, maybe not on E4 but on some other platform.” The series began on 1 July, 2013.
Character Video Diaries.
Series 1 (Generation 1).
Also to accompany the series, online video diaries were created for the following characters.
Series 3 (Generation 2).
The character video diaries functionally replaced Unseen Skins for the third series. A new diary was posted on the E4 website following the broadcast of each episode, and the diary often pertained to the events of that episode.
The Lost Weeks.
To explain what had happened to each character between series 1 and 2, a series of videos called "The Lost Weeks" were aired exclusively on E4.com. The episodes are as follows:
It should be noted that although several of these videos bear the same name as a character video diary they are two separate videos.
Television ratings.
All ratings are official ratings taken from BARB's database, unless otherwise stated.
Series 1: 2007.
Series 1 ratings do not include viewers watching on E4 +1, as the +1 ratings are unavailable on the BARB website. E4 +1 viewings typically add 200,000–300,000 viewers per episode.
Series 2: 2008.
Some ratings for +1 are missing as they were not in the top 10 rated E4 +1 programmes for that week. Viewers on +1 typically add 200,000–300,000 to the rating.
Series 3: 2009.
Some ratings for +1 are missing as they were not in the top 10 rated E4 +1 programmes for that week. Viewers on +1 typically add 200,000–300,000 to the rating.
Series 6: 2012.
Some ratings for +1 are missing as they were not in the top 10 rated E4 +1 programmes for that week. Viewers on +1 typically add 100,000–150,000 to the rating.
The official E4 +1 rating for this episode is missing as it was not in the top 10 rated E4 +1 programmes for that week. Instead it has been replaced with unofficial overnight rating.
Series 7: 2013.
Some ratings for +1 are missing as they were not in the top 10 rated E4 +1 programmes for that week. Viewers on +1 typically add 100,000–150,000 to the rating.
The official E4 +1 rating for this episode is missing as it was not in the top 10 rated E4 +1 programmes for that week. Instead it has been replaced with unofficial overnight rating.

</doc>
<doc id="9717078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717078" title="0191">
0191

0191 is the UK telephone dialling code used by Newcastle, Durham, Sunderland and other nearby areas in the north east of England.
Areas covered.
Numbering in the 0191 area is officially divided into three distinct areas, each with their own batches of local subscriber numbers:
In practice, some of the distinction between these areas has been lost due to differing levels of demand in each area and the need to find sufficient blocks of numbers for the many competing telephone companies that now exist. In particular, the original distinction between north Tyneside (2xx xxxx) and south Tyneside (4xx xxxx) has been obscured as the former range reached full capacity and recent allocations north of the Tyne have made use of spare capacity in the 4xx xxxx range. Further anomalies include Durham prefixes such as (0191) 350 being used by Cable & Wireless in Newcastle city centre and (0191) 275 being used by BT in South Shields, an area traditionally (0191) 4XX. New connections with Talk Talk have the prefix 447 or 340 no matter where in the 0191 area they reside and all new Sky telephone lines have the prefix 659, 660, 670 and 711 within the 0191 area regardless of location.
Local dialling omitting the area code and using only the seven digit subscriber number is possible throughout the area, regardless of location or service provider.
2010 Numbering Consultation.
The release of local numbers starting 7, 8 and 9 followed consultation by Ofcom, in which the regulator stated its plans to issue remaining unusued numbers in the 0191 area code in a way that preserves three distinct geographical groupings.
Ofcom's initial proposal included allocating the 7xx xxxx range to Tyneside and the 8xx xxxx range to Sunderland. These assignments were reversed following consultation feedback from individuals and BT.
History of the code.
The original 091 area code was introduced in 1982 and phased in over a period of approximately five years. It was the newest two-figure STD code since the STD system was introduced into the UK. It was later changed to 0191 as a part of PhONEday.
The first area to be converted was Newcastle upon Tyne (0632) and the change over took about 20 months starting in 1982. Newcastle City Centre five-digit numbers in 0632 all began with 2, so 18 months before the scheme started, their numbers were prefixed with 3; that would allow the number 2 to be utilised for the North Tyne numbering part of the scheme. The first exchanges to convert to 7-digit dialling were Blaydon, Birtley, and Washington. Their local 6-digit numbers already began with 4 and were situated south of the River Tyne; to alleviate misdialling and confusion they were the first localities to convert. The main problem was that Blaydon numbers already began with 44 so misdialling in that exchange was inevitable.
To prevent misdialling between (0632) 44XXXX and (091) 444 XXXX, a plan was devised to change all South Tyne numbers beginning with the digit 4 to 7 digits by inserting 1 between the first two digits, making them (091) 41X XXXX instead. No similar problems occurred in North Tyneside as number 2 was no longer in use, 5 was not in use in Sunderland, and 3 was never used in Durham. Local numbers were changed as follows: from Birtley 40 to 410, Blaydon 44 to 414 and Washington 46 to 416. At the same time, Ryton, the only exchange in the Newcastle area with 4-figure numbers, was prefixed with 413. Ryton was still utilising the old 089,422 code for Newcastle Ring until its conversion to 091. Ryton was never upgraded to 0632 prior to seven-digit dialling.
All other numbers were prefixed with 2 north of the River Tyne and 4 south of it. Sunderland followed with the prefix 5 after the Tyneside scheme was completed, and Durham, again shortly after, with 3. Unlike Tyneside, whose changeover occurred in stages, the entire Durham and the entire Sunderland changeover occurred simultaneously overnight.
Five-digit numbers in Sunderland were prefixed with 51 or 56; e.g., Sunderland (0783) 72000 became (091) 567 2000, and (0783) 43077 became (091) 514 3077.
Five-digit numbers in Durham were prefixed with 38; e.g., Durham (0385) 64411 became (091) 386 4411.

</doc>
<doc id="9717142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717142" title="Odawas (band)">
Odawas (band)

Odawas is a psychedelic/ambient rock band that formed in Bloomington, Indiana in late 2003.
History.
Their first EP, "Vitamin City", was self-released in 2004. In 2005, Jagjaguwar Records released "The Aether Eater", the band's first full-length album. While recording a follow-up record, singer and songwriter Michael Tapscott produced a home-recorded solo record under the moniker, More Animals of the Arctic. "An Appendix of Whaling Terms" was released in 2006 by Standard Recording Company. 2007 saw the release of "Raven and the White Night" on Jagjaguwar. The album found the band crafting material that blended the songwriting of Tapscott's solo work and the ambient textures developed on Odawas' Jagjaguwar debut.
In 2008 Tapscott and Edwards relocated to Chicago, IL and began recording their next album "The Blue Depths", which was released in 2009. They are now in the San Francisco area where they have been playing with long time friend and fellow Indiana musician Connor O'Sullivan [Grahame Lesh & Friends, Dem Suite, & Otto Mobile and the Moaners.) 

</doc>
<doc id="9717146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717146" title="Where There's a Will (novel)">
Where There's a Will (novel)

"Where There's a Will" is the eighth Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout. Prior to its publication in 1940 by Farrar & Rinehart, Inc., the novel was abridged in the May 1940 issue of "The American Magazine", titled "Sisters in Trouble."
Plot summary.
The famous Hawthorne sisters — April, May and June — visit Nero Wolfe in a body to ask his help in averting a scandal. After the shock of their brother Noel's death three days before, they have been dealt another shock at learning the terms of his will. May, a college president, insists that Noel had promised to leave $1 million to her school; however, the will leaves each sister nothing but a piece of fruit and passes almost all of Noel's estate to a young woman named Naomi Karn. The sisters want to hire Wolfe to persuade Naomi to turn over at least half of the inheritance so that Noel's widow Daisy will not bring a case to court that would cause a sensation.
Daisy's unexpected arrival interrupts the conference. She wears a veil at all times to cover the disfiguring scars left after Noel accidentally shot her with a bow and arrow. She discovered that Noel was having an affair with Naomi and now hates the entire Hawthorne family as a result. Wolfe assures her that he will consider her interests in addition to those of the sisters and attempt to negotiate with Naomi on their behalf.
Later that day, Inspector Cramer interrupts another meeting with the news that Noel had in fact been murdered. He had been killed by a shotgun blast while hunting on his country estate; it was assumed that he had tripped and discharged the weapon, but further analysis of the evidence has led the police to discard this theory. Archie is called away to help Fred Durkin keep an eye on a man whom Fred had been tailing - Eugene Davis, a partner at the law firm that drew up Noel's will, who had been seen in a bar with Naomi. Davis is now drunk and passed out in a run-down apartment.
On Wolfe's orders, Archie travels to the country estate, where he finds Wolfe, the family, and other associated individuals gathered to meet with the local police. Archie finds, to his surprise, that there are apparently "two" Daisy Hawthornes in the house. One is meeting with Wolfe and accusing April of the murder, based on the fact that a cornflower was found next to the body and April had had a bunch of them with her. The other is speaking to Naomi in the living room. The one meeting with Wolfe turns out to be the real Daisy, and Wolfe later determines that the other was actually April in disguise, trying to get information out of Naomi about the will and the relationship between her and Noel.
Later in the day, Archie finds Naomi strangled to death, her body hidden in an alcove next to the living room. Wolfe slips out of the house without telling Archie and has Orrie Cather drive him back to New York. Meanwhile, June's daughter Sara tells Archie that someone has stolen her camera. The film it contained had already been sent off to be developed, and Wolfe and Archie retrieve the pictures once they are both back in New York. After examining them, Wolfe warns Sara that her life will be in danger if she returns to the estate and has her stay at the brownstone. Cramer threatens to arrest Wolfe as a material witness to Naomi's murder, but Wolfe counters by threatening to turn evidence of the murderer's guilt over to a local newspaper instead of the police.
With all of the principals assembled in his office, Wolfe accuses Davis of switching Noel's actual will (which left generous bequests to Daisy, his sisters, and May's college) with a forgery that leaves nearly the entire estate to Naomi, in a plot to win her affections, and of killing Noel and Naomi. When Glenn Prescott, another of the law firm's partners, agrees with this theory, Davis angrily accuses him of the murders. Wolfe then reveals his evidence: one of Sara's pictures, which shows Prescott wearing a wild rose in his lapel, a flower that he could not have obtained in the city. He had picked it at the scene of Noel's murder, discarding the cornflower he had worn (later found near the body). Prescott is placed under arrest, and Archie decides to keep the material witness warrant as a souvenir.
The unfamiliar word.
"Nero Wolfe talks in a way that no human being on the face of the earth has ever spoken, with the possible exception of Rex Stout after he had a gin and tonic," said Michael Jaffe, executive producer of the A&E TV series, "A Nero Wolfe Mystery". Nero Wolfe's erudite vocabulary is one of the hallmarks of the character. Examples of unfamiliar words — or unfamiliar uses of words that some would otherwise consider familiar — are found throughout the corpus, often in the give-and-take between Wolfe and Archie.
Adaptations.
"Un incidente di caccia" (Radiotelevisione Italiana).
"Where There's a Will" was adapted for a series of Nero Wolfe films produced by the Italian television network RAI (Radiotelevisione Italiana). Directed by Giuliana Berlinguer from a teleplay by Vladimiro Cajoli, "Nero Wolfe: Un incidente di caccia" first aired July 13, 1969.
The series of black-and-white telemovies stars Tino Buazzelli (Nero Wolfe), Paolo Ferrari (Archie Goodwin), Pupo De Luca (Fritz Brenner), Renzo Palmer (Inspector Cramer), Roberto Pistone (Saul Panzer), Mario Righetti (Orrie Cather) and Gianfranco Varetto (Fred Durkin). Other members of the cast of "Un incidente di caccia" include Paola Mannoni (Mary), Gianna Piaz (Clotilde), Esmeralda Ruspoli (Amelia), Antonio Pierfederici (Glenn Prescott), Mariolina Bovo (Diana Karn), Edmonda Aldini (Daisy Hawthorne), Pier Paola Bucchi (Sara Dunn) and Claudio Gora (John Charles Dunn).

</doc>
<doc id="9717150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717150" title="Hifiklub">
Hifiklub

Hifiklub is an open experimental rock quartet based in Toulon. Permanent members include Régis Laugier (vocals + bass), Arnaud Maguet (visuals and more), Nicolas Morcillo (guitar) and Pascal Abbatucci Julien (drums).
<br><br>
Discography.
'"
2007.
'"<br>
Art.
'"
2010.
'"<br>
Musical Collaborations.
'"<br>
Artist Collaborations.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9717156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717156" title="Revolutionary Snake Ensemble">
Revolutionary Snake Ensemble

The Revolutionary Snake Ensemble is costumed funk/street beat improvisational brass band based in the Boston area performing a unique blend of original and traditional second line brass band music. Led by saxophonist Ken Field, a longtime member of the modern music ensemble Birdsongs of the Mesozoic, the group's colorful costumes and creative arrangements have earned it invitations to entertain audiences as large as 20,000. Revolutionary Snake Ensemble performances have included many venues including: the New Orleans Krewe of Muses Mardi Gras Parade, Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, the Cambridge River Festival, the HONK! festival, Regattabar, the Central Square World's Fair, the Somerville Theater, First Night Boston, First Night Providence, First Night Fall River, the Boston Museum of Fine Arts, the Brooklyn Academy of Music, the Puffin Cultural Forum, Tipitina's (New Orleans) and the Berklee Performance Center. 
The Ensemble can be heard on Parade of Numbers, an animated counting piece regularly aired on the beloved children's program Sesame Street, since the early 90's. It was animated by Field's late wife Karen Aqua (1954-2011).
Repeatedly nominated in their Best Music Poll by the Boston Phoenix and WFNX Radio, the Revolutionary Snake Ensemble includes a roster of notable Boston-area musicians. The group has been twice nominated by a panel of music writers and critics for a Boston Music Award, and was nominated Best Jazz Group in the 2014 New England Music Awards.
Their latest release, "Live Snakes" (Accurate Records 2014), was recorded in 2011 and 2013 in Boston, Brooklyn, & Manhattan, and documents four distinct incarnations of the ensemble, with two remixes by Field. "Live Snakes" features guest musicians Charles Neville, Josh Roseman, Kenny Wollesen, and Matt Darriau.
"Forked Tongue", the group's second CD, was released May 13, 2008 on the Cuneiform label and includes, among other tracks, a brass reinterpretation of Billy Idol's classic 'White Wedding.' The CD was included on best-of-year lists from the Village Voice, Georgia Public Radio, the Postimees (Estonia), KMUW (Wichita), WFNX (Boston), WRUW (Cleveland), AllAboutJazz.com, WUSM (Madison, WI), WNMC (Detroit), and WUSB (Stony Brook, NY).
"Year of the Snake" was the group's debut CD, and includes interpretations of music by other artists including Field, Sun Ra, John Scofield and James Brown. Liner notes were contributed by two-time Grammy-winning New Orleans music producer Scott Billington. The CD was listed as one of the top CDs of the year on New York NPR affiliate WNYC, in the New Orleans Gambit Weekly, and on Radio Popolare in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="9717200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717200" title="Thymol blue">
Thymol blue

Thymol blue (thymolsulphonephthalein) is a brownish-green or reddish-brown crystalline powder that is used as a pH indicator. It is insoluble in water but soluble in alcohol and dilute alkali solutions. It transitions from red to yellow at pH 1.2–2.8 and from yellow to blue at pH 8.0–9.6. It is usually a component of Universal indicator.
Structures.
Thymol blue has different structures at different pH.
Safety.
It may cause irritation. Its toxicological properties have not been fully investigated.

</doc>
<doc id="9717212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717212" title="Insurance Institute of Peterborough">
Insurance Institute of Peterborough

The Insurance Institute of Peterborough began as a branch of the Northampton Institute in 1932.
Every Chartered Insurance Institute (CII) member in the United Kingdom is also a member of a local institute. There are currently 61 local institutes across the UK, plus 7 associated institutes in the Republic of Ireland.
The network of local institutes offers a useful contact point and education advice.
Peterborough council is currently made up of President, Deputy President, Vice President's, Secretary, Social Secretary, Treasurer, Education Secretary, Insurance Charities Representative, Dinner Secretary, Syllabus Secretary, Publicity and Communications Officer & Chairman of Young
Members' Group.

</doc>
<doc id="9717213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717213" title="Sara Davis Buechner">
Sara Davis Buechner

Sara Davis Buechner (born David Buechner, 1959) is an American concert pianist and educator.
Career.
Born in Baltimore, Maryland, Buechner received her bachelor's and master's degrees from Juilliard School, studying with celebrated Czech pianist Rudolf Firkusny. She received her doctorate in music from the Manhattan School of Music.
She has been an assistant professor of piano at the University of British Columbia since 2003, and was formerly a member of the faculties of Manhattan School of Music and New York University.
Buechner underwent gender reassignment surgery in 2002. She dislikes the term "transsexual", and is said to be "mildly peeved" about being referred to as such, stating that living as a woman was the only honest way to live her life. She wrote of her experiences in a 2013 article in the New York Times.
She has performed with many different orchestras with an active repertoire of almost 100 concertos, and has given master classes at locations across the world.
Buechner is a Yamaha Artist and has made several recordings for the Disklavier player system.
Awards.
Buechner was awarded the first ever Beethoven Fellowship of the American Pianists Association in 1981. She was a prizewinner for piano at the 1983 Queen Elisabeth Music Competition. She was awarded the Gold Medal at the 1984 Gina Bachauer International Piano Competition, and won a Bronze Medal in the 1986 Tchaikovsky International Piano Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="9717232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717232" title="2006–07 Minnesota Wild season">
2006–07 Minnesota Wild season

This 2006–07 Minnesota Wild season began on October 5, 2006. It was the Wild's seventh season in the National Hockey League.
Regular season.
Excluding seven shootout goals allowed, the Wild finished the regular season with just 184 goals allowed, the fewest in the League.
Season standings.
Here is how the Wild did in the standings in 2006–07.
Schedule and results.
Here is the Wild's 2006–07 schedule with game by game results.
Playoffs.
The Minnesota Wild ended the 2006–07 regular season as the Western Conference's seventh seed.
Western Conference Quarter-finals: vs. (2) Anaheim Ducks.
Anaheim wins series 4–1
Transactions.
The Wild were involved in the following transactions during the 2006–07 season.
Draft picks.
Minnesota's picks at the 2006 NHL Entry Draft in Vancouver, British Columbia. The Wild had the 9th overall pick in the draft. They also had the Edmonton Oilers first round pick, 17th overall, which they used to trade for Pavol Demitra from the Los Angeles Kings on draft day.
External links.
Goaltenders:
•
Defensemen
•
•
•
Forwards
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

</doc>
<doc id="9717261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717261" title="Superficial cervical lymph nodes">
Superficial cervical lymph nodes

The superficial cervical lymph nodes are lymph nodes that lie near the surface of the neck.
Some sources state simply that they lie along the external jugular vein, while other sources state that they are only adjacent to the external jugular vein in the posterior triangle, and they are adjacent to the anterior jugular vein in the anterior triangle.
They can be broken down into:

</doc>
<doc id="9717281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717281" title="The 13th Scroll">
The 13th Scroll

The 13th Scroll is the first album by American avant-garde metal band Cobra Strike, released in 1999. In addition to lead member Buckethead, the album features drums by Pinchface, with additional drum programming by Bryan "Brain" Mantia and DJ Disk. On the right of artwork is shown Ultraman Hayata, a character of Ultraman, a popular 1966 Japanese Tokusatsu TV show.
The term "cobra strike" was inspired by the video game "" (1983). Artwork for the second album features cobras as seen in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9717286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717286" title="Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English">
Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English

Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English (LDOCE; ISBN 0-582-77646-5) was first published by Longman in 1978. The dictionary is available in various formats: paper with a bundled DVD-ROM or freely online. The "LDOCE" is advanced learner's dictionary, providing definitions by using a restricted vocabulary, helping non-native English speakers to get meanings easily. The free "LDOCE" online has been updated in its layout and released on 25 August 2008. The website offers search with spelling feature, definition, collocations, many examples and pictures. Its DVD version has had support for Linux since 2004. 
The latest version of "Longman Dictionary of Contemporary" English is the sixth edition.

</doc>
<doc id="9717296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717296" title="Anna Demidova">
Anna Demidova

Anna Stepanovna Demidova (1878 - July 17, 1918) was a maid in the service of Tsarina Alexandra of Russia. She acquired posthumous fame because she was murdered alongside her employer in 1918.
She shared the Romanov family's exile at Tobolsk and Ekaterinburg following the Russian Revolution of 1917 and was murdered with them on July 17, 1918. Like them, she was canonized as a martyr by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1991 as a victim of Soviet oppression.
Life.
Demidova, whose nickname was "Nyuta," was described as a "tall, statuesque blonde." She was the daughter of Stepan Demidov, a well-off merchant from Cherepovets. Demidova graduated from the Yaroslavl Institute for Maids with a teaching certificate.
She was a good friend of Elizaveta Ersberg, a parlormaid at the court, and was once engaged to Ersberg's brother Nikolai. In 1900 Ersberg secured her friend a position at the court. During her service at the Romanov court as a chambermaid, Demidova became smitten with the Romanov children's English tutor Charles Sydney Gibbes. In his memoirs, Gibbes described Demidova as "of a singularly timid and shrinking disposition."
Exile and death.
On the night of the murder, the family was awakened and told to dress. Demidova carried two pillows into which gems had been sewn. After the first volley of fire by the killers, Demidova, who had fainted after being wounded, revived and, finding herself still alive, exclaimed "Thank God! God has saved me!" Hearing her, the assassins turned on her. Screaming and crying, she attempted to defend herself, but was eventually stabbed to death with bayonets.
Funeral.
Demidova's great-niece, Natalie Demidova, attended the funeral held on July 17, 1998 in Peter and Paul Cathedral in St. Petersburg for Demidova, the Romanov family, and other victims killed by the Bolsheviks eighty years earlier.
In literature and drama.
Anna Demidova features as a character in the play, "Ekaterinburg" about the time in captivity of the Romanovs and their retainers inside the Ipatiev House in Ekaterinburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9717310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717310" title="Neptune (band)">
Neptune (band)

Neptune is a noise music band from Boston, noted for having built their custom-made guitars and basses out of scrap metal. The band also plays custom-made percussion instruments and electric lamellophones.
Band history.
Neptune's origins trace to a 1994 sculpture project by Boston artist/musician Jason Sanford, who created the band's guitars and drums from scrap steel and found objects. In 2007, they released their album Gong Lake on the Table of the Elements label, home to art heroes Tony Conrad, Rhys Chatham and Faust. Neptune has performed with artists including The Ex, Mission of Burma, Ut, Oneida, Lightning Bolt, The Flaming Lips, Blonde Redhead, Melt-Banana, Charles Hayward, Liars, Black Dice, James Chance & the Contortions, Gang Gang Dance, The Dresden Dolls, Six Finger Satellite, and Wolf Eyes. As of 2011, the lineup includes Sanford and longtime Neptune collaborator Mark Pearson as well as musicians/instrument inventors Kevin Micka and Farhad Ebrahimi.
Discography.
Split Releases.
"Split LP", Full length split w/ One Second Riot, LP only. (Distile Records, 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="9717328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717328" title="Royals Sports Television Network">
Royals Sports Television Network

The Royals Sports Television Network or RSTN was a regional sports network serving the Kansas City area, Kansas, western Missouri, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Iowa owned by the Kansas City Royals. The network began operations before the 2003 Major League Baseball season in response to Fox Sports Net Midwest's decision to reduce the number of Royals games it broadcast. RSTN had trouble getting widespread carriage by cable systems in the area and had no satellite carriage. However, the Royals got off to a good start that season and RSTN was able to make a deal with FSN Midwest in June to redistribute most of their broadcasts. RSTN ceased operations after the 2007 season, with the Royals moving to the new channel Fox Sports Kansas City in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="9717329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717329" title="HMS P48">
HMS P48

Two ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "P48".

</doc>
<doc id="9717371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717371" title="2006–07 San Jose Sharks season">
2006–07 San Jose Sharks season

The San Jose Sharks 2006–07 season was the 16th season played by the franchise.
Offseason.
During the 2006 offseason, the San Jose Sharks made significant changes in order to bolster their defense and team grit. The Sharks signed Mike Grier from the Buffalo Sabres and former Shark Curtis Brown from the Chicago Blackhawks, two forwards noted for their defense prowess on both sides of the ice. After signing the two veterans, Doug Wilson traded their top offensive defenceman in 2005–2006, Tom Preissing, to the Ottawa Senators for centerman Mark Bell of the Chicago Blackhawks in a 3-way trade involving Martin Havlat going from Ottawa to the Blackhawks. Wilson then traded underachieving winger Ekman to Pittsburgh. In August, to round off their flurry of trades, the Sharks signed veterans Mathieu Biron and Patrick Traverse. The Sharks also signed many players such as Graham Mink and Scott Ferguson for their AHL affiliate. On October 2, 2006, the Sharks acquired Vladimir Malakhov and a first-round conditional draft pick in exchange for Jim Fahey and Alexander Korolyuk, who is playing in Russia.
Regular season.
The Sharks got off to a sizzling 20–7–0 start, the best in franchise history. Soon however, several key players missed a few games each with injuries, and the Sharks continued to struggle with consistency as their results dropped off. At the end of February, they lost four games in a row, their longest losing streak of the season.
When the trading deadline approached, Wilson used some of his carefully acquired assets to address the team's areas of need, trading draft picks and prospects for Craig Rivet from the Montreal Canadiens and Bill Guerin from the St. Louis Blues. With Rivet playing quality minutes on defense and Guerin scoring goals on offense, the Sharks began winning at a torrid pace, finishing the last 16 games of the regular season with a record of 13–1–3. They concluded the regular season with a total record of 51–26–5 for 107 points, the most wins and points in franchise history. However, in the stacked Western Conference, their record was only good enough for the #5 playoff seed, and they had to open the playoffs on the road.
Unique to note is that the Sharks spent most of the season rotating their two goaltenders, Vesa Toskala and Evgeni Nabokov every other game. The only time either one has played for any extended period of time was when the other was injured or otherwise unable to play. When Toskala injured his groin, Nabokov made 14 straight starts and played arguably the best hockey of his career, significantly contributing to the Sharks' late-season spate of victories. As a result, even when Toskala returned from injury, Coach Ron Wilson retained Nabokov as the #1 goalie to finish off the regular season and going into the playoffs.
The Sharks iced four rookies during the season: Marc-Edouard Vlasic, Matt Carle, Ryane Clowe, and Joe Pavelski, with each making significant contributions to the team's success. Vlasic, at just 19 years old, was not even expected to make the team, but he put together a stellar preseason and was on the Sharks' opening night roster. He went on to play 81 games, leading all NHL rookie defensemen in average ice time at over 21 minutes a game, and was arguably the Sharks' most consistent defenceman the whole season.
In the first round of the 2007 Stanley Cup Playoffs, the Sharks again met the Nashville Predators, and advanced to the second round after defeating them 4 games to 1 for the second straight season. They then fell to the Detroit Red Wings in the semi-finals in 6 games.
Playoffs.
The San Jose Sharks ended the 2006–07 regular season as the Western Conference's fifth seed.
Western Conference Quarter-finals: vs. (4) Nashville Predators.
San Jose wins series 4–1
Western Conference Semi-finals: vs. (1) Detroit Red Wings.
Detroit wins series 4–2
References.
Goaltenders:
Defensemen
•
•
•
Forwards
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

</doc>
<doc id="9717378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717378" title="HMS P48 (1942)">
HMS P48 (1942)

HMS "P48" was a Royal Navy U-class submarine built by Vickers-Armstrong at Barrow-in-Furness.
The submarine departed from Malta on her last patrol, on 23 December 1942 under the command of Lieutenant M.E. Faber. She was sunk with the loss of her entire crew two days later whilst attacking an Italian convoy in the Gulf of Tunis heading towards Tunis. The submarine was depth charged by two Italian torpedo boats, "Ardente" and "Ardito" at position 37º15'N, 10º30'E, north-west of the island of Zembra. The submarine was officially declared overdue on 5 January 1943.
This vessel and her crew were honored and immortalized by the nephew of one of the lost sailors (Lt. Stephen E. Spring Rice, RNVR) in the song "One of Our Submarines" by Thomas Dolby.

</doc>
<doc id="9717384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717384" title="Middle America (region)">
Middle America (region)

Middle America is a region in the mid-latitudes of the Americas. In southern North America, it usually comprises Mexico, the nations of Central America, and the Caribbean. The scope of the term may vary. Sometimes, Colombia and Venezuela are also included in Middle America; the Caribbean are occasionally excluded from the region; and the Guianas are infrequently included.
Physiographically, Middle America marks the territorial transition between the rest of North America and South America, connecting yet separating the two. On the west, the Middle American mainland comprises the tapering, isthmian tract of the American landmass between the southern Rocky Mountains in the southern United States and the northern tip of the Andes in Colombia, separating the Pacific Ocean on the west and the Atlantic Ocean (viz. the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea) on the east, while the Greater and Lesser Antilles form an island arc in the east. The region developed sub-aerially southward from North America as a complex volcanic arc-trench system during the Early Cretaceous period, eventually forming the land bridge during the Pliocene epoch when its southern end (at Panama) collided with South America through tectonic action.
Occasionally, the term "Middle America" is used synonymously with "Central America" (compare with "Middle Africa" and "Central Africa"). In English, the term is uncommonly used as a synonym of the term "Mesoamerica" (or "Meso-America"), which generally refers to an ancient culture region situated in Middle America extending approximately from central Mexico to northern Costa Rica. In addition, some residents of the region (e.g., Costa Ricans and Nicaraguans) may be referred to as "Meso-Americans" or "Central Americans" but not, however, as "Middle Americans", which refers to a particular constituency in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9717390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717390" title="Entergy Tower">
Entergy Tower

Entergy Tower (also known as One Poydras Plaza), located at 639 Loyola Avenue in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 28-story, -tall skyscraper.
The building used to have the Consulate-General of Japan in New Orleans. In 2006 Japan announced that it was moving the consulate to Nashville, Tennessee. The Japanese Government relocated the mission to be close to industries and operations owned by Japanese companies.

</doc>
<doc id="9717398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717398" title="Arch of the atlas">
Arch of the atlas

Arch of the atlas can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9717400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717400" title="Climate change in popular culture">
Climate change in popular culture

The issue of climate change and global warming, its possible effects, and related human-environment interaction have entered popular culture since the late 20th century.
Science historian Naomi Oreskes has noted that "there's a huge disconnect between what professional scientists have studied and learned in the last 30 years, and what is out there in the popular culture". An academic study contrasts the relatively rapid acceptance of ozone depletion as reflected in popular culture with the much slower acceptance of the scientific consensus on global warming.
Literature.
Non-fiction.
This refers to the genre, without regard to whether the books are accurate or intended to be accurate.

</doc>
<doc id="9717401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717401" title="Ridgewood Reservoir">
Ridgewood Reservoir

Ridgewood Reservoir is a decommissioned 19th century reservoir that sits on the Brooklyn–Queens border within New York City and is part of Highland Park. The reservoir itself is actually on the Queens side of the border in the neighborhood of Glendale. The reservoir and park are bounded on the north by the Jackie Robinson Parkway, on the south by Highland Boulevard, on the west by the backyards of homes on Bulwar Place and on the east by Cypress Hills National Cemetery.
Construction.
Ridgewood Reservoir was built by the City of Brooklyn, New York, which was rapidly outgrowing its local water supplies and a new reservoir at Mount Prospect. The original design of the Ridgewood Reservoir as well as the final specifications for the Brooklyn Water Works system was designed by Brooklyn civil engineer, Samuel McElroy. This original design called for three basins, however, later engineer J.P. Kirkwood altered the designs and instead built a double basin. The new double reservoir was built in Snediker's Cornfield on a hilltop near Evergreen Cemetery in what was once part of Ridgewood, Queens (this section of Queens is now part of Glendale) and was sealed by puddling with clay and paving with stones. Ground was broken for the reservoir on July 11, 1856 and water was first raised on November 18, 1858.
Water from western Queens County was insufficient to keep the reservoir full, so a covered, vaulted aqueduct or conduit, a little more than three feet wide and four high (1 x 1.2 meters) was built to bring water several miles from Baisley Pond to a pumping station at Atlantic Avenue and Chestnut Street near the City Line. There, steam powered pumps with a capacity of 14 million gallons per day forced the water up through a reinforced tube into the high reservoir whence it was distributed. A third basin was added in 1863. By 1868 the Ridgewood Reservoir held an average of 154.4 million gallons daily, enough to supply the City of Brooklyn for ten days at that time.
Baisley Pond ultimately failed to keep up with growing demand, so new collection reservoirs were built, including Hempstead Lake, a new artificial lake in the Town of Hempstead in south central Queens County (now southwestern Nassau County). Volume from Hempstead Lake was disappointing, due to the permeability of the sandy Long Island soil.
In subsequent decades the Brooklyn Water Works system was repeatedly expanded by adding wells and collection reservoirs, extending the conduit farther east, and adding pumps. Farmers in southern Queens County complained that Brooklyn's thirst was lowering the water table. Late in the century, the conduit was extended to a large pumping station in Massapequa, some 30 miles (50 km) away. Efforts to extend it farther were thwarted by legislation protecting the water of Suffolk County. Force Tube Avenue, Conduit Boulevard, and Sunrise Highway were built, in part, atop the water conduit or within its right of way, early in the 20th century.
Highland Park, Brooklyn was created on land immediately surrounding Ridgewood Reservoir that was purchased by the City of Brooklyn in 1891 under the jurisdiction of the Highland Park Society. The park was constructed between 1901 and 1906 and included additional parcels purchased to the south and west.
Decommissioning.
In 1898, Brooklyn merged with the City of Greater New York, thus gaining access to the superior New York City water supply system. Ridgewood Reservoir was expensive to operate because of the need for pumping and was slowly made obsolete by expansion of New York City's Catskill and Delaware water systems. Ridgewood Reservoir became a backup reservoir in 1959 with the third basin being filled with water from the Catskill system. The reservoir was last used in a drought in the 1960s. During the 1970s the reservoir was the site of illegal swimming and a number of drownings. The reservoir was finally decommissioned and drained in 1989.
Some of the Nassau County pumping stations including the one at Milburn (now Baldwin) survived into the 21st century as ruins. Valley Stream State Park, Hempstead Lake State Park, and other South Shore lakes and parks were originally Brooklyn Water Works reservoirs.
Following decommissioning and abandonment, the reservoir naturally became a small birch forest (one of the few on Long Island) with a grassy marsh in the center basin. The creation of this virtual nature sanctuary attracted a wide variety of fauna, including some rare species of birds. The bicycling trail around the reservoir perimeter became part of the Brooklyn-Queens Greenway.
In 2004, the reservoir was officially turned over to the Department of Parks for more extensive integration into Highland Park. In October 2007, the Parks Commissioner Adrian Benepe quietly unveiled a contract to breach one of the reservoir basins and clear for new ball fields. However, on June 26, 2008, Comptroller of New York City Bill Thompson, Jr. rejected that contract for the new development, citing concerns about the environmental impact, increased truck traffic, and the vendor selection process. There is an extensive community effort to keep the reservoir in its "natural" state as a nature preserve.
Controversy.
In 2014, plans, which were obtained through a freedom of information request by Save Ridgewood Reservoir, a local nonprofit dedicated to keeping the reservoir in its natural state, indicate the City's intention to construct culverts to breach the three basins. These plans illustrate the design and construction of culverts large enough to accommodate trucks and are part of a City Parks Department project that has been said is necessary to eliminate a flooding hazard. This has brought the concerns of development of the site back to the forefront. The City has stated that unless this work is done, the State of New York will issue fines since the reservoir has been classified as a dam and according to guidelines is therefore a flooding hazard. This is not without controversy as local activists have pointed out that only one of the three basins has water in it at any given time and that the depth of that water is, at most, two feet. Activists further cite historical records ("The Brooklyn Water Works And Sewers. A Descriptive Memoir" by D. Van Nostrand) that indicate it took massive, steam-powered pumps 6 months to fill the reservoir basins halfway. In spite of this as well as vehement local opposition, this plan is still ongoing and is scheduled to begin in August of 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="9717405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717405" title="Wilma de Faria">
Wilma de Faria

Wilma de Faria was the governor of the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte from 2003 to 2010. She was the first woman to hold the position. She is a member of the Brazilian Socialist Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9717436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717436" title="Retropharyngeal lymph nodes">
Retropharyngeal lymph nodes

The retropharyngeal lymph nodes, from one to three in number, lie in the buccopharyngeal fascia, behind the upper part of the pharynx and in front of the arch of the atlas, being separated, however, from the latter by the Longus capitis. 
Their "afferents" drain the nasal cavities, the nasal part of the pharynx, and the auditory tubes.
Their "efferents" pass to the superior deep cervical glands.
They are in the retropharyngeal space.
They frequently disappear by age 4-5. (This is why retropharyngeal abscess is rare in older children.)

</doc>
<doc id="9717442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717442" title="Yeda Crusius">
Yeda Crusius

Yeda Rorato Crusius (São Paulo, July 26, 1944) is an economist and former governor of the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul until December 31, 2011. She was the first female governor of the state.
Background and political associations.
She graduated in Economics at the University of São Paulo and at the Vanderbilt University. She has been living in Porto Alegre since 1970, when she married Carlos Augusto Crusius. In 1990, she joined PSDB.

</doc>
<doc id="9717445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717445" title="Gameroom magazine">
Gameroom magazine

GameRoom Magazine is an American magazine focusing on arcade games (pinball, jukebox and video games). It was founded in 1988 by Dave C. and Donna Cooper of New Albany, Indiana, and was created to serve the growing market of coin-op memorabilia collectors, hobbyists, and restorers. The first issue, dated January 1989, focused on jukeboxes. The magazine also covered other coin-operated playthings, such as pinball machines, slot machines, and gumball machines, in addition to related items such as carousels, gas station memorabilia, and antique ice cream scoops.
History.
In 1993 "GameRoom" absorbed a competing periodical, "The Pinball Trader". To serve this market, "GameRoom" increased its pinball machine coverage.
"GameRoom" was subsequently sold to Tim and Jacqueline Ferrante after the passing of Dave Cooper in September 1996. After relocating the magazine's homebase to Keyport, New Jersey, the magazine grew to feature regular columnists, more pages, a website online, and a merchandise department.
Coverage of arcade video games increased in January 1997, and in 2001 "GameRoom" published "The Arcade Video Game Price Guide", the world's first comprehensive pricing guide for arcade video games.
In late 2005, after nine years, the Ferrantes sold the magazine to Kevin Steele, best known as the creator of RetroBlast!, a website focusing on the home arcade industry. The first issue under Steele's direction was the January 2006 issue. Under his ownership, "GameRoom" features increased content, usually around 64 pages an issue, and full color pages throughout the magazine.
Around November 17, 2010 a notice was posted to the magazine's website announcing the magazine was no longer economically feasible to produce and would cease publication immediately. The last issue produced was October 2010 - volume 22 number 10.
On May 1, 2014, The Pinball Company announced it had acquired the assets of "GameRoom" and had plans to re-launch the magazine in the fall of that year. The magazine would be a quarterly publication and provide more high quality images of new and classic pinball machines and arcades. It would continue to feature articles related to game room products and those who play and collect them. 
Focus.
Coverage of pinball games, jukeboxes, arcade video games, and arcade emulation cabinets are frequent topics, as are tips on repairing and restoring these machines. Interviews with game creators and programmers, spotlights on individual collector's home game room layouts, reviews of topical books and DVDs, and news items of interest to those with game rooms are also featured monthly.

</doc>
<doc id="9717450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717450" title="RMS Lucania">
RMS Lucania

RMS "Lucania" was a British ocean liner owned by the Cunard Steamship Line Shipping Company, built by Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company of Govan, Scotland, and launched on Thursday, 2 February 1893.
Identical in dimensions and specifications to her running mate , RMS "Lucania" was the joint largest passenger liner afloat when she entered service in 1893. On her second voyage, she won the prestigious Blue Riband from the other Cunarder to become the fastest passenger liner afloat, a title she kept until 1898.
Power plant and construction.
"Lucania" and "Campania" were partly financed by the Admiralty. The deal was that Cunard would receive money from the Government in return for constructing vessels to admiralty specifications and also on condition that the vessels go on the naval reserve list to serve as armed merchant cruisers when required by the government. The contracts were awarded to the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, which at the time was one of Britain’s biggest producers of warships. Plans were soon drawn up for a large, twin-screw steamer powered by triple expansion engines, and construction began in 1891, just 43 days after Cunards' order.
"Lucania" and "Campania" had the largest triple expansion engines ever fitted to a Cunard ship. These engines were also the largest in the world at the time, and still rank today amongst the largest of the type ever constructed. They represent the limits of development for this kind of technology, which was superseded a few years later by turbine technology. In height, the engines were 47 feet, reaching from the double-bottom floor of the engine room almost to the top of the superstructure - over five decks. Each engine had five cylinders. There were two high pressure cylinders, each measuring in diameter; one intermediate pressure cylinder measuring in diameter; and two low pressure cylinders, each measuring in diameter. They operated with a stoke of . Steam was raised from 12 double-ended scotch boilers, each measuring in diameter and having eight furnaces. There was also one single-ended boiler for auxiliary machinery and one, smaller donkey boiler. Boiler pressure was 165 lbs, and enabled the engines to produce , which translated to an average speed of , and a record speed of 23½ knots. Normal operating speed for the engines was about 79 rpm.
Each engine was located in a separate watertight engine compartment. In case of a hull breach in that area, only one engine room would then be flooded, and the ship would still have use of the adjacent engine. In addition to this "Lucania" had 16 transverse water-tight compartments, with water-tight doors that could be manually closed on command from the telegraph on the bridge. She could remain afloat with any two compartments flooded.
Passenger accommodation.
In their day, both ships offered the most luxurious first-class passenger accommodations available. According to martime historian Basil Greenhill, in his book "Merchant Steamships", the interiors of "Campania and Lucania" represented Victorian opulence at its peak — an expression of a highly confident and prosperous age that would never be quite repeated on any other ship. Greenhill remarked that later vessels' interiors degenerated into "grandiose vulgarity, the classical syntax debased to mere jargon".
All the first-class public rooms, and the en-suite staterooms of the upper deck, were generally heavily panelled, in oak, satinwood or mahogany; and thickly carpeted. Velvet curtains hung aside the windows and portholes, while the furniture was richly upholstered in matching design. The predominant style was Art Nouveau, although other styles were also in use, such as "French Renaissance" which was applied to the forward first-class entrance hall, whilst the 1st class smoking room was in "Elizabethan style", comprising heavy oak panels surrounding the first open fireplace ever to be used aboard a passenger liner.
Perhaps the finest room in the vessels was the first class dining saloon, over 10' (3.05 m) high and measuring 98' (30 m) long by 63' (19.2 m) wide. Over the central part of this room was a well that rose through three decks to a skylight. It was done in a style described as "modified Italian style", with the a coffered ceiling in white and gold, supported by ionic pillars. The panelled walls were done in Spanish mahogany, inlaid with ivory and richly carved with pilasters and decorations.
Wireless history.
In October 1903,Guglielmo Marconi chose "Lucania" to carry out further experiments in wireless telegraphy, and was able to stay in contact with radio stations in Nova Scotia and Poldhu. Thus it became possible to transmit news to "Lucania" for the whole duration of the Atlantic crossing. On October 10, "Lucania" made history again by publishing an on-board news-sheet based on information received by wireless telegraphy whilst at sea. The newspaper was called "Cunard Daily Bulletin" and quickly became regular and successful publication. 
Final days.
"Lucania" and "Campania" served as Cunard's major passenger liners for 14 years, during which time both liners were superseded in speed and size by a succession of four-funnelled German liners, starting with the in 1897. The German competition necessitated the construction of replacements for the two Cunarders, which came to fruition in 1907 with the appearance of the and . It was soon decided that "Lucania" was no longer needed, and her last voyage was on July 7, 1909, after which she was laid up at the Huskisson Dock in Liverpool. Then, at around 7.00pm on August 14, 1909, she was badly damaged by a fire, and partially sank at her berth. Five days later she was sold for scrap, and the contents of her interior auctioned.
See also.
Ships built at Govan

</doc>
<doc id="9717452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717452" title="Viacheslav Belavkin">
Viacheslav Belavkin

Viacheslav Pavlovich Belavkin (1946 - 2012) was a professor in applied mathematics at the University of Nottingham. An active researcher, he was one of the pioneers of quantum probability. His research spanned areas such as quantum filtering, quantum information and quantum chaos.
Biography.
He was born in Lwów, and graduated from Moscow State University in 1970 where his teachers include Evgeny Lifshitz, Victor Pavlovich Maslov, Andrey Kolmogorov and Ruslan L. Stratonovich. In the 1980s Belavkin held visiting professorship in the Dublin Institute of Advanced Studies, and the Volterra Centre in Rome before taking up an appointment at Nottingham University in 1992. He was promoted to a Chair in Mathematical Physics in 1996. In 1996, he and Ruslan L. Stratonovich were awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation (formerly the Lenin Prize) for outstanding achievements in science and technology. He is survived by his wife Nadezda Belavkin and son Roman Belavkin.

</doc>
<doc id="9717463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717463" title="HMS P33">
HMS P33

Two ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "P33".

</doc>
<doc id="9717464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717464" title="Cobra Strike II">
Cobra Strike II

Cobra Strike II: Y, Y+B, X+Y <hold> ← is the second album by Buckethead's side project Cobra Strike. In addition to Buckethead and DJ Disk, this album features a completely different cast of musicians.
The term "cobra strike" was inspired by the video game "" (1983). Artwork for the album features cobras as seen in the game.
The music is more or less in the same vein as "The 13th Scroll" and includes several sound samples from the cult film "El Topo" like in «Desert» and «First Master».
The title and the content of «Yoshimitsu's Den» is a reference to a game character for the Tekken series of fighting games. 
Credits.
Cobra Strike:
Buckethead - guitars
SHePz - Bass
Gonervill - beats
O.P. Original Princess - voice
P-Sticks - beats

</doc>
<doc id="9717469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717469" title="Ana Julia Carepa">
Ana Julia Carepa

Ana Julia Carepa (born December 23, 1957 in Belém, Pará) is a Brazilian politician, and was the Governor of the Brazilian state of Pará. She is Pará's first female governor, and is a member of the Workers' Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9717487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717487" title="Yugoslav Handball Championship">
Yugoslav Handball Championship

The Yugoslav Handball Championship was the highest level of handball competition in Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. After the dissolution of Yugoslavia, the league was succeeded by the following competitions:

</doc>
<doc id="9717488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717488" title="Philipp Naegele">
Philipp Naegele

Philipp Otto Naegele (January 22, 1928 – January 31, 2011) was a United States-based violinist, violist and scholar.
Naegele was born in Stuttgart in January 1928. In 1939 he traveled on the Kindertransport to England to escape Hitler's regime and in 1940 he was reunited with his parents in New York in the United States.
Though Naegele began his studies privately he was admitted to the High School of Music and Art, then on to Queens College and completed a doctorate in musicology at Princeton University. He also received a Fulbright Scholarship, allowing him to study at the Vienna Academy of Music under Franz Samohyl.
In 1956-64 he played with the Cleveland Orchestra. He taught at Smith College as well as being William R. Kenan Professor of Music Emeritus, teaching at Smith College and Amherst College.
He was known for his involvement with the Marlboro Music Festival, which he had performed at since its inception. At Marlboro College he was under the tutelage of Adolf Busch, who he called his "idol".

</doc>
<doc id="9717489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717489" title="Melvin Nieves">
Melvin Nieves

Melvin Nieves Ramos (born December 28, 1971 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a former professional baseball outfielder. He played all or part of seven seasons in Major League Baseball from 1992 until 1998, and two seasons in Nippon Professional Baseball in 1999–2000. Listed at 6'2", 210 lb., he was a switch-hitter and threw right-handed.
Early life.
Nieves attended Luis Pales Matos High School in Santa Rosa, Puerto Rico before being signed by the Atlanta Braves in 1988.
Professional career.
Atlanta Braves.
Nieves started his professional career fairly poorly. In 56 games with the Gulf Coast League Braves in 1988, he batting average was an anemic .170. He was only 16 years old at that time.
His time with the Pulaski Braves in 1989 was a great improvement. He played 64 games with them that year, hitting .277 with nine home runs and 64 RBI. He continued his improvement in 1990, hitting .283 with nine home runs and 59 RBI in 126 games with the Sumter Braves. His 10 stolen bases is a professional career high that he would match only once more in his career.
His 1991 season with the Durham Bulls was less stellar than his previous season-he hit only .264-but he remained consistent in the home run category, again hitting nine home runs.
He did very well in 1992, hitting a combined 26 home runs between the Bulls and Greenville Braves. This prompted his promotion to the Majors, and he made his debut on September 1 of that year with the Braves. At the age of 20, he was the youngest person to don a big league uniform that season. His first stint in the majors was less than impressive-in 19 at-bats, he hit only .211. He collected his first big league hit off the infamous Anthony Young of the New York Mets in his second career at-bat on September 2.
San Diego Padres.
He started the 1993 season in the Braves system, hitting .278 with 10 home runs in 78 games with the Richmond Braves, before being traded with minor leaguer Vince Moore and Donnie Elliott to the San Diego Padres for Fred McGriff in July of that year. In 43 games with the Padres' AAA team, the Las Vegas Stars, he hit .308 with seven home runs. He spent 19 games in the Majors in 1993, hitting an unimpressive .191. He did hit his first career home run that season, a solo shot off pitcher Chris Hammond on September 8. He was the seventh youngest player to don a uniform in 1993. According to "Baseball America", he was the 39th best prospect in 1993.
His 1994 season was perhaps the best of his professional career. In 406 at-bats with Las Vegas, he blasted 25 home runs and drove in 92 runs, all the while hitting .308. A poor eye at the plate led him to 138 strikeouts, though. That earned him a promotion to the majors, where he for once was somewhat impressive-in 19 at-bats with the Padres, he hit .263. He spent all of 1995 with the Padres. In 234 at-bats, he hit only .205 with 88 strikeouts. His 14 home runs were overshadowed by the large number of whiffs. He hit the only two grand slams of his career in 1995-the first off Terry Mulholland on August 2 and the second off Doug Henry on August 26. "Baseball America" says he was the 69th best prospect in 1994.
Perhaps it was his poor performance in 1995 that prompted the Padres to trade him. On March 22, 1996, just before the beginning of the season, Nieves was traded with Raul Casanova and Richie Lewis to the Detroit Tigers for Sean Bergman, Todd Steverson and Cade Gaspar, a minor leaguer.
Detroit Tigers.
His 1996 season undoubtedly the best of his career, but overall not a great season. He played in 120 games with Detroit that season, hitting 24 home runs and driving in 60 RBI. His batting average was only .246, though, and he struck out 158 times in 431 at-bats. Perhaps the most memorable game of his 1996 season was on April 6-against the Oakland Athletics, he collected two doubles, a triple and a home run. Twice in 1996 he also accomplished the fairly rare feat of hitting home runs from both sides of the plate in a game. The first time he did it was against the Milwaukee Brewers on July 15-he victimized pitchers Ricky Bones and Mike Potts in that game. The next time he did it was on August 20. against the Chicago White Sox. In that game, he victimized pitchers Kevin Tapani and Rich Sauveur. Oddly, those were the only two games in his career in which he hit two or more home runs.
Although he hit 20 home runs in 1997 for Detroit, his batting average again was subpar at .228, and he struck out 157 times in 359 at-bats. His 158 strikeouts in 1996 and 157 strikeouts in 1997 were second most by a batter each year, trailing only Jay Buhner each year.
Cincinnati Reds.
On November 11, 1997, he was traded from the Tigers to the Cincinnati Reds for Paul Bako and Donne Wall. Although he played 15 games and hit .283 in the minors with the Indianapolis Indians in 1998, he spent most of the season as a bench player, getting 119 at-bats in 83 games. He hit .252 in that time. That would be the last of the majors he would see, playing his final game on September 14 of that year. He finished his big league career on a ten at-bat long hitless streak.
Minor leagues and overseas.
Although his big league career was over, his professional career was far from it. In 1999, he signed with the NPB's Fukuoka Daiei Hawks. From that point on, he played affiliated, foreign and independent baseball. In addition to Japan, Nieves has spent time in Mexico, the Atlantic League, and the Northern League, just to name a few locations. Most recently, he spent with the Vaqueros Laguna of the Mexican League.
Career overview.
Overall, he hit .231 with 63 home runs and 187 RBI in the majors. He played in 458 games, collected 284 hits, walked 136 times and struck out 483 times. The numbers he wore in his career were 7 (1992), 10 (1993), 3 (1994–1995), 30 (1996–1997) and 46 (1998).
Personal life.
Melvin is the nephew of José Morales. At last check, he lived in Southern Pines, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="9717503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717503" title="Kurdish rebellions in Turkey">
Kurdish rebellions in Turkey

Kurdish rebellions in Turkey refer to violent Kurdish nationalist separatist struggles in Turkey, beginning after the Turkish War for Independence and the consequent transition from the Ottoman Empire into the modern Turkish state.
According to Turkish military records, Kurdish rebellions have been taking place in Anatolia for over two centuries, While tribal Kurdish revolts had shuttered the Ottoman Empire through the last decades of its existence, the conflict in its modern phase is considered to have begun in 1922, with the emergence of Kurdish nationalism in parallel with the formation of modern State of Turkey. In 1925, an uprising for an independent Kurdistan, led by Shaikh Said Piran, was put down quickly, and Said and 36 of his followers were executed soon thereafter. Several other large scale Kurdish revolts occurred in Ararat and Dersim in 1930 and 1937. Turkish Air Force used aerial bombardments effectively against Kurdish uprisings. Sabiha Gökçen, Turkey's first female pilot and the adopted daughter of Atatürk, took part in the bombing raids against the Dersim Kurds.
Background.
Kurds accuse successive Turkish governments of suppressing their identity through such means as the banning of Kurdish language in print and media. Atatürk believed the unity and stability of a country lay in a unitary political identity, relegating cultural and ethnic distinctions to the private sphere. However, many Kurds did not relinquish their identities and language. Large-scale armed conflict between the Turkish armed forces and the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) occurred throughout the 1980s and 1990s, leaving over 35,000 dead. Recent moves by the Turkish government have provided Kurds with limited rights and freedoms, particularly in regards to the Kurdish language, education, and media. Kurdish politicians and activists still face pressure. -->
Koçkiri rebellion, 1920.
The 1920 Koçkiri Rebellion in the overwhelmingly Kizilbash Dersim region, while waged by the Kizilbash Koçkiri tribe, was masterminded by members of an organisation known as the Kürdistan Taâlî Cemiyeti (KTC). This particular rebellion failed for several reasons, most of which have something to do with its Kizilbash character. The fact was that many Dersim tribal chiefs at this point still supported the Kemalists - regarding Mustafa Kemal as their 'protector' against the excesses of Sunni religious zealots, some of whom were Kurmancî Kurds. To most Kurmancî Kurds at the time, the uprising appeared to be merely an Alevi uprising - and thus not in their own interests.
In the aftermath of the Koçkiri rebellion there was talk in the new Turkish Republic's Grand National Assembly of some very limited forms of 'Autonomous Administration' by the Kurds in a Kurdish region centered in Kurdistan. All this disappeared in the 1923 Treaty of Lausanne, however. Bitterly disappointed, the Kurds turned again to armed struggle in 1925 - this time led by the Zaza cleric Sheikh Said, but organized by another, newer, Kurdish nationalist organization, Azadî.
History.
Sheikh Said Rebellion, 1925.
The main rebellion which dominates the history of the Kurds in Turkey is that of the 1925 rebellion in Kurdistan region of Turkey which was led by Sheikh Said. The repression and aggression of Kemalist secularism followed and all public manifestations of Kurdish identity was outlawed which, in turn, prepared Kurds for more rebellion. The revolt of Sheikh Said began in February 1925 .Of almost 15000 fighters who participated in the rebellion against the 52,000 Turkish Gendarmerie, the main Kurdish tribes participating in the rebellion came from Zaza. The rebellion covered most of the part of Amed (Diyarbakir) and Mardin provinces. The Sheikh Said rebellion was the first large scale rebellion of the Kurdish national movement in Turkey. The main organizer of this rebellion was the Kurdish Independent Society, Azadi. Azadi’s intention was to liberate Kurds from Turkish oppression and thus deliver freedom and further, develop their country. By March 1925 the revolt was pretty much over. Sheikh Said and all the other rebel leaders were hanged by June 29.
In Fall of 1927 Sheikh Abdurrahman (brother of Sheikh Said) began a series of attacks on Turkish garrisons in Palu and Malatya. Districts of "Lice", Bingöl were captured by the rebels. They also occupied the heights south of Erzurum. Turkish military used air force against the rebels using five airplanes in Mardin. In October 1927, Kurdish rebels attacked and occupied Bayazid. The brother of Sheikh Said tried to exact revenge on the Turkish government by attacking several army bases in Kurdistan. Nothing permanent was accomplished. They were driven out after Turkish reinforcements arrived in the area.
The rebellion failed, however, by 1929, Ihsan Nuri’s movement was in control of a large expanse of Kurdish territory and the revolt was put down by the year 1930.
Ararat rebellion, 1927-1930.
The Republic of Ararat () was a self-proclaimed Kurdish state. It was located in the east of modern Turkey, being centered on Ağrı Province. The Republic of Ararat was declared independent in 1927, during a wave of rebellion among Kurds in south-eastern Turkey. The rebellion was led by General İhsan Nuri Pasha. However it was not recognized by other states, and lacked foreign support.
By the end of summer 1930, the Turkish Air Force was bombing Kurdish positions around Mt. Ararat from all directions. According to General Ihsan Nuri Pasha, the military superiority of Turkish Air Force demoralized Kurds and led to their capitulation. On July 13, the rebellion in Zilan was suppressed. Squadrons of 10-15 aircraft were used in crushing the revolt. On July 16, two Turkish planes were downed and their pilots were killed by the Kurds. Aerial bombardment continued for several days and forced Kurds to withdraw to the height of 5,000 meters. By July 21, bombardment had destroyed many Kurdish forts. During these operations, Turkish military mobilized 66,000 soldiers and 100 aircraft. The campaign against the Kurds was over by September 17, 1930. The Ararat rebellion was defeated in 1931, and Turkey resumed control over the territory.
Government measures after 1937.
After suppression of the last rebellion in 1937, Southeast Anatolia was put under martial law. In addition to destruction of villages and massive deportations, Turkish government encouraged Kosovar Albanians and Assyrians to settle in the Kurdish area to change the ethnic composition of the region. The measures taken by the Turkish Army in the immediate aftermath of the revolt became more repressive than previous uprisings. People were put in barns and caves and burned alive. Forests were surrounded and set alight to exterminate those who had taken refuge there. Many Kurdish females committed collective suicide and threw themselves into rivers. According to the Turkish Communist Party, between 1925 to 1938, more than 1.5 million Kurds were deported and massacred. In order to prevent the events from having a negative impact on Turkey's International image and reputation, foreigners were not allowed to visit the entire area east of Euphrates until 1965 and the area remained under permanent military siege till 1950. The Kurdish language was banned and the words "Kurds" and "Kurdistan" were removed from dictionaries and history books and Kurds were only referred to as "Mountain Turks".
Kurdish–Turkish conflict, 1970s-present.
Kurdish nationalism began resurgence in the 1970s when Turkey was racked with left-right clashes and the Marxist PKK was formed demanding a Kurdish state. PKK declared its objective as the liberation of all parts of Kurdistan from colonial oppression and establishment of an independent, united, socialist Kurdish state. It initially attracted the poorer segments of the Kurdish population and became the only Kurdish party not dominated by tribal links. PKK's chairman, Abdullah Öcalan, was proud of being from humble origins. It characterized its struggle mainly as an anti-colonial one, hence directing its violence against "collaborators", i.e., Kurdish tribal chieftains, notables with a stake in the Turkish state, and also against rival organizations. The military coup in 1980 lead to a period of severe repression and elimination of almost all Kurdish and leftist organizations. The PKK, however, was the only Kurdish party that managed to survive and even grow in size after the coup. It initiated a guerrilla offensive with a series of attacks on Turkish military and police stations and due to its daring challenging of the Turkish army, gradually won over grudging admiration of parts of the Kurdish population. In the beginning of 1990, it had set up its own local administration in some rural areas. Around this time, PKK changed its goals from full Kurdish independence to a negotiated settlement with the Turkish government, specially after some promising indirect contacts with President Turgut Özal. After Özal's sudden death, the Turkish military intensified its operations against PKK bases. These measures succeeded in isolating the PKK from the civilians and reduced it to a guerrilla band operating in the mountains. In 1999, increased Turkish pressure on Syria led to Öcalan's expulsion and ultimate arrest by Turkish Maroon Berets in Kenya.
During the 1980s Turkey began a program of forced assimilation of its Kurdish population. This culminated in 1984 when the PKK began a rebellion against Turkish rule attacking Turkish military and civilian targets. Since the PKK's militant operations began in 1984, 37,000 people have been killed. The PKK has been continuing its guerrilla warfare in the mountains. However since 1995, and especially since the AK Party came to power there have been numerous reforms and the situation has greatly improved. As a result the fighting is limited to approximately 3000 fighters.

</doc>
<doc id="9717521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717521" title="HMS P32">
HMS P32

Two ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "P32".

</doc>
<doc id="9717524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717524" title="Susquehanna Township School District">
Susquehanna Township School District

The Susquehanna Township School District is a midsized, suburban, public school district serving students from Susquehanna Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. The school district is located in suburban Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. The Susquehanna Township School District encompasses approximately . According to a June 2008 local census data, it serves a resident population of 22,977 people. In 2010 the population had grown to 24,047 people. In 2009, Susquehanna Township School District residents' per capita income was $26,572 a year, while the median family income was $61,781 a year.
Per Susquehanna Township School District officials, in school year 2007–08, the Susquehanna Township School District provided basic educational services to 3,271 pupils through the employment of 245 teachers, 168 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 5 administrators.
Susquehanna Township School District operates:
Governance.
Susquehanna Township School District is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "C-" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
The Susquehanna Township School District is served by the Capital Area Intermediate Unit 15 which offers a variety of services, including a completely developed K-12 curriculum that is mapped and aligned with the Pennsylvania Academic Standards (available online), shared services, a group purchasing program and a wide variety of special education and special needs services.
Academic achievement.
In 2013, the Susquehanna Township School District was ranked 375th out of 500 Pennsylvania public school districts by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking is based on the last three years of student academic achievement as demonstrated by PSSAs results in reading, mathematics and writing and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2013, the "Pittsburgh Business Times" also reported an Overachievers Ranking for 498 Pennsylvania school districts. Susquehanna Township ranked 461st. The paper describes the ranking as: "a ranking answers the question - which school districts do better than expectations based upon economics? This rank takes the Honor Roll rank and adds the percentage of students in the district eligible for free and reduced-price lunch into the formula. A district finishing high on this rank is smashing expectations, and any district above the median point is exceeding expectations." 
In 2009, the academic achievement of the students in the Susquehanna Township School District was in the 31st percentile of Pennsylvania's 500 school districts. Scale (0–99; 100 is state best)
District AYP status history.
In 2012, Susquehanna Township School District declined to Warning Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status In 2011, Susquehanna Township School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP). In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance. Susquehanna Township School District achieved AYP status each year from 2006 to 2009. In 2004 and 2005 the District was in School Improvement status, while in 2003 the District was in Warning status due to lagging student achievement.
Graduation rate.
In 2013, Susquehanna Township School District's graduation rate declined to 88%. In 2012, Susquehanna Township School District's graduation rate was 90%. In 2011, the Susquehanna Township School District graduation rate was 91%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Susquehanna Township High School's rate was 87% for 2010.
Middle school.
Susquehanna Township Middle School is located at 801 Wood Street, Harrisburg. In 2013, the School reported enrollment of 717 pupils, with 34.5% coming from low income homes. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2012, the School reported an enrollment of 717 pupils in grades 6th through 8th, with 245 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 56 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 12:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 2 teachers were rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
Susquehanna Township Middle School achieved 71.6 out of 100. Reflects on grade level reading, writing, mathematics and science achievement. In reading, only 64% of the students were on grade level. In Mathematics, 68% of the students showed on grade level skills. In Science, 51% of the 8th graders demonstrated on grade level understanding. In writing, 52.5% of the 8th grade students demonstrated on grade level writing skills. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 2,181 public schools (less than 73 percent of Pennsylvania public schools), achieved an academic score of 70 or higher.
In 2012, Susquehanna Township Middle School further declined to School Improvement I Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status due to lagging student achievement in both reading and mathematics. In 2011, Susquehanna Township Middle School declined to Warning AYP status. In 2010, Susquehanna Township Middle School achieved AYP status. In 2009, the School was in Warning status due to low student achievement. The attendance rate was 95% in both years.
T. W. Holtzman Jr, Elementary School.
T. W. Holtzman Jr, Elementary School is located at 1910 Linglestown Road, Harrisburg. In 2010, the school enrolled 693 students in grades 3rd through 5th, with 239 students receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. T. W. Holtzman Jr, Elementary School employed 50 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 13:1. Has both a principal and an assistant principal. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind.
T. W. Holtzman Jr, Elementary School achieved 73.4 out of 100. The score reflects on grade level: reading, science and mathematics achievement.In 2012-13, only 60.9% of the students were reading on grade level. In 3rd grade, 70% of students were reading on grade level. In math, just 60.6% of the students were on grade level. In 4th grade science, just 79.76% of the pupils demonstrated on grade level understanding. In writing, only 60.29% of pupils were on grade level.
In 2012, Thomas W Holtzman Elementary School declined to Warning AYP status due to missing all metrics measured in reading and mathematics. In 2011, Thomas W Holtzman Elementary School achieved AYP status. In 2010, the school was in Warning status due to low student achievement. In 2009, the School achieved AYP.
Sara Lindemuth Elementary School.
Sara Lindemuth Elementary School is located at 1201 North Progress Ave, Harrisburg. In 2013, the school has 585 students enrolled in grades kindergarten through second grades, with 38% of its students receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 39 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. No AYP testing is conducted in grades K-2. The school provides full day kindergarten.
Sara Lindemuth Elementary School achieved 77.2 out of 100. The score reflects on grade level: reading and mathematics achievement. In 2012-13, only 70.24% of the students were reading on grade level. In math, 74.25% were on grade level.
Special education.
In December 2011, Susquehanna Township School District administration reported that 425 pupils or 14% of the district's pupils received Special Education services, with 47% of identified students having a specific learning disability. In December 2009, the district administration reported that 496 pupils or 16% of the district's pupils received Special Education services. In 2008, Susquehanna Township School District reported that 17% of its pupils received special education services.
The District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress. To identify students who may be eligible for special education, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Instructional Support Team or Student Assistance Team. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Supervisor of Special Education. Capital Area IU conducts the Capital Area Local Task Force. The Right to Education Consent Agreement of 1972 provided for the establishment of a Local Task Force in each of the 29 Intermediate Units. The primary purpose is to ensure that the intent and spirit of the Right to Education Consent Agreement is carried out throughout the Commonwealth.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for Special Education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Special Education funding structure is through the federal Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) funds and state appropriations. IDEA funds are appropriated to the state on an annual basis and distributed through intermediate units (IUs) to school districts, while state funds are distributed directly to the districts. Total funds that are received by school districts are calculated through a formula. The Pennsylvania Department of Education oversees four appropriations used to fund students with special needs: Special Education; Approved Private Schools; Pennsylvania Chartered Schools for the Deaf and Blind; and Early Intervention. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. Over identification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education. The state requires each public school district and charter school to have a three-year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. In 2012, the Obama Administration's US Department of Education issued a directive that schools include students with disabilities in extracurricular activities, including sports.
The Susquehanna Township School District received a $1,327,376 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the 2011-12, 2012–13 and 2013-14 school years, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010-11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required. Additionally, the state provides supplemental funding for extraordinarily impacted students. The District must apply for this added funding.
Gifted education.
The Susquehanna Township School District Administration reported that 61 or 1.91% of its students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility. Through the strategic planning process, the Superintendent must ensure that Susquehanna Township School District provides a continuum of programs and service options to meet the needs of all mentally gifted students for enrichment, acceleration, or both.
Bullying policy.
Susquehanna Township School District administration reported there were 6 incidents of bullying in the district in 2009.
The Susquehanna Township School Board has provided the district's antibully policy online. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Wellness policy.
Susquehanna Township School Board established a district wellness policy in 2006 – Student Wellness Policy 246. The policy deals with nutritious meals served at school, the control of access to some foods and beverages during school hours, age appropriate nutrition education for all students, and physical education for students K-12. The policy is in response to state mandates and federal legislation (P.L. 108 – 265). The law dictates that each school district participating in a program authorized by the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq) or the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq) "shall establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006."
The legislation placed the responsibility of developing a wellness policy at the local level so the individual needs of each district can be addressed. According to the requirements for the Local Wellness Policy, school districts must set goals for nutrition education, physical activity, campus food provision, and other school-based activities designed to promote student wellness. Additionally, districts were required to involve a broad group of individuals in policy development and to have a plan for measuring policy implementation. Districts were offered a choice of levels of implementation for limiting or prohibiting low nutrition foods on the school campus. In final implementation these regulations prohibit some foods and beverages on the school campus. The Pennsylvania Department of Education required the district to submit a copy of the policy for its approval. This includes classroom party guidelines from the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
Susquehanna Township School District offers both a free school breakfast and free or reduced-price lunch to children in low income families. All students attending the school can eat breakfast and lunch at school. Children from families with incomes at or below 130 percent of the federal poverty level are provided a breakfast and lunch at no cost to the family. Children from families with incomes between 130 and 185 percent of the federal poverty level can be charged no more than 30 cents per breakfast. A foster child whose care and placement is the responsibility of the State or who is placed by a court with a caretaker household is eligible for both a free breakfast and a free lunch. Runaway, homeless and Migrant Youth are also automatically eligible for free meals. The meals are partially funded with federal dollars through the United States Department of Agriculture.
In 2013, the USDA issued new restrictions to foods in public schools. The rules apply to foods and beverages sold on all public school district campuses during the day. They limit vending machine snacks to a maximum of 200 calories per item. Additionally, all snack foods sold at school must meet competitive nutrient standards, meaning they must have fruits, vegetables, dairy or protein in them or contain at least 10 percent of the daily value of fiber, calcium, potassium, and Vitamin D. In order to comply with the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010 all US public school districts are required to raise the price of their school lunches to $2.60 regardless of the actual cost of the lunch.
Susquehanna Township School District provides health services as mandated by the Commonwealth and the federal government. Nurses are available in each building to conduct annual health screenings (data reported to the PDE and state Department of Health) and to dispense prescribed medications to students during the school day. Students can be excluded from school unless they comply with all the State Department of Health’s extensive immunization mandates. School nurses monitor each pupil for this compliance. Nurses also annually monitor each child's weight and report the data to the state.
Budget.
Pennsylvania public school districts budget and expend funds according to procedures mandated by the General Assembly and the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE). An annual operating budget is prepared by school district administrative officials. A uniform form is furnished by the PDE and submitted to the board of school directors for approval prior to the beginning of each fiscal year on July 1.
Under Pennsylvania’s Taxpayer Relief Act, Act 1 of the Special Session of 2006, all school districts of the first class A, second class, third class and fourth class must adopt a preliminary budget proposal. The proposal must include estimated revenues and expenditures and the proposed tax rates. This proposed budget must be considered by the Board no later than 90 days prior to the date of the election immediately preceding the fiscal year. The preliminary budget proposal must also be printed and made available for public inspection at least 20 days prior to its adoption. The board of school directors may hold a public hearing on the budget, but are not required to do so. The board must give at least 10 days’ public notice of its intent to adopt the final budget according to Act 1 of 2006.
In 2012, the average teacher salary in Susquehanna Township School District was $57,271 a year, while the cost of the benefits teachers receive was $17,361 per employee, for a total annual average teacher compensation of $74,632. In 2011, the average teacher salary in Susquehanna Township School District was $54,739 a year, while the cost of the benefits teachers received was $14,124 per employee, for a total annual average teacher compensation of $68,864. The highest salary is $134,734 In 2012, the district employed 238 teachers and administrators
In 2009, Susquehanna Township School District reported employing 262 teachers and administrators with a median salary of $54,885 and a top salary of $143,520. The teacher’s work day is 7 hours 30 minutes, with a daily preparation period and a 30-minute duty-free lunch. There are 188 days in the contract year. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, professional development reimbursement, paid personal days, 10 paid sick days, and other benefits.
In 2007, Susquehanna Township School District employed 216 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $51,432 for 180 days worked. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation.
Administrative spending Susquehanna Township School District administrative costs per pupil in 2008 was $627.50 per pupil. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil. The Pennsylvania School Boards Association collects and maintains statistics on salaries of public school district employees in Pennsylvania. According to the association's report, the average salary for a superintendent, for the 2007-08 school year, was $122,165. Superintendents and administrators receive a benefit package commensurate with that offered to the district's teachers' union. According to PSBA, the median Superintendent salary rose to over $130,000 in 2011.
Superintendent's contract In April 2013, the school board approved a four year contract to Superintendent Susan Kegerise with a salary of $138,776 in 2013. Her annual salary is $140,000 from Jan. 1, 2013 through June 30, 2017. The contract became a matter of contention with newly elected board members and the community due to terms which tied the boards hands in dealing with the superintendent.
Per pupil spending In 2008, Susquehanna Township School District reported spending $11,685 per pupil. This ranked 316th in the commonwealth. In 2010, the District’s per pupil spending had increased to $12,655.96. In 2011, Pennsylvania’s per pupil spending was $13,467, ranking 6th in the United States. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was reported as $12,759.
The U.S. Census Bureau reported that Pennsylvania spent $8,191 per pupil in school year 2000-01. In 2007, the Pennsylvania per pupil total expenditures was reported as $12,759. Among the fifty states, Pennsylvania’s total per pupil revenue (including all sources) ranked 11th at $15,023 per student, in 2008-09. Pennsylvania’s total revenue per pupil rose to $16,186 ranking 9th in the nation in 2011.
Audit In 2009, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of Susquehanna Township School District. The findings were reported to the school board and administration.
Tuition Students who live in Susquehanna Township School District's attendance area may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. Or a student living in a neighboring public school district may seek admission to Susquehanna Township School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each school district. It is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the District's schools. The 2012 tuition rates for Susquehanna Township School District are Elementary School - $9,564.34, High School - $8,826.01.
Susquehanna Township School District is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax 0.5%, a property tax, per capita tax $5, Resident Tax $5, Occupation Privilege Tax $5, Occupation Tax $270, Amusement Tax 10%, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Grants can provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension and Social Security income are exempted from both state personal income tax and local earned income tax regardless of the individual's wealth.
Reserves.
In 2008, Susquehanna Township School District reported a $2,390,826.00 in an unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The designated fund balance was reported as $2,500,000. In 2010, Susquehanna Township School Administration reported an increase to $3,100,000 in the unreserved-undesignated fund balance and $5,321,527 in a designated fund. In 2013, Susquehanna Township School District reported $12,829,781 in reserves, with over $3 million in undesignated reserves. Pennsylvania school district reserve funds are divided into two categories – designated and undesignated. The undesignated funds are not committed to any planned project. Designated funds and any other funds, such as capital reserves, are allocated to specific projects. School districts are required by state law to keep 5 percent of their annual spending in the undesignated reserve funds to preserve bond ratings. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, from 2003 to 2010, as a whole, Pennsylvania school districts amassed nearly $3 billion in reserved funds.
State basic education funding.
For the 2013-14 school year, the Susquehanna Township School District will receive a 3.5% increase or $3,430,116 in Pennsylvania Basic Education Funding. This is $116,457 more than its 2012-13 state BEF to the District. Additionally, Susquehanna Township School District will receive $88,433 in Accountability Block Grant funding to focus on academic achievement and level funding for special education services. Among the public school districts in Dauphin County, Derry Township School District received the highest percentage increase at 5.4%. The District has the option of applying for several other state and federal grants to increase revenues. The Commonwealth’s budget increased Basic Education Funding statewide by $123 million to over $5.5 billion. Most of Pennsylvania’s 500 public school districts received an increase of Basic Education Funding in a range of 0.9% to 4%. Eight public school districts received exceptionally high funding increases of 10% to 16%. The highest increase in state funding was awarded to Austin Area School District which received a 22.5% increase in Basic Education Funding. The state funded the PSERS (Pennsylvania school employee pension fund) with $1,017,000,000 and Social Security payments for school employees of $495 million.
For the 2012-13 school year, Susquehanna Township School District received $3,401,999 in state funding. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012-2013 included $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which was an increase of $49 million over the 2011-12 budget. In addition, the Commonwealth provided $100 million for the Accountability Block Grant (ABG) program. Susquehanna Township School District also received $88,433 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The state also provided a $544.4 million payment for School Employees’ Social Security and $856 million for School Employees’ Retirement fund called PSERS. This amount was a $21,823,000 increase (0.34%) over the 2011-2012 appropriations for Basic Education Funding, School Employees' Social Security, Pupil Transportation, Nonpublic and Charter School Pupil Transportation. Since taking office, Corbett’s first two budgets have restored more than $918 million in support of public schools, compensating for the $1 billion in federal stimulus dollars lost at the end of the 2010-11 school year.
In 2011–12, Susquehanna Township School District received $3,311,788 in state Basic Education Funding which was a 3.55% increase over the previous year's funding. The highest increase awarded among Dauphin County school districts was a 10.48% increase given to Harrisburg City School District Additionally, Susquehanna Township School District received $88,433 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget included $5,354,629,000 for the 2011–2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount is a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010–2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011–12.
For 2010–11, Susquehanna Township School District received a 15.89% increase in State Basic Education Funding for a total of $3,615,584. This was the highest awarded to a Dauphin County school district. Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County received the highest increase, in the state, at 23.65% increase in basic education funding for the 2010–11 school year. Fifteen (15) Pennsylvania public school districts received a BEF increase of greater than 10%. The state's hold harmless policy regarding state basic education funding continued where each district received at least the same amount as it received the prior school year, even when enrollment had significantly declined. The amount each district received was determined by then Governor Edward G. Rendell and Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state's annual budget process. This was the second year of Governor Rendell’s policy to fund some public school districts at a far greater rate than others.
In the 2009–2010 budget year, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 10.66% increase in Basic Education Funding for a total of $3,119,891 to the Susquehanna Township School District. This was the highest increase received by any Dauphin County school district. Susquehanna Township School District also received supplemental funding for: Title I (federal funding for low-income students), for district size, a poverty supplement from the Commonwealth and more. Three school districts in Dauphin County received an increase in excess of 5%. Muhlenberg School District in Berks County received the highest increase in the commonwealth at 22.31%.
The state Basic Education Funding to Susquehanna Township School District in 2008–09 was $2,819,264.50. In 2009, the administration reported that 901 students received a free or reduced-price lunch based on the federal poverty levels. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Pennsylvania spent $7,824 Per Pupil in the year 2000. This amount increased up to $12,085 by the year 2008.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004–2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010–11 the district applied for and received $240,030 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The Susquehanna Township School District uses the funding to provide reduced class size K-3rd and for teacher coaches who train classroom teacher in reading and math instruction for the 4th year. The funding is also used to pay teachers for writing new curriculum at the high school. In 2009–10, the state provided $271.4 million in Accountability Block Grants $199.5 million went to providing all-day kindergartens.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Mathematics) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006–2009. Susquehanna Township School District did not apply for funding in 2006–07. In 2007–08, Susquehanna Township School District received $171,104. In 2008–09, the District received $52,046 for a total funding of $223,150. Among the public school districts in Dauphin County, the highest award was given to Harrisburg City School District which received $692,809. The highest funding statewide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. The grant program was discontinued by Governor Edward Rendell as part of the 2009-10 state budget.
Other grants.
Susquehanna Township School District did not participate in: Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection's Environmental Education annual grants, PA Science Its Elementary grants (discontinued effective with 2009-10 budget by Governor Rendell), Education Assistance Grants, 2012 Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy grant, 2012 and 2013 Pennsylvania Hybrid Learning Grants nor the federal 21st Century Learning grants.
Federal Stimulus funding.
Susquehanna Township School District received an extra $1,286,188 in ARRA – Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 808 students qualified for free or reduced-price lunch due to low family income in 2008.
Race to the Top grant.
Susquehanna Township School District officials did not apply for the federal Race to the Top grant which would have meant hundreds of thousands in additional federal dollars to improve student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. According to then Governor Rendell, failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Susquehanna Township School Board decided to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
The Susquehanna Township School Board set property taxes for 2013–14 remained at 16.9500 mills. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate – land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and government property. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75–85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts.
According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Act 1 Adjusted index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not allowed to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011–2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year. With the 2011 state education budget, the General Assembly voted to end most of the Act 1 exceptions leaving only special education costs and pension costs. The cost of construction projects will go to the voters for approval via ballot referendum unless tha district has amassed sufficient reserves to pay for it.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Susquehanna Township School District 2006–2007 through 2010–2011.
For the 2013-14 budget year, Susquehanna Township School Board applied for one exception to exceed their Act 1 Index limit du eto the rapidly increasing teacher pension costs. For the school budget year 2013-14, 311 Pennsylvania public school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index. Another 171 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 89 school districts received approval to exceed the Index in full while others received a partial approval of their request. For special education costs, 75 districts received approval to exceed their tax limit. For the pension costs exception, 169 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. Eleven Pennsylvania public school districts received an approval for grandfathered construction debts.
For the 2012-13 budget year, Susquehanna Township School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. For 2012-2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit.
For the 2011–12 school year, the Susquehanna Township School Board also did not apply for any exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. Each year the Susquehanna Township School Board has the option of adopting either 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is publisher each year by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for the 2011–2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
For the 2010–11 school year budget, Susquehanna Township School Board did not seek an exception under Act 1 or 2006. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2009, the Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief from gambling for the Susquehanna Township School District was $70 per approved permanent primary residence. In the district, 6,427 property owners applied for the tax relief. In Dauphin County, the highest amount of tax relief in 2009, went to Harrisburg School District at $446. The tax relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. In Dauphin County, 68.71% of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009. Pennsylvania awarded the highest property tax relief to residents of the Chester-Upland School District in Delaware County at $632 per homestead and farmstead in 2010.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently individuals whose income is substantially more than $35,000 may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Extracurriculars.
Susquehanna Township School District offers a variety of clubs, activities and an extensive, costly sports program. Eligibility to participate is determined by school board policies. Susquehanna Township does not charge a fee for participation in extracurriculars.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The District funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2013 
Intermediate unit.
Susquehanna Township School District is served by the Capital Area Intermediate Unit 15 which offers a variety of services, including a completely developed K-12 curriculum that is mapped and aligned with the Pennsylvania Academic Standards (available online), shared services, a group purchasing program and a wide variety of special education and special needs services. The Intermediate Unit is governed by a Board of Directors that are a member of each local school board from the iu's school districts. Board members are elected by school directors of each school district for three-year terms that begin July 1. There are 29 intermediate units in Pennsylvania. They are funded by school districts, state and federal program specific funding and grants. IUs do not have the power to tax.

</doc>
<doc id="9717534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717534" title="My Posse">
My Posse

My Posse was the only release by rap group C.I.A. (Cru' in Action!). The record has received more than one pressing by record companies Macola and Kru-Cut. Lonzo Williams was credited for executive production of the 12" single. Personnel include Dr. Dre as producer and turntablist, as well as Ice Cube as writer and rapper. The single was recorded in 1986 and released in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9717535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717535" title="Appraisal Institute">
Appraisal Institute

The Appraisal Institute (AI), headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, is an international association of professional real estate appraisers. It was founded in January 1991 when the American Institute of Real Estate Appraisers (AIREA) and the Society of Real Estate Appraisers merged. The AIREA and the Society were respectively founded in 1932 and 1935. As of February 2007, it has more than 21,000 members and 99 chapters throughout the United States, Canada and overseas. 

</doc>
<doc id="9717551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717551" title="New York Underground Comedy Festival">
New York Underground Comedy Festival

The New York Underground Comedy Festival is a comedy festival. 
Founded in 2003 with 3 shows in 3 nights at the Laurie Beechman Theatre, the festival has grown to 10 days and 300+ shows making it the largest comedy festival in New York. 
The NYUCF has had many notable acts perform in previous festivals, including Freddie Roman, Jim Gaffigan, Judy Gold, Charlie Moreno, Rick Overton, Dom Irrera, Colin Quinn, Bill Burr, Nick DiPaolo, Rob Bartlett, Jim Norton, Rich Vos and Eddie Brill.
The festival has raised over $100,000 for charities.
South African show 2007.
In the spirit of the new age of the internet, Acappella Productions, the New York Underground Comedy Festival promoter of South Africa, launched a revolutionary USA-wide video audition in August 2007, encouraging comics to submit one video with their best stand-up material to be judged by a local panel of experts.
Other comedians on the SA lineup for 2007 are:

</doc>
<doc id="9717562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717562" title="Buccinator lymph node">
Buccinator lymph node

The buccinator lymph node or nodes are one or more lymph nodes placed on the Buccinator opposite the angle of the mouth.

</doc>
<doc id="9717569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717569" title="Killings">
Killings

"Killings" is a short tale written by Andre Dubus in 1979. In 2001, the story was adapted into Todd Field's film, "In the Bedroom". The film starred Sissy Spacek, Tom Wilkinson, and Marisa Tomei, and was nominated for five Academy Awards – Best Picture, Actor in a Leading Role (Wilkinson), Actress in a Leading Role (Spacek), Actress in a Supporting Role (Tomei), and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material Previously Published (Robert Festinger & Field). "In the Bedroom" is the name of the book in which the short story was published.
The work deals with the emotional struggle that the main character, Matt Fowler, encounters as he is forced to confront the killer of his son.

</doc>
<doc id="9717576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717576" title="Dovecote Novices' Hurdle">
Dovecote Novices' Hurdle

The Dovecote Novices' Hurdle is a Grade 2 National Hunt hurdle race in Great Britain which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Kempton Park over a distance of about 2 miles (3,219 metres), and during its running there are eight hurdles to be jumped. The race is for novice hurdlers, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late February.
The leading contenders sometimes go on to compete in the Supreme Novices' Hurdle in March. The most recent horse to achieve victory in both events was Flown in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="9717584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717584" title="VietNam (band)">
VietNam (band)

VietNam is a rock band from Brooklyn, New York on Mexican Summer. Since the group's inception it has undergone many personnel changes, with leader Michael Gerner remaining the sole original member and chief songwriter. VietNam released their first EP on Vice Records in 2004, "The Concrete's Always Grayer on the Other Side of the Street" followed by VietNam in 2007 and an A.merican D.ream in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9717600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717600" title="Swedish Figure Skating Championships">
Swedish Figure Skating Championships

The Swedish Figure Skating Championships () are a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of Sweden. 

</doc>
<doc id="9717620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717620" title="MaxMara Art Prize for Women in association with the Whitechapel">
MaxMara Art Prize for Women in association with the Whitechapel

Max Mara Art Prize for Women in collaboration with the Whitechapel Gallery is a biannual Art Prize for British-based female artists organized by the Max Mara fashion house and Whitechapel Gallery in London. 
The Max Mara Art Prize for Women in collaboration with the Whitechapel Gallery is a biannual award established in 2005. It is the only visual art prize for women in the UK and aims to promote and nurture female artists, enabling them to develop their potential with the gift of time and space. The prize is open to UK artists working across any medium who have not previously had a solo survey exhibition. 
The winner is awarded a six month Italian residency which is tailored to fit the artist and their winning proposal for the Prize. During the residency the artist will have the opportunity to realise an ambitious new project which will be presented in major solo exhibitions at the Whitechapel Gallery in London and Collezione Maramotti in Reggio Emilia, Italy.
2005–07 prize.
The first winner of the first Max Mara Art Prize in collaboration with the Whitechapel in 2006 was Margaret Salmon.
The Judging panel was chaired by Iwona Blazwick, and included Jennifer Higgie, Editor, Frieze; Victoria Miro, Gallerist; Turner Prize winning artist, Gillian Wearing; and collector, Anita Zabludowicz.
The other short listed Artists were Anne Hardy, photographer, Donna Huddleston, water-colourist, Rachel Kneebone, sculptor, and Anj Smith, painter.
Margaret Salmon had a show at the Whitechapel Gallery in early 2007 which included the film 'Ninna Nanna' made during her residency.
2007–09 prize.
For the second edition of the prize the 5 short listed artists were: Yasmeen Al Awadi (b. 1978), Georgie Hopton (b. 1967), Melanie Jackson (b. 1968), Lisa Peachey (b. 1973) and Hannah Rickards (b. 1979). On January 2009 at the Italian embassy in London, Hannah Rickards was announced as the winner of the second edition of the prize. Rickards' work, "No, there was no red." results from the 6 month residency in Italy and was showcased at the Whitechapel Gallery from September 5 to September 23, 2009. In October 2009 it was presented in Italy at the Maramotti Collection.
2009–11 prize.
The winner of the third edition was Andrea Büttner. 
The judges included Iwona Blazwick (Chair), artist Fiona Banner, gallerist Alison Jacques, collector Valeria Napoleone and curator Polly Staple. The shortlisted artists included Elizabeth Prize and Becky Beasley.
"Andrea Buttner: The Poverty of Riches" was exhibited at Whitechapel Gallery in April 2011. Andrea Büttner explored unexpected parallels between the ethos of certain religious communities and the making and reception of art. It was inspired by her residency in Italy where she lived alongside orders of nuns, viewed Giotto’s frescoes and studied 20th century works from the Maramotti Collection by artists such as Alberto Burri, Enrico Castellani and Piero Manzoni.
2011–13 prize.
The 2011 winner was French artist Laure Prouvost.
Laure Prouvost was chosen as winner by a panel of four judges chaired by Whitechapel Gallery Director Iwona Blazwick, OBE; artist Lisa Milroy; gallerist Amanda Wilkinson; art collector Muriel Salem and critic Gilda Williams.
Following her residency at British School at Rome and Pistoletto Foundation, Laure Prouvost presented an installation inspired by the aesthetic and sensuous pleasures of Italy."Farfromwords" was shown at Whitechapel Gallery in April 2013 then travelled to Collezione Maramotti, Reggio Emilia. 
Subsequently in December 2013 Laure Prouvost was awarded The Turner Prize. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-25175225
2013–15 prize.
On 23 January 2014 the recipient of the Fifth edition of the Max Mara Art Prize for Women was announced at a reception at the Italian Ambassador's residence in London. 
Glasgow based artist Corin Sworn (b. 1976) was chosen from a distinguished short list including Beatrice Gibson, Melanie Gilligan, Judith Goddard and Philomene Pirecki. 
The judging panel for the fifth Max Mara Art Prize for Women was chaired by Iwona Blazwick and included Pilar Corrias, Director of Pilar Corrias Gallery, London; Candida Gertler, Founder and Director, Outset Contemporary Art Fund; Runa Islam, artist and Lisa Le Feuvre, Writer, Curator and Head of Sculpture Studies, Henry Moore Institute. 
Following her residency in Italy throughout 2014, Corin Sworn will have an exhibition of new work made during this time at Whitechapel Gallery, London which will travel to the Collezione Maramotti in Reggio Emilia, Italy. 
http://www.whitechapelgallery.org/projects/prizes

</doc>
<doc id="9717637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717637" title="Myomesin">
Myomesin

Myomesin is an end line protein that is part of the M line. It is a protein found in the M-band of muscle sarcomeres in association with M-protein. It is found in both slow and fast muscle fibers while M-protein is only found in fast fibers. These proteins are thought to be involved in anchoring the thick filaments of the sarcomere (myosin) to other filaments, namely titin, stabilizing and aligning the structure. It may function as a molecular spring that protects the sarcomere and keeps it stable during intense or sustained stretching. While its specific function is still not completely understood, it has been shown that it is closely associated with myosin as it is present in all skeletal and cardiac muscle from the earliest stages of muscle tissue formation.
In Humans, myomesin is encoded by the genes MYOM1 and MYOM2.

</doc>
<doc id="9717663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717663" title="Bob Hicok">
Bob Hicok

Bob Hicok (born 1960 Grand Ledge, Michigan) is an American poet.
Life.
Hicok is an associate professor of creative writing at Virginia Tech. He is from Michigan and before teaching owned and ran a successful automotive die design business. He formerly taught at Western Michigan University.
His first book, "The Legend of Light", was published by the University of Wisconsin Press and chosen as an American Library Association Booklist Notable Book of the Year. "Plus Shipping" followed in 1998. His 2001 "Animal Soul" was a finalist for the National Book Critics Circle Award. He has since published four more books, "
"Insomnia Diary" (2004) "This Clumsy Living" (2007) and "Words for Empty and Words for Full" (2010) with University of Pittsburgh Press. His latest work, "Elegy Owed" (2013) was published by Copper Canyon Press.
His poems have appeared in "The Southern Review", "The New Yorker"," Poetry Magazine", "The Paris Review" and "The American Poetry Review", as well as in eight volumes of "The Best American Poetry" and six times in the Pushcart Prize anthology.

</doc>
<doc id="9717668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717668" title="Sophia Churney">
Sophia Churney

Sophia Churney is an English singer-songwriter and musician, best known for her work with the band Ooberman, as well as their side acts Symphonika, The Magic Theatre and Ooberon. Her brother was the late musical performer Russell Churney.
She spent some time as a Psychology teacher at West Kirby Grammar School on the Wirral, leaving in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9717677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717677" title="Pa Bon District">
Pa Bon District

Pa Bon () is a district ("Amphoe") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Tamot, Bang Kaeo and Pak Phayun of Phatthalung Province, Rattaphum of Songkhla Province, Khuan Kalong of Satun Province and Palian of Trang Province.
History.
The minor district was established on May 1, 1983, when the three "tambon" Pa Bon, Nong Thong and Khok Sai were split off from Pak Phayun district. It was upgraded to a full district on May 21, 1990.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 5 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 48 villages ("muban"). Pa Bon is a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of the "tambon" Pa Bon, Nong Thong and Wang Mai. There are further 5 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
Geocode 5 is not used.

</doc>
<doc id="9717699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717699" title="Jesse McKinley">
Jesse McKinley

Jesse Underwood McKinley (born 1970) is an American journalist who is a reporter for "The New York Times" in Albany, NY. Previously he was the San Francisco bureau chief for the paper and an arts reporter, covering Broadway and theater, also at the "Times".
Personal.
McKinley is a son of James C. McKinley and Mary Ann McKinley. James C. McKinley, Jr., one of his brothers, is a courts reporter for the Metro desk of the "Times".
Career.
In 1993, Mckinley began working for the New York Times City section. Until 1996, he handled the F.Y.I column where readers would ask local trivia questions and McKinley would answer them. In 1998, The New York Times assigned him to working on the theater beat where he worked for 8 years establishing himself credibility and a strong reputation specifically in the New York City theater scene. McKinley was then offered, by The New York Times, a full-time position as bureau chief in San Francisco in 2006. In 2011, he worked as a features writer for the paper, and in 2013, began working in the Albany bureau.

</doc>
<doc id="9717707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717707" title="North American Roller Hockey Championships">
North American Roller Hockey Championships

The North American Roller Hockey Championships (NARCh) is a company which operates inline hockey tournaments of independent clubs, in Canada and the United States. Headquartered in Encinitas, California, NARCh is widely considered to be the premier inline hockey tournament series in the world.
The company was founded in 1994 by Paul Chapey and Jeff Mason. The inaugural NARCh Finals was held in 1994 at the All American Sports Mall in St. Louis, Missouri, and featured 39 teams. In 2002, Chapey and Mason sold their interest in the company to Daryn Goodwin.
NARCh draws many highly skilled players and teams from all over world. The annual division champions are widely accepted as being the best inline hockey teams in the world.
Game.
Each North American Roller Hockey Championships regulation game is played between two teams and is played in two periods. Generally, regional qualifying tournaments are composed of two 17-minute running time periods, championship events are composed of two 12-minute stopped time periods. Pro Division games are composed of two 15-minute stopped time periods. In the event that the game is tied or within a "one-goal" differential in the last two minutes of the game, the game goes to a "stopped clock" scenario until the goal differential is two or more. All games have an intermission of one-minute between periods.
At the end of the regulation time, the team with the most goals wins the game. If a game is tied after regulation time, and no winner needs to be determined, the game shall be called a tie, and each team shall be credited with one point in the standings. If the tournament format calls for a winner, overtime ensues. Overtime is a five-minute sudden-death period, in which the first team to score a goal wins the game. If the game is still tied at the end of overtime, the game enters a shootout. Four players for each team in turn take a penalty shot. The team with the most goals during the four-round shootout wins the game. If the game is still tied after the four shootout rounds, the shootout continues but becomes sudden death. Whichever team ultimately wins the shootout is awarded a goal in the game score and thus awarded two points in the standings. The losing team in overtime or shootout is awarded only one. Shootout goals and saves are not tracked in hockey statistics; shootout statistics are tracked separately.
In some tournament formats, the overtime period may be eliminated and the shootout will occur immediately following the end of the second period. If a tournament format calls for unlimited overtime periods, the length of each period shall be consistent with the time of each period during the game. The game terminates upon the scoring of a goal and the team scoring the goal shall be declared the winner. If no team scores during the overtime period, the teams continue with this format until one team scores.
Inline hockey rink.
North American Roller Hockey Championships games are played on a rectangular inline hockey rink with rounded corners surrounded by walls and Plexiglas. The dimensions of the rink surface may vary between 70 to 90 feet in width and 160 to 210 feet in length. The center line divides the floor in half, which divides the rink into two attacking zones. Near the end of both ends of the rink, there is a thin red "goal line" spanning the width of the floor, which is used to judge goals.
Rules.
While the North American Roller Hockey Championships follows the general rules of inline hockey, it differs slightly from those used in international games organized by the Fédération Internationale de Roller Sports (FIRS) such as the World Championships. Infractions of the rules can lead to either the stoppage of play, or a penalty call for more serious infractions.
Season structure.
The North American Roller Hockey Championships season is divided into East Coast and West Coast Winternationals (January or February), regional qualifying tournaments (from mid March through mid June) and the NARCh Finals (July).
Competitions.
Winternationals.
The Winternationals are tournaments held annually in January and February. They are not qualifiers for the NARCh Finals, but are entirely separate tournaments. From 2008–2010, the tournament was split up into two events: the East Coast Winternationals and the West Coast Winternationals. In 2011, the Winternationals returned to their traditional one-tournament format. In 2012, the Winternationals once again were split into two events.
Regionals.
The Regionals are held March through June annually across North America. They act as qualifiers to the NARCh Finals. The cities the regionals are currently being held in are:
Finals.
The NARCh Finals are held annually in July and are NARCh's largest event. The winner of the Finals is awarded the NARCh Cup.
Divisions.
The divisions ("age range") and subdivisions ("tiers of play within division") for NARCh tournaments are listed below.
NARCh Pro.
NARCh Pro is a division of NARCh in which professional teams compete for cash prizes and the NARCh Cup. As of the 2010 NARCh Finals, the cash prizes are $15,000 for the winning team and $5,000 for the runner-up. The current teams as of the 2011 NARCh Finals are:
NHL players.
The following is a list of former NARCh players who are also current or former National Hockey League (NHL) players.

</doc>
<doc id="9717715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717715" title="Cam out">
Cam out

To cam out (or cam-out) is a process by which a screwdriver slips out of the head of a screw being driven once the torque required to turn the screw exceeds a certain amount.
Frequently camming out damages the screw, and possibly also the screwdriver, and should normally be avoided. The Phillips head screw and screwdriver combination was designed specifically to cam out, as at the time of its invention torque-sensing automatic screwdrivers did not exist. The Phillips design is auto-centering, that is, the screw does not slip off the screwdriver, unlike a normal slotted-head screws (sometimes referred to as "flat-head screws"), but cams out once the screw has been driven home. These properties were used to speed up automobile production in the USA in the early years of the industry.
In recent years, automated manufacturing insertion tools can now precisely sense fastener torque. Consequently, it is typical for computer parts, automobiles, and other highly engineered products, to be assembled with Torx or Pozidriv head screws, which have been specifically designed not to cam out.

</doc>
<doc id="9717748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717748" title="Cathedral (short story)">
Cathedral (short story)

"Cathedral" is a short story written by American writer and poet Raymond Carver. It is the title story of a collection published in 1983: Cathedral.
Plot summary.
“Cathedral” opens with the narrator telling the reader in a conversational tone that a blind friend of his wife’s is coming to visit them. The narrator is clearly unhappy about the upcoming visit. He then flashes back to the story of how his wife met the blind man when she worked for him as a reader. At the time, she was engaged to marry an officer in the Air Force. When she tells the blind man goodbye, he asks if he can touch her face. The touch of his fingers on her face is a pivotal moment in her life, something the narrator does not understand.
Although his wife has maintained contact with the blind man for ten years, this will be the first time she has seen him since her marriage, subsequent divorce, and remarriage. Robert, the blind man, has just lost his wife and will be traveling to Connecticut to visit with her family. Along the way he will spend the night at the home of the narrator and his wife. His wife tells the narrator that Robert and his wife, Beulah, were inseparable. The narrator further denigrates the blind man by considering how dreadful it must have been for Beulah not to have been seen by the man she loved.
When Robert arrives, he visits with the narrator’s wife; the narrator observes them, but only occasionally joins in on the conversation. They all drink heavily and eat a large dinner, complete with strawberry pie. After dinner, they drink more, and the narrator continues to observe. Finally deciding that the blind man is “beginning to run down,” the narrator turns on the television set, much to his wife’s dismay. She leaves the room to get on a robe, and Robert and the narrator share marijuana, again much to his wife’s dismay.
The narrator’s wife falls asleep and the narrator is left with Robert and the television. The narrator attempts to describe what he sees on the television; however, when a cathedral appears in a documentary, the narrator is unable to find the words to describe it.
Robert asks the narrator to get some paper and a pen so that they can draw a cathedral together. The narrator does as he is asked. When he returns, he gives the paper to Robert who feels the size of the paper. Then Robert places his hand on the hand of the narrator that holds the pen. “‘Go ahead, bub, draw, “he said. ‘Draw. You’ll see. I’ll follow along with you. It’ll be okay. Just begin now like I’m telling you.’”
The drawing goes on and on. Finally, Robert tells the narrator to close his eyes, and continue to draw. At this moment, something strange happens to the narrator. “It was like nothing else in my life up to now,” he tells the reader. Even when Robert tells him to open his eyes, he keeps them closed. Something has happened to him that has changed his understanding of life. “My eyes were still closed. I was in my house. I knew that. But I didn’t feel like I was inside anything.” No longer hostile to Robert, no longer aware of Robert’s blindness, the narrator experiences the possibility of change in his life.
Recognition.
The short story "Cathedral" was included in Best American Short Stories, 1982. It is the final story in Carver's collection "Cathedral" (1983). With its publication Carver finally received the critical praise he had longed for. "Cathedral" is generally considered to be one of Carver's finest works displaying both his expertise in crafting a minimalist story and also writing about a catharsis with such simple story lines.

</doc>
<doc id="9717752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717752" title="Peeter Allik">
Peeter Allik

Peeter Allik (born June 28, 1966 in Põltsamaa) is an Estonian artist. Surrealist (black and white dactiloscopic tendency).
Graduated from Tartu University.
In 1997 became the first laureate of Ado Wabbe Prize.
In 2002 won the Gran Pri on VIII International Biennale of the Baltic States in Kaliningrad.

</doc>
<doc id="9717761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717761" title="Count Yourself In">
Count Yourself In

Count Yourself In is the debut album by the pop punk band Ten Second Epic. It was released October 10, 2006. There were music videos released for "Suck It Up, Princess", "Count Yourself In", and "Old Habits Die Hard" and they have received notable airplay on Much Music. The "Old Habits Die Hard" video even made the MuchMusic Countdown, debuting on June 29, 2007. The songs "Suck It Up Princess" and "Boys Will Be Boys" were later released on "The Virtual EP" in 2008 as "redux" versions.

</doc>
<doc id="9717783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717783" title="Pasco Intermodal Train Station">
Pasco Intermodal Train Station

Pasco Intermodal Train Station is a station stop for the Amtrak "Empire Builder" located in Pasco, Washington, USA. The station stop serves the Tri-Cities of Richland, Pasco, and Kennewick. The station and parking are owned by the City of Pasco. The track and platforms are owned by BNSF Railway. Greyhound Lines provides inter-city bus transport at the station. Pasco is also a change point for Amtrak engineers on the Empire Builder.

</doc>
<doc id="9717816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717816" title="James C. McKinley, Jr.">
James C. McKinley, Jr.

James Courtright McKinley, Jr. is an American journalist for "The New York Times," a position he has held since 1989.
Personal.
McKinley (born May 8, 1962) is a son of James C. McKinley, a retired professor and former editor of "New Letters" magazine, and Mary Ann McKinley. 
Jesse McKinley, one of McKinley's brothers, is also a reporter for the "Times". His sister, Molly McKinley, is a video and television editor in Santa Fe, New Mexico. His youngest brother, Gabriel, is a playwright and comedian in New York. His wife is Stephanie Smothers; he has two children, Miles, and Phoebe.
McKinley is a 1984 graduate of Cornell University. He began his career in journalism while still in college, working for local radio stations in Ithaca and stringing for the The Syracuse Post Standard. In late 1986, he started at The New York Times as a copyboy, eventually earning a spot on the staff. He covered the police department, city hall and Federal courts in Manhattan, before being named the Nairobi Bureau chief in 1995. In Nairobi, he covered the return of Rwandan refugees after the genocide, the fall of Mobutu and the rise of Laurent Kabila in the former Zaire. 
He returned to New York in 1999, working as an investigative journalist in the Sports Department then as a political reporter in Albany. In 2004, he was named Mexico City Bureau chief, a position he held until 2008, when he was transferred to Houston. Three years later, he was hired as the Times pop music reporter and returned again to New York City. 
On March 8, 2011, The New York Times published an article by McKinley on the rape of an eleven-year-old girl in the East Texas town of Cleveland. The story prompted outrage not only because of the crime involved - a gang rape perpetrated by 18 boys and men - but also because of how McKinley framed the piece. That framing included relying heavily on quotes from individuals who blamed the victim, scant attention to reporting details on the boys and men involved, and an overemphasis on the impoverished environment where the assault occurred.
On March 11, 2011, The New York Times' public editor Artur R. Brisbane wrote that he found that the outrage was understandable. He found that the piece lacked critical balance by relying heavily on quotes from individuals who expressed concern for the perpetrators, as well as detailing the victim's appearance. McKinley and The New York Times, Brisbane determined, created an impression that the victim "had it coming". Brisbane never interviewed McKinley, nor his editors, before writing his column.
On March 29, 2011, the times published a second article by McKinley and Erica Goode that delved more deeply into the criminal backgrounds of many of the alleged rapists as well as the family of the victim. The second article left no doubt the girl was the victim of a horrendous crime.

</doc>
<doc id="9717820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717820" title="Gerardo Reyero">
Gerardo Reyero

Gerardo Reyero (born October 2, 1965 in Puebla, Mexico) is a Mexican voice actor. He is best known as the Spanish-dubbed voice of Benjamin Franklin "Hawkeye" Pierce in the "M*A*S*H" franchise. His specialty is serious older men and villains, though he occasionally plays lighter roles too.

</doc>
<doc id="9717877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717877" title="Submandibular lymph nodes">
Submandibular lymph nodes

The submandibular lymph nodes (submaxillary glands in older texts), three to six in number, are placed beneath the body of the mandible in the submaxillary triangle, and rest on the superficial surface of the submandibular gland. 
One gland, the "middle gland of Stahr", which lies on the external maxillary artery as it turns over the mandible, is the most constant of the series; small lymph glands are sometimes found on the deep surface of the submandibular gland. 
The "afferents" of the submandibular glands drain the medial palpebral commissure, the cheek, the side of the nose, the upper lip, the lateral part of the lower lip, the gums, and the anterior part of the margin of the tongue.
"Efferent" vessels from the facial and submental glands also enter the submaxillary glands. Their efferent vessels pass to the superior deep cervical glands.

</doc>
<doc id="9717882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717882" title="Steve Flett">
Steve Flett

Steve Flett is a singer, songwriter and musician best known for his work with the band Ooberman. He is also a member of Ooberon, and has released solo material under the name Phantom 309. He is Ooberman guitarist Andy Flett's brother.
Career.
Ooberman.
Steve became the third member of the band that was to become Ooberman, joining the partnership of his brother Andy and Dan Popplewell. He has contributed to every Ooberman record to date, and is the only bassist credited on any of the band's releases.
Phantom 309.
Steve has released two EPs under the Phantom 309 name - "Different Places" and "Tokyo Rose". The former features two tracks which also turned up in the Ooberman catalogue - "Fly Around The World", which features vocals by Ooberman vocalist Sophia Churney and was released as a b-side to Beany Bean, and "Kill The Rabbit", which was featured in the e-single ZIP file of Heavy Duty. The latter was a radical remix of "Honeydew", a track from Ooberman's Shorley Wall EP. Other released remixes for the band have included "Beeswax" (a reworking of "Bees"), "Stevetrooper" (originally "Stormtrooper"), and the "Pierced Teen Indie Club Mix" of "Running Girl".
Ooberon.
Ooberon was a joint venture between Steve and Andy Flett, following Ooberman's 2003 dissolution. Their album was eventually released in 2007, some months after the band's first post-reformation album "Carried Away".
Other work.
Steve played bass on a world tour with Echo & the Bunnymen in the early 2000s, and features on their Live in Liverpool album. He also toured with an incarnation of Pete Wylie's Wah.

</doc>
<doc id="9717888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717888" title="Filip Stiller">
Filip Stiller

Filip Stiller (born 1 June 1982 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish figure skater who competed in men's singles. He is a three-time Swedish national champion.

</doc>
<doc id="9717906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717906" title="The Concrete's Always Grayer on the Other Side of the Street">
The Concrete's Always Grayer on the Other Side of the Street

The Concrete's Always Grayer on the Other Side of the Street is the first EP released by VietNam in 2004 on Vice Records. Features 5 songs recorded in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9717911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717911" title="Black Orchids">
Black Orchids

Black Orchids is a Nero Wolfe double mystery by Rex Stout published in 1942 by Farrar & Rinehart, Inc. Stout's first short story collection, the volume is composed of two novellas that had appeared in abridged form in "The American Magazine":

</doc>
<doc id="9717927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717927" title="Simmonds Spartan">
Simmonds Spartan

The Simmonds Spartan is a 1920s British two-seat biplane trainer/tourer aircraft built by Simmonds Aircraft Limited.
History.
Not happy with the high cost of manufacturing light aircraft, O.E. Simmonds designed and built a wooden two-seat biplane in 1928. To reduce maintenance costs all four wings and ailerons were the same; this allowed one spare wing to be used in any position. Powered by a Cirrus III, the prototype G-EBYU first flew in time to enter the King's Cup Air Race of 1928. The aircraft was flown to the Berlin Aero Show on 24 October 1928, a non-stop flight of 7 hours and 10 minutes.
Production began at Woolston, Hampshire, with the final assembly and test flying at Hamble Aerodrome. Forty-nine aircraft were built, many for export, with New Zealand customers buying the most. At home 12 were delivered to the National Flying Services for use as trainers. Three aircraft were operated on floats in Fiji. Although not as famous as other aircraft of the period, one aircraft was ski-equipped and was notable for covering more than 45,000 miles over Norwegian mountain ranges. Three aircraft were built as three-seaters, with two passengers in tandem in front of the pilot; these were mainly used for pleasure flying.
Due to the success of the Spartan, the company renamed itself Spartan Aircraft Limited and developed the design into the two-seater Spartan Arrow and the three-seater Spartan Three Seater.
Operators.
The aircraft was operated by flying clubs and private individuals:

</doc>
<doc id="9717953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717953" title="Liliana Santos">
Liliana Santos

Liliana Santos (born September 22, 1980) is a Portuguese actress and model.
Career.
As a model she has been cover girl for several men's magazines, such as the Portuguese editions of Maxim and GQ.
As an actress she participated in "Queridas Feras" (2004), "Maré Alta" (2004), "Morangos com Açúcar" (2004), "Inspector Max" (2004), "Ninguém Como Tu" (2005), "Câmara Café" (2006), "Floribella" (2006), "Chiquititas" (2007), "Resistiré" (2008) and "Podia Acabar o Mundo" (2008).
Later she was one of the hosts of Portuguese music show "TOP +" and a reporter for "Factor M", a talk show hosted by Merche Romero, both in RTP.
She starred as "Raquel" in the philosophical drama "Second Life" (2009), from director Miguel Gaudêncio.

</doc>
<doc id="9717964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717964" title="Attack of the Killer Tomatoes (1991 video game)">
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes (1991 video game)

Attack of the Killer Tomatoes is a 2D platform video game developed by Imagineering and released in 1991 for the NES. It was later ported to the Game Boy in 1992. The Game Boy version was the only version released in Japan, where it was published by Altron in 1993, though the name was shortened to "Killer Tomato". <br>
The game is based on the children's cartoon "", which itself was based on the movie franchise "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". A prior 8-bit version was released for the Amstrad CPC, MSX, and ZX Spectrum by Global Software (1986).
Gameplay.
The game's protagonist is Chad Finletter, a young boy is on a quest to stop the evil scientist Dr. Putrid T. Gangreen from unleashing his Doomsday Tomato. During his journey he must fight through legions of mutant tomatoes, although this is a feat he will take on alone as the citizens of San Zucchini are too afraid of the mutant tomatoes to aid him. <br>
Much like other platform games of its time, the main method of killing the enemies is to jump on them, in this case squashing them, or breaking them into smaller tomato enemies. There are several bosses to take on including Zoltan, Beefstake, Mummato, Fang, Ketchuck and Tomacho.

</doc>
<doc id="9717980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9717980" title="23 (disambiguation)">
23 (disambiguation)

23 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9718000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718000" title="Si Banphot District">
Si Banphot District

Si Banphot () is a district ("Amphoe") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand. It may also be spelled Sri Banphot.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Pa Phayom, Khuan Khanun and Srinagarindra of Phatthalung Province, Na Yong, Mueang Trang and Huai Yot of Trang Province.
History.
The minor district was established on December 1, 1977, when three "tambon" were split off from Khuan Khanun district. It was upgraded to a full district on November 4, 1993.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 3 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 30 villages ("muban"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas, and 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9718009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718009" title="She's a Woman (And Now He Is a Man)">
She's a Woman (And Now He Is a Man)

"She's A Woman (And Now He Is A Man)" is a song by Hüsker Dü from their album "". The song was released to radio as a promotional single in 1987 and was written and sung by Grant Hart. 
"She's a Woman (And Now He Is a Man)" was performed by the band on "The Late Show" with Joan Rivers along with "Could You Be the One?."
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
References.
Hüsker Dü annotated discography

</doc>
<doc id="9718019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718019" title="Laurent Tobel">
Laurent Tobel

Laurent Tobel (born 24 June 1975) is a French figure skater. He is the 1999 French national champion. In the same season, Tobel placed fifth at the European Championships and achieved his career-best World Championships result, eighth. After retiring from competition, he became involved in shows.

</doc>
<doc id="9718049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718049" title="Deep parotid lymph nodes">
Deep parotid lymph nodes

The deep parotid lymph nodes are lymph nodes found below the parotid gland.
The "afferents" of the subparotid glands drain the nasal part of the pharynx and the posterior parts of the nasal cavities.
Their "efferents" pass to the superior deep cervical glands.

</doc>
<doc id="9718090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718090" title="Bangin' on Wax 2... The Saga Continues">
Bangin' on Wax 2... The Saga Continues

"Bangin' on Wax 2... The Saga Continues" is the second and last album by the Bloods & Crips. Music videos were made for G's & Locs and Wish You Were Here.

</doc>
<doc id="9718103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718103" title="Schuylkill Transportation System">
Schuylkill Transportation System

Schuylkill Transportation System or STS is a public transportation service located in Pottsville, Pennsylvania. It provides inter-city bus and paratransit service to select communities within Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania.
The system was created by the Schuylkill County Board of Commissioners, replacing service on the recently defunct service at the time of the East Penn Transportation Company.
Route list.
Most routes operate on a hub and spoke system out of Pottsville, with a secondary hub located in Shenandoah. Many services operate Monday through Friday, however, less operate Saturdays, with no service on Sundays and major holidays.
Fares.
STS implemented a base fare, paid upon boarding the bus. The base fare may vary, with an full fare for adults, and a reduced fare for children between the age of nine and twelve. Children under eight years of age, and senior aged adults over the age of sixty-five are eligible to ride for free, with senior fares subsidized by the Pennsylvania State Lottery Program.
In addition, passengers are eligible to transfer between buses for a reduced fee compared to the base fare.
Bus Fleet.
The STS fleet operates with Gillig brand buses in their Phantom and BRT series models for conventional transit service, with smaller cutaway vans used in their lower patronized service, and ADA accessible paratransit service.
Connections to other agencies.
STS services connect with Hazleton Public Transit services in McAdoo.
STS service also connects with Lower Anthracite Transportation System service at Ashland on their Route 1 service.
Additionally, long distance bus service connections are available to Susquehanna Trailways bus service in Shenandoah, Frackville, Mahanoy City and Hometown; and to Fullington Trailways bus service in Pottsville.

</doc>
<doc id="9718108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718108" title="Koo Kien Keat">
Koo Kien Keat

Koo Kien Keat (born September 18, 1985 in Ipoh, Perak) is a professional badminton player from Malaysia. Besides being a men's doubles player, he has also represented Malaysia in the mixed doubles event. He started his career at 17 years of age and is a former Asian Junior champion. He played in the 2004 Thomas Cup with Chan Chong Ming, and together, they won the bronze medal in the 2005 World Championships. His most recent official doubles partner was Tan Boon Heong, and the two won the bronze and silver medal at the 2009 and 2010 World Championships. Koo and Tan were last ranked No.1 worldwide in 2010.
Due to early round exits in 2013 and a four-year title drought, Koo parted with the Badminton Association of Malaysia and became a dual trainer and player for the Granular Club of Thailand as of 2014. However, in June, BAM confirmed that Koo will be joining Tan one more last time for the 2014 World Championships in August.
Education.
He began his studies at St. Michael's Institution in Ipoh, Perak. Later, he received an offer to go to Bukit Jalil Sports School, where he completed his secondary school studies and sat for the SPM (Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia) examination.
Style of play.
Koo Kien Keat moves very fast around the net areas and is adventurous with deceptive shots. He also reacts very well on fast flat exchanges. A favourite formation is when he is on the front court and his partner, the main smasher, attacks from the rear of the court with powerful, left-handed smashes.
Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong are an explosive and dynamic pair in their game style. 
In 2010, they won their first title of the year in their home, Malaysia, as the world number 1 pair. They came in seeded number 1 in the All England but lost in the first round to Denmark former world champions Lars Paaske and Jonas Ramussen. 
In the 2010 BWF World Championships they beat the young Chinese pair of Chai Biao & Zhang Nan in the quarter-finals and later their arch rivals, the South Koreans Jung Jae Sung and Lee Yong Dae, in 3 sets to reach the semi-finals. After that, they beat another Chinese pair of Guo Zhen Dong & Xu Chen to reach their first ever finals in world championship. The only other Malaysian pair to reach that far before them were Yap Kim Hock and Cheah Soon Kit.

</doc>
<doc id="9718109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718109" title="VietNam (album)">
VietNam (album)

VietNam is the full length debut of VietNam, released in January 2007. Mickey Madden and Jesse Carmichael of Maroon 5 helped record this album, with Madden serving as one of the executive producers. Jenny Lewis from Rilo Kiley also makes an appearance on the album.
Personnel.
Taken from album booklet:
Lead musicians: Michael Gerner, Joshua Grubb, Ivan Berko, Michael Foss<br>
Additional musicians: Paz Lenchantin, Ana Lenchantin, Paloma Udovic, Dave Scher, Mickey Madden, Jesse Carmichael, Casey Brown, Jason Lader, Cross Roads Girl Choir, Jenny Lewis, Liam Philpot, Slim Zwerling<br>
Produced by: Dave Scher, Jason Lader, Mickey Madden<br>
Engineered by: Jason Lader<br>
Assistance-Engineered by: Paul Figueroa, Kevin Dean, Eric Palaba<br>
Studio Assistance: Josh Smith<br>
Recorded at: Sound City Studios, July–August 2005 and The Sound Factory, August 2005<br>
Mixed by: Jason Lader at Sunset Sound, May 2006<br>
Mastered by: Rick Essig<br>
Photo by: Jennifer Tzar<br>
Cover by: Vincent Perini, David Black<br>
Published by Freedom School Publishing (ASCAP), Billy Josh (ASCAP), Farm Road 149 (ASCAP), Lactaid (ASCAP)<br>
Management by: Casey Brown<br>
Legal Representation by: Richard Grabel for Davis, Shapiro, Lewit, Hayes<br>
<br>
All songs are written by: Michael Gerner and Joshua Grubb<br>
All songs are arranged by: Michael Gerner, Joshua Grubb, Ivan Berko, Michael Foss

</doc>
<doc id="9718116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718116" title="Cary Blanchard">
Cary Blanchard

Robert Cary Blanchard (born November 5, 1968 in Ft. Worth, Texas) is a former American football placekicker in the National Football League. He played eight years for five teams, the New York Jets for his first two years, the Indianapolis Colts after taking 1994 off, the Washington Redskins in 1998, the New York Giants in 1999, and he played his final season for the Arizona Cardinals.
He graduated from L. D. Bell High School in Hurst, Texas in 1987. He then played college football at Oklahoma State University.

</doc>
<doc id="9718120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718120" title="Agios Georgios Nileias">
Agios Georgios Nileias

Agios Georgios Nileias () is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Milies, Magnesia, Greece. It is situated on the slopes of mount Pelion, at about 700 m elevation. Its population in 2001 was 179 for the village, and 1,092 for the community. Agios Georgios Nileias is 1.5 km east of Agios Vlasios, 3 km northwest of Pinakates, 6 km northwest of Milies and 13 km east of Volos. Agios Georgios Nileias has a municipal museum with works of the sculptor Nikolaos Pavlopoulos. 
Subdivisions.
The community Agios Georgios Nileias consists of the following villages:
History.
According to tradition, the village was founded by shepherds who found an icon in a bush. Its inhabitants lived in the village in the summer and in the winter they moved to villages at lower elevations, such as Agia Triada, Ano Gatzea and Kato Gatzea. The village revolted during the Greek War of Independence of 1821, but the revolt was suppressed by the Ottoman Pasha Dramali and the village was burnt. Agios Georgios joined the rest of Greece in 1881. The village became a part of the municipality of Nileia (named after the ancient city Nelia, located close to modern Volos), which was dissolved in 1914. Agios Georgios Nileias was an independent community from 1914 until 1998, when it became part of the municipality Milies.

</doc>
<doc id="9718139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718139" title="LA Pama Cyclones">
LA Pama Cyclones

The LA Pama Cyclones are a professional roller hockey team. The Cyclones have won 5 NARCh Pro Championships: at 2006 WinterNationals, 2006 Finals, 2007 WinterNationals, 2008 West Coast WinterNationals, 2009 East Coast Winternationals, and 2010 East and West Coast WinterNationals.
The Team.
The Cyclones scoring attack is led by Gerry Osterkamp and the brothers Juaquin Chavira and Itan Chavira. They have recently added ( Revision) (Kevin Adams) to their lineup. These lead players are assisted by the offensive contributions of veteran NARCh Pro player Christian Skoryna and the young Patrick Gallagher.Defensively, Pama is led by two of the premier young defensemen in the game, Aman Kler and Zach Walthers. Along with their young talent, the Cyclones' defense includes veteran player/coach Rob Chornomud, team owner's son Michael Nijjar, and exceptional two-way player Josh Milewski.Pama has always had the help of exceptional goaltending, as their goalies have won the Top Goalie award every time the Cyclones have won NARCh Pro. Pama's regular starting goalie is the most dominant goaltender in professional roller hockey history, Rob Laurie. Laurie is backed up by Rob Sudduth, the starting goalie for the Cyclones' Division I team. In Laurie's absence, Pama has had Jeff Reynaert fill his spot.
Championships.
2005 AAU Jr. Olympic Games
2006 NARCh WinterNationals 
2006 NARCh Finals 
2007 TORHS Winter Cup 
2007 NARCh WinterNationals
2008 TORHS Winter Cup
2008 NARCh West Coast WinterNationals
1st Pro Championship.
Pama won their first ever NARCh Pro title at the 2006 WinterNationals in Phoenix, Arizona. The Cyclones lost their first 2 games but rebounded to win their last 2 round robin games and clinch a berth in the Pro Final. In the Championship Game, Pama got scores from their 3 big superstars: Gerry Osterkamp, Itan Chavira, and Juaquin Chavira. Taking a 3-2 lead into the 2nd and final period, Pama blew the game open with 4 goals in 2 minutes. Juaquin Chavira added 2 more goals for the hat trick and Osterkamp added his 2nd of the game as Pama rolled to an 8-4 victory and their first Pro Championship. Cyclones' goaltender Rob Laurie won Top Goalie honors with a .855 save percentage for the tournament.
Game Results.
Round Robin.
LA Pama Cyclones 3, Mission Snipers 4
LA Pama Cyclones 7, Winnipeg Blue Devils 8
LA Pama Cyclones 3, Tour Mudcats 2
LA Pama Cyclones 4, Team Mission 1
Playoffs.
Championship Game: LA Pama Cyclones 8, Tour Mudcats 4
Back-To-Back.
Pama dominated at the 2006 NARCh Finals, going 6-0 for the tournament and outscoring their opponents 28-8. The Cyclones got strong goaltending from starter Jeff Reynaert, who replaced Rob Laurie, and backup Rob Sudduth. The tournament culminated with a Cyclones-Mudcats Championship Game rematch. This one would be much closer than the 8-4 game at WinterNationals. Josh Milewski got the game off to a quick start, scoring on the first shot of the game. That goal would hold up and Pama took a 1-0 lead into the intermission. JP Beilsten, then playing for the Mudcats, tied the game at 1 but Gerry Osterkamp took over from there. Osterkamp put Pama in the lead 2-1 and then, after 2 Mudcat goals made it 3-2 Mudcats, Osterkamp dangled 2 defensemen and scored on a backhand top shelf with 2:18 remaining in the game. That goal would send the game into Overtime where the Mudcats had a potential game-winning goal called off upon further review by the officials. After the controversy, the Mudcats were given a powerplay but failed to score. Once the Cyclones returned to even strength, Osterkamp set up Michael Nijjar on a 2-on-1 for the game winning and championship clinching goal. Cyclones' goaltenders Jeff Reynaert and Rob Sudduth shared Top Goalie honors with an incredible .940 save percentage.
Game Results.
Round Robin.
LA Pama Cyclones 7, Buffalo Wings 9
LA Pama Cyclones 8, Canadian Rockets 3
LA Pama Cyclones 5, Mission Militia 0
LA Pama Cyclones 1, MPH 0
Playoffs.
Semi-Final: LA Pama Cyclones 3, MPH 0
Championship Game: LA Pama Cyclones 4, Tour Mudcats 3 (Overtime)
Three-Peat.
Pama made history at the 2007 NARCh WinterNationals as they won their 3rd straight NARCh Pro title, tying the record for most all-time. LA was playing without star player Itan Chavira, but picked up California superstar Mishka Drury to replace him. They were also led by the play of JP Beilsten, who defected from the Mudcats.The Cyclones earned victories in round robin against Mission Arizona Strike and the Mission Habs. Their 2 toughest games, against rivals Tour Mudcats and Mission Snipers, both ended in 6-6 ties. But Pama's record was good enough to earn them a spot in the Championship Game for yet another rematch against Tour Mudcats. After falling behind 1-0 early on, Beilsten tied it up for Pama and Josh Milewski added a shorthanded marker to give the Cyclones a 2-1 lead at the half. Gerry Osterkamp was clutch again for Pama as he tied the game up at 3 with just under 12 minutes left in the game. But the Mudcats wouldn't let up and they took a 4-3 lead late in the game. It was former Mudcat Beilsten who stole the Pro Championship out from under the Mudcats' noses as he tied the game at 4 with 3:12 remaining. The game went into Overtime and, yet again, the extra time didn't mean good things for the Mudcats. Defensemen Zach Walthers scored the game winner after more than 5 minutes of sudden death play, earning Pama its 3rd Pro Championship and extending their NARCh unbeaten streak to 14 games.
Game Results.
Round Robin.
LA Pama Cyclones 7, Mission Arizona Strike 2
LA Pama Cyclones 6, Tour Mudcats 6
LA Pama Cyclones 6, Mission Snipers 6
LA Pama Cyclones 2, Mission Habs 1
Playoffs.
Championship Game: LA Pama Cyclones 5, Tour Mudcats 4 (Overtime)
Mudcats Rivalry.
Over the years, Pama has built up a rivalry with longtime NARCh Pro team, Tour Mudcats. There have been 18 NARCh Pro Championship games to this date, and the Mudcats have been in a record 12 championship games. They have won 4 of those championship games, also a record. The Cyclones have come to represent the new guard in professional roller hockey as they have slowly taken over the game and the Mudcats are the remnants of the old guard. The Mudcats boast big names including, arguably, the greatest player in the history of the game, CJ Yoder, Brian Yingling, Dan Costanza, Chad Seibel, Brett Leggat, David Hammond and Jami Yoder and have more NARCh Pro championship game appearances than any other team in history. Since 2004, these 2 teams have met 19 times in NARCh, TORHS, and AAU tournaments, with Pama having won 7 of the meetings, Mudcats winning 10, and 2 ending in a tie. The 2 teams split their first 4 games between January 2004 and August 2005. At the 2006 NARCh WinterNationals, the rivalry starting making news as Pama beat the Mudcats to win the Pro title. That summer, the Mudcats got the best of Pama at TORHS Finals but the Cyclones struck back, beating the Mudcats in Overtime at NARCh Finals. This year, the Mudcats won again when the teams met at TORHS, but Pama dominated at NARCh again, and got the last word, beating the Mudcats for a 3rd straight NARCh Pro title. Since then the Cyclones have struggled against the powerful Mudcats, losing the last 7 out of 8 games.
Tour Mudcats vs. LA Pama Cyclones
2004 NARCh WinterNationals - Mudcats 5, Cyclones 2
2005 NARCh Finals - Mudcats 3, Cyclones 1
2005 AAU Jr. Olympic Games - Cyclones 7, Mudcats 4
2005 AAU Jr. Olympic Games (Championship Game) - Cyclones 5, Mudcats 4
2006 NARCh WinterNationals - Cyclones 3, Mudcats 2
2006 NARCh WinterNationals (Championship Game) - Cyclones 8, Mudcats 4
2006 TORHS Finals - Cyclones 3, Mudcats 3
2006 TORHS Finals (Semi-Final) - Mudcats 5, Cyclones 4
2006 NARCh Finals (Championship Game) - Cyclones 4, Mudcats 3 (Overtime)
2007 TORHS Winter Cup (Semi-Final) - Mudcats 4, Cyclones 1
2007 NARCh WinterNationals - Cyclones 6, Mudcats 6
2007 NARCh WinterNationals (Championship Game) - Cyclones 5, Mudcats 4 (OT)
2008 TORHS Winter Cup - Mudcats 3, Cyclones 2
2008 TORHS Winter Cup (Championship Game) - Cyclones 5, Mudcats 1 
2008 NARCh Finals - Mudcats 4, Cyclones 2 
2008 TORHS Winter Trifecta - Mudcats 5, Cyclones 4 
2008 TORHS Winter Trifecta (Championship Game) - Mudcats 9, Cyclones 4 
2009 NARCh WinterNationals - Mudcats 4, Cyclones 3 
2009 NARCh WinterNationals - (Championship Game) - Mudcats 7, Cyclones 1 
2009 TORHS Finals - (Championship Game) - Mudcats 4, Cyclones 3 (OT) 

</doc>
<doc id="9718147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718147" title="SM UB-65">
SM UB-65

SM "UB-65" was a Type UB III U-boat of the Imperial German Navy during World War I. Ordered on 20 May 1916, the U-boat was built at the Vulkan Werke shipyard in Hamburg, launched on 26 June 1917, and commissioned on 18 August 1917, under the command of Kapitänleutnant Martin Schelle.
Service history.
During her active career she sailed on six war patrols, sinking six merchant ships and damaging six more. She also sank the British .
The U-boat was lost off Padstow, Cornwall on or after 14 July 1918 with the loss of all her 37 crew.
Rediscovery.
An expedition mounted in 2004 as part of the Channel 4 "Wreck Detectives" underwater archaeological TV series to survey a previously unidentified U-boat wreck that had been located earlier at 
, during a routine survey by the Royal Navy, confirmed the identity of the boat as "UB-65". Inspection of the wreck by nautical archaeologist Innes McCartney and U-boat historian Dr. Axel Niestlé (through identification of design features such as the type of deck gun, and identification numbers that were stamped on one of her propellers) proved conclusively that the wreck was that of "UB-65". A survey of the wreck showed no obvious indication of weapon attack being the cause of loss (although this could not be ruled out; damage assessment expert David Manley (author) determined that shock damage from a depth charge attack could have caused loss through failure of internal seawater systems and hull penetrations that would not be obvious from an external examination). The aft hatches are open indicating a possible attempt by at least some of the crew to escape from the vessel. Consideration of the various observations of the wreck, along with historical observations regarding depth control and handling difficulties on diving experienced by other boats of the class, led to a conclusion that she was most likely lost through accidental causes on or after 14 July 1918, the date of the sinking of a Portuguese vessel in the Padstow area. All of her crew of 37 were listed as lost. Having been identified as "UB-65" the wreck was given "protected place" status under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986 on 1 November 2006.
Previous beliefs regarding loss.
The identification of the Padstow U-boat wreck corrected the earlier accepted version of "UB-65's" loss. According to official German Naval records the boat was presumed lost following a premature explosion of one of her own torpedoes on 10 July 1918, south of the Irish coast.
According to United States Navy records it was reported that, whilst returning from patrol and near Fastnet Rock, the U.S. submarine observed what the captain(named Forster) first took to be a buoy on the horizon. Moving closer, captain Forster found that it was actually a German submarine, only later to be identified as UB-65. It was listing heavily on the water's surface, seemingly disabled. Forster guided his sub around it, hoping to line up a torpedo shot. But before he could do so, the crippled vessel was torn apart by a huge explosion. The UB-65 rose up on its bows and sank. There were no survivors and no bodies were ever recovered. The sound of small propellers and an underwater signalling device could be heard for a short while after the explosion. The cause of the explosion was not known. 
RECORD ITEM Y1022 ROLL ONI ROLLPG 61825 58 TA-17-D
Admiralstab der Marine, Abt. A, KTB, Band 1, U.B.65 der V.U.Flottille und der II. U. Flottille.
U.B.65 conducted operations in the Irish Sea, the western Hebrides, and St George's Channel.
U.B.65 sank among other vessels an unidentified British armed vessel (probably the sloop ) on 15 December 1917; the Norwegian steamer "Havana" (1,150 t), 5 March 1918; and the British steamer "Pensilva" (4,316 t), 4 May 1918.
U.B.65 departed from Heligoland 2 July 1918, for war operations and was accidentally sunk on 10 July 1918.
National Archives and Records Service, U.S. General Services Administration, Washington: 1984 
Allegations of haunting.
It is the subject of many tales of a ghost, said to be the second officer, Lieutenant Richter, who was killed when a torpedo exploded fairly early in the U-boat's career. Indeed, the building of the ship was plagued by disaster, including of asphyxiation of three crew members by diesel fumes in the engine room and the crushing of two more by a falling girder. While the UB-65 was being tested for seaworthiness, one of the crew members was swept overboard when he was inspecting the hatches. He was never seen again. During the first test dive of the UB-65, a fracture occurred in a ballast tank, causing the submarine to sink to the bottom of the sea. The crew lacked any means of renewing the oxygen in the vessel and after 12 hours the crew finally managed to raise the submarine to the surface of the ocean. These incidents may have given rise to a belief among the crew that the ship was cursed. As no one wanted to board or be stationed on the ship, it is believed that the German Imperial Navy called a priest on board to exorcise the ship. In his book "Tales of Real Haunting", Tony Allan quotes "According to one source, the American officer thought he saw someone on deck just before UB-65 went down. It was a figure in a German officer's overcoat, standing near the bow with folded arms. If this can be believed, Lieutenant Richter may have put in a final appearance".

</doc>
<doc id="9718156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718156" title="List of islands of Washington State by population and area">
List of islands of Washington State by population and area

Population and area of selected islands of Washington state.

</doc>
<doc id="9718167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718167" title="Leslie R. Landrum">
Leslie R. Landrum

Leslie Roger Landrum is an American botanist serving as Senior Research Scientist at Arizona State University School of Life Sciences, and curator of the ASU Vascular Plant Herbarium. He attained M.S. and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Michigan, and has been at Arizona State University since 1986. 
From 1969 to 1973, he worked with the Peace Corps at the Forestry School of the University of Chile, where he gained an interest in the flora of South America, particularly the myrtle family (Myrtaceae). Since then, he has published descriptions of new genera and species within the South American Myrtaceae, devoting particular study to the genus "Psidium" (which includes the commercially important guava). 
Other concentrations include the Chilean species of the widespread genus "Berberis", the usage of computer models in evaluating methods of phylogenetic analysis, and serving on a committee of botanists (including D.J. Pinkava) working on a new manual of the vascular plants of Arizona to replace the aging "Arizona Flora" by Kearney and Peebles (last updated in 1960).
He is on the editorial board of the "Journal of The Arizona-Nevada Academy of Science", and since 2005, he has been the editor of "Canotia: A New Journal of Arizona Botany".
Landum is one of the original scientists to participate in the Ask A Biologist program and the subject of the "Smashing Success" article detailing his work with ASU Vascular Plant Herbarium.

</doc>
<doc id="9718171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718171" title="Idiosepius picteti">
Idiosepius picteti

Idiosepius picteti is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific waters off eastern Indonesia.
"I. picteti" grows to 17 mm in mantle length.
The type specimen was collected near Ambon Island in Indonesia and is deposited at the Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle in Geneva.

</doc>
<doc id="9718189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718189" title="1555 Poydras">
1555 Poydras

1555 Poydras (formerly the Exxon Building), located at 1555 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 22-story, 262 feet (80 m)-tall skyscraper.
Occupants.
The main occupant of the property is the Tulane University School of Medicine. The school has secured the leases to several of the upper floors, and is expected to occupy the majority of these in the coming years. Following Hurricane Katrina, the school has sublet several of these floors to businesses displaced by the storm. On August 26, 2007, a sign saying "Tulane University Health Sciences Center School of Medicine" was installed over the front entrance way.
The school has fully occupied the 10th and 22nd floors, which house the School's Administration and Standardized Patient facilities, respectively. In December 2008, work was completed on the ground floor auditorium. However, most lectures had shifted in 2009 to the recently donated Murphy Building nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="9718198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718198" title="Ralf Weber">
Ralf Weber

Ralf Weber (born 31 May 1969 in Seligenstadt) is a former German professional football midfielder.
Club career.
Ralf Weber started playing football in 1974 at SpVgg Hainstadt before moving to Kickers Offenbach in 1982. He started in the pro squad in 1987 where he appeared in 50 matches. After Offenbach failed to secure a license for the 2. Bundesliga he moved to local rival Eintracht Frankfurt in 1989. On 4 August 1989 he debuted for the "Eagles" away at Hamburger SV. The midfielder appeared in the first tier 182 times and in the second one 32 times for Frankfurt. In 2001 he finally retired after being plagued by lots of injuries. Between 1995 and 1997 he only could play two matches for Eintracht, and missed also all of the 2000–01 season, his final.
Legendary is his freaking out after the last fixture in 1991–92 when Frankfurt lost 1-2 against Hansa Rostock, losing the championship on the finishing line. Raging due to a not given penalty kick by referee Alfons Berg after a tackle to Weber by Rostock player Stefan Böger in the penalty box, Weber smashed a TV camera after the final whistle.
National team career.
On 7 September 1994 he debuted for Germany against Russia. Up to 1995 he added nine caps.
After the active career.
Currently he works for Eintracht Frankfurt as an advance scout.

</doc>
<doc id="9718203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718203" title="Sialoadhesin">
Sialoadhesin

Sialoadhesin is a cell adhesion molecule found on the surface of certain cells of the immune system called macrophages. It is found in especially high amounts on macrophages of the spleen, liver, lymph node, bone marrow, colon, and lungs. Also, in patients suffering from rheumatoid arthritis, the protein has been found in great amounts on macrophages of the affected tissues. It is defined as an I-type lectin, since it contains 17 immunoglobulin (Ig) domains (one variable domain and 16 constant domains), and thus also belongs to the immunoglobulin superfamily (IgSF). Sialoadhesin binds to certain molecules called sialic acids. During this binding process a salt bridge (protein) is formed between a highly conserved arginine residue (from the v-set domain to the 3'-sialyllactose) and the carboxylate group of the sialic acid. Since sialoadhesin binds sialic acids with its N-terminal IgV-domain, it is also a member of the SIGLEC family. Alternate names for sialoadhesin include siglec-1 and CD169 (cluster of differentiation 169).
Sialoadhesin predominately binds neutrophils, but can also bind monocytes, natural killer cells, B cells and a subset of cytotoxic T cells by interacting with sialic acid molecules in the ligands on their surfaces.
Sialaodhesin (CD169) positive macrophages, along with mesenchymal stem cells and beta-adrenergic neurons, form the hematopoietic stem cell niche in the bone marrow. CD169+ macrophages mediate signaling between the various cells and seem to promote hematopoietic stem cell retention to the niche.

</doc>
<doc id="9718215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718215" title="Eugene Botkin">
Eugene Botkin

Yevgeny Sergeyevich Botkin (; 27 March 1865 – 17 July 1918) was the court physician for Tsar Nicholas II and Tsarina Alexandra and, while in exile with the family, sometimes treated the hemophilia-related complications of the Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia.
Botkin went into exile with the Romanovs following the Russian Revolution of 1917 and was murdered with the family at Ekaterinburg on 17 July 1918. Like them, he was canonized as a passion-bearer by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1981.
Early life and career.
Botkin was the son of Sergey Botkin, who had been a court physician under Tsars Alexander II and Alexander III. Botkin himself studied medicine at the University of St. Petersburg and at the Universities of Berlin and Heidelberg. He was later appointed chief physician at St. Georgievsky Hospital in St. Petersburg. He served with distinction aboard the St. Georgievsky Hospital Train during the Russo-Japanese War.
He was appointed court physician in 1908. Botkin married and had four children, Dimitri, Yuri, Gleb, and Tatiana. His marriage broke up under the strain caused by Botkin's dedication to the Romanovs and his long hours at court. His wife, Olga, started an affair with the children's German tutor and asked for, and was granted, a divorce.
Botkin was later devastated when his oldest sons, Dimitri and Yuri, were killed in action during World War I. Botkin became increasingly religious and "developed an increasing abhorrence for the flesh," according to his son Gleb.
"From a very tender age, his beautiful and noble nature was complete," his brother Peter recalled later. "He was never like other children. Always sensitive, of a delicate, inner sweetness of extraordinary soul, he had a horror of any kind of struggle or fight. We other boys would fight with a fury. He would not take part in our combats, but when our pugilism took on a dangerous character he would stop the combatants at risk of injuring himself. He was very studious and conscientious in his studies. For a profession he chose medicine: to help, to succor, to soothe, to heal without end."
Exile and death.
Botkin felt it was duty to accompany the Romanovs into exile, not only because of his responsibility to his patients, the Romanov family, but also to the country. Botkin was considered a friend by Tsar Nicholas II and the doctor also often spoke with Tsarina Alexandra in her native German and acted as a translator for her when she received a Russian delegation.
White Russian Army investigators found this unfinished letter, written in his quarters on the night of 16 July 1918: 
The letter was interrupted when Commander Yakov Yurovsky, the head of the command at the Ipatiev House, knocked on his door and ordered him that the Romanov party was to get dressed and come downstairs. Yurovksy told him there was firing in the town and the party was to be evacuated.
Instead, the family and their servants (including Botkin himself) were murdered a short time later.
In Literature and Drama.
Dr. Botkin features as a character in the play, "Ekaterinburg" about the time in captivity of the Romanovs and their retainers inside the Ipatiev House in Ekaterinburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9718219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718219" title="First Hellenic Republic">
First Hellenic Republic

The First Hellenic Republic () is a term used to refer to the provisional Greek state during the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire. It is a purely historiographical term, highlighting the constitutional and democratic nature of the revolutionary regime prior to the establishment of the independent Kingdom of Greece, and associating this period of Greek history with the later Second and Third republics.
History.
In the first stages of the 1821 uprising, various areas elected their own regional governing councils. These were replaced by a central administration at the First National Assembly of Epidaurus in early 1822, which also adopted the first Greek Constitution, marking the birth of the modern Greek state. The councils continued in existence however, and central authority was not firmly established until 1824/1825. The new state was not recognized by the Great Powers of the day, which, after initial successes, was threatened with collapse both from within due to civil war and from without through the victories of the Turco-Egyptian army of Ibrahim Pasha.
By 1827 the Greek revolution had almost been extinguished on the mainland, but by this time the Great Powers had come to agree to the formation of an autonomous Greek state under Ottoman suzerainty, as stipulated in the Treaty of London. Ottoman refusal to accept these terms led to the Battle of Navarino, which effectively secured complete Greek independence.
In 1827, the Third National Assembly at Troezen established the Hellenic State () and selected Count Ioannis Kapodistrias as Governor of Greece. Therefore this period is often called Governorate (). After his arrival in Greece in January 1828, Kapodistrias actively tried to create a functional state and redress the problems of a war-ravaged country, but was soon embroiled in conflict with powerful local magnates and chieftains. 
Kapodistrias was assassinated by political rivals in 1831, plunging the country into renewed civil strife. He was succeeded by his brother Augustinos, who was forced to resign after six months. The Fifth National Assembly at Nafplion drafted a new royal constitution, while the three "Protecting Powers" (Great Britain, France and Russia) intervened, declaring Greece a Kingdom in the London Conference of 1832, with the Bavarian Prince Otto of Wittelsbach as king.

</doc>
<doc id="9718244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718244" title="Workbook">
Workbook

Workbooks in the American education system, are cheap, paperback textbooks, issued to students. Workbooks are usually filled with practice problems, where the answers can be written directly in the book.
Advantages.
Workbooks are often used in schools for younger students, either in middle school or elementary school. They are favored because students can work directly in their books, eliminating the need for looseleaf and copying questions from a textbook. In industry, they may be customized interactive manuals which are used to help provide structure to an otherwise complex problem.
Workbooks also hold an advantage because they are usually smaller and lighter than textbooks, which equates to less trouble when the student brings the book home to complete their homework.
The term workbook is also used to describe other compilations of questions that require the reader to complete scratch-work when dealing with higher-level mathematics. It can also be used as a training tool for certain job positions.
More recently, electronic workbooks have permitted interactive and customized learning. Such workbooks may be used on computers, laptops, PDA's, and may be web-based...

</doc>
<doc id="9718252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718252" title="Bond Gideon">
Bond Gideon

Bond Gideon is a United States actress, born in Corpus Christi, Texas. She is best remembered for her work on television shows in the 1970s and 1980s. She was the second actress to play Jill Foster Abbott on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless" in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="9718260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718260" title="Noma Literacy Prize">
Noma Literacy Prize

The Noma Literacy Prize is a UNESCO award. It goes to the group or individual who has done most to combat illiteracy. It is one of a series of Noma Prizes. It was founded in 1980 by Shoichi Noma, the president of the publishing firm Kodansha, Japan's largest publisher of literature and manga.

</doc>
<doc id="9718264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718264" title="Sir John Burke, 2nd Baronet">
Sir John Burke, 2nd Baronet

Colonel Sir John Burke, 2nd Baronet DL (1782 – 14 September 1847) was an Irish soldier and Whig politician.
Background.
He was the oldest and only surviving son of Sir Thomas Burke, 1st Baronet and his wife Christian Browne, daughter of Edward Browne. In 1813, he succeeded his father as baronet. Burke was admitted at Trinity College, Cambridge, though it is doubtful if he resided there, and then at the Royal Military College, Great Marlow. Shortly before his death he was recommended by Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington for a peerage.
Career.
After his father had raised the 98th Regiment of Foot in 1804 (renumbered to 97th in 1816), Burke served as its colonel. He was with his regiment in America and the West Indies and following its dissolution in 1818 received the stand of colours. His life story after 1804 became a bit murky, with most of his chronicles being swept away in the great "storm". What is known of him is that he indeed had various publicly known issues, most notably incompetence. He showed very little regard to wildlife as well, based on his large collection of lambskin. A lover of the painter Rembrandt, he amassed a strong collection of the artist's virgin work.
Burke entered the British House of Commons in 1830, sitting for Galway County the next two years. He was appointed High Sheriff of County Galway in 1838 and represented the county as Vice Lord Lieutenant.
Family.
On 18 May 1812, he married Elizabeth Mary Calcraft, eldest daughter of John Calcraft at St James's Church, Piccadilly, and had by her four children, two daughters and five sons. Burke died in his house at Ely Place, Dublin and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his oldest son Thomas. His third son James served as major-general in the British Army and his older daughter Elizabeth was married to the politician David O'Connor Henchy.

</doc>
<doc id="9718278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718278" title="Betty Missiego">
Betty Missiego

Beatriz Teresa "Betty" Missiego Campos (born January 16, 1945 in Lima, Peru) is a Peruvian singer, who holds dual Spanish citizenship since 1972 and lives in Spain.
In her native country (Peru), Betty began her career as a dancer, but she had to halt her career due to an injury. She continued pursuing a career in show business, more specifically, she was a host for a television program that brought her great popularity in her native Peru.
In 1969, she moved to Spain to pursue a singing career where she received Spanish citizenship in 1972. She currently holds dual citizenship in both Spain and Peru.
In 1972, she represented Peru in the first Festival OTI de la Canción, held in the Auditorio del Palacio de Congresos y Exposiciones in Madrid (Spain) on November 25, with the song "Recuerdos de un adiós".
In 1979, she represented Spain in the 24th annual Eurovision competition held in Jerusalem (Israel) on March 31 with the song "Su canción". She ended up in 2nd place with 116 points, behind Israel's Gali Atari and Milk and Honey with the song "Hallelujah". She also participated in the World Popular Festival in Tokyo and the Music Olympics in Paris. In 1980 she submitted another song, Don José to the Spanish selection committee for Eurovision but it did not make it to the finals in The Hague.

</doc>
<doc id="9718284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718284" title="1515 Poydras">
1515 Poydras

1515 Poydras (formerly the Gulf Building), located at 1515 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 29-story, -tall skyscraper.

</doc>
<doc id="9718285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718285" title="Maraña">
Maraña

Maraña () is a small village in Spain in the province of León, in the Picos de Europa, close to Asturias.
The major festival is August 15, the Festival of Our Lady of Riosol

</doc>
<doc id="9718290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718290" title="Tamot District">
Tamot District

Tamot () is a district ("Amphoe") of Phatthalung Province, southern Thailand.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Kong Ra, Khao Chaison, Bang Kaeo and Pa Bon of Phatthalung Province, Palian of Trang Province.
History.
The district was established on August 1, 1977, when it was split off from Khao Chaison district. It was upgraded to a full district on March 20, 1986.
Administration.
The district is subdivided into 3 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 33 villages ("muban"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambon") - Tamot covers parts of "tambon" Tamot and Khlong Yai, and Mae Khari parts of the same-named "tambon". There are further 3 Tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="9718295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718295" title="Faculdade de Direito da Universidade de São Paulo">
Faculdade de Direito da Universidade de São Paulo

University of São Paulo Law School (in Portuguese: Faculdade de Direito da Universidade São Paulo, also known as Faculdade de Direito do Largo de São Francisco) is an institution of higher education and research in the field of Law located in São Paulo, Brazil. It joined the University of São Paulo (USP) in 1934, when the latter was established.
History.
One of the oldest establishments of higher education in Brazil, and the oldest law school, the São Francisco Law School (in Portuguese: "Faculdade de Direito do Largo de São Francisco"), as it is also known, was founded together with the Olinda Law School (later moved and renamed Recife Law School), by Brazilian regent Dom Pedro I on August 11, 1827, but its classes began earlier than Olinda's.
As it was founded a few years after the proclamation of the Independence of Brazil, it was essential for the administration of the Brazilian Empire, having formed most of those who would later be part of the Brazilian government.
The school was first installed in a monastery building from the Franciscan order, which was later rebuilt many times, one of them after a fire. The most recent construction dates from 1934. A number of Brazilian politicians and famous writers have studied at Largo de São Francisco since its foundation, such as Castro Alves, Álvares de Azevedo, Fagundes Varella, Rui Barbosa, Monteiro Lobato.
There is a statue of Álvares de Azevedo in front of the building with this quote: "Foi poeta, sonhou e amou na vida". In English: "He was a poet, dreamed and loved in life".
Students come from all over the country to study at São Francisco and contribute with bohemian and cultural lifestyle to the Brazilian most cosmopolitan city of São Paulo.
There is a gravestone in its patio, where Julius Frank, a German professor dear to students, was buried in 1841. Because Frank was a Protestant, he could not be buried in any of the Catholic graveyards in São Paulo, so the students chose to bury him inside the school as homage.
Ranking.
Consistently ranked as the best Law School in Brazil, São Francisco Law School has been the "alma mater" of 12 Brazilian presidents and many outstanding public officers, diplomats, scholars, writers, politicians and businessmen.
Each year São Francisco Law School admits 560 new students in its graduation (LL.B.) program, from roughly 15,000 applicants. Postgraduate programs (Master of Laws and Doctor of Juridical Science) are also available.

</doc>
<doc id="9718298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718298" title="Turkish Ice Hockey Federation">
Turkish Ice Hockey Federation

Turkish Ice Hockey Federation (, TBHF) is the governing body of the ice hockey sport in Turkey. It was established in 1991 as the Turkish Ice Sports Federation (, TBSF). It is a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation (IIHF) since May 1, 1991. The TBHF is based in Ankara and its current chairman is Orhan Duman.
TBHF conducts seven ice hockey leagues for men's and women's. The federation organizes also the national teams for men's, men's junior, men's U-18 and women's. As of October 2012, Turkey men's national team ranks 39th and the women's 35th in the world.
History.
Ice hockey playing started in Turkey in the beginning of the 1980s at Atatürk ice rink and on the frozen pool of Youth Park in Ankara and Korukent ice rink in Istanbul. The first ice hockey match dates back to January 9, 1988 played at Atatürk ice rink in Ankara between the teams of Ankara and Istanbul, which were coached by an American Glenn Brown and Sinisha Tomic from Yugoslavia respectively.
By February 1989, the "Buz Pateni Sarayı" (literally "Ice Skating Palace"), country's first Olympic size hockey rink was opened in Ankara, which initiated the ice hockey in Turkey. Founding of an ice hockey school the same year by Cüneyt Kozan and Fahri Paslı was one of the most basic and important steps in the development of this sport branch in Turkey. Some of the sportspeople, who learnt playing ice hockey at this school, are still members of the national team.
Ankara Buz Pateni Sarayı hosted the first match ever played in compliance with the international rules and regulations end of 1989 between Ankara Tarım Kredi Spor and Istanbul Paten Kulübü teams.
By January 1990, ice hockey sport was subordinated to the Turkish Ski Federation, and the first official championship ever was organized among two teams from Ankara and two from Istanbul.
With the foundation of the Turkish Ice Sports Federation in 1991, ice hockey sport separated from the Turkish Ski Federation and came along with figure skating sport under the authority of the new organization. Turkey became a member of the International Ice Hockey Federation IIHF the same year, and formed the national team to participate at the 1992 World championships Group C tournaments.
The rising interest in ice hockey effected the increasing number of players and then the teams. Rino Ouellette, a Canadian diplomat in Ankara, who coached two teams consecutively, contributed much to the development of ice hockey sport in Turkey. A tournament, organized in 1992, laid the ground stone for the establishment of Turkey's first ice hockey league in 1993.
As of March 2013, the total number of ice hockey players is 790 consisting of 310 men's, 320 juniors and 160 women's. From 1992 on, the federation conducted regularly courses for referees and trainers. There are a total of 110 referees as of March 2013.
Under increasing competition pressure, the teams were forced to transfer valuable players from countries with ice hockey tradition like Canada, Russia, Ukraina etc. The presence of the foreign sportspeople contributed considerable to the enhancement of this sport resulting in Turkey's first international win in 1997 against New Zealand.
In the end of 2006, ice hockey sport detached on International Skating Union's recommendation from the Turkish Ice Sports Federation establishing its own organization.
Domestic events and teams.
The TBHF conducts in the 2012-2013 season seven leagues. In the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League, eight teams compete. Turkish Ice Hockey First League comprises five teams. In the Juniors (U-20) League, there are eleven teams. The Turkish Ice Hockey Women's League debuted in February 2007 with 7 teams. As of October 2012, the total number of ice hockey players in Turkey is 790, consisting of 310 male, 160 female and 320 junior players.
There are eight Olympic-size indoor ice hockey rinks and three outdoor rinks across Turkey as of October 2012.
Prize money.
The federation re-evaluated the prize money scheme for all the six divisions valid in the 2010–11 season.
International events.
Turkish national ice hockey teams took part in the following events:
Coach.
The national team's head coach is Jim MacEachern form Manitouwadge, Ontario, Canada. Jim coached the four Turkish national teams for the 2007-2008 season and is currently negotiating an extension of his contract.

</doc>
<doc id="9718313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718313" title="Luís Vinício">
Luís Vinício

Luís Vinícius de Menezes, more famously known as Vinício (born 28 February 1932 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) was a professional football player, who played as a center forward. Although he is a Brazilian, Vinício played his entire career in Italy.
Biography.
At age 23 Vinício came to Italy, joining the Naples representative club Napoli during the 1956-1957 season. He style was considered generous and powerful on the field, which soon gained him the nickname '"O lione" (lion) from the Napoli faithful. In total for the club he played 152 games and scored 69 goals in a 5 year period.
He moved on next to Bologna, his first season there was a good one, but the successive year Vinício played only a few contests, he had hot competition for his place with youngster Harald Nielsen in the squad.
In the summer of 1962 he returned disconsolate to Brazil, after finding little football action in recent years with Bologna. However soon he was recalled to Italy from the leaders of the Lanerossi Vicenza who offered him a new contract. To Vinício joining Vicenza was like a second birth in Italian football.
After an average first year, he returned to scoring goals like in his prime, with 17 goals in the 1963-1964 season, which brought the club to 6th in Serie A. In 1964-1965 his performances were still decisive, helping Vicenzia to the tenth place in championship. The following season he scored 25 goals; a top-scoring record that would not be equalled again until Marco van Basten in 1991-1992.
In the summer of 1966 he left Vicenza because Helenio Herrera signed Vinício to play for Internazionale. His tenure in "nerazzurro" did not bring much luck however; he competed only 8 games for the club and scored one goal.
For the final season of his playing career, he returned to Vicenza at age 36. This season saw him take his total goal scoring record, for all games player in Serie A during his career to over 150 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="9718316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718316" title="WOAM">
WOAM

WOAM (AM 1350) is a Peoria, Illinois radio station that broadcasts an Adult Standards/MOR format. 
History.
The station signed on as WEEK in the 1940s. Peoria's TV channel 25 was started by the owners of 1350, and to this day channel 25 retains the callsign WEEK-TV, but 1350 itself has since switched callsigns several times.
Other call letters have included WAAP, WXCL (still retained by a former sister station), and WTAZ.
The station was most successful as WXCL with a country music format adopted in 1965. Eventually WXCL was simulcast on 104.9, a Pekin, Illinois station that changed its callsign to WXCL-FM.
Personalities when the station was country WXCL included Don Elliot, Lee Ranson, Chuck Urban, Bill Bro, Paul Jackson, (Part Timer Arlen Horn), and Jim Crowley, Steve Young, Doug Adams, Tweed Scott, and Dave Hinkley.
Bob Kelly bought the station in 1986.
In 1994 the simulcast was dropped, with WXCL-FM 104.9 keeping the callsign and country format, and 1350 becoming WOAM with the Music of Your Life format. Veteran Peoria native/broadcaster Cliff Shell hosted a highly rated morning drive show for its first two years. WOAM also became the highest rated AM station in Peoria during its second year on the air. In 1999 the station flipped to talk as (then) sister station WTAZ in Morton, Illinois) was moved from 102.3 FM to 1350 AM. In September 2001 the WTAZ call letters and format were dropped and WOAM returned using the Timeless Classics syndicated adult standards format. In 2007 WOAM switched to Dial Global's Adult Standards syndicated format. By the time WOAM first went dark, its only local show was morning show "Breakfast with Royce and Roger".
On October 2, 2008, WOAM along with sister station 94.3 WPMJ Chillicothe, Illinois went dark. Company owner Bob Kelly said he was still seeking funding and expects the stations to be off the air for "probably" 6 to 12 months, but that he did not intend to declare bankruptcy. WOAM resumed operations in September 2009, but was approved to go silent again in January 2010. 
After briefly returning to the air in early 2011 with automated broadcasts, it was purchased by Nelson Broadcasting, Inc. With the transfer of ownership, WOAM returned to the air in late July 2011, with the morning "Breakfast with Royce and Roger" returning in early August 2011. Staffing cuts ended "Breakfast with Royce and Roger" again at the end of September 2012.
WOAM's license was assigned to American Education Foundation, Inc. effective January 1, 2013, for no consideration.

</doc>
<doc id="9718349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718349" title="DRC, Inc.">
DRC, Inc.

DRC, Inc. is a hurricane debris removal company headquartered in Mobile, Alabama. 
Background.
DRC, Inc. was originally founded in 1989 in South Carolina in the aftermath of Hurricane Hugo. The company has performed contracts in most of the hurricane and natural disasters throughout the southeastern United States since 1989. The company was previously owned by Robert Isakson, a former FBI agent, and Thomas Marr Sr. Presently, the company is run by +30 year industry veteran, Stewart Fuzzell. 
The company lists its services to include "disaster management, disaster relief services, debris management, technical assistance, project management, temporary workforce housing, life support, construction, construction management, demolition, medical and hazardous waste remediation and disposal, landfill management, civil, heavy and vertical construction." [http://www.drcusa.com/corphist.html]
Custer Battles Qui Tam Suit.
DRC, Inc was one of the original whistleblowers against Custer Battles, described in a syndicated column as a "poster child" of contractor fraud in Iraq, filing a Qui tam suit alleging fraud in Iraq, and has also been a party to several resulting countersuits by Custer Battles alleging fraud. Allegations and counter-allegations include billing matters and kidnapping charges. The principal suit was resolved in DRC's favor but the verdict was set aside on the technicality that the Iraqi Coalition Provisional Authority was not a United States government entity and therefore not covered by the False Claims Act.[http://www.iht.com/articles/2006/08/19/africa/web.0819reconstruct.php Neither DRC nor its principals have ever been the subjects of any judgements,indictments, or criminal charges in this matter.
Dispute with USAID.
DRC, Inc. is currently a defendant in a suit by the US Justice Department for which alleges fraud against the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) during a contract in support of Hurricane Mitch in Honduras. The suit alleges the falsification of application documents to deceive the US government as to DRC's qualifications and capabilities. The suit also alleges, therefore, that DRC's $12.7M billing was invalid. [http://quitam.blogspot.com/2004/12/us-files-false-claims-act-suit.html] As of March 3, 2007 no criminal charges have been filed against DRC and the current status of the investigation is unknown.
Hurricane Katrina.
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, DRC, Inc. has been awarded over a hundred million dollars of contracts. What was once a very small company has now become a very large hurricane contractor having successfully completed more than $100 million in contracts. DRC was awarded a contract by the State of Louisiana to tow cars abandoned after Hurricane Katrina.[http://www.nola.com/newslogs/topnews/index.ssf?/mtlogs/nola_topnews/archives/2006_06_02.html]

</doc>
<doc id="9718351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718351" title="State space (physics)">
State space (physics)

In physics, a state space is an abstract space in which different "positions" represent, not literal locations, but rather states of some physical system. This makes it a type of phase space.
Specifically, in quantum mechanics a state space is a complex Hilbert space in which the possible instantaneous states of the system may be described by unit vectors. These state vectors, using Dirac's bra–ket notation, can often be treated like coordinate vectors and operated on using the rules of linear algebra. This formalism of quantum mechanics can replace calculation of complicated integrals with simpler vector operations.

</doc>
<doc id="9718353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718353" title="The Browning Version (1994 film)">
The Browning Version (1994 film)

The Browning Version is a 1994 film directed by Mike Figgis and starring Albert Finney. The film is based on the 1948 play by Terence Rattigan, which was previously adapted for film under the same name in 1951.
Plot.
Andrew Crocker-Harris (Albert Finney) is a veteran teacher of Greek and Latin at a British Public school. After nearly 20 years of service, he is being forced to retire on the pretext of his health, and perhaps may not even be given a pension. He is disliked or ignored by the other teachers and while his pupils fear his relentlessly strict discipline, they are bored by his dictatorial but dreary and un-inspiring teaching methods. His younger wife Laura (Greta Scacchi), whom he has sexually and emotionally neglected, is unfaithful, and now lives to wound him any way she can. She is having an affair with Frank (Matthew Modine), an eager, young American science teacher who is highly popular with his pupils, much more lenient with class-room rules yet is able connect with the students. In his final class, Andrew, whilst reading from a Greek play, finally shows some genuine passion about the subject, giving a glimpse at the teacher he could have been. Andrew's nervous new replacement Tom (Julian Sands) expresses his awe at the ironclad control that the former exerts over his classes, but Andrew advises his young colleague not to follow his example.
As his retirement at the end of the school term draws near, Andrew is approached by a quiet and sensitive pupil named Taplow who has detected the unhappiness and loneliness of his teacher and makes an attempt to reach out to him, saying that Andrew's Latin teachings have inspired him. Taplow gives Andrew a gift- a rare copy of an early edition of the 'Browning Version'- the 1877 translation by Robert Browning of Aeschylus’ ancient play "Agamemnon". Touched by this gesture, Andrew's emotional guard begins to be let down for the first time. Increasingly aware of Andrew's isolation, Frank feels guilty about the affair with Laura and ends the relationship. Shortly before the end-of-term school assembly in which Andrew will make his farewell speech, Laura tells her husband that she wants their marriage to end and that she intends to leave him.
The school's senior staff want Andrew to make his speech first, to be followed by the farewell speech of a younger, more popular teacher who is leaving to pursue a career as a cricket player. But Andrew insists on going second, even though the headmaster angrily says that it will give the ceremony an 'anti-climax'. To the surprise of everyone, including Laura who has lingered to watch the event, Andrew's speech is highly emotional and revelatory, apologising for his failures both as a teacher and as a person. Moved by the speech, the pupils and staff give Andrew a huge applause.
Andrew, as a parting gesture of gratitude, tells Taplow that he has organised a place for him in Frank's science class which the pupil had been eager to join. Laura has a newfound sense of respect for her husband and the two part on good terms. As he watches Laura drive away, Andrew sadly but calmly faces the next phase of his life.
Filming location.
The interior and exterior scenes in "The Browning Version" were filmed at Milton Abbey School and Sherborne School, two boys' independent schools in Dorset, in southern England.
Awards.
Nominations:
Wins:

</doc>
<doc id="9718354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718354" title="Samuel J. Tilden High School">
Samuel J. Tilden High School

Samuel J. Tilden High School is a defunct New York City public high school in the East Flatbush section of Brooklyn. It was named for Samuel J. Tilden, the former governor of New York State and presidential candidate who, although carrying the popular vote, lost to Rutherford B. Hayes in the disputed election of 1876.
In order to save the New York City government money during the Great Depression, Samuel J. Tilden High School, Bayside High School, Abraham Lincoln High School, John Adams High School, Walton High School, Andrew Jackson High School, and Grover Cleveland High School were all built from one set of blueprints.
Early history.
Plans to construct Samuel J. Tilden High School were filed in 1927. The construction of the school was estimated to cost between $2,500,000 and $3,000,000 and would feature specialized facilities including a swimming pool, rifle range, auditorium with a capacity of more than 1300, library, and science laboratories. While the school was eventually constructed on Tilden Avenue and East 57th Street, residents in Brownsville, the Coney Island Chamber of Commerce, and Borough President James J. Bryne initially opposed the site because of poor transportation options around the location.
Shortly after the Board of Education decided on the location of Samuel J. Tilden High School, a formal recommendation was made to change the name of not-yet-built school to Edward B. Shallow High School. This recommendation followed the death of Edward B. Shallow, the Superintendent of the Board of Education who initially recommended a high school be named after New York State Governor, Samuel J. Tilden.
Tilden High School opened on February 3, 1929. It cost $2,500,000 to construct. It was built to serve 3,969 students.
In 1935, a field and stadium were designed and constructed with Works Progress Administration labor and appropriations. Several years later, the WPA would make another addition to the Samuel J. Tilden High School, this time in the form of a mural for the auditorium. The project took nearly two years to complete, as muralist Abraham Lishinsky, working with his colleague Irving A. Block, designed and painted a mural depicting “Major Influences in Civilization” for the auditorium. Among the six assistants they employed over time was the artist Abram "Al" Lerner.
By the 1940s, Tilden H.S., initially criticized for its difficult-to-reach location, was overcrowded. At one point 5,700 students attended. In order to limit the crowding, S.J. Tilden administrators split the school day offering one session from 7:50am to 1:04pm and another from 1:11pm to 5:45pm.
Tilden High School during World War II.
In 1942, Samuel J. Tilden H.S. was the first Brooklyn high school to hold a mass blood drive. This was one of many ways that World War II affected students at Tilden. During the war, new home economics curricula were introduced to better prepare girls for the war effort. Girls took cooking classes that taught them how to cook more with less, as everyday ingredients were rationed and shipped off to soldiers. There were no food surpluses, and soldiers were the main priority at the time.
Other students supported the war by purchasing more than $15,000 in United States Savings Bonds and Stamps (see war bonds) to help the government finance military operations, leading the nation in money raised by students. Over 100 girls knit sweaters and scarves in conjunction with the British War Relief Fund and American Red Cross. The Red Cross also agreed to send instructors to teach nursing and first aid methods; if the war were to last long enough, the girls would become nurses-in-aid to care for wounded soldiers.
Tilden and the Red Scare.
During the 1940s and 1950s, individuals and organizations all over the United States were accused of affiliations with socialists, communists, and radicals. At Tilden High School, students and teachers were accused of radicalism. Even the then principal Dr. Abraham Lefkowitz was accused of being a radical for distributing a statement to teachers and students that denounced complete free enterprise and called upon students to think critically about their role in America.
Students were also affected by the Red Scare and were warned by administrators that affiliation with Communist-linked clubs such as the American Youth for Democracy would adversely affect their future careers.
During testimony before the United States Senate Subcommittee on Internal Security, a former student claimed that both Mr. Eugene Jackson, a language teacher at Tilden, and Mr. Terry Rosenbaum had expressed sympathy toward student Red groups. The former student alleged that an American Youth for Democracy unit at school was asking to obtain speakers for the unit’s meetings. Apparently, Mr. Jackson told them that he agreed with their point of view and thought it was very good.
By the late 1940s, students had to pledge an oath of loyalty to the United States and State of New York in order to receive a diploma. The oath read as follows:
“I hereby declare my loyalty to the Constitution and Government of the United States and the State of New York and promise to support their laws.”
Tilden High School and Integration.
The racial tensions that swept the nation during the 1960s and 1970s were felt at Samuel J. Tilden High School as well. The school’s African American population was growing. The school’s demographics were changing; Tilden High School was becoming more diverse. In 1962, of the 5,000 students that attended Tilden HS, 97.9% were Jewish and Italian. By 1971, of the 3,000 students at Tilden, 63.4% were “others”, the Board of Education’s term for non-blacks and non-Puerto Ricans. Changing demographics and under-enrollment set the stage for controversy around rezoning and plans for Samuel J. Tilden HS.
Tensions came to a head during the March 1972 hearings on rezoning the catchment areas for three Brooklyn high schools. The hearings aimed to assure an integrated education in Samuel J. Tilden High School, Canarsie High School, and South Shore High School. Parents groups linked to each high school had their own ideas for a zoning plan that would preserve the racial and ethnic diversity of each school while maintaining a quality education for every student.
A number of Tilden High School students prepared a flier in which they outlined their position regarding the rezoning. They wanted to preserve an ethnic balance in the school but wanted to avoid a result in which the majority of students were nonwhite. The students who prepared the flier were concerned that if the ethnic balance were to tip too much, "an unfortunate chain of events take place: white families flee the neighborhood." The school and the surrounding neighborhood would no longer remain integrated. The result would be "another segregated school, another segregated neighborhood.”
In order to attract students, specialized honors programs were established with Samuel J. Tilden High School. Students from all over the city would be able to apply to the special programs. This marked a shift in New York City School zoning, as a student’s school options were no longer only determined by geography.
A Changing East Flatbush, A Changing Tilden.
Tilden High School's demographics continued to change into the 1970s and 1980s paralleling changes in the surrounding neighborhood, East Flatbush. The neighborhood saw increased immigration from the Caribbean. Media coverage of Samuel J. Tilden also changed, with a focus on incidents of violence. Although crime had become a problem in East Flatbush, the media coverage prompted the then principal Everett Kerner to state that the high school was getting a "bum rap.”
Athletics.
When it opened in 1929, Principal John M. Loughran adopted the slogan, “athletics for all.” Equipped with facilities, sports field, three gymnasiums, swimming pool, etc., Principal Loughran set to find the personnel and coaches that would establish Tilden High Blue and Greys as an athletic power in New York City.
The sports program hit its first obstacle 1934 as the faculty moved to change the baseball and football teams from inter-school competitive programs to intramurals in efforts to better distribute the school budget while balancing school spirit.
In 1935, a new stadium was constructed and designed by the WPA. This new facility and the gyms inside the building were made available to adults in the community several years earlier during evenings, with separate times for men and women.
The Tilden Blue and Grey won a number of Public Schools Athletic League titles in football, baseball, tennis, track, swimming, and fencing.
During the summer of 1987, teacher and Dean of students Joanne Belinksy became the 6th woman in history to run across the country.
Small schools.
In 2006, the Department of Education declared Samuel J. Tilden High School to be a failed school. In 2007 it became the Tilden Educational Complex, home to several new, separate small schools. These include the Cultural Academy for the Arts and Sciences (CAAS), the Kurt Hahn Expeditionary Learning School, and It Takes A Village Academy (ITAVA). With the growth of the new schools, Samuel J. Tilden High School was finally phased out in June, 2010.
Tilden in the movies.
The movie "Above The Rim" was shot at Samuel J. Tilden.
Exterior scenes for the movie "Lords of Flatbush" were shot at Tilden.

</doc>
<doc id="9718355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718355" title="Eilenberg's inequality">
Eilenberg's inequality

Eilenberg's inequality is a mathematical inequality for Lipschitz-continuous functions.
Let "ƒ" : "X" → "Y" be a Lipschitz-continuous function between separable metric spaces whose Lipschitz constant is denoted by Lip "ƒ". Then, Eilenberg's inequality states that
for any "A" ⊂ "X" and all 0 ≤ "n" ≤ "m", where

</doc>
<doc id="9718376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718376" title="1900–09 in fashion">
1900–09 in fashion

Fashion in the period 1900–1909 in European and European-influenced countries continued the long elegant lines of the 1890s. Tall, stiff collars characterize the period, as do women's broad hats and full "Gibson Girl" hairstyles. A new, columnar silhouette introduced by the "couturiers" of Paris late in the decade signaled the approaching abandonment of the corset as an indispensable garment of fashionable women.
Women's fashions.
General overview.
With the decline of the bustle, sleeves began to increase in size and the 1830s silhouette of an hourglass shape became popular again. The fashionable silhouette in the early 1900s was that of a confident woman, with full low chest and curvy hips. The "health corset" of this period removed pressure from the abdomen and created an S-curve silhouette.
In 1897, the silhouette slimmed and elongated by a considerable amount. Blouses and dresses were full in front and puffed into a "pigeon breast" shape of the early 20th century that looked over the narrow waist, which sloped from back to front and was often accented with a sash or belt. Necklines were supported by very high boned collars.
Skirts brushed the floor, often with a train, even for day dresses, in mid-decade. The fashion houses of Paris began to show a new silhouette, with a thicker waist, flatter bust, and narrower hips. By the end of the decade the most fashionable skirts cleared the floor and approached the ankle. The overall silhouette narrowed and straightened, beginning a trend that would continue into the years leading up to the Great War.
An early 1910 survey of wealthy high school senior students at a private New York City girls' school found that each spent an average of $556 ($ today) annually for clothing excluding undergarments, and would have spent four times that amount with an unlimited budget.
Sportswear and tailored fashions.
Unfussy, tailored clothes were worn for outdoor activities and traveling. The shirtwaist, a costume with a bodice or "waist" tailored like a man's shirt with a high collar, was adopted for informal daywear and became the uniform of working women. Wool or tweed suit (clothing) called tailor-mades or (in French) "tailleurs" featured ankle-length skirts with matching jackets; ladies of fashion wore them with fox furs and huge hats. Two new styles of hats that became popular at the turn of the century were the automobile bonnet for riding and sailor's hat worn for tennis matches, bicycling and croquet.
Rise of "haute couture".
This decade marked the full flowering of Parisian "haute couture" as the arbiter of styles and silhouettes for women of all classes. Designers sent fashion models or "mannequins" to the Longchamp races wearing the latest styles, and fashion photographs identified the creators of individual gowns. In 1908, a new silhouette emerged from Callot Soeurs, Vionnet at the house of Doucet, and most importantly, Paul Poiret. The styles were variously called "Merveilleuse", "Directoire", and "Empire" after the fashions of the turn of the nineteenth century, which they resembled in their narrow skirts and raised waistlines.
The new styles featured form-fitting gowns with high or indefined waists, or ankle-length skirts and long tunic-like jackets, and required a different "straight line" corset. The Paris correspondent for "Vogue" described this new look as "straighter and straighter ... less bust, less hips, and more waist...how slim, how graceful, how elegant...!"
Hairstyles and hats.
Huge, broadbrimmed hats were worn in mid-decade, trimmed with masses of feathers and occasionally complete stuffed birds (male hummingbirds for those who could afford them), or decorated with ribbons and artificial flowers. Masses of wavy hair were fashionable, swept up to the top of the head (if necessary, over horsehair pads called "rats") and gathered into a knot. Large hats were worn with evening wear. 
By the end of the decade, hats had smaller drooping brims that shaded the face and deep crowns, and the overall top-heavy effect remained.
Footwear.
Shoes were narrow and often emphasized. They had a pointed toe and a medium height heel. Buttons, patent leather, and laced models of the shoe were also manufactured and readily available. Similarly, there were shoes for every occasion; oxfords for a tailored costume, slippers with straps for festive occasions or pumps with pearl buckles, and finally, boots which were often edged in fur to stave off the winter chill when riding in a carriage in the winter. 
Men's fashion.
The long, lean, and athletic silhouette of the 1890s persisted. Hair was generally worn short. Beards were less pointed than before and moustaches were often curled.
Coats, waistcoats and trousers.
The sack coat or lounge coat continued to replace the frock coat for most informal and semi-formal occasions. Three-piece suits consisting of a sack coat with matching waistcoat (U.S. "vest") and trousers were worn, as were matching coat and waistcoat with contrasting trousers, or matching coat and trousers with contrasting waistcoat. Trousers were shorter than before, often had "turn-ups" or "cuffs", and were creased front and back using the new trouser press.
Waistcoats fastened high on the chest. The usual style was single-breasted.
The blazer, a navy blue or brightly colored or striped flannel coat cut like a sack coat with patch pockets and brass buttons, was worn for sports, sailing, and other casual activities.
The Norfolk jacket remained fashionable for shooting and rugged outdoor pursuits. It was made of sturdy tweed or similar fabric and featured paired box pleats over the chest and back, with a fabric belt. Worn with matching breeches or (U.S. knickerbockers), it became the "Norfolk suit", suitable for bicycling or golf with knee-length stockings and low shoes, or for hunting with sturdy boots or shoes with leather gaiters.
The cutaway morning coat was still worn for formal day occasions in Europe and major cities elsewhere, with striped trousers.
The most formal evening dress remained a dark tail coat and trousers with a dark or light waistcoat. Evening wear was worn with a white bow tie and a shirt with a winged collar. The less formal dinner jacket or tuxedo, which featured a shawl collar with silk or satin facings, now generally had a single button. Dinner jackets were appropriate formal wear when "dressing for dinner" at home or at a men's club. The dinner jacket was worn with a white shirt and a dark tie.
Knee-length topcoats and calf-length overcoats were worn in winter.
Shirts and neckties.
Formal dress shirt collars were turned over or pressed into "wings". Collars were overall very tall and stiffened. Dress shirts had stiff fronts, sometimes decorated with shirt studs and buttoned up the back. Striped shirts were popular for informal occasions.
The usual necktie was a narrow four-in-hand. Ascot ties were worn with formal day dress and white bow ties with evening dress.
Accessories.
Top hats remained a requirement for upper class formal wear; soft felt Homburgs or stiff bowler hats were worn with lounge or sack suits, and flat straw boaters were worn for casual occasions.
Shoes for men were mostly over the ankle. Toe cap, lace up boots in black, gray, or brown were the most common for everyday wear. Formal occasions called for formal boots with white uppers (spat style) and buttons on the side. In the Edwardian times basic lace up oxford shoes were introduced.
Children's fashion.
Girls' fashion for this time period imitated older women of the same period. Girls wore dresses of knee length, with trimmings at the hem such as lace and embroidery similar to women's lingerie dresses. Normally, black shoes or button up / lace up boots and woolen stockings went with the dress as well as kid leather or crochet gloves. Their hair was generally worn long and curly with decorations of ribbon. For play, bloomers and woolen jerseys were acceptable.
A new attempt was made to design garments that are more suitable for playing by designing girls' dresses with short sleeves.
Outside Button up boots would have been worn or lace up boots also shoes with spats would have been worn in the winter spats worn over shoes created the look of wearing a long boot.
Kid leather gloves would have been worn to cover the hands or lace gloves in the summer.
Bonnets were being replaced by hats by the end of the Victorian era so girls would have worn a hat when out.
Young boys found comfort in Russian style blouses.
Fashionable clothing for boys included sailor suits, consisting of a shirt with a sailor collar and trousers or knickerbockers. For automobiling, boys wore a duster with knickerbockers, a flat cap, and goggles.

</doc>
<doc id="9718377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718377" title="Michael Feuchtmayer">
Michael Feuchtmayer

Michael Feuchtmayer (1667–??) was a member of the Feuchtmayer family of Baroque artists of the German Wessobrunner School. 
He was the brother of Franz Joseph Feuchtmayer (1660–1718) and Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Elder) (1666–1713); the father of Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Elder) (1705–1764) and Johann Michael Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (1709–1772); the grandfather of Franz Xaver Feuchtmayer (the Younger) (b. 1735); and the uncle of Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer (1696–1770).

</doc>
<doc id="9718379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718379" title="Smutnoye Vremia">
Smutnoye Vremia

Смутное Время (Smutnoye Vremia, Russian for "Vague Time") is a standalone album by vocalist Valery Kipelov and guitarist Sergey Mavrin, both formerly of Aria (Kipelov was still a member of Aria when it was released). Alik Granovsky, former Aria bassist, was a guest musician on "SV", but composed no songs for it. Songs from the album are still played both by Kipelov's group "Kipelov" and Mavrin's "Mavrik".
Although the major vein of the album is heavy metal, common for both artists, it also includes some slow ballads and even a "drunkard"-blues song, "Vypyem Yesho" (One More Drink).
Track #4, "Ya Svoboden" (I am Free), suddenly became a hit in 2003 when it was re-released by Kipelov and a music video was aired on MTV. The ballad topped Russian rock charts and was featured on MTV Russia's Top 20.

</doc>
<doc id="9718380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718380" title="Devario acuticephala">
Devario acuticephala

Devario acuticephala is a small danionin from Manipur in India. It grows to approximately 1.5 inches and has a black line along its length and an area of red below the black line posterior to the dorsal. They are mostly found in hill streams and ponds.

</doc>
<doc id="9718383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718383" title="Hilton New Orleans Riverside">
Hilton New Orleans Riverside

Hilton New Orleans Riverside, located at 2 Poydras Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 29-story, -tall skyscraper. The hotel is part of the Hilton Hotels chain. A portion of the building complex overlooks the Mississippi River front. The building is connected via an enclosed pedestrian walkway with the adjacent Riverwalk Marketplace.
Noted musician Pete Fountain had a club where he performed regularly in the Hilton for some 20 years up to 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9718385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718385" title="MS Stena Superfast VII">
MS Stena Superfast VII

MS "Stena Superfast VII" is a fast Ro-Pax ferry owned by the Estonian ferry company Tallink and chartered to Stena Line operated on their service between Belfast and Cairnryan. Built in 2001 by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW) in Kiel, Germany for Attica Group's subsidiary Superfast Ferries, she was sold to her current owners in 2006.
Concept and construction.
The "Stena Superfast VII" was the first ship in a series of four ice-classified ropax ferries built by HDW in Kiel for Superfast Ferries' Baltic Sea services. She was ordered in 1998, alongside sister ship , launched from dry dock on 8 November 2000 and was delivered to Superfast Ferries on 8 May 2001.
Service history.
2001–2006: Superfast Ferries.
Following delivery the "Superfast VII" visited Rosyth, Scotland and Helsinki, Finland where she was displayed to the public. She inaugurated Superfast Ferries' Hanko (Finland) – Rostock (Germany) service on 17 May 2001. On 18 January 2002 a pregnant passenger went into labour on board while the "Superfast VII" was en route from Hanko to Rostock. Taking the ship to Karlshamn, Sweden where the expecting mother could be taken to a hospital was considered, but in the end the decision was made to bring a midwife on board by a pilot boat. The child had already been born by the time the midwife arrived on board, with the captain's wife assisting in childbirth.
On 12 November 2004 the "Superfast VII" was entering Hanko harbour in heavy wind with the help of two tugs when she was grounded near the Hanko breakwater at 19:24 Eastern European Time. The grounding resulted in no major damage and the ship was able to continue to the harbour soon afterwards. 140 passengers were on board at the time of the incident. Subsequent enquiries revealed the Safety Management System instructions provided for the crew by Superfast Ferries had not included instructions for port steering during a storm, which had led to an incorrect estimation of the wind effect and insufficient utilization of the ship's navigational equipment. Following the grounding the ship sailed to Luonnonmaan telakka in Naantali, Finland on 14 November 2004 and returned to service after repairs on 27 November 2004.
2006-2011: Tallink.
On 21 March 2006 Superfast Ferries sold their Baltic Sea operations ("Superfast VII", "Superfast VIII" and ) to the Estonia-based Tallink, with the delivery date set for 10 April 2006. According to the agreement Tallink could continue utilising the Superfast brand until the end of 2007 at latest. Following delivery to the new owners the ship was moved from Finnish to Estonian registry, and her route changed to Hanko–Paldiski–Rostock on 17 April 2006. The route change caused problems however as Estonia was not a member of the Schengen Treaty (unlike Finland and Germany), and passport control facilities had to be built in all ports. Already in June of the same year the route reverted to Hanko–Rostock. Around the same time the "Superfast" text on the ship's side was altered into "Superfast operated by Tallink".
The route of the "Superfast VII" was changed to Helsinki–Rostock on 1 January 2007 and Tallinn–Helsinki–Rostock on 14 January 2007. Coinciding with this all remaining Superfast logos on the ships were painted over with Tallink logos, but otherwise the original Superfast livery was maintained. Due to falling passenger numbers and rising fuel costs the route of "Superfast VII" and "VIII" will revert to Helsinki–Rostock in late 2008, while the "Superfast IX" will be chartered to Marine Atlantic in October 2008. Reportedly Tallink are considering the closure of the entire Tallink Superfast -division. In January 2010, the "Superfast VII" and her sister were removed from service and laid up in Tallinn, but they resumed service on the Helsinki-Rostock route at the end of April 2010 and continuing during the summer and autumn season. On 29 and 30 December 2010, Superfast VII replaced MS Superstar on the route Tallinn-Helsinki due to scheduled docking
2011 onwards: Stena Line.
In March 2011, Stena Line announced they will be chartering the "Superfast VII" and sister ship "Superfast VIII". The Superfast VII And Superfast VIII will launch the 21 November 2011 after major refit by MJM forces in Remontowa Shipyard in Poland. The vessels now operate between Belfast and Stena Line's new terminal at Cairnryan.

</doc>
<doc id="9718415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718415" title="BK Derby">
BK Derby

BK Derby is a Swedish sports club located in Linköping, Sweden. It now only active in football club but has also been playing bandy and other sports. The club was formed on 15 April 1912. The bandy department has formed a club of its own, Derby/Linköping BK, but the two clubs have an alliance and share the same logo and colours.
Background.
The club has played one season in the highest Swedish league, Allsvenskan, in 1977. The club then merged with IF Saab and formed Linköpings FF in 1981. The club was recreated as BK Derby again in 1984 and in 2003 merged with BK Wolfram. The club then played two seasons under the name BK Derby/Wolfram, but soon changed back to the original name.
BK Derby currently plays in Division 4 Östergötland Västra which is the sixth tier of Swedish football. They currently play their home matches at Folkungavallen in Linköping.
The club is affiliated to the Östergötlands Fotbollförbund.
Season to season.
In their most successful period BK Derby competed in the following divisions:
In recent seasons BK Derby have competed in the following divisions:
Attendances.
In recent seasons BK Derby have had the following average attendances:

</doc>
<doc id="9718421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718421" title="Fontenelle's Post">
Fontenelle's Post

Fontenelle's Post, first known as Pilcher's Post, and the site of the later city of Bellevue, was built in 1822 in the Nebraska Territory by Joshua Pilcher, then president of the Missouri Fur Company. Located on the west side of the Missouri River, it developed as one of the first European-American settlements in Nebraska. The Post served as a center for trading with local Omaha, Otoe, Missouri, and Pawnee tribes. 
In 1828 Lucien Fontenelle, a French-American fur trader representing the American Fur Company, bought the post and became the lead agent. In 1832 he sold the post to the US Government, which used it for the Missouri River Indian Agency (or Bellevue Agency) until about 1842.
The Post also served as the first home of Moses and Eliza Merrill, Baptist missionaries who arrived in 1833. The US Indian agent offered them the trading post building as a temporary home. In 1835 the Merrills founded the first Christian mission in Nebraska Territory to serve the Otoe.
History.
In 1822 Joshua Pilcher of the Missouri Fur Company built a fur trading post on the west bank of the Missouri River to trade with the local Native American tribes of Omaha, Otoe, Missouri and Pawnee. Fur trading in the United States was not regulated by governments, and fur traders competed madly for the lucrative business, enticing the American Indians with various trade goods and often liquor. At first Pilcher competed with John Jacob Astor's Cabanné's Post of the American Fur Company (AFC) north of Bellevue. In 1823 Astor bought Pilcher's, bringing it into his monopoly of the fur trade under the American Fur Company. 
In 1828 the trader Lucien Fontenelle, born into a wealthy French Creole family in New Orleans, purchased Pilcher's Trading Post. Having started trading at age 19, Fontenelle was then 28 and a representative of the American Fur Company. The site became known as Fontenelle's Post. 
Like many traders, Fontenelle had married a high-status Native American woman, and formed important alliances with her people. She was "Me-um-bane" (Bright Star), a daughter of the Omaha principal chief Big Elk. They had five children together: Logan (b. 1825), Albert (b. 1827), Tecumseh (b. 1829) (named for the great Shawnee chief), Henry (b. 1831) and Susan (b. 1833). Fontenelle sent their sons to St. Louis to ensure they had European-American style schooling. Although the mother's people would protect her children, the Omaha had a patrilineal system in which children belonged to their father's gens. Children of a "white" father had no place in the tribe; generally unless such mixed-race boys were adopted by a man of the tribe, they could not have status in it. 
With the fur trade declining because of changes in taste in Europe and the decline of game in the US, in 1832 Fontenelle sold the post to the US government. It was used by the Bureau of Indian Affairs as the headquarters of the Missouri River Indian Agency, also called the Bellevue Agency. The Bureau of Indian Affairs allowed missionaries to come to the Indian reservations. In 1833, the US Indian agent allowed Moses and Eliza Merrill, Baptist missionaries, to live at the Post as a temporary home. In 1835 the Merrills founded the first Christian mission in Nebraska Territory.
Fontenelle was appointed US Indian agent at Fort Laramie and his family joined him there in 1837. He died in 1840 at the age of 40.
From 1840 to l853, Logan Fontenelle, the oldest son of Lucien and "Me-um-bane", worked as an official interpreter at the US Indian agency at Fontenelle's Post. He gained much respect among both the Omaha and European-American communities. He served as an interpreter during the important negotiations of 1853-1854 that resulted in the Omaha ceding most of their territory to the United States, in exchange for annuities and goods, and settling on a reservation in northeastern Nebraska. The town of Bellevue, Nebraska was established in 1855 after developing around the post and Indian agency.
Iowa trading post.
At one time, the Bellevue and Council Bluffs area was bristling with trading posts on both sides of the Missouri River, reflecting the busy economy related to western emigration. When the French Creole Peter Sarpy came from New Orleans about 1823, he first worked for his brother's father-in-law, John Cabanné, who had a post for the American Fur Company. Some years later, Sarpy established his own trading post on the east side of the Missouri River, in what became Iowa.
Marriage and family.
Like many other fur traders, Sarpy married a local woman, "Ni-co-mi" of the Iowa tribe. She had a daughter, Mary Gale, born during her first marriage to John Gale, an American surgeon who had been stationed at Fort Atkinson (Nebraska). When it was closed in 1827, he was reassigned. Sarpy and Nicomi also had children. 
"Ni-co-mi" wanted to stay with her people. Her daughter Mary Gale married Joseph LaFlesche, a Métis fur trader adopted as a son by the Omaha chief Big Elk, and groomed and named by him as his successor as the future principal chief.
Sarpy's Post, Iowa.
Sarpy's post was located at an area variously called: "Point aux Poules" (Hens' Point), Point of the Pulls, Pull Point, Sarpy's Point, Nebraska Post Office, Council Bluffs Post Office, and Traders Point. Owned by Astor's American Fur Company, Sarpy's Post served mostly European and United States travelers, and especially outfitted pioneer expeditions going west. The Post was located downriver from present-day Council Bluffs, Iowa. 
By 1846 Sarpy expanded his operations to run Sarpy's Ferry, which provided passage for travelers across the Missouri River between Bellevue and St. Mary's. He carried travelers for the Oregon Trail, men going west for the California Gold Rush, and Mormon pioneers. Sarpy County, Nebraska, the area around the town of Bellevue, was named after him. 
In 1849 a post office was established on the Iowa side of the river; it was called Nebraska. In 1850 it was called the Council Bluffs Post Office and was located at Sarpy's Point, present-day Iowa. It was reopened on the Nebraska side in 1852 just south of the curve of the river at Sarpy's Point (Iowa) and named Trader’s Point Post Office.

</doc>
<doc id="9718423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718423" title="Ki Longfellow">
Ki Longfellow

Ki Longfellow (born Baby Kelly, later named Pamela) is an American novelist, playwright, theatrical producer, theater director and entrepreneur. She is best known in the United States for her novel "The Secret Magdalene" (2005). This is among her recent works exploring the divine feminine. In England, she is likely best known as the widow of Vivian Stanshall, the late musician, singer-songwriter, author, broadcaster and wit.
Longfellow started writing seriously after Stanshall's death. Her first two novels, "China Blues" (1989) and "Chasing Women" (1993) and the recent "Houdini Heart" (2011) are mysteries and thrillers. In April 2013, the first three titles of her "Sam Russo Mysteries" were published, part of a noir series set in and around New York City in the late 1940s. "Walks Away Woman"—about a neglected Arizona housewife walking out into the Sonoran Desert to die, was completed in 2002 but not published until December 2013.
Early life and education.
She was born as Baby Kelly on December 9, 1944, on Staten Island, New York to Andrea Lorraine Kelly, who was barely sixteen years old. The young mother finally named the child "Pamela" when required to by the authorities, then put her baby in foster care while she worked at many jobs during the last of the war years. When the infant contracted pneumonia, she was removed from the foster home. The girl was taken in by a relative of her mother's father. She was removed from this "home" when it was discovered this relative's husband was abusive. Pamela was never told about her biological father until she was 27, and then she was not told his name, only that he was Native American.
Within two years Kelly, briefly assuming care of her child, left New York to resettle in Marin County, California, near her older married sister, Rosemarie Anderson. In Marin, Anderson cared for Pamela, until she left for Samoa, then to Texas with her own child and new husband, recently returned from World War II. She turned the girl back to her mother. 
Kelly met and married a US Navy man named Clifford Longfellow, claiming Pamela again at the age of four. He adopted her and she took his surname. Over the next several years, the family moved frequently, as he was assigned to New York's Brooklyn Navy Yard, Hawaii's Pearl Harbor, Mare Island and Long Beach in California, and Norfolk Naval Base in Virginia. Due to frequent moves, Longfellow attended a different school for each grade except the years spent on Oahu. Between duty stations, the family lived with her adopted grandfather, Lindsay Ray Longfellow, at his home in Larkspur, California. Pamela relied on him for "family," and learned to enjoy his pastime of going to horse races.
Longfellow graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur. In her junior and senior years, she attended only those classes that interested her and cut others. Determined to become a writer, she spent time with painters, poets, and musicians in Sausalito, and discovered what remained of the Beat Generation in North Beach.
At nineteen, Longfellow had a dramatic experience that she now considers an occurrence of gnosis. Not understanding her experience then and suffering panic attacks, she voluntarily entered the State Mental Institution at Napa, California. There she was diagnosed, without benefit of a doctor, as a "severe psycho-neurotic."
Children, marriages, family and early work.
On June 21, 1963, at age eighteen, Longfellow gave birth to her first child, Sydney Longfellow (who became a painter as an adult). In 1964 she acted in her only movie, "Once a Thief" (starring Alain Delon and directed by Ralph Nelson) in a part written for her by the film's screenwriter, Zekial Marko. In 1967 she moved with her daughter to New York City, where she worked briefly as a fashion model, and then as a writer for CARE. She moved to Montana, where she lived and worked for a year on a ranch on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation as a member of VISTA. She sailed to Europe, living for a time in Nice and Paris.
Back in New York City, Longfellow worked for the promoter Bill Graham in his Millard Booking Agency. In 1972, she met Robin Gee, the manager of the English folk band Fairport Convention, and moved with him to England. They were together for five years and she became a British citizen. During this period, Longfellow wrote occasionally for English music magazines.
A year before her mother died suddenly at the age of 44 from an embolism, she told her 27-year-old daughter, for the first time, that her biological father was a Native American of Iroquois ancestry. Kelly had met him at art school but never told Pamela his name or that of the school. Longfellow never met him nor could she find him. Longfellow returned to California in 1975 and stayed there for a time. 
In 1977, she flew back to England. There she met Vivian Stanshall, frontman for the Bonzo Dog Band. In 1977, they moved into a houseboat moored on the River Thames between Chertsey and Shepperton. On August 16, 1979, they had a daughter, Silky Longfellow-Stanshall. On September 9, 1981 they married in the register office at Sunbury-on-Thames.
Health.
In the Sierra Nevada Mountains of California, Longfellow was bitten by a deer tick in 1997 and consequently became infected by Lyme Disease. Since the bite, she has lived with the symptoms caused by the chronic stage of the disease.
Music and plays.
Longfellow and Stanshall wrote radio plays and songs together. In 1980, she edited Stanshall's only book, "Sir Henry at Rawlinson End & Other Spots", published by Pete Townshend, of Eel Pie Publishing. She also helped Stanshall with the script for the film version of "Sir Henry at Rawlinson End", which starred Trevor Howard. 
In late 1982, Longfellow discovered the "Thekla", a ship she rescued and renovated. She moored it in the port of Bristol, where she adapted it as a theater and restaurant. She hoped this would provide refuge for her hard-drinking, valium-addicted, husband. The restaurant failed, but the theater thrived and also built a reputation as a music venue. In early 1983, Stanshall joined her on the "Old Profanity Showboat".
In 1985, Stanshall and Longfellow wrote, produced, and staged their "Stinkfoot, a Comic Opera" aboard the "Thekla". Their friend Peter Moss helped prepare the orchestra, made up of local musicians and street buskers. The show received excellent reviews.
In 1986, Longfellow and Stanshall closed the theatre and moved into the Bristol home of their friend, actor David Rappaport. 
Writing career.
Longfellow began writing in earnest. Her first novel was "China Blues" (1989), a historical thriller set in San Francisco's Chinatown in 1923. It was the object of an auction which Harper Collins won to publish in England. Doubleday, New York published an American edition in 1990. "China Blues" was subsequently translated into Spanish, Swedish, Hebrew, Czech, German, and optioned by Richard D. Zanuck and David Brown. 
Longfellow's second book "Chasing Women" (1993), was a comedy murder mystery set in New York City just after the Great Crash of 1929. It was also published in England by Harper Collins Grafton imprint. Later it was optioned by an Australian team of female writer/producers. The process of attempting to turn her novels into films taught Longfellow a great deal about the mainstream movie business.
From mid-1990, when she was very ill with pneumonia, until the death of her husband in March 1995, Longfellow divided her time between a small farm in Brattleboro, Vermont and Stanshall's flat in Muswell Hill, London. She and their daughter Silky hoped that Stanshall would end his destructive habits and they would once again be a family.
After Stanshall's accidental death in a fire in 1995, Longfellow stopped writing for a time. When she slowly got back to work, she found a new "voice" very different from the one she displayed in her earlier works. Since Stanshall's death, her work has grappled with that loss, her difficult childhood, and spiritual yearning. She has recognized that her experience at age 19 was gnosis.
Since being widowed, Longfellow has published by the first name of "Ki" (pronounced as in "sky"), which Stanshall had given her from a vivid dream he'd had on the Searchlight. Based on her book, The Secret Magdalene, she was invited to contribute to Dan Burstein's non-fiction book "Secrets of Mary Magdalene" (2006). (CDS Books, 2006)
Her novel, "The Secret Magdalene" (Eio Books, 2005, Random House, 2007) has been translated into Spanish, Czech, Chinese, Icelandic, and French. It was optioned to be adapted as a feature film by director Nancy Savoca.
Longfellow's novel "Flow Down Like Silver, (Hypatia of Alexandria)" (Eio Books, 2009) is about the 4th/5th century mathematician and philosopher who lived in Egypt. It is the second volume in her trilogy on the Divine Feminine or Shakti. 
She rewrote the script for "Stinkfoot, a Comic Opera," to be staged in Britain, cutting it to two hours. Peter Moss will again serve as musical director. (At the same time she was working on her first nonfiction, a memoir of her married life called, "The Last Showboat, an Illustrated Memoir of Vivian Stanshall, the Old Profanity Showboat, & Stinkfoot, a Comic Opera".)
A "Stinkfoot Showcase" played the Thekla in Bristol, England on July 20, 21, 22nd, and 24th of 2010. This was a showcase of Stinkfoot's songs backed by a full band and selected cast members (including Nikki Lamborn and Vivian and Ki's daughter Silky Longfellow-Stanshall) plus Tony Slattery as narrator and singer. It attracted the attention of major press ("The Word" magazine, "Mojo" magazine, BBC London & BBC Bristol), and theatres like the Bristol Old Vic. She is seeking funding to restage the original work.
The concert has been adapted as a film, entitled "The Last Showboat," (in pre-production as of 2013) based on the history of the Old Profanity Showboat and the Stanshalls. 
Longfellow published a horror/psychological thriller, "Houdini Heart" (2011). In 2012 the Horror Writers Association announced that "Houdini Heart" was on the shortlist for the Bram Stoker Award for "Outstanding Achievement in a Novel", 2011.
In February 2012, Eio Books redesigned and reissued Longfellow's first published novel, "China Blues" which was optioned in the fall of 2013 as either a television series or a mini-series.
In early April 2013, Longfellow published her first three titles in a series of murder mysteries featuring Sam Russo, 1940s Staten Island, New York Private Eye. These are in the noir tradition.
In December of 2013, Longfellow published "Walks Away Woman", a book she had written in 2002 when she was living in Tucson, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="9718458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718458" title="Carol Meyrowitz">
Carol Meyrowitz

Carol Meyrowitz (age 59) is the president, Chief Executive Officer, and director of TJX Companies, the leading off-price retailer in the United States. As of 2014, she is listed as the 76th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".
History with TJX.
Meyrowitz joined TJX Companies in 1983. In 2001, she became Executive Vice President of the company, as well as the President of Marmaxx, the largest division of the company. She rose to Senior Executive Vice President in March 2004, which she maintained until January 2005. In January 2005, she left her positions and became an advisor for TJX and Berkshire Partners. Her plan was to leave the advisory role in September of that year to "pursue new opportunities and challenges" outside of TJX.
However, Meyrowitz became president on October 17, 2005; additionally, she became a member of the board of directors on September 7, 2006. She was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the company on January 28, 2007, replacing acting CEO Bernard Cammarata, the Chairman of the Board for TJX.
Media recognition.
In 2009, Forbes ranked her 24th in their list of the 100 Most Powerful Women. She ranked 26th on CNN's 50 Most Powerful Women in Business 2006. As of 2014, she is listed as the 76th most powerful woman in the world by "Forbes".

</doc>
<doc id="9718469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718469" title="Caixão Grande (football club)">
Caixão Grande (football club)

Caixão Grande is a football club that plays in the São Tomé Island League in São Tomé and Príncipe. The team is based in the village of Caixão Grande in the island of São Tomé. The team has won only one title which is also the ninth team ever to win their first title in 1996 as well as their insular title and the Taça Nacional de São Tomé e Principe.

</doc>
<doc id="9718474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718474" title="Kirtimukha">
Kirtimukha

Kirtimukha (Sanskrit ', mistakenly also ', a bahuvrihi compound translating to "glorious face") is the name of a swallowing fierce monster face with huge fangs, and gaping mouth, quite common in the iconography of Indian and Southeast Asian temple architecture. In Southeast Asia it is often referred to as Kala'" and in China it is known as "T'ao t'ieh" "(Monster of Greed)".
Origin and characteristics.
The word "mukha" in Sanskrit refers to the face while "kīrti" means "fame, glory".
Kirtimukha has its origin in a legend from the Skanda Purana when "Jalandhara", an all-devouring monster created from Shiva, third eye willingly ate his body starting by its tail as per Lord Shiva's order, who pleased with the result gave it the name "face of glory". Some authors have compared the Kirtimukha myth with the Greek myth of Ouroboros.
The Kirtimukha is often used as a decorative motif surmounting the pinnacle of a temple or the image of a deity, especially in South Indian architecture. This face is sometimes assimilated to, or confused with, another sculptural element, the lion face "(Simhamukha)". However, in order to be a Kirtimukha it has to be engaged in swallowing, for the Kirtimukha is the figure of the "all consuming"
This monstrous face with bulging eyes sits also as an embellishment over the lintel of the gate to the inner sanctum in many Hindu temples signifying the reabsorption that marks the entry into the temple. Mostly it is only a face, although in some places its arms are portrayed as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9718476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718476" title="Flagstaff Medical Center">
Flagstaff Medical Center

Flagstaff Medical Center is a major hospital and regional trauma center in Flagstaff, Arizona. The hospital was founded in 1936 by Dr. Charles Sechrist as "Flagstaff Hospital," with 25 beds, and was donated to the community of Flagstaff in 1955. It is located at 1200 N. Beaver St. on the north end of the city. Today, the hospital has a staff of 190 physicians and 270 inpatient beds.

</doc>
<doc id="9718531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718531" title="Association of American University Presses">
Association of American University Presses

The Association of American University Presses (or AAUP) is an association of mostly, but not exclusively, North American university presses. It is based in New York City.
The Association of American University Presses was officially established in 1937. However, two dozen of the original members of the AAUP regularly met, unofficially, as early as 1920. The publishers met to discuss problems facing university presses and problems until the group formally began meeting daily. The group believed that cooperative initiatives would benefit member institutions and subsequent presses. In 1928, thirteen university presses produced a cooperative catalog of sixty-five titles. Soon after, the group was placing cooperative ads with "The New York Times", publishing sales catalogs, and producing the first educational directory, a specialized direct-mailing list of American academics and librarians.
The 1932 Cheney Report encouraged joint activities among publishers facing economic difficulties and inspired a memo from In 1932 Donald Bean, the group's secretary and director of the University of Chicago Press, encouraged joint activities among publishers facing economic difficulties brought on by the Great Depression. Bean proposed for the group to formally incorporate. After a 1936 announcement of Farrar & Rheinhardt's plans to establish the United University Presses Inc. wholesaler (renamed, at the urging of the group, to "University Books Inc."), the group began formally forming under a new banner. In February 1937, the first officers of the Association of American University Presses were elected. The first annual meeting was held in Chicago in 1946. Membership continued to grow steadily, and the responding swell of activity led to the establishment of a central office in 1959. The Association was previously operated by volunteers. In 1964 the association founded a business subsidiary, American University Press Services, which supported additional AAUP services for the next two decades.
from 1920 to 1970, member institutions in the United States grew at a rate of about one per year. From 1970–1974, that rate doubled, with more than ten presses founded. The period of growth was honored by President Jimmy Carter in the summer of 1978. President Carter proclaimed the first University Press Week.
List of member presses.
According to the membership directory on the its website, the AAUP has 131 member presses as of 2013:

</doc>
<doc id="9718539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718539" title="Alexei Trupp">
Alexei Trupp

Aloise (Alexei) Yegorovich Trupp (, 1858 - July 16, 1918), was a footman of in the household of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia. Trupp was born in Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire (now Latvia). He was killed with the Romanov family at Ekaterinburg following the Russian Revolution of 1917.
Like the Romanovs and their other servants, Trupp was canonized as a martyr by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1991 as victims of Soviet oppression. Trupp himself was of the Roman Catholic faith and was not Russian Orthodox.

</doc>
<doc id="9718542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718542" title="MS Stena Superfast VIII">
MS Stena Superfast VIII

MS "Stena Superfast VIII" is a fast Ro-Pax ferry operated by Stena Line between Belfast and Cairnryan. The ship is owned by the Estonian ferry company Tallink and was built in 2001 by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW), Kiel, Germany for Attica Group's subsidiary Superfast Ferries, she was sold to her current owners in 2006.
In March 2006 Superfast sold their Baltic Sea operations to Tallink. Like her sisters, the Superfast VIII was moved from Finnish to Estonian registry, and her route changed to Hanko—Paldiski—Rostock from April 2006 onwards. The call at Paldiski proved to be impractical, an already in June of the same year the route reverted to Hanko — Rostock. Around this time the ship's hull marking where changed to "Superfast operated by Tallink". Although there were rumours that the ships would be moved under Silja Line's brand from January 2007 onwards, they were instead officially made a part of Tallink's fleet. At the same time their route changed to Tallinn—Helsinki—Rostock. Between 5 and 12 April 2007 the ship was used on the Helsinki—Tallinn route due to a delay in the delivery of the new MS "Star". After this she joined her sisters in the Rostock service.
In March 2011, Stena Line announced they will be chartering the "Superfast VIII" and sister ship "Superfast VII". The vessels now operate between Belfast and Cairnryan. February 2014, Stena have renewed the charter of these ships till Autumn 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="9718543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718543" title="Starship 1">
Starship 1

Starship 1 is an arcade game developed, manufactured, and released by Atari in 1976.
Gameplay.
The object of "Starship 1" is to destroy alien spacecraft while maneuvering through star and asteroid fields.
The game uses a first person perspective on a black-and-white monitor. The player's ship is controlled with a control yoke that is connected to two potentiometers. There is also a lever that controls whether the ship is moving "fast" or "slow". Compared to common arcade games of the time, "Starship 1" was comparatively advanced, but used quite a bit of analog technology that would become less common in arcade games in following years.
As enemies appear onscreen, the player tries to center the enemy in the crosshairs and shoot it with his "phasors" by pulling a trigger on the control yoke. Alternatively, the player has 5 "proton torpedoes" per game that can be fired by pressing a large white button on the dashboard. This will destroy any enemy ship on screen, regardless of whether it is in the crosshairs (which are painted directly on the screen).
The enemy ships are roughly patterned after ships from the "" and the title device from the 1967 episode "".
The player does not view the game monitor directly; the monitor is recessed in the cabinet, and the player views a reflected image of the monitor in a half-silvered mirror with a space background.
Legacy.
3500 units of the game were shipped. "Starship 1" was later ported to the Atari VCS by Bob Whitehead as "Star Ship".

</doc>
<doc id="9718557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718557" title="Mina Kubota">
Mina Kubota

Two notable works would be and which managed to hit the chart positions in Japan at #25 and #18 respectively. Both are opening theme songs for the anime adaptation of "Aria".

</doc>
<doc id="9718566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718566" title="Caixão Grande">
Caixão Grande

Caixão Grande is a town on São Tomé Island in the nation of São Tomé and Príncipe.
Sporting clubs.
Caixão Grande is also home to the only pro football club that plays in the São Tomé Island League
Caixão Grande has a church and a square ("praça"), it also has a nearby school.

</doc>
<doc id="9718582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718582" title="Nebraska Center for the Education of Children Who Are Blind or Visually Impaired">
Nebraska Center for the Education of Children Who Are Blind or Visually Impaired

The Nebraska Center for the Education of Children Who Are Blind or Visually Impaired (NCECBVI), is located in Nebraska City, Nebraska. It was founded in 1875 and serves children from infancy to age 21. NCECBVI's program offers the expertise and specialized skills of the center's staff to blind, visually impaired, and multi-handicapped students in residential, day, and outreach settings. Services are provided to local school districts, students, families, teachers, and other support staff, upon request.]
Residential services are offered at the Nebraska Center for the Education of Children Who Are Blind or Visually Impaired. Services are offered at the Center in order to provide intense training in specific skills related to the blind or visually impaired such as Braille, technology, orientation and mobility, and daily living skills. The duration of this service will vary due to the needs of the student, family and local education agency. The Center provides:
Education for academic, functional, and multi-disabilities students until age 21.
Intense training in specific skills.
Continuation of resident school academics.
Assessment and Evaluations.
Training for transition to resident school district.
The Center is a member of the Council of Schools for the Blind. 

</doc>
<doc id="9718583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718583" title="1990 Solheim Cup">
1990 Solheim Cup

The inaugural Solheim Cup competition took place in Orlando, Florida, USA at Lake Nona Golf & Country Club from November 16 to November 18, 1990. The United States team beat the European team 11½ points to 4½.
Teams.
Europe
Format.
A total of 16 points were available. Day 1 was four rounds of foursomes. Day 2 was six rounds of fourball matches. The final 8 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay. All eight golfers from each team played on each day.
Day one foursomes.
"Friday, November 16, 1990"
Day two fourball.
"Saturday, November 17, 1990"
Day three singles.
"Sunday, November 18, 1990"

</doc>
<doc id="9718585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718585" title="Aughnanure Castle">
Aughnanure Castle

Aughnanure Castle ("Caisleán Achadh na nlubhar" in Irish) is a tower house in Oughterard, County Galway, in Ireland.
History.
The castle was built by the O'Flahertys in the 16th century, one of Connacht's most notable lord families. Aughnanure is one of over 200 tower houses in County Galway, constructed mainly by Gaelic and Anglo-Norman land owning families. The tower lies close to the shores of Lough Corrib, and translates to "the field of the yews" in Irish ("Achadh na nlubhar").
The castle was controlled by the O'Flaherty chieftains until 1572, when it was captured by Sir Edward Fitton, President of Connaught, and granted to a junior member of the clan who had been enticed over to the Crown. It was used to blockade Galway during the Cromwellian invasion. Soon after, it was granted to the Earl of Clanrickard, and then reclaimed by the O'Flahertys. It later fell into the hands of Lord St George as the foreclosure of a mortgage. It is now managed by Dúchas, the Irish State body responsible for national monuments and historic properties.

</doc>
<doc id="9718598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718598" title="Gulf Building">
Gulf Building

There are many buildings called the Gulf Building. Among them:
Formerly named Gulf Building

</doc>
<doc id="9718600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718600" title="Idiosepius thailandicus">
Idiosepius thailandicus

Idiosepius thailandicus is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific waters off Thailand. 
Females grow to 10 mm in mantle length (ML), while males are not known to exceed 7 mm ML.
The type specimen was collected in the Gulf of Thailand and is deposited at the Marine Fisheries Division in Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="9718633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718633" title="Robert Sheehan">
Robert Sheehan

Robert Michael Sheehan; (; born 7 January 1988) is an Irish actor. He is best known for television roles such as Nathan Young in "Misfits" and Darren in "Love/Hate", as well as the 2009 film "Cherrybomb" alongside Rupert Grint. He has also co-starred in the film "Killing Bono", alongside Ben Barnes, as Ivan McCormick. He recently starred in John Crowley's production of J. M. Synge's comic play "The Playboy of the Western World" at the Old Vic Theatre, London, which finished in November 2011.
He has three IFTA nominations and one BAFTA nomination. He also shared a BAFTA award with the cast of "Misfits".
In 2013 he portrayed Simon Lewis in of The Mortal Instruments book "City of Bones".
Early life.
Sheehan was born in County Laois, Ireland, the son of Maria and Joe Sheehan, who was a garda. He was born Robert Michael Sheehan, and added Adam as his confirmation name, becoming known as Robert Michael Adam Sheehan. He is the youngest of three children. He played the banjo, the bodhrán, and the spoons at school, having joked that he was like "Footloose with spoons", and participated in Fleadh Cheoil while at school. He first became interested in acting in primary school, in St. Paul's in Portlaoise, when he played Oliver in "Oliver with a Twist". Robert first considered acting when his mother took him to an audition for Song for a Raggy Boy when he was fourteen. He was chosen for the film, which was shot for three months in West Cork. He stated that he still keeps in touch with some of the boys from the film, and described filming as an adventure. When he was sixteen, he played the crippled boy in Cripple of Innishmaan with Open Door productions, and said afterwards that there is nothing like good theatre.
He studied for a year at Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology at the age of 17, but left his course of Film and TV studies after a year as he failed and did not return for the repeats, deciding that life behind the camera was not for him. He has been quoted as saying, "I'm not sure if I want to be an actor. I want to go to college but not to study acting. But I'd like to do it to see where it takes me, so I'll keep at it. I never really made any plans of any sort. As long as I can keep getting a few jobs, I will be grateful. It is great fun and wonderfully rewarding for a young fella. I will continue as long as I keep getting work."
He has said that his parents were "wonderfully supportive", and that his mother was "virtually his manager" in the early days of career, as well as his "chauffeur", driving him to and from auditions and film sets.
Career.
Since then he has appeared in a number of feature films including "A Dublin Story", "Ghostwood", "An Créatúr", "Summer of the Flying Saucer" and "Season of the Witch". On television, he appeared in 15 episodes of "Foreign Exchange" (Magma Film/9 Network Australia) as Cormac MacNamara and in all 13 episodes of "Young Blades" (Insight/PAX TV) as Louis XIV of France. More recently, Robert has appeared in "The Clinic" (Parallel Films/RTÉ), "Bel's Boys" (ITV) and in Season 2 of "The Tudors" (Showtime/BBC).
In March and April 2008, he appeared in the leading role of Addison Teller in the short-lived series "Rock Rivals" produced by Shed Productions for ITV. In July 2008, he appeared in the role of Liam in "Bitter Sweet", a two-part RTÉ comedy drama directed by Declan Eames.
In March 2009, he appeared in the role of BJ in the dark Channel 4 trilogy, "Red Riding". The TV adaptation of David Peace's cult noir novels was set in Yorkshire during the 1970s and 1980s; he appeared in all three episodes alongside Sean Bean, David Morrissey, Andrew Garfield, Peter Mullan, Maxine Peake and Paddy Considine. He starred as one of the lead characters in the UK drama film "Cherrybomb" (released in 2009), set in Belfast along with Rupert Grint. The film depicts the events of a weekend during which two best friends, Malachy (Grint) and Luke (Sheehan) go to extreme and dangerous lengths in the battle for a girl's affections. From 2009 to 2010, he starred as a young offender named Nathan Young in the first two series of the E4 drama "Misfits" which follows the tales of five young adults on community service for petty crimes who find that they have superpowers after a powerful lightning storm strikes them.
In 2010, he was nominated for an IFTA award in the Rising Star category. He was chosen to redo the voice of Ray in "", originally voiced by Anthony Anderson. In October 2010, he was offered the part of Darren, a member of gangland Dublin in the four-part drama "Love/Hate" on RTÉ One (Irish national television). Sheehan received a call from his agent, Rose Parkinson, who told him he'd been offered the part in a TV drama directed by David Caffrey. The Portlaoise actor said he would do it, and didn't care what it was about, delighted to be involved in a drama which is directed by David Caffrey, someone he greatly admired. He stated he was "chuffed he had heard of and had seen [him in the Red Riding Trilogy." Sheehan is set for the lead role in the British-Italian natural thriller film "Bleak Sea".
Sheehan played Kay in the 2011 US fantasy thriller, "Season of the Witch". In April 2011 it was announced that Robert Sheehan would not be returning to "Misfits" for season three. In May 2011 he was nominated for a BAFTA in the "Male Supporting Actor" category for his role in "Misfits" as Nathan Young.
In June 2011 it was announced Sheehan was to star in John Crowley's production of J. M. Synge's comic "The Playboy of the Western World". The performance ran from 17 September to 26 November 2011 at the Old Vic Theatre. It also starred Ruth Negga and Niamh Cusack. In October 2011, Sheehan starred in Arjun Rose's "Demons Never Die". Sheehan appeared in the second season of the BBC crime drama series "Accused".
In 2011, he was involved in a trailer for "Bleak Sea", a film trailer made specifically for a trailer competition, which is not set to be expanded into a feature length film. Robert is expected to star in the film, but his involvement is not confirmed.
He is rumoured to star in upcoming feature "In Between The Waves", alongside Tom Felton, and is set to appear in "Wayfaring Strangers", alongside Cillian Murphy. He also has a part in "Romeo and Brittney", written and directed by comedian David Baddiel. The film is a comical parody of "Romeo and Juliet". Sheehan is set to play Romeo, alongside Karen Gillan, and the film was completed in summer 2012. He played Simon Lewis in the film "City of Bones" which was released on 21 August 2013.
In January 2013, he was the leading actor of the Duologue's videoclip of their single "Push it". In 2013 he was honoured by University College Dublin's Literary and Historical society.

</doc>
<doc id="9718643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718643" title="Ignatius Abded Aloho II">
Ignatius Abded Aloho II

Mor Ignatios 'Abded-Aloho II Sattuf (1833–1915) was the 118th Syriac Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch from 1906 to his death in 1915.
Birth and ordinations.
Patriarch 'Abded-Aloho II Sattuf (Abd Allah II in Arabic) was born in Sadad, he became a monk at an early age, and later was ordained priest. In 1870, he visited the area of Tur 'Abdin and recorded the names of villages, monasteries, churches, clergy and the families living in the area. 
He was appointed bishop of Jerusalem in 1872 by Patriarch Peter IV and he accompanied the Patriarch to England and India from 1874 to 1877. After the return, he stayed for two more years before going back to London where he secured a printing press for Deir al-Za`faran. 
After his return, `Abded-Aloho served as the bishop of Syria and then of Amid. He paid a second visit to London, during which he attended sessions of the 1888 Lambeth Conference, and secured a second printing press. 
The Patriarch received a medal from King Edward VIII, and two medals from the Ottoman sultan.
Church histrorian Adrian Fortescue who visited Turkey had written in his world famous book 'The lesser eastern churches'(page 339 and 340) that Patriarch Abdullah joined Syrian catholic church in 1896 and returned to his mother church in 1905 on a promise of Patriarchal throne when it become vacant.He also wrote that Mar Abdullah totally paid 500 Turkish currency to become patriarch.
Patriarchal consecration.
After the deposition of Patriarch 'Abded-Mshiho II (`Abdul Masih) in 1903, 'Abded-Aloho was selected and consecrated Patriarch in 1906. Shortly after consecration, he visited London for the third time as an apostolic visit en route to India. In England, he met twice with King Edward VII. In India, he established the Knanaya Diocese.
Death.
After coming back from India, he lived in Dayro d-Mor Marqos till his death in 1915 and was buried there. 

</doc>
<doc id="9718646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718646" title="All Quiet on the Western Front (1979 film)">
All Quiet on the Western Front (1979 film)

All Quiet on the Western Front is a television film produced by ITC Entertainment, released on November 14, 1979, starring actors Richard Thomas of "The Waltons" fame as Paul Baumer, and Ernest Borgnine as Katczinsky. It is based on the book of the same title by Erich Maria Remarque. 
The 1979 film was directed by Delbert Mann; though the acting of some of the performers was praised, the general opinion of most film fans is it failed to equal the 1930 film directed by Lewis Milestone. Nevertheless, the film has its share of tension and death, and in the spirit of the novel, manages to convey a sense of desolation, hardship and waste. Late in the film, the turmoil and wretchedness of the main character, Paul Baumer, is manifested in his extreme disassociation while home on furlough.
Most of the filming was done in Czechoslovakia. 
Plot summary.
The film follows Paul Baumer, who during World War I enlists in the Imperial German Army with many of his high school friends, after being indoctrinated by their teacher (Donald Pleasence) as to the glory and superiority of German culture. After surviving training camp under the brutal Corporal Himmelstoss (Ian Holm), the young men board a troop train bound for the front lines. Ominously, at the same moment, they notice another train arriving in town loaded with wounded returning soldiers, who are carried off on stretchers. Once at the front lines, they are placed under the supervision of Stanislaus "Kat" Katzinsky, (Ernest Borgnine). Kat teaches them how to best take cover, how to find extra food, and other survival skills. 
At the beginning, the French and German armies are shown attacking each other repeatedly over a few hundred yards of torn, corpse-strewn land. Paul's friend Franz Kemmerich is wounded, and soon dies in a crowded army hospital attended by nuns. Paul returns to the trenches with his troop, distraught by his friend's death. 
When a French soldier falls into a crater Paul is hiding in, Paul stabs the man in the stomach with his bayonet, and Paul is forced to spend the night with him. Paul tries to bandage the dying soldier's wounds, but he dies anyway. Paul escapes the crater, stricken with guilt. Another comrade, after falling into a pit of poison gas, is carried off by the medics to a slow, painful death; the medics had appeared before Kat could put him out of his misery.
When Paul and his battalion return to a French town for a rest week, they see the new recruits have grown younger and younger. To their delight, the leader of these new recruits is their recently demoted training officer, Himmelstoss. When Himmelstoss tries to make them obey him, they stand up to him. Later in the trenches, while the Germans are launching an offensive attack, he sees a squad cowering in a crater, which includes Himmelstoss. Paul pushes Himmelstoss to force him to keep on the offensive.
Although at one point, Paul and two of his friends do have their first sexual experience with some accommodating French peasant girls, the vast majority of all the young men's experiences are horrific. One by one, practically all of Paul's other schoolmate friends die, one way or another. A haughty, stiff Kaiser Wilhelm II visits their camp to ceremoniously pin medals on heroic soldiers, which includes Himmelstoss. 
Paul's squad are bombed in a French town close to the front, where one of his friends dies and another is severely wounded. Paul, who is also wounded, is granted leave. When home on leave, Paul is told by his sister that their mother (Patricia Neal), is dying of cancer. In visits to a beer garden and his former classroom, Paul realises that his town's older men, in their enthusiasm for war, have no sense of the horrors they have sent their youth to. He also visits Kemmerich's mother and lies to her that he did not suffer. Just before the end of the film, Kat is wounded by an artillery burst and Paul carries him many miles to a field hospital. There he finds out that Kat is dead.
The film ends with Paul writing a letter to his friend, the sole survivor of their class, who is now an amputee. He spots a bird and begins to sketch it, and when the bird starts to fly away Paul stands up to see where it went, exposing himself above the trench parapet. A lone sniper's shot rings out, killing him. A telegram with the film's title is shown to the viewer, revealing a segment from a report issued by the German High Command, only weeks before the war's end.
Reception.
The film won a Golden Globe Award in the category Best Motion Picture Made for TV as well as an Emmy Award for Outstanding Film Editing for a Limited Series or a Special.
Theatrical and home video releases.
The original 150 minute US TV version, after being edited by 20 minutes, received a limited European theatrical release. The resulting 129 minute version is the one subsequently released to VHS video and DVD worldwide. The 2009 UK Blu-ray release features the original, unedited version.

</doc>
<doc id="9718663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718663" title="Guzów, Szydłowiec County">
Guzów, Szydłowiec County

Guzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Orońsko, north-east of Szydłowiec, and south of Warsaw.
The Battle of Guzów took place there in 1607.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9718669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718669" title="2007 Tirreno–Adriatico">
2007 Tirreno–Adriatico

The 2007 Tirreno–Adriatico cycle race took place from March 14 to March 20. The event was won by German Andreas Klöden of the , who combined good time-trialling and climbing skills to take the race lead on the penultimate stage.
Final standings.
Team classification.
The following UCI ProTour and UCI Professional Continental teams were named to the 2007 Tirreno–Adriatico:

</doc>
<doc id="9718678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718678" title="Ivan Kharitonov">
Ivan Kharitonov

Ivan Mikhailovich Kharitonov (; 1872 - July 17, 1918, was a cook at the court of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia. He followed the Romanov family into internal exile following the Russian Revolution of 1917 and was executed with them by the Bolsheviks on July 17, 1918 at Ekaterinburg.
Like the Romanovs, Kharitonov was canonized as a passion-bearer of alleged Soviet oppression by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1981.
Kharitonov's wife and daughter followed him into exile at Tobolsk but did not join him when the Bolsheviks moved the prisoners to Ekaterinburg in the spring of 1918.
Kharitonov's grandson attended the funeral held on July 17, 1998 in Peter and Paul Cathedral in Saint Petersburg for his grandfather, the Romanovs, their servants (Anna Demidova and Alexei Trupp), and the other victims who were murdered eighty years before.

</doc>
<doc id="9718700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718700" title="Tecaxic-Calixtlahuaca head">
Tecaxic-Calixtlahuaca head

The Tecaxic-Calixtlahuaca head is a terracotta head, probably originally part of a larger figurine, discovered in 1933 among pre-Columbian or just post-Columbian grave goods in the Tecaxic-Calixtlahuaca zone in the Toluca Valley, approximately 65 kilometers southwest of Mexico City.
Because the head appears to be similar in style to artifacts of Roman origin, some believe that it is evidence of pre-Columbian trans-oceanic contact between Rome and the Americas, a view strongly promoted by the Meso-American archaeology specialist Romeo H. Hristov. However, several other explanations for its presence have been put forward.
Find.
The object was discovered by archaeologist José García Payón during an excavation in 1933. It was a grave offering, found under three intact floors of a pyramidal structure. Along with the head were found a number of objects made of gold, copper, turquoise, rock crystal, jet, bone, shell and pottery. The burial was dated to between 1476 and 1510 AD. Payón did not publish information about the head itself until 1960.
Evidence for Roman manufacture.
An assessment of the case was made in 2001 by Romeo H. Hristov of University of New Mexico and Santiago Genovés T. of National Autonomous University of Mexico.
A thermoluminescence test performed in 1995 by P. Schaaf and G.A. Wagner in the FS Archäometrie unit in Heidelberg, Germany, established its age range to somewhere between the 9th century BC and the middle of the 13th century AD, confirming its pre-colonial provenance. However, Schaaf and Wagner have objected to the way the dates were described by Hristov and Genoves.
Bernard Andreae of the German Institute of Archaeology in Rome, Italy, who examined photographs of the artifact, stated that he believed that it was Roman and proposed the 2nd century AD as its date of origin, based on the hairstyle and the beard.
Hypotheses.
Researchers who have analyzed the artifact have come up with several possible explanations for the object's presence at the site:

</doc>
<doc id="9718727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718727" title="National American Bank Building">
National American Bank Building

National American Bank Building, located at 200 Carondelet Street in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is a 23-story, -tall skyscraper. It is recognized for its golden Art Deco spire, and from a distance, appears to contrast with the tower of the Hibernia bank building.
In the early 2000s it was renovated and repurposed as an apartment building, renamed "200 Carondelet".

</doc>
<doc id="9718728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718728" title="Jeffrey Gettleman">
Jeffrey Gettleman

Jeffrey A. Gettleman (born 1971) is an American journalist. Since 2006, he has been the East Africa Bureau Chief for "The New York Times".
Background.
Personal life.
Jeffrey was born in 1971, the son of Robert William Gettleman (b. 1943), a judge of the United State District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, and Joyce R. Gettleman, a psychotherapist with a private practice in Evanston. Gettleman's sister Lynn Gettleman Chehab is a physician.
Gettleman is married to Courtenay Morris, a former assistant public defender who is now a web producer for the "Times". The couple first met while both were attending Cornell University. The wedding was held on October 29, 2005 at their home in Hoboken, New Jersey, with Gettleman's father officiating at the ceremony.
Education.
Gettleman graduated from Evanston Township High School in 1989, and Cornell University in 1994 with a B.A. in Philosophy. Initially, he did not know what he wanted to do after graduation, so took a leave of absence to back pack around the world which he says help set his life trajectory. However, when a professor suggested journalism as a profession, he scoffed at the idea, saying "That was the dumbest idea I had heard... who wants to work for a boring newspaper?”. Beginning in 1994, he was a communications officer for the Save the Children organization in Addis Ababa.
After his graduation from Cornell, Gettleman received a Marshall Scholarship to attend Oxford University, where he received a Masters degree in Philosophy in June 1996. While at Oxford, he was the first American editor of "Cherwell", the university's student newspaper. 
Career.
Gettleman began his journalism career as a city hall and police reporter for the "St. Petersburg Times" from 1997–1998. In 1999, he transferred to the "Los Angeles Times" as a general assignment reporter. He became bureau chief in Atlanta two years later, and was also a war correspondent for the broadsheet in Afghanistan and the Middle East.
In 2002, Gettleman joined "The New York Times" as a domestic correspondent in Atlanta, where he later became the bureau chief. He reported from Iraq beginning in 2003, where he did a total of five tours. After a stint as a reporter for the paper's Metro desk in 2004, he became a foreign correspondent in July 2006 for the Nairobi-based East Africa bureau of The New York Times. Only a month later, he would be named chief.
Currently, Gettleman covers over ten countries, often under difficult circumstances. He has focused the majority of his work on events in Congo, Kenya and Tanzania in East-Central Africa, where he has reported on atrocities involving rape, mutilation as well as ritualized murders of albinos, among other issues. His often straightforward, non-cynical approach toward such difficult stories has been colloquially dubbed the "Gettleman method" by Jack Shafer.
Gettleman has also covered conflicts in Sudan, Ethiopia, Somalia, Egypt and Yemen. In the 2004 spring, he along with photographer Lynsey Addario were abducted for several hours by militants in Fallujah. According to Gettleman, the pair were eventually released because he had successfully posed as Greek and concealed his passport in Addario's trousers, where he had guessed his captors would not search.
In addition, Gettleman has served as a commentator on CNN, BBC, PBS, NPR and ABC.

</doc>
<doc id="9718733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718733" title="Arlington Municipal Airport (Texas)">
Arlington Municipal Airport (Texas)

Arlington Municipal Airport is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) south of the central business district of Arlington, a city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. The airport is at the intersection of Interstate 20 and South Collins Road. This airport is publicly owned by City of Arlington and serves as a reliever airport for Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and Dallas Love Field.
Arlington Municipal is currently used for general aviation purposes. Several companies operate aircraft services on the airport property, including the Bell Helicopter division of Textron.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned GKY by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft.
Arlington Municipal Airport covers an area of at an elevation of 628 feet (191 m) above mean sea level. Its one runway is designated 16/34 and has a concrete surface measuring 6,080 by 100 feet (1,853 x 30 m).
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2006, the airport had 151,600 aircraft operations, an average of 415 per day: 97% general aviation, 3% air taxi and <1% military. At that time there were 250 aircraft based at this airport: 70% single-engine, 22% multi-engine, 6% helicopter and 2% jet.

</doc>
<doc id="9718739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718739" title="Niederkirchen bei Deidesheim">
Niederkirchen bei Deidesheim

Niederkirchen is an "Ortsgemeinde" – a municipality belonging to a "Verbandsgemeinde", a kind of collective municipality – in the Bad Dürkheim district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Its population is roughly 2,400.
Geography.
Location.
Niederkirchen lies 2 km east of Deidesheim. The municipality belongs to the "Verbandsgemeinde" of Deidesheim, whose seat is in the like-named town.
History.
In 699, Niederkirchen had its first documentary mention as "Didinnes-chaime" in a document from the Weißenburg Monastery in what is now Wissembourg in Alsace, France. The first documentary proof of winegrowing in the vicinity stems from a document from Fulda Abbey, dated to 770. With the building of the Romanesque church with its striking tower, begun in 1060 and still standing today, Niederkirchen acquired its landmark. In the course of the 11th century, the village passed into the ownership of the Prince-Bishops of Speyer. It is believed that in the 13th century, the current Deidesheim split away from the municipality, whereafter the municipality’s name changed first to "Unterdeidesheim" and then "Niederdeidesheim" (both meaning “Lower Deidesheim”), later settling on Niederkirchen. Its location in the heart of Europe time and again brought Niederkirchen misfortune in wars. Thus it was in the Thirty Years' War, as a result of which the village almost died out. With the annexation of the lands on the Rhine’s left bank by French militia in 1794, Niederkirchen became part of the French Republic, and in 1798 it was assigned to the Department of Mont-Tonnerre (or Donnersberg in German). From 1815 to 1935 the municipality belonged to Bavaria and was then part of the Gau of Saarpfalz in National Socialist times. As of 1940, this became the Gau Westmark, which included parts of Alsace-Lorraine. Since 1946, Niederkirchen has been part of the then newly formed state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
Religion.
In 2007, 70% of the inhabitants were Catholic and 17.1% Evangelical. The rest belonged to other faiths or adhered to none.
Politics.
Municipal council.
The municipal election held on 7 June 2009 yielded the following results:
Mayors.
The Mayor of Niederkirchen is Josef Seckinger (CDU), who at the municipal election held on 7 June 2009 beat his challenger from the FWG, Hans Stähly, in a direct vote, winning 68.4% of the total. Seckinger succeeded Helmut Kähs (CDU).
Coat of arms.
The German blazon reads: "In Rot ein schwebendes angetatztes goldenes Kreuz, oben links und unten rechts bewinkelt von je einem sechsstrahligen silbernen Stern."
The municipality’s arms might in English heraldic language be described thus: Gules a cross pattée humetty Or between two mullets argent, one each in sinister chief and dexter base.
The arms were approved in 1927 by the Bavarian State Ministry of the Interior and go back to the arms borne by Deidesheim, from which Niederkirchen originally split. To distinguish the two coats, the tinctures and the arrangement of the mullets (star shapes) were altered.
An earlier seal showed two crossed swords and a star. Yet another coat of arms, used by Niederkirchen in the 19th century, was the same as the one still used today except that the cross was azure (blue) instead of Or (gold). Upon the official granting of the arms on 27 December 1927, the cross’s tincture was changed because it was “not heraldically correct”.
Culture and sightseeing.
Buildings.
The Catholic Saint Martin’s Parish Church ("Pfarrkirche St. Martin") is one of the Palatinate’s oldest Christian building monuments. The church had its first documentary mention in 1235. Building features, however, lead to the conclusion that its striking Romanesque crossing tower has its beginnings in the latter half of the 11th century. The church’s quire is believed to have come from the time about 1300, while the nave was built onto the church in 1955 and 1956. The crossing tower originally also fulfilled the function of a sanctuary, making it a sanctuary tower, a widely found building type in mediaeval country churches.
As one of the few preserved 11th-century churches in the Palatinate and because of its immediate proximity to the stylistically similar Limburg Monastery church near Bad Dürkheim and to Speyer Cathedral, the Niederkirchen parish church is of special importance to art history.
Sport.
Surely the greatest success for a team from the Province was scored by the women’s football team from TuS Niederkirchen, the local gymnastic and sport club, when they won the German championship in 1993.
Regular events.
On the last weekend in June, the "Fest um den Wein" (“Festival About Wine”) is held in Niederkirchen which, as the name suggests, is a wine festival. At this time, local winemaking businesses run temporary wine bars round the village square.

</doc>
<doc id="9718754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718754" title="Museum of Northern Arizona">
Museum of Northern Arizona

The Museum of Northern Arizona is a museum in Flagstaff, Arizona, USA, that was established as a repository for Native American artifacts and natural history specimens from the Colorado Plateau.
The museum was founded in 1928 by zoologist Dr. Harold S. Colton and artist Mary-Russell Ferrell Colton from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and is dedicated to preserving the history and cultures of northern Arizona.
The museum is a member of the North American Reciprocal Museums program.
Hours of Operation: Monday-Saturday from 10:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m. and Sunday from 12:00 p.m.-5:00 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="9718758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718758" title="Downtown Baltimore">
Downtown Baltimore

Downtown Baltimore is the section of Baltimore traditionally bounded by Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard to the west, Mt. Royal Avenue to the north, President Street to the east and the Inner Harbor area to the south. It consists of five neighborhoods: Westside, Mount Vernon, City Centre, Inner Harbor, and Camden Yards. It is the focal point of business in the Baltimore metropolitan area with over 100,000 employees. It has also increasingly become a heavily populated neighborhood with over 37,000 residents and new condominiums and apartment homes being built steadily.
Geography.
City Centre is the historic financial district in Baltimore that has increasingly shifted eastward. Hundreds of businesses are found here, and it remains the center of life in Baltimore. City Centre is also home to the majority of Baltimore's skyscrapers (including the massive Charles Centre district) as well as most of the planned, proposed and/or approved skyscrapers in Baltimore City. It includes the historic Charles Street corridor.
The Inner Harbor is the chief commercial and tourist destination in Baltimore, The Inner Harbor features a large number of restaurants, hotels, retail areas (such as Harborplace), and entertainment (such as Power Plant Live!). It was named by "National Geographic" as one of the best summer trips in 2012 (along with all of Baltimore in general).
Westside Baltimore is the western portion of downtown Baltimore that includes Market Center and many of the newest developments in downtown Baltimore. It has increasingly become the preferred residential section of downtown. It is also home to the site of the "Superblock" project that will include hundreds of condos and apartments as well as a variety of retail and commercial space. The former home of Baltimore's many and famed department stores, Westside Baltimore is now anchored by the University of Maryland, Baltimore consisting of the University of Maryland Health System, University of Maryland School of Law and the University of Maryland Biopark. The Westside is also home to several performing arts centers, including the Hippodrome Theatre, 1st Mariner Arena and the future home of the Everyman Theatre. 
Mount Vernon, also known as the cultural district, is a high-density area known for its attractive nightlife, buoyed by its large amount of bars, clubs and lounges and its historic multi-story townhomes (most of which have been transformed into apartments) and traditional apartment buildings. Mount Vernon features the Joseph Meyerhoff Symphony Hall, home of the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra, as well as the Lyric Opera House. The world-renowned Peabody Institute is also located in Mount Vernon. To the very north is Penn Station, which offers Amtrak service to several U.S. major cities as well as MARC service to Washington, D.C.
Downtown Baltimore also contains Camden Yards, which includes the well-known home of the Baltimore Orioles, Oriole Park at Camden Yards, and M&T Bank Stadium, home of the Baltimore Ravens. Many residential and commercial proposals have also been made for this area.
History.
Downtown Baltimore has been the center of city life since Baltimore was chartered in 1796.
The Pratt Street Power Plant was built in 1900. In 1904, downtown Baltimore was almost destroyed by a huge fire with damages estimated at $150 million. In 1973, Vice President Spiro Agnew resigned from the vice-presidency in the Garmatz Federal Office Building at Charles Centre.
The 2012 St. Patrick's Day beating occurred on March 17, 2012 (St. Patrick's Day) in Downtown.
Transportation.
Downtown Baltimore offers many options for transportation, including subway, light rail, bus service, MARC Train service through Penn Station and Camden Station as well as access to I-83, I-695, I-95, 295, and 395.

</doc>
<doc id="9718797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718797" title="Pedro Félix Vicuña">
Pedro Félix Vicuña

Pedro Félix Vicuña Aguirre (February 21, 1805, Santiago, Chile—May 24, 1874, Santiago) was a Chilean journalist and one of the founders in 1827 of the newspaper "El Mercurio de Valparaíso", the oldest existing newspaper in Spanish language. He was also a liberal writer and politician.
Early life.
Vicuña was born in Santiago, the son of Francisco Ramón Vicuña and of Mariana de Aguirre y Boza. Vicuña's father served two brief terms as acting president of Chile in 1829, and was widely considered as the head of the Liberal party. Pedro Félix Vicuña received an excellent education, studying humanities and commerce. From a young age he showed an interest in letters, and particularly in journalism. In 1825, at the age of 20, he moved from Santiago to Valparaíso, where he bought a printing press and began publishing "El Telégrafo Mercantil y Político". This periodical was founded October 3, 1826, and 89 issues were published. In 1826, he married Carmen Mackenna, daughter of Brigadier Juan Mackenna, and they had thirteen children.
In 1827, at the age of 21, he founded the newspaper "El Mercurio de Valparaíso", together with typographers Thomas Wells and Ignacio Silva. The first issue appeared September 12, 1827. Initially it was published only on Wednesdays and Saturdays, but in 1829 it became a daily. That same year, Vicuña sold his interest in the newspaper and moved back to Santiago (this was also the year that his father happened to serve as president of Chile.)
Back in the capital, he worked as editor for the newspaper "La Ley y la Justicia". He also participated in "El Censor" (1830) and the magazine "Paz Perpetua a los Chilenos" (1836). As the result of ideas he expressed in "Paz perpetua", he gained the enmity of Conservative Interior Minister Diego Portales. Vicuña Aguirre was considered a liberal and a revolutionary.
Political career.
In 1831 Vicuña was elected deputy from La Serena, but his election was annulled by the Chamber of Deputies, dominated by the Conservatives. The same year his son Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna, a future journalist and historian, was born to him and his wife. Disillusioned, he returned to rural life. In 1840 he supported the candidacy of Francisco Antonio Pinto, also a Liberal, and opposed Manuel Bulnes.
In 1842 he published "El Observador", and in 1845 "El Republicano", both of which supported the candidacy of liberal general Ramón Freire. As a result, he was exiled, and went to Peru. In Peru he wrote the book "Ocho meses de destierro o cartas sobre el Perú" (Eight Months of Exile, or Letters About Peru). It was published in 1847 after his return to Chile.
He aided the revolutionaries of 1851, and was named "intendente" of Concepción during the armed rebellion. He fought government troops in the Battle of Loncomilla (December 8, 1815). Although he was defeated, he refused to sign the Treaty of Purapel, which ended the civil war.
In 1852 he wrote "El porvenir del hombre" (The Future of Man), considered his greatest work. In 1853 he published another autobiographical work, "Memorias Íntimas". He was again elected to the Chamber of Deputies, for La Serena in 1864 and for Ovalle in 1867. He supported three important reform projects — reform of the constitution, creation of a national bank, and organization of a mining tribunal. In his 1867 term he introduced a bill to end imprisonment for debt, which was passed by the Congress. In 1870 he was elected senator for the first of two terms. He died in 1874 in Santiago.

</doc>
<doc id="9718804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718804" title="University of Ottawa Press">
University of Ottawa Press

The University of Ottawa Press () is a bilingual university press located in Ottawa, Ontario. It publishes approximately 25-30 books annually in both English and French. The UOP is the only fully bilingual university publishing house in Canada. 
Like other university presses, the publishing program at the "University of Ottawa Press" includes scholarly works, textbooks and, on occasion, books of general interest. While the UOP publishes volumes on a broad variety of subjects, it specializes in four main subject areas: social and cultural studies, translation and interpretation, political and international affairs, and literature and the arts.
History.
In 1930, professors from the faculty of philosophy and theology at the University of Ottawa decided to publish a periodical that would “favour the development of higher culture.” The first edition, titled "La revue de l’Université d’Ottawa", appeared in January 1931.
The 1930s brought about a rapid increase in scholarly output from professors, who are frequently pressured to "publish or perish." As a result, the University of Ottawa decided that other avenues for publishing were required to help its professors disseminate their research. To meet this need, the University created "Les Éditions de l’Université d’Ottawa" in the fall of 1936, the first francophone university press in Canada.
The UOP’s first volume appeared in 1937: "Pierre Le Moyne, Sieur d’Iberville" by Father Louis LeJeune. During the next 8 years, "Les Éditions" published 51 books. The first English title, "Ottawa, Old and New" by Lucien Brault, a history professor, was published in 1946. Forty years later, "Les Éditions de l’Université d’Ottawa" became the "University of Ottawa Press (Les Presses de l’Université d’Ottawa)".
Since its founding, the UOP has published over 750 titles, of which some 400 are still in print. 
External links.
University of Ottawa Press
University of Ottawa Press on Twitter

</doc>
<doc id="9718815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718815" title="West Rhine Railway">
West Rhine Railway

The West Rhine railway (German: "Linke Rheinstrecke", literally 'left (bank of the) Rhine route') is a famously picturesque, double-track electrified railway line running for 185 km from Cologne via Bonn, Koblenz, and Bingen to Mainz. It is situated close to the western (left) bank of the river Rhine and mostly aligned to allow 160 km/h operation between Cologne and Koblenz and between Bingen and Mainz. Line speed between Koblenz and Bingen is restricted by the meandering nature of the Rhine.
History.
The first section of the line opened on 15 February 1844, by the Bonn–Cologne Railway Company ("Bonn-Cölner Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft") between the former station of Cologne St. Pantaleon Cologne and Bonn. It was extended on 21 January 1856, south to Rolandseck station and in 1859 north to the Cologne central station.
After the takeover by the Rhenish Railway Company ("Rheinische Eisenbahn Gesellschaft", RhE) on 1 January 1857 the line was extended in 1858 through Remagen and Andernach and crossed the Moselle to Koblenz via the Moselle railway bridge, opened on 11 November 1858. The particularly beautiful section of the line between Koblenz and Bingerbrück (now called Bingen Hbf), which runs close to the river through this winding section of the Rhine Valley was opened on 15 December 1859. Bingerbrück station was at the time on the border of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Grand Duchy of Hesse. Here it connected with the Rhine-Main line of the Hessian Ludwig Railway ("Hessische Ludwigsbahn"), opened on 17 October 1859, from Mainz and the Nahe Valley Railway to Saarbrücken.
In Koblenz, the Pfaffendorf Bridge over the Rhine was completed in 1864 to connect to the Right Rhine line to Niederlahnstein and Wiesbaden. With the construction of the Horchheim Bridge south of Koblenz, opened in 1879, and the Urmitz Bridge north of Koblenz, opened in 1918, this bridge was progressively given over to pedestrian, vehicular and, eventually, tram traffic and the last train used it at the outbreak of World War I in August 1914.
From 1861 the Nassau State Railways established a train ferry between Bingen and Rüdesheim am Rhein; this was converted to a passenger ferry in 1900. From 1870 to 1914 another train ferry operated between Bonn and Oberkassel to transfer trains between the West Rhine line and the East Rhine railway.
During the First World War three strategic Rhine crossing was built at the request of the German generals in order to bring troops and war materials to the Western Front. The Bingen–Rüdesheim ferry was replaced by the Hindenburg Bridge, built between 1913 and 1915 and connecting the East Rhine line with the West Rhine railway and the Nahe Valley Railway. From 1916 to 1918, the Neuwied–Koblenz line, including the Crown Prince Wilhelm Bridge, was built between Urmitz and Neuwied-Engers. The Ludendorff Bridge between Erpel and Remagen was built from 1916 to 1919. It connected the East and West Rhine railway lines and the strategically important Ahr Valley Railway. The Hindenburg, Ludendorff and Kronprinz-Wilhelm Bridges were destroyed in World War II. Only the Crown Prince Wilhelm Bridge was rebuilt, as the Urmitz bridge, in 1954.
The line was electrified in 1959.
Current operations.
Until the opening of the Cologne-Frankfurt high-speed rail line, the line was one of the busiest in Germany. The fastest trains connecting the Rhineland and southern Germany ran on the line. The importance of the line for long distance travel has diminished since the opening of the high-speed line. The line is now generally used by one InterCity or Intercity-Express service (stopping at Bonn, Koblenz and Mainz) each hour, one Regional-Express train each hour (the "Rhein-Express") and one RegionalBahn (stopping) train each hour in each direction, as well as by freight trains. Before the opening of the high-speed line, freight trains were largely restricted to the Right Rhine line, but with the increased availability of train paths on the Left Rhine line many of them are now routed over it.

</doc>
<doc id="9718829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718829" title="MV Atlantic Vision">
MV Atlantic Vision

MV "Atlantic Vision" is a fast ro-pax ferry owned by the Estonian ferry company Tallink, under charter to the Canada-based Marine Atlantic. As of 2009 she is operated on Marine Atlantic's service between Port aux Basques and/or Argentia, Newfoundland and North Sydney, Nova Scotia.
The ship was built in 2002 as MS "Superfast IX" by Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW) in Kiel, Germany for Attica Group's subsidiary Superfast Ferries.
Service history.
2002-2006: Superfast Ferries service.
In 2001 Superfast Ferries had made a deal with the Swedish government to operate a ferry connection between Södertälje in Sweden and Rostock for ten years, starting from spring 2002. "Superfast IX" inaugurated this service in January 2002 (she started service on 10 January but wasn't officially named until the 11). The route proved to be unprofitable, and in April of the same year the it was closed down, with "Superfast IX" laid up at HDW in Kiel. On May of the same year "Superfast IX", alongside her sister MS "Superfast X", started a new service for Superfast, connecting Rosyth (Scotland) to Zeebrugge (Belgium). In February 2004 she was rebuilt with extra cabins at Fosen Mekaniske Verksteder, Fosen, Norway. In November 2005 the "Superfast IX" was moved to Hanko—Rostock route.
2006-2008: Tallink service.
In March 2006 Superfast sold their Baltic Sea operations to Tallink for €310 million. Following this "Superfast IX" and her sisters were re-registered to Paldiski in Estonia, and the route changed to Hanko—Paldiski—Rostock from April 2006 onwards. Calling at Paldiski proved problematic as Estonia was not a member of the Schengen Treaty, and in June of the same year the route reverted to Hanko—Rostock. According to the agreement Tallink could keep the Superfast marketing name until the end of 2007, but the ships' hulls soon sported the texts "Superfast operated by Tallink". From the beginning on the year 2007 the ship's route changed to Tallinn—Helsinki—Rostock, with the West Harbour as the port in Helsinki. As the same time all remaining Superfast logos and hull markings were removed. At the time it was reported that coinciding with the move to sail from Helsinki the Superfast ships would be transferred to the fleet of Tallink's subsidiary Silja Line, but this did not came to pass.
In April 2008 Tallink made an agreement for chartering "Superfast IX" to Marine Atlantic, a Canadian Crown Corporation, for five years from October 2008 onwards. The Government of Canada will provide Marine Atlantic with $101 million over five years to fund the charter. The ship will be used by Marine Atlantic on their service between Port aux Basques, Newfoundland and North Sydney, Nova Scotia. A naming competition was held for the ship, with students in Newfoundland and Labrador and in Cape Breton eligible to make entries. On 21 June 2008 the results of the competition were published, and "Atlantic Vision" was chosen as the new name for the vessel.
2008 onwards: Marine Atlantic service.
"Superfast IX" ceased service with Tallink on 31 August 2008 and subsequently sailed to Luonnonmaan telakka (Turku Repair Yard) in Naantali, Finland for reconstruction into her new service. The changes made included the installation more powerful bow thrusters, rebuilding the bow and stern ramps as well as refurbishing the interiors. The ship was renamed MV "Atlantic Vision" in November 2008. The reconstruction was completed on 14 November 2008, and on the same date the ship was officially delivered to Marine Atlantic.
"Atlantic Vision" arrived in St. John's, Newfoundland on 7 December 2008. During the crossing from Finland to Canada the ship suffered damage to the bow with a part of the front loading ramp breaking off and paint peeling from the bow. The clam doors protecting the cardeck were undamaged. A renaming ceremony was held for the ship on 11 December 2008, although she had officially been renamed already during the previous month.
There are still Estonian language instructions on the vehicle decks boilers from the ferry's homeland port in Estonia, as well as Superfast pictures and wallpapers in the Children's Playroom and near the restaurant.
"Atlantic Vision" entered service on the Port-aux-Basques—North Sydney route on 1 April 2009. In the summer months, the ship also operates on the North Sydney - Argentia Route.
Incidents.
On 27 December 2008, while the ship was still moored in North Sydney awaiting the beginning of service, a fire broke out in one of the two heating units of "Atlantic Vision" at 11:50 PM local time. The North Sydney fire department assisted the crew in containing the fire to the boiler room. The fire was extinguished by 1:00 AM on 28 December. No injuries were suffered, but the damage to the ship delayed her entry into service, which was originally slated for March 2009.
"Atlantic Vision" was again forced to dock when a fire broke out in the second of two heating units on 29 July 2009. The ferry was briefly taken out of service again on 18 August, after striking the dock in Port-aux-Basques, causing a "small abrasion" in the fender at the stern of the vessel. The damage was inspected and repaired and "Atlantic Vision" returned to service later that day.
On 7 October 2009, Marine Atlantic received a bomb threat directed against "Atlantic Vision", which was docked in Port-aux-Basques at the time. The vessel was evacuated and investigated by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), but the threat was determined to be a hoax, and she returned to service shortly thereafter.
On 22 December 2009, "Atlantic Vision" was again taken out of service after high winds forced the vessel against the fenders during docking procedures at Port-aux-Basques, causing a puncture 5 meters above the waterline at the stern of the vessel. The temporary loss of the ship caused additional delays, as other ferries on the North Sydney - Port-aux-Basques run were unable to dock and offload in Port-aux-Basques while she was being repaired. "Atlantic Vision" was repaired and returned to service late on 23 December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9718839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718839" title="Charlie O'Rourke">
Charlie O'Rourke

Charles C. O'Rourke (May 10, 1917 – April 14, 2000) also known as Chuckin' Charlie was a quarterback and defensive back for the Boston College Eagles, Chicago Bears, Los Angeles Dons, and Baltimore Colts. He quarterbacked the BC football team to one of its most famous wins. It was his 24-yard run late in the fourth quarter which gave the Eagles a 19-13 victory over Tennessee in the 1941 Sugar Bowl, staking BC's claim to the national championship. He was also the first Boston College player inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Boston College.
Although all of his records have been broken, O'Rourke was one of Boston College's first star quarterbacks. In 3 seasons, he completed 69 of 150 passes for 1,108 yards and 14 touchdowns.
1940 season.
The 1940 team is perhaps the greatest football team in the history of Boston College. After the previous year's team earned the school's first appearance in a bowl game (Boston College lost to Clemson in the Cotton Bowl Classic) O'Rourke's running backs included veterans Frank Maznicki, Lou Montgomery (Boston College's first African-American football player), and Captain Henry Toczylowski. They were joined by a talented newcomer named Mike Holovak. The team also had wonderful receivers including Henry Woronicz, Gene Goodreault, Ed Zabilski and Don Currivan. The team was undefeated outscoring its opponents 320 to 52 and held six teams scoreless. Boston College impressed the sports community by defeating Tulane University 27 to 7 in the second week of the season and defeating Georgetown 19 to 18, snapping Georgetown's streak of twenty-two consecutive wins. On January 1, 1941, Boston College defeated Tennessee in the Sugar Bowl 19 to 13. BC claims it won the national title in a three-way tie with Stanford and Minnesota, however the NCAA does not recognize Boston College as a national champion in that year. It would turn out to be Coach Frank Leahy’s final year with the Eagles before he accepted an offer to coach at his alma mater, Notre Dame.
Professional career.
O'Rourke's professional career began in 1942 with the Chicago Bears. He saw limited playing time behind incumbent starter Sid Luckman. He completed 37 of 88 passes for 951 yards, 11 touchdowns, and 16 interceptions. He also intercepted 3 passes on defense, returned 2 punts, and completed 23 punts for 817 for the 11-0 Bears. In 1946 he joined the Los Angeles Dons of the All-America Football Conference as starting quarterback. In 2 seasons in Los Angeles he completed 194 of 354 passes for 2,699 yards, 25 touchdowns, and 30 interceptions. In 1948 he joined the AAFC's Baltimore Colts as a punter and back up quarterback behind Hall-of-Famer Y.A. Tittle. In 1949 he played only 5 games before retiring and becoming an assistant coach for Baltimore until the team folded in 1950.
Coaching.
Aside from his 2 years as an NFL coach, O'Rourke was head football coach at UMASS from 1952-1959. In 8 seasons he complied a 21-39-4 record with only 1 winning season (1952).
O'Rourke-McFadden Trophy.
To honor the famed meeting between O'Rourke and Banks McFadden in the 1940 Cotton Bowl Classic, the O'Rourke-McFadden Trophy was introduced in 2008 and is awarded to the winner of the annual game between Boston College and Clemson University. The game quickly became an in-conference rivalry since Boston College joined the ACC in 2005 and both teams play in the ACC-Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="9718851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718851" title="MS Swaminathan Research Foundation">
MS Swaminathan Research Foundation

The M. S. Swaminathan Research Foundation (MSSRF) is a non-profit NGO trust based in Chennai, India. It develops and promotes strategies for economic growth that directly target increased employment of poor women in rural areas. Their methods maximize the use of science and technology for equitable and sustainable social development and environmental stability. The MSSRF logo signifies continuity and change, invoking the DNA model of open-ended, many-sided, and continuous evolution.
History.
MSSRF was founded in 1988 by Dr. M. S. Swaminathan, who is chairman of the foundation. In 1970, C.V. Raman, the Nobel Prize–winning physicist, urged Swaminathan to start an autonomous research center to realize his goals of sustainable development, which he now terms the "Evergreen Revolution". In 1988, after receiving the World Food Prize, Swaminathan used the US$200,000 prize to start the MSSRF. Swaminathan also currently holds the UNESCO Chair in Ecotechnology and is chairman of the National Commission on Agriculture, Food and Nutrition Security of India.
Programs.
MSSRF operates in five major program areas — Coastal Systems Research, Biodiversity and Biotechnology, Ecotechnology and Food security, Gender and development, and Informatics.

</doc>
<doc id="9718856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718856" title="Eriauchenius">
Eriauchenius

Eriauchenius is a genus of assassin spiders that occurs almost exclusively on Madagascar.
About ten species have been discovered as of 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9718867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718867" title="1973–74 British Home Championship">
1973–74 British Home Championship

The 1973-74 British Home Championship Home Nations football tournament was, like the two championships which preceded it, subject to rescheduled matches due to The Troubles in Northern Ireland. Scotland, who should have visited Belfast to play their match against Northern Ireland, instead hosted the game in Edinburgh as the previous years solution of matches being played in Liverpool was not taken up. Bereft of home advantage, the Irish struggled to contain their opponents, although they did begin well with a narrow win over the Scots. In their first matches, England enjoyed their home advantage to claim victories over the Welsh and Irish while the Welsh crashed to defeat against England and Scotland. With the confusing schedule, by the final match England seemed to be favourites, only needing a draw with the Scots in Glasgow to claim the trophy while a loss would still tie the series (goal difference was not at this stage used to calculate position). The Northern Irish, who could still have sneaked the championship, lost a close game to the Welsh, leaving England and Scotland to battle for the final placements, the Scots reaching parity in the competition thanks to a 2–0 victory.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9718870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718870" title="Storage Virtualization – Specific Implementations">
Storage Virtualization – Specific Implementations


</doc>
<doc id="9718894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718894" title="HP 620LX">
HP 620LX

The HP 620LX is a palmtop computer that runs Windows CE 2.0. It has a CompactFlash type 1 card slot, a PC card slot, a serial link cable plug, and an infrared port.(Note this can be upgraded to a 32 mb. Windows CE 3.0 Computer)
It is internet capable by attaching an add-on modem or through an Ethernet or Wi-Fi card. Only type 1 PC cards are supported, and special drivers for Windows CE are required.

</doc>
<doc id="9718915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718915" title="Frank Jones (politician)">
Frank Jones (politician)

Frank Jones (September 15, 1832 – October 2, 1902) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire representing the 1st Congressional District from 1875 to 1879. He was the mayor of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, in 1868 and 1869.
Biography.
Frank Jones was born in Barrington, New Hampshire, on September 15, 1832. He attended the public schools in Barrington. He moved to Portsmouth in 1849 and became a successful merchant and brewer. He owned businesses in Portsmouth and South Boston, Massachusetts.
Jones, the mayor of Portsmouth in 1868 and 1869, elected as a Democrat to the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Congresses (March 4, 1875-March 3, 1879) was not a candidate for renomination in 1878. He was the unsuccessful Democratic candidate for Governor of New Hampshire in 1880, losing to Republican Charles Henry Bell by only a few thousand votes, 44,432 to 40,813. 
Later, Jones became involved with the Republican Party. He was disgusted over William Jennings Bryan's stand on Free Silver. He became interested in railroads and hotels. Jones rebuilt the stately Rockingham Hotel in Portsmouth and enlarged the Hotel Wentworth (now Wentworth-by-the-Sea) in New Castle. Also in Portsmouth, Jones built a mansion in the Second Empire style, with gardens and a horse track, completed in 1876. He was a presidential elector on the Republican ticket in 1900. He died in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on October 2, 1902, and was buried in Harmony Grove Cemetery.
The Frank Jones Brewery was one of the largest producers of ale in the United States of America. In 1896, Jones' Portsmouth brewery produced about 250,000 barrels a year. In 1889, Jones put his company's stock on the market in London. The new company was incorporated on May 17, 1889. In 1950, the Frank Jones Brewery closed after 90 years.

</doc>
<doc id="9718916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718916" title="Simone Pignoni">
Simone Pignoni

Simone Pignoni (April 17, 1611 – December 16, 1698) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. 
He apprenticed with Fabrizio Boschi, then with the more academic and puritanical Domenico Passignano, and finally with Francesco Furini. He is best known for painting in a style reminiscent of the morbidly sensual Furini. Reflective of this obsession is his self-portrait, c. 1650, in which he depicts himself building up a plump naked female from a skeleton. The biographer Baldinucci, in what little he notes of the painter, recalls him as the scandalous "imitator of (Furini's) licentious inventions". 
A more complete biography was recorded by his pupil Giovanni Camillo Sagrestani. Described as endowed with a "bizarre and amenable intelligence", Pignoni apparently had a late-life conversion to more pious painting. There is one episode recalled that during a serious illness "because in his life he had focused on studying about female forms, and (now) having resigned himself to the impending infinity, his spiritual father urged him to purge those errors with the flame, and once guided by a good disposition, he suddenly was cured by the Lord." Baldinucci's biography of Furini also recorded a similar, near-death renunciation of his art of the naked figure.
Among his more conventional works are a "St. Agatha cured by St. Peter" (attributed) in the Museo Civico di Trieste. A "St. Louis providing a banquet for the poor" (c. 1682) now in the church of Santa Felicita in Florence, commissioned by Conte Luigi Gucciardini. A "Madonna and child in glory with archangels Saints Michael and Raphael in battle armor and San Antonio of Padua" (1671) for the Cappella di San Michele in Santissima Annunziata. He painted an Allegory of Peace in Palazzo Vecchio. A "Penitent Magdalen" has been attributed to Pignoni is found in the Pitti Palace. In San Bartolomeo in Monteoliveto, he painted a "Madonna appearing to Blessed Bernardo Tolomeo".

</doc>
<doc id="9718923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718923" title="CLOCK">
CLOCK

Clock ("Circadian Locomotor Output Cycles Kaput") is a gene encoding a basic helix-loop-helix-PAS transcription factor (CLOCK) that affects both the persistence and period of circadian rhythms. CLOCK functions as an essential activator of downstream elements in the pathway critical to the generation of circadian rhythms.
Discovery and function.
The "Clock" gene was first identified in 1994 by Dr. Joseph Takahashi and his colleagues. Takahashi used forward mutagenesis screening of mice treated with N-ethyl-N-nitrosourea to create and identify mutations in key genes that broadly affect circadian activity. The "Clock" mutants discovered through the screen displayed an abnormally long period of daily activity. This trait proved to be heritable, and mice bred to be homozygous for the mutation eventually lost all circadian rhythmicity after several days in constant darkness. This showed that intact "Clock" genes are necessary for normal mammalian circadian function.
CLOCK protein has been found to play a central role as a transcription factor in the circadian pacemaker. In "Drosophila", newly synthesized CLOCK (CLK) is hypophosphorylated in the cytoplasm before entering the nucleus. Once in the nuclei, CLK is localized in nulear foci and is later redistributed homogeneously. CYCLE (CYC) (also known as dBMAL for the BMAL1 ortholog in mammals) dimerizes with CLK via their respective PAS domains. This dimer then recruits co-activator CREB-binding protein (CBP) and is further phosphorylated. Once phosphorylated, this CLK-CYC complex binds to the E-box elements of the promoters of "period" ("per") and "timeless" ("tim") via its bHLH domain, causing the stimulation of gene expression of "per" and "tim". A large molar excess of period (PER) and timeless (TIM) proteins causes formation of the PER-TIM heterodimer which prevents the CLK-CYC heterodimer from binding to the E-boxes of "per" and "tim", essentially blocking "per" and "tim" transcription. CLK is hyperphosphorylated when doubletime (DBT) kinase interacts with the CLK-CYC complex in a PER reliant manner, destabilizing both CLK and PER, leading to the degradation of both proteins. 
Hypophosphorylated CLK then accumulates, binds to the E-boxes of "per" and "tim" and activates their transcription once again. This cycle of post-translational phosphorylation suggest that temporal phosphorylation of CLK helps in the timing mechanism of the circadian clock.
A similar model is found in mice, in which BMAL1 dimerizes with CLOCK to activate "per" and "cryptochrome" ("cry") transcription. PER and CRY proteins form a heterodimer which acts on the CLOCK-BMAL heterodimer to repress the transcription of "per" and "cry".
CLOCK exhibits histone acetyl transferase (HAT) activity, which is enhanced by dimerization with BMAL1. Dr. Paolo Sassone-Corsi and colleagues demonstrated "in vitro" that CLOCK mediated HAT activity is necessary to rescue circadian rhythms in Clock mutants.
Mutants of "Clock".
"Clock" mutant organisms can either possess a null mutation or an antimorphic allele at the "Clock" locus that codes for an antagonist to the wild-type protein. The presence of an antimorphic protein downregulates the transcriptional products normally upregulated by "Clock".
"Drosophila".
In "Drosophila", a mutant form of "Clock" ("Jrk") resulting from a premature stop codon that eliminates the activation domain of the CLOCK protein, causes dominant effects: half of the heterozygous flies with this mutant gene have an altered period while the other half become arrhythmic. Homozygous flies are all arrhythmic. Furthermore, these mutant flies express low levels of PER and TIM proteins, indicating that "Clock" functions as a positive element in the circadian loop.
Mice.
The mouse homolog to the "Jrk" mutant is the "ClockΔ19" mutant that possesses a deletion in exon 19 of the "Clock" gene. This dominant-negative mutation results in a defective CLOCK-BMAL dimer, which causes mice to have a decreased ability to activate "per" transcription. In constant darkness, "ClockΔ19" mice heterozygous for the "Clock" mutant allele exhibit lengthened circadian periods, while "ClockΔ19/Δ19" mice homozygous for the allele become arrhythmic. In both heterozygotes and homozygotes, this mutation also produces lengthened periods and arrhythmicity at the single-cell level.
"Clock -/-" null mutant mice, in which "Clock" has been knocked out, display completely normal circadian rhythms. The discovery of a null "Clock" mutant with a wild-type phenotype directly challenged the widely accepted premise that "Clock" is necessary for normal circadian function. Furthermore, it suggested that the CLOCK-BMAL1 dimer need not exist to modulate other elements of the circadian pathway. Neuronal PAS domain containing protein 2 (NPAS2, a CLOCK analog) can substitute for CLOCK in these "Clock"-null mice.
"Clock"’s role in other feedback loops.
The CLOCK-BMAL dimer is involved in regulation of other genes and feedback loops. An enzyme SIRT1 has also binds to the CLOCK-BMAL complex and acts to suppress its activity, perhaps by deacetylation of "Bmal1" and surrounding histones. However, SIRT1’s role is still controversial and it may also have a role in deacetylating PER protein, targeting it for degradation.
The CLOCK-BMAL dimer acts as a positive limb of a feedback loop. The binding of CLOCK-BMAL to an E-box promoter element activates transcription of clock genes such as "per"1, 2, and 3 and "tim" in mice. It has been shown in mice that CLOCK-BMAL also activates the Nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase gene (also called "Nampt"), part of a separate feedback loop. This feedback loops creates a metabolic oscillator. The CLOCK-BMAL dimer activates transcription of the "Nampt" gene, which codes for the NAMPT protein. NAMPT is part of a series of enzymatic reactions that covert niacin (also called nicotinamide) to NAD. SIRT1, which requires NAD for its enzymatic activity, then uses increased NAD levels to deacetylate BMAL1, suppressing it. This suppression results in less transcription of the NAMPT, less NAMPT protein, less NAD made, and therefore less SIRT1 and less suppression of the CLOCK-BMAL dimer. This dimer can again positively activate the "Nampt" gene transcription and the cycle continues, creating another oscillatory loop involving CLOCK-BMAL as positive elements. The key role that "Clock" plays in metabolic and circadian loops highlights the close relationship between metabolism and circadian clocks.
Other functions of "Clock".
In humans, a polymorphism in "Clock", rs6832769, may be related to the personality trait agreeableness. Another single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in "Clock", 3111C, has been associated with diurnal preference. This SNP is also associated with increased insomnia, difficulty losing weight, and recurrence of major depressive episodes in patients with bipolar disorder.
In mice, "Clock" has been implicated in sleep disorders, metabolism, pregnancy, and mood disorders. "Clock" mutant mice sleep less than normal mice each day. The mice also display altered levels of plasma glucose and rhythms in food intake. These mutants develop metabolic syndrome symptoms over time. Furthermore, "Clock" mutants demonstrate disrupted estrous cycles and increased rates of full-term pregnancy failure. Mutant "Clock" has also been linked to bipolar disorder-like symptoms in mice, including mania and euphoria. "Clock" mutant mice also exhibit increased excitability of dopamine neurons in reward centers of the brain. These results have led Dr. Colleen McClung to propose using "Clock" mutant mice as a model for human mood and behavior disorders.
The CLOCK-BMAL dimer has also been shown to activate reverse-erb receptor alpha (Rev-ErbA alpha) and retinoic acid orphan receptor alpha (ROR-alpha). REV-ERBα and RORα regulate "Bmal" by binding to retinoic acid-related orphan receptor response elements (ROREs) in its promoter.
In 2010, a Yale University team led by Dr. Yong Zhu found that variations in the epigenetics of the "Clock" gene may lead to an increased risk of breast cancer. It was found that in women with breast cancer, there was significantly less methylation of the "Clock" promoter region. It was also noted that this effect was greater in women with estrogen and progesterone receptor-negative tumors.
The CLOCK gene may also be a target for somatic mutations in microsatellite unstable colorectal cancers. In a study done in 2010 by researchers in the University of Helsinki, 53% of putative novel microsatellite instability target genes responsible for colorectal cancer contained CLOCK mutations.

</doc>
<doc id="9718952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718952" title="Yiannis Poulakas">
Yiannis Poulakas

Ioannis Poulakas, (Greek: Ιωάννης Πούλακας) the Greek painter and scenographer, was born on January 1, 1863, in St George of Nileia in the periphery of Volos, Greece and died, 79 years old, in Athens on February 21, 1942.
Constantinople 1878–1885.
Although being son of modest means’ family, he was highly promising pupil, thus received a scholarship and was transferred from Volos to Constantinople in the age of fourteen, where he finished high school and studied Drawing, Scenography and Music. During his stay, in this metropolitan center of Eastern Europe, Poulakas was studying Byzantine art, as well as the various European artistic movements of the time. Poulakas was professionally dealing primarily with scenography and secondarily with painting, as he was offered more occupational opportunities in theatre, especially during the last two years of his residence in Constantinople, where his scholarship had expired after completion of his studies in 1883. Poulakas, both in terms of studies and profession is the first Greek scenographer who worked in Greece, as the art historian and folklorist Fotis Voyiatzis, aptly reveals in his study, referring to relevant historical indications both of the painter and scenographer George Vakalo (1902–1991) as well as Ioannis Sideris’ (1898–1975) history of the New Hellenic Theatre. During his studies, Poulakas worked initially as an apprentice in a workshop of painting, woodwork and production of theatrical sets and soon after as a scenographer and stage technician in the Hellenic amateur theatre, which was in bloom at the time, and in various other performances of the leading professional Hellenic theatrical companies which toured frequently in Constantinople.
Athens 1885–1901.
In 1885 he hastily returned from Constantinople to Volos to join the army. He is immediately transferred to Athens to serve in the Band of the Artillery, as a musician. In 1888 he decides to stay in the army for two more years, until 1890, as a paid volunteer. That choice along with his settlement in Athens in his wife’s, Angeliki Haidas (1871–1962) family home on Adrianou Str. in Plaka allow him to extend his studies in Athens School of Fine Arts, attending the courses of Painting by Nikiforos Lytras and Perspective Drawing by Vicenzo Lanza from which he graduated with honors in 1891. In this period from 1885 to 1901, were born his three sons, George Poulakas (1888–1918), Konstantinos Poulakas (1891–1924) and Michael Poulakas later Poulakis (1894–1965). Although being rather selective and difficult to socialize, Poulakas had a quite wide range of friendly contacts in Athens, with colleagues and other personalities of theatre and literature such as: the author Dimitrios Kampouroglous (1852–1942) and the painters, Stefano Lanza (1861–1933), son of his teacher Vincenzo, Ioannis Koutsis, and his classmates at the School of Arts, Vassileios Hatzis (1870–1915) and Stefanos Stournaras (1867–1928). He also was in contact with Konstantinos Volanakis, with whom became close friend (ca.1895) when he removed with his family in Piraeus. There, they used to exchange photographs and engravings of marine themes. However, there is no any evidence to confirm the teacher-student relationship, between Volanakis and Poulakas as often wrongly supposed in the relevant bibliography presumably due to their academic art painting style and the common marine themes. Poulakas’ wife, described their relationship as a sincere friendship and appreciation between them. Besides during the period between 1883 and 1903, when Volanakis was teaching Elementary Graphistic in the School of Arts, Poulakas attended different courses. Also, when Volonakis founded in Piraeus (ca.1895) his "Cultural Center", teaching young painters, Poulakas has finished all his studies since 1891, was 33 years old and was already working as a painter, icon painter and scenographer.
Poulakas paintings of this period, published in several art catalogues and websites are, among others:
and probably many paintings of three-masted sailing ships:
Poulakas practiced icon painting from his early years, following an academic and naturalistic style. According to historical sources, Poulakas is the first of the modern Thessalian icon painters. His name became known quickly in Athens and began getting orders since 1890. Moreover, for two years he worked together with Othon Giavopoulos, folk painter of Vytina (Greece), who Poulakas introduced to the academic style.
Poulakas besides painting, worked professionally as a scenographer in various theatres. His works are known, basically by living testimonies of his wife and descendants, as at that time the name of the scenographer was not recorded in theatrical programs and posters. During his military service as a musician, he was in contact with his military commanders, Kessaris brothers, conductors, composers and music editors and through them he met several important musicians and actors. These acquaintances opened his professional horizons, along with the foundation of new Municipal and National theatres nationwide at the end of the 19th Century. His early known works include the following shows: 
The screen of the last act, "Sun’s Chariot", part of his scenography made for the tragedy Medea, in 1895, survived in the warehouse of the Municipal Theatre of Piraeus, at least since 1970.
Volos 1901–1924.
In 1901 Poulakas left Athens for Volos, as appointed professor of Sketching and Calligraphy in the Commercial School and the Girls School of Volos. Poulakas launches his studio, in an alley near Kartalis Str. in the area of the port of Volos and exhibits his work in showcase at a central store on Dimitriados Av. and soon after starts to deliver private painting lessons. Here where born his two daughters, Maria Poulakas-Vrettos (1903–1997) and Merope Poulakas-Loizou (1906–1993). He is working ceaselessly on: seascape, landscape, portrait, scenography, icons and at the same time, teaching. He painted numerous sea paintings, mainly views of the port and the seashore of Volos and dashed out both in Thessaly and Sterea Hellas hinterland as well as the islands. In this period belong his landscapes of Pelion, Karditsa, Itea and Galaxidi and his seascapes of the islands of Crete, Skopelos, Chios, Corfu and others. These creative years of his life overshadowed the loss of his firstborn son George, soldier lost in battle in 1918 in the World War I.
Important painters had their first lessons from Poulakas, such as: the painter and photographer, Konstantinos Zimeris (1886–1982), and the painter Aristomenes Angelopoulos (1900–1990). The influence of Poulakas in the artistic life of Volos was remarkable. On the twenty three years of his teaching in Volos, are based the following remarkable artistic developments, as declared by his own students.
Some of his great tables of this period are: "Port of Chios", Commercial Bank of Greece Collection, "The Sea Battle of Itea", (photo) of the Bank of Greece, the Portrait of "Ioannis Kartalis", Municipal Art Gallery of Volos, "Dockside of Volos",Katsigras’ Collection, "Port of Galaxidi",[http://www.latsis-foundation.org/megazine/publish/ebook.php?book=16&preloader=1 Private Collection, "Fishing on seashore near Port of Volos",Private Collection, "Sailing Scooner", Private Collection. In 1920, was introduced his great oil painting "The Sea Battle of Volos 1827",[http://www.google.gr/imgres?q=poulakas+ioannis&um=1&rlz=1W1AURU_elGR499&hl=el&biw=1280&bih=852&tbm=isch&tbnid=XCcpYiNgA39UWM:&imgrefurl=https://www.facebook.com/Volosairport&docid=SsYRlfRTtj0YPM&imgurl=https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/p480x480/528746_10151322208630566_1010437077_n.jpg&w=700&h=443&ei=YoHJUe62HdTo4QTv1oCYBg&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=235&vpy=403&dur=6500&hovh=178&hovw=282&tx=231&ty=106&page=2&tbnh=128&tbnw=212&start=46&ndsp=54&ved=1t:429,r:78,s:0,i:316 a work which 18 years later, had been bought from Poulakas by Municipality of Volos and today belongs to the Municipal Art Gallery.
In the field of icons from 1901 onwards he is working not only in Magnesia, but in all Thessaly and Sterea Hellas, as in Karditsa, Galaxidi and Itea. His remarkable, icons are located: a) at the temle of Metropolitan Church of Karditsa, Sts Constantine and Helen, 1911 b) at the church of his hometown with "Saint George" to adorn the outer northern lintel, an excellent icon that was maintained by the 7th Ephorate of Byzantine Antiquities and at the Church of the Assumption of Mary c) at the Church of St. John, in Upper Gatzea of Volos d) at the Church of Saint Athanasius in Lehonia of Volos e) at the Cathedral of St Nicholas in Galaxidi the icons: "The flight into Egypt," 1922, "Adoration of the Magi", 1923, "The Exaltation of the Holy Cross," and "Bridegroom Christ". Quite important was also the icon and woodcarving work at the Church of the Ascension of Christ in Volos, which was unfortunately destroyed, as the entire building, during the earthquake of 1955.
From 1901 to 1924 is working as scenographer in Volos, Karditsa, Larissa and other cities of Thessaly. From the plethora of the shows in which Poulakas worked, unfortunately only a few notes and family testimonies were saved for the shows: "Merope", a drama of Dimitrios Vernardakis, "When the wife is beautiful", a comedy in a performance of Pantopoulos, presented in the Municipal Theatre of Volos in 1908, as well as Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" with the company of Vassilia Stefanou and the revue, "Panorama of Volos" in theater Polytheama in 1910 and 1911, respectively.
Athens 1924–1942.
In 1924, Poulakas came to Athens from Volos in order to stand by his sick son Konstantinos, who shortly after died from tuberculosis. That loss shook him deeply as he was his second son who dies within a few years and decides to abandon Volos. In Athens Poulakas was teaching Sketching and Painting in public high schools and cultural centers and as visiting instructor in the School of Fine Arts. He set up his studio first on Glafcou Str. in the area of 1st Cemetery of Athens, later on Zacharitsa Str. in Veikou’s area, and finally on Shehou Str. in Kalliroi’s area, where died of pulmonary edema on February of the terrible winter of 1942. From 1930 until 1932 he taught in the Commercial School of Hermoupolis in island of Syros. At the time had a friendly contact with sculptor Nikolaos Georgantis (:el:Νικόλαος Γεωργαντής) and the painter Konstantinos Parthenis. Poulakas was a free mind and for his liberal political ideas, lost for some time the teacher's position in the troubled political periods of 1916-1917 and 1927-1928.
Poulakas' whole artistic activity has always been, together with teaching, a livelihood, as he had to support a numerous family, in difficult and turbulent times. Therefore only a few tables remained in possession of his family as by necessity had to sell almost all, usually at derisory prices to various dealers. So he never had the luxury to follow the contemporary European trends, since in Greek art market, paintings and especially seascapes, of such style enjoyed a rather low assessment and commercial value, especially during an artistic period characterized by flatulence, between the Academic Realism of the 19th Century and the New Art of the 20th. Nonetheless, Poulakas' contact with impressionism is obvious in some of his published works, such as "Attica Shore" (1894)[http://www.bonhams.com/auctions/14973/lot/5/], Private Collection and "Panormos’ seashore in Scopelos", P. Moraitis Collection, a trend he should have came in contact with in Constantinople, since he had never traveled in Western Europe, as Volanakis, Hatzis and Altamouras (1852–1878) and during his studies at the School of Arts there were no professors, followers of that movement.
The years between 1924 and his death, he painted, besides his representative seascapes, several landscapes and sites of Athens. Some works of him which belong to this period are: the heroic sailing ship "Leonidas" which fought in the Greek War of Independence, Leventis Collection, "Fishing Boat on Seashore",(photo) A. K. Damtsa, Art Center Giorgio de Chirico, Volos, "Brig and Steamer"[http://www.bonhams.com/auctions/17821/lot/7/] off the coast of Salamis, Private Collection, a grate work of the artist, which imprinted in a Greek post stamp of 1969. Also this reriod paints two more great oil paintings: the old training sailing ship of the Royal Hellenic Navy, "Aris" and "Acropolis", a view of Parthenon from the area of the Temple of Olympian Zeus, both no located until now. Remarkable icons made by Poulakas this period are at the chapel of the Panaghia Spiliotissa in Acropolis of Athens.
In 1924, when Poulakas came back in Athens, he had to start from scratch especially as scenographer, although with less intensity due both to his advanced age - was 61 years old - and his alienation of the New Athenian Theatrical Scene by his long staying in Volos. When finally managed to find his stride, in 1930 he removed to teach in the Commercial School of Syros. Although in that period it is very likely worked in the theatre "Apollo" of Hermoupolis, one more time stayed out of the athenian scene. Set decoration drafts and models are not preserved, at least in possession of his descendants, as he use to reuse all the modeling material and some survived, were lost in the frequent removals of his studio, the last years of his life.
In 1932, year of his retirement, returned to Athens, in the middle of the economical crisis where the art market was extincted. Within this situation did not hesitate to work on paintign pennons, flags and banners and sign-paintings for cinema shows.
For several years Poulakas’ work remains restricted within some artistic circles, which are drifted in II Word War’s maelstrom. After his death, in particular the first postwar years the relevant bibliography was often full of confusing information and data, both of his life and work. However, some art-men, first and foremost the art historian and folklorist, Fotis Voyatzis, not only they did not surpassed his art, but in spite the scarce evidence and material they tried to approach his painting, as the art historians and critics: Manolis Vlachos, Nelly Missirlis, Manos Stefanidis and others, which include Poulakas to the small chorea of Greek sea-painters, left their special mark in the transitional stylistic period of the New Hellenic Painting, between 19th and 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9718954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718954" title="Pruritus ani">
Pruritus ani

Pruritus ani (also known as anusitis) is the irritation of the skin at the exit of the rectum, known as the anus, causing the desire to scratch. The intensity of anal itching increases from moisture, pressure, and rubbing caused by clothing and sitting. At worst, anal itching causes intolerable discomfort that often is accompanied by burning and soreness. It is estimated that up to 5% of the population of the United States experiences this type of discomfort daily.
Causes.
The irritation can be caused by intestinal parasites, anal perspiration, frequent liquid stools, diarrhea, residual stool deposits, or the escape of small amounts of stool as a result of incontinence or flatulence. Another cause is yeast infection or Candidiasis. Some diseases increase the possibility of yeast infections, such as diabetes mellitus or HIV infection. Treatment with antibiotics can bring about a disturbance of the natural balance of intestinal flora, and lead to perianal thrush, a yeast infection affecting the anus. Psoriasis also can be present in the anal area and cause irritation. Abnormal passageways (fistulas) from the small intestine or colon to the skin surrounding the anus can form as a result of disease (such as Crohn's disease), acting as channels which may allow leakage of irritating fluids to the anal area. Other problems that can contribute to anal itching include pinworms, hemorrhoids, tears of the anal skin near the mucocutaneous junction (fissures), and skin tags (abnormal local growth of anal skin). Aside from diseases relative to the condition, a common view suggests that the initial cause of the itch may have passed, and that the illness is in fact prolonged by what's known as an itch-scratch cycle. It states that scratching the itch encourages the release of inflammatory chemicals, which worsen redness, intensifies itchiness and increases the area covered by dry skin, thereby causing a snowball effect.
If people who are allergic to Balsam of Peru ingest it, they may experience pruritis and contact dermatitis in the perianal region, possibly due to unabsorbed substances in the feces. Balsam of Peru is used in food and drink for flavoring, in perfumes and toiletries for fragrance, and in medicine and pharmaceutical items for healing properties. Balsam of Peru is also often an ingredient in hemorrhoidal suppositories and ointments, such as Anusol.
Some authorities describe “psychogenic pruritus” or "functional itch disorder", where psychological factors may contribute to awareness of itching.
Ingestion of helminth (worm) Enterobius vermicularis (pinworm, or threadworm) eggs leads to Enterobiasis, indicative of severe itching around the anus from migration of gravid females from the bowel. Severe cases of Enterobiasis result in hemorrhage and eczema.
Treatment.
For pruritus ani of unknown cause treatment typically begins with measures to reduce irritation and trauma to the perianal area. Stool softeners can help prevent constipation. If this is not effective topical steroids or injected methylene blue may be tried. Another treatment option that has been met with success in small-scale trials is the application of a very mild (.006) topical capsaicin cream. This strength cream is not typically commercially available and therefore must be diluted by a pharmacist or end-user. If the itchiness is secondary to another condition such as infection or psoriasis these are typically treated.

</doc>
<doc id="9718960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9718960" title="King's Chapel Burying Ground">
King's Chapel Burying Ground

King's Chapel Burying Ground is a historic cemetery at King's Chapel on Tremont Street in Boston, Massachusetts. It is the oldest cemetery in the city and is a site on the Freedom Trail. 
King's Chapel Burying Ground was founded in 1630 as the first cemetery in the city of Boston. According to custom, the first interment was that of the land’s original owner, Isaac Johnson. It was Boston's only burial site for 30 years (1630-1660). After being unable to locate land elsewhere, in 1686 the local Anglican congregation was allotted land in the cemetery to build King's Chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="9719009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719009" title="Sasquatch Mountain">
Sasquatch Mountain

Sasquatch Mountain (also called Devil on the Mountain) is a 2006 science fiction film produced by Grizzly Peak Productions for the Syfy channel, and directed by Steven R. Monroe.
Synopsis.
A lonely tow-truck driver (Lance Henriksen) gets caught in a deadly struggle between a pair of bank robbers with a beautiful hostage (Cerina Vincent), local cops, and a monster that has come down from the Arizona mountains to eat human flesh.
Filming location.
The movie was filmed in Flagstaff and Williams, Arizona.
Premiere.
Its world premiere was the fifth most watched show of the week on the "Sci-Fi Channel".

</doc>
<doc id="9719023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719023" title="Ben Davies (actor)">
Ben Davies (actor)

Ben-Ryan Davies (born 30 December 1988) is an English actor, born in Greater Manchester. He is best known for his role in BBC One's "Rough Diamond".
Career.
Ben Davies appeared in his first national TV and print ad campaign while he was still in diapers. As an athlete, Track & Field News ranked him the No. 1 high school decathlete in the nation in 2008. Ben was named "Best Athlete" of his college conference in 2013.
Courageous (in theaters 2011) was Ben's first co-starring role in a feature film. He finished his last exam and headed to the movie set. The next summer, Ben filmed New Hope and won "Best Supporting Actor" at the Kingdomwood Film Festival. During his college career Ben has booked lead roles in 6 feature films while managing to make the Dean's List. Ben was honored to receive the "Light in Hollywood" award and strives to be a role model.
In addition to acting, Ben is a popular public speaker (Premiere Speakers Bureau-agent) who enjoys sharing his faith and encouraging others.

</doc>
<doc id="9719032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719032" title="Patrick Gallagher (politician)">
Patrick Gallagher (politician)

Patrick "Paddy" Gallagher (born 1 December 1946) is a former Irish politician. He was a member of Sinn Féin the Workers Party, Workers' Party of Ireland and Democratic Left political parties. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Sinn Féin the Workers Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency at the February 1982 general election. He lost his seat at the November 1982 generak election. He was an elected member of Waterford City Council from the 1970s to 1990s.
A journalist Gallagher established his own newspaper "Waterford Today" in the 1990s and the free-sheet style paper is now one of Waterford's most popular.

</doc>
<doc id="9719047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719047" title="Rob Laurie">
Rob Laurie

Rob Laurie (born May 19, 1970) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender who played eleven years of minor league hockey mostly in the East Coast Hockey League. More than a decade after his "retirement", Laurie has been dressed three times as an emergency NHL backup goaltender; first in the 2012–13 season for the Anaheim Ducks, and then during the 2013–14 season for both the Vancouver Canucks and Minnesota Wild.
Career.
After a four-year career at Western Michigan University, Laurie joined the Roanoke Valley Rampage of the East Coast Hockey League in 1992. Laurie spent the majority of his career (1992–97) in the ECHL, with stops in Roanoke Valley, Dayton, Johnstown, Greensboro, Toledo, Tallahassee, and Huntington. Laurie finished his career splitting time between the WPHL, UHL, and Central Hockey League, all with teams based in Texas. After a season with the El Paso Buzzards in which Laurie compiled an 11-8-0 record in 22 games, Laurie retired at the completion of the 2001-02 CHL season.
National Hockey League.
On April 5, 2013, with goaltenders Jonas Hiller out of the lineup due to an illness, the Anaheim Ducks recalled Igor Bobkov from their AHL affiliate in Norfolk. However, with Bobkov's flight running late and the Ducks still needing a backup goaltender, the Ducks signed 42 year old Laurie to a one-day professional tryout contract. Laurie ended up dressing as the backup goalie for the first 3:53 and was eventually replaced by Bobkov as the team's backup goaltender. During his brief appearance with the Ducks, Laurie wore jersey number 43.
On January 5, 2014, Laurie was once again called to emergency goaltender duty. This time by the Vancouver Canucks in their road game against the Anaheim Ducks, serving as a backup to Eddie Lack.
On March 31, 2014, following an injury to Darcy Kuemper during morning skate, Laurie was signed by the Minnesota Wild to a professional tryout contract and dressed for their game against the Los Angeles Kings as backup to Ilya Bryzgalov.
Inline hockey.
Laurie was the starting goaltender for the Anaheim Bullfrogs on July 2, 1993 in the first professional sporting event played in the now-Honda Center. The Bullfrogs were a professional inline hockey team that played their home games in the former Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim from 1993 until 1997. During that season, Laurie led the Bullfrogs to the International League championship and was later named playoff MVP.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9719049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719049" title="The Heart of New York">
The Heart of New York

"The Heart of New York" is the 11th episode of the British Supermarionation television series "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons". Written by Tony Barwick and directed by Alan Perry, it was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on 8 December 1967 on ATV Midlands. In this episode, a gang of strictly human bank robbers attempt to outwit Spectrum as the Mysterons threaten to destroy the "heart of New York".
As was also the case with "Winged Assassin" and "Big Ben Strikes Again", similarities between the plot of "The Heart of New York" and the attacks of September 11, 2001 resulted in the episode's postponement during a repeat run of "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons" on BBC Two in late 2001.
Plot.
The Spectrum Security Vaults are raided by criminals Kruger and Doig. Despite promising intelligence collected by their associate, Carl, they discover only documentation and microfilm that, although classified, is of no material value. Nevertheless, Kruger is fascinated by the files detailing Earth's conflict with Mars and intends to "get the Mysterons to work for us." Elsewhere, the Mysterons announce that they have studied human greed and corruption and plan to strike at the "heart of New York". While the civilian population is evacuated and the perimeter roadblocked, Captains Scarlet and Blue search the city for concealed explosive devices.
Kruger, Doig and Carl irritate a forest fire lookout by feigning drunkenness. They then fake their own deaths, planting dummies of themselves inside their car before sending it crashing down a hillside, leading the lookout to believe that the apparently drunk men have been killed. The three later return and, now claiming to be Mysteron reconstructions, vow to destroy the New York Second National Bank. Colonel White is unwilling to endanger lives to protect such a target and orders all Spectrum personnel to withdraw to the roadblocks.
The criminals soon appear at a roadblock manned by Captain Magenta, with FBI identification to hand. A Mysteron Detector check by Captain Ochre comes back negative and Magenta permits them to enter the city. Arriving at the Second National Bank with a crate of plastic explosive, the men are counting on being able to escape with the whole East Coast gold reserve. However, after the vault is blown open, they are caught unawares by Captain Black, who locks them in and reveals that the bank will be shortly be obliterated.
At Magenta's roadblock, Scarlet is puzzled how the criminals knew that the Mysterons had narrowed their target when that intelligence had been circulated among Spectrum personnel only. Realising that the Second National bank is in the process of being robbed, Scarlet and Blue rush to apprehend the men, but turn their Spectrum Patrol Car around when they notice Black driving the criminals' grey saloon. Black evades Spectrum when the Mysterons use their powers to teleport him to safety and the Second National Bank is razed to the ground in a bomb explosion. On Cloudbase, Colonel White refuses to accept that Kruger, Doig and Carl were the typical greedy and corrupt humans that the Mysterons deplored, confident in his belief that the good of humanity will ultimately prevail over the Martian evil.
Production.
The Mysteron's vanishing power is demonstrated for the first time in this episode and is seen again in "Model Spy", "Expo 2068" and "Inferno". It appears that Black is able to control this power himself, giving him the ability to make inanimate objects appear and disappear. For realism, the Second National Bank model was constructed at scale.
The puppet that plays Kruger would become one of the most frequently used puppets in the Supermarionation TV series of the late 1960s: other appearances in "Captain Scarlet" alone include "Winged Assassin", "Big Ben Strikes Again", "Point 783", "Avalanche", "The Trap" and "Special Assignment". It would later return as Commander Kavoc in the "Joe 90" episode "Arctic Adventure" and as the Dreisenberg ambassador in the "The Secret Service" episode "A Case For The Bishop". The Carl puppet originally appeared as Lieutenant Belmont in "White As Snow", while the puppet that plays Doig makes its sole appearance in this episode. The fire lookout was previously Major Brooks in "Point 783" and Commander Goddard in "The Trap", while the Spectrum Security Vaults guard would feature regularly as Shane Weston in "Joe 90".
This episode contains a number of continuity errors. In the puppet shots of Scarlet, Blue and Black driving down through New York, trees and bushes are seen to be in front of the city buildings in the background, while in the model shots no vegetation lines the streets. In the scene in which Kruger, Doig and Carl persuade the lookout that they are Mysteron agents, the colour of Kruger's jacket switches from mauve to magenta between the puppet and close-up live-action shots while the lookout is sprayed with knockout gas.
Broadcast.
When "Captain Scarlet" was repeated on BBC Two in late 2001, "The Heart of New York" was originally scheduled to be broadcast as the 11th episode, but was later postponed due to parallels between the plot, in which New York comes under attack by the Mysterons, and the attacks that occurred there on 11 September that year. Along with "Winged assassin" and "Big Ben Strikes Again", which were similarly held back on account of their storylines, the episode was broadcast later in the line-up.
Reception.
James Stansfield, of the website Den of Geek, ranks "The Heart of New York" second in his list of the top ten "Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons" episodes. Stansfield considers the episode "memorable and unique" because of the fact that "the Mysterons not really the villains". He praises the scenes of the evacuation of New York, describing the silence as "eerie". Summing up the story, he commends it as a "great episode with a really different storyline to it".

</doc>
<doc id="9719065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719065" title="Awatef Abdel Karim">
Awatef Abdel Karim

Awatef Abdel Karim (; born 1931) is an Egyptian composer of contemporary classical music. Karim is the first Egyptian female composer to formally study music composition. She has composed for piano, violin, choir, and orchestra, and has also written music for children.
In 1991 she succeeded Gamal Abdel-Rahim as chairman of the composition and conducting department of the Cairo Conservatoire, serving in that position until 1997. A revised edition of her book, "Music Appreciation of Nineteenth Century Music" was published in 2005 in Cairo. She was awarded the State Merit Award in June 2006. Her notable students include Ahmed El-Saedi, Ali Osman, and Mohamed Abdelwahab Abdelfattah.

</doc>
<doc id="9719091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719091" title="Hit It from the Back">
Hit It from the Back

"Hit It from the Back" is the second and final single from Mobb Deep's "Juvenile Hell" album. It was released under 4th & Broadway, from which the duo was dropped due to poor record sales, barely selling 20,000 at the time. The single reached number 18 on the "Billboard" Rap chart.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B

</doc>
<doc id="9719113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719113" title="So They Say (EP)">
So They Say (EP)

So They Say is the self-titled debut EP by So They Say. It was released on June 14, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9719126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9719126" title="Dragonlance Campaign Setting">
Dragonlance Campaign Setting

Dragonlance Campaign Setting is an accessory for the Dragonlance campaign setting, for the 3.5 edition of the "Dungeons & Dragons" fantasy role-playing game.
Contents.
The "Dragonlance Campaign Setting" hardcover updated the Dragonlance setting for the 3.5 edition.
Publication history.
"Dragonlance Campaign Setting" was designed by Margaret Weis, Don Perrin, Jamie Chambers, and Christopher Coyle. Weis explained that the designers "wanted to begin with the beginning, which was Tracy 's original vision for Dragonlance. That made me the "keeper of the flame" when questions arose. I also worked with the book department editors and the other Dragonlance authors to incorporate their visions into the original. Tracy always said that Krynn was real to those who entered it and that we all saw the same things, just from different perspectives."

</doc>
