<doc id="9842385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842385" title="John Casimir, Duke of Saxe-Coburg">
John Casimir, Duke of Saxe-Coburg

John Casimir (German: "Johann Kasimir") of Saxe-Coburg (Gotha, 12 June 1564 – Coburg, 16 July 1633) was the Duke of Saxe-Coburg. He was the descendant of the Ernestine branch of the House of Wettin.
Youth.
John Casimir was born at Grimmenstein Castle in Gotha on 12 June 1564 as the middle of three sons of Duke John Frederick II, Duke of Saxony and his wife Countess Palatine Elisabeth of Simmern-Sponheim. Because of the Holy Roman Empire's sanctions ("Reichsexekution") against Gotha, his father lost on 15 April 1567 his dominions and freedom. Then John Casimir lived with his brothers, Frederick Henry (who died in 1572 at the age of 11) and John Ernest and their mother, first in Eisenach, then at the court of his Uncle John William, the guardian of the children, in Weimar, and finally in Eisenberg, Thuringia. In 1570 the Diet of Speyer restored to the brothers the rights and privileges of their father. Two years later, in the summer of 1572, their mother moved to Austria to join her husband in captivity. A few months later, on 6 November 1572, her two sons were awarded by the Division of Erfurt the Principality of Saxe-Coburg-Eisenach. The Principality consisted of southern and western areas of Thuringia, including the cities of Eisenach, Gotha and Hildburghausen. The additional guardians of the children were John George, Elector of Brandenburg (since 1578 Markgrave George Frederick of Brandenburg-Anspach) and the material grandfather, Frederick III, Elector of the Palatinate, and also the enemy of his father, Augustus, Elector of Saxony, who supervised the education of John Casimir as well as the regency of the new Principality in Coburg. John Casimir and his brother moved to Coburg on 5 December 1572. His guardians undersigned in the name of John Casimir the Formula of Concord ("Konkordienformel") of 1577 and the Book of Concord ("Konkordienbuch") of 1580, the two authoritative statements of the Lutheran faith.
Between 1578 and 1581 Johann Casimir studied at the University of Leipzig. On 6 May 1584 he became engaged, without the consent of his father, with Anna, the daughter of Augustus of Saxony, whom he married on 16 January 1586 in Dresden. Only after the death of the Elector Augustus of Saxony on 11 February 1586 was Duke John Casimir at the age of 22 years able to undertake with his brother John Ernest the government of his principality.
Reign.
In 1596 the brothers divided their Principality in two. John Ernest was given the Principality of Saxe-Eisenach and Casimir continued to reign alone in Coburg. His dominions were composed of the districts of Coburg with the subdivisions of Lauter, Rodach and Gestungshausen bei Sonnefeld, Heldburg with a subdivision of Hildburghausen, Römhild, Eisfeld, Schalkau, Sonneberg, Neustadt, Neuhaus, Mönchröden and Sonnefeld.
Under John Casimir, the city of his residence, Coburg, had its first cultural height with a lively series of construction. The results can be visited and seen today. The Schloss Ehrenburg was rebuilt in the Renaissance style as the "Stadtschloss" (City Castle). The former Schloss Callenberg, was expanded into a magnificent hunting lodge; its chapel was consecrated in 1618 as the first Protestant sanctuary in the Coburger Land. The Veste Coburg was converted to the Ducal Fortress, and the arsenal as well as the government buildings were rebuilt at the "Marktplatz" (Market Square). The choir of St. Moriz Church was endowed by John Casimir in 1598 in the honor of his parents with one of the most beautiful Renaissance epitaphs in Germany – a 12-meter-tall (39-feet-tall) alabaster monument with a richly sculptured series of pictures. In addition, he founded the Gymnasium Casimirianum, extended the castle’s family to include his inheritance of book collections and hired in 1603 the composer Melchior Franck as the "Hofkapellmeister" (Court Master of Music). The court’s household, for a time, held 213 people and 130 horses.
Politically John Casimir succeeded in getting the "Reichsritterschaft" (Community of the Imperial Knights) to submit to his sovereignty by guaranteeing the jurisdiction over their country estates. He issued the order to establish the State Lutheran Church with the Duke as the "summus episcopus" (Latin, “highest bishop”), the tactic later adopted by many of the Thuringian states. As the only supreme authority of justice and religion in the Principality, he built in Coburg in 1589 an "Hofgericht" (Special Court for the Nobles), an "Appellationsrat" (Court of Appeals), a "Schöppenstuhl" (Court of Justice) and in 1593 added for the Lutheran Church a consistory, which also covered Saxe-Weimar but remained in Jena. Above all, he built, as the core of his government of Coburg, an administrative apparatus, which persisted after his death and survived many political upheavals. Duke Casimir managed to remain neutral in the Thirty Years War until 1629. After he joined the Protestant side under Sweden in 1632, the Imperial and Bavarian troops under Wallenstein carried out the occupation of Coburg and the unsuccessful siege of the Veste. But John Casimir fled on time for Thuringia.
During his reign, the witch trials and burnings were at their height. He allowed 178 witch trials to proceed. In 1593 Duke John Casimir divorced his first wife for adultery and he then held her captive until her death at the Veste. In 1599, he married Margaret, the daughter of William, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. John died in Coburg on 16 July 1633. Because he was childless, his inheritance fell to his brother John Ernst of Saxe-Eisenach.

</doc>
<doc id="9842431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842431" title="Tandem gait">
Tandem gait

Tandem gait is a gait (method of walking or running) where the toes of the back foot touch the heel of the front foot at each step. Neurologists sometimes ask patients to walk in a straight line using tandem gait as a test to help diagnose ataxia, especially truncal ataxia, because sufferers of these disorders will have an unsteady gait. However, the results are not definitive, because many disorders or problems can cause unsteady gait (such as vision difficulties and problems with the motor neurons or associative cortex). Therefore, inability to walk correctly in tandem gait does not prove the presence of ataxia.
Profoundly affected tandem gait with no other perceptible deficits is a defining feature of posterior vermal split syndrome.
Suspects may also be asked to perform a tandem gait walk during the "walk and turn" part of a field sobriety test.

</doc>
<doc id="9842433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842433" title="Jason Lamy-Chappuis">
Jason Lamy-Chappuis

Jason Lamy-Chappuis (born September 9, 1986 in Missoula, Montana, USA) is a Franco-American ski jumper and cross-country skier who has represented France in Nordic combined ski events since 2002. Born in the United States, where he first began competing in skiing events, Chappuis moved with his family to France as a child. Prior to the 2010 Winter Olympics, he had seen success in a number of international competitions, including World Cup events. He won the gold medal in the 10km individual normal hill at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada after passing race leader Johnny Spillane in a dramatic sprint at the finish line. His final time was only .4 seconds faster than Spillane's, the closest finish in a Nordic combined race in Olympic history. Lamy-Chappuis, four times world champion and three times in a row winner of the overall classification of the Nordic Combined World Cup (2010, 2011, 2012) is a member of the "Bois d'Amont" ski club in the French department of Jura. He works for the French border patrol in addition to pursuing his athletic career.
Personal life.
Born to a French father and an American mother in Missoula, Montana, Lamy-Chappuis lived in the United States until he was 5, living mainly at Copper Mountain, Colorado. He participated in his first ski racing events at Club Med in Copper Mountain, Colorado as a child. In 1991, at the age of five, he moved to the small village of Bois-d'Amont in eastern France with his parents. There, he attended school and began more intensive training, but continued to race for NASTAR, the American racing program, that year.
Lamy-Chappuis still has many family members in the United States, many of whom traveled to Vancouver to cheer for him in the 2010 Olympics. He also maintains close ties to the American ski team, resulting in U.S. coach Dave Jarrett suggesting jokingly that Lamy-Chappuis switch back to his American citizenship to compete for them. Before flying to Vancouver for the 2010 Olympics, he attended a pre-Olympic training camp in Park City, Utah with the Americans.
An avid flying enthusiast, Lamy-Chappuis started taking flying lessons at the age of 18, so far logging 70 flight hours. His website reflects his passion for flying and is designed to look like a cockpit. He has stated that he plans to focus on receiving his pilot's license following the 2009–2010 season. In addition to skiing, Lamy-Chappuis works as a French border patrol officer. His nickname is ""Jèz"."
Athletic career.
Lamy-Chappuis' first ski jumping competition was in Les Rousses, France in 1991. Even though it was his first competition, he left as the winner. Since he had won cross-country competitions in the U.S. and ski jumping contests in France, he decided to continue pursuing both events through the Nordic combined. After establishing himself as a top regional skier in France, Lamy-Chappuis competed in his first international event in a European Cup Games competition in Planica, Slovenia during the 1999–2000 season. In 2001–2002, he debuted on the French national junior team, leading to appearances in major competitions in Norway, Sweden, Slovenia, Italy, Finland, and Germany during his teenage years. Although he was routinely ranked among the top competitors on the circuit, Lamy-Chappuis has said that "I don't feel like I ever performed to my full potential on the World Cup circuit."
He participated in his World Cup event in 2004 in Oslo, Norway. In 2006, Lamy-Chappuis became the French champion of the Nordic combined and won two World Cup events, at Kuusamo and Sapporo. He made his Olympic debut at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy, placing 11th in the Nordic combined, 4th in the sprint, and 5th in the team event. His fourth-place finish in the sprint left him less than 15 seconds short of the bronze medal finish time, inspiring him to train harder to avoid such disappointment in the future.
In the 2006–2007 season, Lamy-Chappuis won the World Cup overall sprint ranking and finished second in the general ranking. Lamy-Chappuis participated in and won the 7.5 km sprint event at the 2007 Holmenkollen ski festival. He also won the French national championships that year, a feat he repeated in 2007–2008. In 2009, Lamy-Chappuis won two bronze medals at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Liberec, in the 10 km individual large-hill and 10 km mass-start events.
Olympic Gold Medal.
With five wins and nine podiums, Lamy-Chappuis entered the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada as the World Cup leader in Nordic combined. On Sunday, February 14, Lamy-Chappuis won the Olympic gold medal in the 10km individual normal hill. His winning time was 25:47.1 and came after a frantic finish that involved a last-minute push on his part to beat American Johnny Spillane by .4 seconds. Spillane held the lead until Lamy-Chappuis' final sprint at the finish line eked out the win. It was the closest finish in Olympic Nordic combined history. Earlier in the day, he had finished fifth in the ski jump portion of the competition, one spot behind Spillane. Lamy-Chappuis said after the race that he "honestly didn't think could get the gold medal" after seeing Spillane's lead following the last hill. He attributed his win to Spillane's decision to slow down while entering the stadium, leaving Lamy-Chappuis with the opportunity to glide faster in the final stretch.
The win made Lamy-Chappuis France's second gold medalist of the 2010 Winter Olympics, following Vincent Jay's gold medal earlier in the day in the men's 10 km biathlon sprint. Lamy-Chappuis told the American media that he felt significant pressure from the French media to win the gold medal due to his World Cup success and the belief in the French media that he was "the best chance of a medal for France."

</doc>
<doc id="9842455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842455" title="Meerwein arylation">
Meerwein arylation

The Meerwein arylation is an organic reaction involving the addition of an aryl diazonium salt (ArN2X) to an electron-poor alkene usually supported by a metal salt. The reaction product is an alkylated arene compound. The reaction is named after Hans Meerwein, one of its inventors who first published it in 1939.
An electron-withdrawing group (EWG) on the alkene makes it electron deficient and although the reaction mechanism is unclear, involvement of an aryl radical is presumed after loss of nitrogen in the diazonium salt followed by a free radical addition. In the primary reaction product the intermediate alkyl radical is then captured by the diazonium counterion X which is usually a halogen or a tetrafluoroborate. In a subsequent step an elimination reaction liberates HX (for instance hydrochloric acid) and an aryl vinyl compound is formed. The reaction mechanism from the arene's view ranks as a radical-nucleophilic aromatic substitution.
In a general scope a Meerwein arylation is any reaction between an aryl radical and an alkene. The initial intermediate is an aryl enthenyl radical which can react with many trapping reagents such as hydrogen or halogens or with those based on nitrogen or sulfur.
Scope.
A reported reaction of alkene acrylic acid with an aryl diazonium salt and copper(I) bromide and hydrobromic acid yields the alpha bromo-carboxylic acid. When the alkene is butadiene the initial reaction product with catalyst copper(II) chloride is a 4-chloro-2-butene and after an elimination the aryl substituted butadiene. In a so-called reductive arylation with 3-buten-2-one, titanium trichloride reduces the newly formed double bond. 
In a novel kilogram-scale metal-free Meerwein arylation the diazonium salt is formed from 2-nitroaniline, the alkene isopropenyl acetate is an adduct of propene and acetic acid and the reaction product 2-nitrophenylacetone:

</doc>
<doc id="9842477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842477" title="Central Council of Ex-Muslims">
Central Council of Ex-Muslims

The Central Council of Ex-Muslims (Zentralrat der Ex-Muslime) is a German association (Verein) of non-religious, secular persons who were Muslim or originate from an Islamic country. It was founded on January 21, 2007 and has more than 100 members.
It has since opened branches in Britain and Scandinavia. A Central Committee for Ex-Muslims was also created in the Netherlands. The British chapter is affiliated with The Ex-Muslim Forum. Another Ex-Muslim grassroots group, Ex-Muslims of North America has launched independently in Canada & the US and is now affiliated as well.
Foundation.
The Council was founded by about 30 ex-Muslims including Iranian women's rights activist Mina Ahadi (chairperson), who was sentenced to death in 1981 in her home country; the Turkish-born publicist Arzu Toker (vice chairperson); and Nur Gabbari, the son of an Iraqi clergyman.
Even in lands where execution for apostasy is prohibited, former Muslims are not sure of their lives, as their Muslim relatives may try to kill them. Chairwoman Ahadi has been put under personal security by German police after receiving death threats. Ahadi says that she and other members have been "terrorized".
The choice of the association's name is furthermore deliberate, as it is an allusion to the name of the Central Council of Muslims in Germany, which represents approximately 20,000 of the over 3 million German Muslims, and whose name is an allusion to the Central Council of Jews in Germany.
The Central Council of Ex-Muslims receives support from the Giordano Bruno Foundation in Germany and according to its own claim also by the International League of non-religious and atheists, Bund für Geistesfreiheit München, as well as Humanistischer Pressedienst.
Goals.
On February 28, 2007, the Central Council of Ex-Muslims published details of the association's goals in a press conference at the Bundespressekonferenz in Berlin.
Comparable goals are aspired by the initiative "Secular Islam" of Islam critic Ibn Warraq, who belongs to the signers of the and has published a book called "Leaving Islam. Apostates speak out".
The Council has stated its goals: 
The Council's criticism of Islam.
Arzu Toker stated in an interview that she considers Sharia, Islamic law, as unacceptable and contradicting to both human rights and the values of the German constitution. According to Toker, Islam is anti-woman as it humiliates women and turns them into servants of the men. It is also anti-man, because it reduces men to breeding animals controlled by their urges. She also said that she does not distinguish between Islam and fundamentalism since according to her, "Islam is inherently radical".
The Council is also critical of umbrella organizations in Germany, which they say represent only political Islam and not most of the Muslims in Germany, and accuses them of being responsible for the appalling conditions under which many Muslims in Germany live.
In different interviews Ahadi has stated that it was not possible to reform Islam, that she is critical of all religions and not only of Islam, but that she does not want to abolish religion. The Council would like to live in peaceful and tolerant coexistence with Muslims in Germany.
Council of Ex-Muslims of Britain.
The Council of Ex-Muslims of Britain is the British branch of the organization, representing former Muslims who fear for their lives because they have renounced Islam. It was launched in Westminster on 22 June 2007.
The Council plans to protest against Islamic states that still punish Muslim apostates with death under the Sharia law. The Council is led by Maryam Namazie, who was awarded "Secularist of the Year" in 2005 and has faced death threats.
The British Humanist Association and National Secular Society sponsored the launch and support the new organisation.
The activists of the organization, many of whom are Iranian exiles, support the freedom to criticize religion and the end to what they call "religious intimidation and threats."
Manifesto.
The CEMB in its manifesto states that it does not desire to be represented by regressive Islamic organizations and "Muslim community leaders". It says that by coming forward in public, it represents countless other apostates who fear coming out in public due to death threats. They take a "stand for reason, universal rights and values, and secularism".
The Council in its manifesto also demands several things such as freedom to criticize religion, separation of religion from the state and the "protection of children from manipulation and abuse by religion and religious institutions".

</doc>
<doc id="9842482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842482" title="1997 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament">
1997 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament

The 1997 Atlantic Coast Conference Men's Basketball Tournament took place from March 6-9, 1997 in Greensboro, North Carolina at the Greensboro Coliseum. In what would be Coach Dean Smith's last season as the head coach of The University of North Carolina, his Tar Heels won the tournament, defeating a surprising NC State team in the final.
NC State became the first team in ACC history to advance past the quarterfinal round after playing in the play-in game. The ACC adopted the play-in game format in 1992 when Florida State joined the conference. After defeating top seed Duke in the quarterfinals, NC State surprisingly defeated #5 seed Maryland to advance to the championship game. Their Cinderella run through the tournament ended against rival North Carolina in the final. The 1997 NC State Wolfpack remained the lowest seeded team to ever make the ACC Tournament Final, until the 2007 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament. Shammond Williams was the tournament MVP.

</doc>
<doc id="9842484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842484" title="Carne Ross">
Carne Ross

Carne Ross is the founder and director of Independent Diplomat, a diplomatic advisory group. Born in 1966, Ross has a fraternal twin, Oliver Ross, a successful paediatric anaesthetist in UK. Carne Ross taught in Zimbabwe before attending the University of Exeter where he studied economics and politics. He joined the British foreign service in 1989. Ross's testimony in the Butler Review directly contradicted the British position on the justification behind the invasion of Iraq.
Career.
Ross joined the British Foreign Office and worked at the UK embassy in Bonn, Germany before moving to the UK mission to the UN, where he worked from December 1997 to June 2002. 
At the UN, Ross served as the UK delegation's expert on the Middle East. Ross also worked on several important Security Council resolutions such as SCR 1284 which rewrote the Council's Iraq policy and established UNMOVIC, the weapons inspection body. He also negotiated for the UK the resolution establishing the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan and the Council's resolution of 12 September 2001 condemning the attacks of the day before. 
Ross then served as Strategy Coordinator for the UN in Kosovo (UNMIK) where he devised and led a joint UN and government policy to implement a series of standards to improve governance, the rule of law and human rights protection, and advised the Secretary-General's Special Representative on diplomatic and political tactics.
He left the British civil service in 2004 after 15 years of service. He is now a supporter of a UN Parliamentary Assembly. In 2004, he founded the non-governmental organisation Independent Diplomat.
Testimony on the UK's role in the invasion of Iraq.
Ross testified during the Butler Review, which investigated intelligence blunders in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq. He testified that at no time during his work on Iraq (1998-2002) did the UK or US assess that Iraq's WMD posed a threat. He also argued that available alternatives to war, namely targeting Iraq's illegal oil revenues, were ignored. This testimony directly challenged Blair's assertions that the war was legally justified by Saddam Hussein's possession of weapons of mass destruction which posed a threat to British interests. The testimony was published by the Commons Select Committee on Foreign Affairs after MPs sought assurances from the Foreign Office that it would not breach the Official Secrets Act. In an interview with the Brooklyn Rail, Ross stated that "in many ways, the sanctions on the Iraqi people were worse than the war because the economy was taken back decades and the health service deteriorated massively."
Publications and artistic endeavours.
Ross published a book called "Independent Diplomat: Dispatches from an Unaccountable Elite" in 2007 and a book called "The Leaderless Revolution" in 2011. He wrote a play called "The Fox", which enjoyed a short run in New York in early 2001. He also appeared as an extra in an Alan Partridge Christmas Special.
He is acknowledged and thanked by author John le Carre in his latest book A Delicate Truth which has been just been recently published. Le Carre goes on to say that his work "would have been poorer" without Ross's "example and pithy advice"
Private Life.
Ross is the grandson of Alan S.C. Ross.

</doc>
<doc id="9842489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842489" title="Mad Forest">
Mad Forest

Mad Forest: A Play from Romania is a play by English playwright Caryl Churchill. The three acts occur, respectively, shortly before, during, and shortly after the Romanian Revolution of 1989. The play is mostly written in English, but has several passages in Romanian, including having the cast sing Romania's national anthem, "Deşteaptă-te, române!".
The title alludes to a passage in "A Concise History of Romania" by Andrei Oţetea and Andrew MacKenzie that says that Bucharest stands on land that used to be an impenetrable forest "impenetrable by the foreigner who did not know the paths", known to "the horsemen of the steppe" as "Teleorman — Mad Forest" ("see Codrii Vlăsiei").
The play.
The first act ("Lucia's Wedding") and the third act ("Florina's Wedding) are dramatic fictions. The second act ("December") is based on interviews conducted by the playwright, a director, and ten Romanian student actors.
The first act is set in Communist Romania, several months before the Revolution, and establishes an atmosphere permeated by the Securitate (Romania's secret police), in which one young woman's engagement to an American draws scrutiny on all of her family and associates. The second act—using the same actors to portray an entirely different set of characters—recounts the events of December 21–December 25, 1989 in Bucharest. The third act, set largely in a hospital where one of the characters from Act I is recovering from injuries sustained during the fighting engage matters such as Romanian perceptions of the Hungarian minority and many conflicting views as the extent to which the events December 1989 and the rise of Ion Iliescu constituted a "coup d'état" versus a revolution.
While much of the play is naturalistic, it also includes several surreal passages: minor characters include an angel, a vampire, and a ghost.
Performance history.
In March 1990, commissioned by London's Central School of Speech and Drama, Caryl Churchill traveled to Bucharest with director Mark Wing-Davey and ten Speech and Drama students to research the play. They stayed with Romanian drama students and their families, and worked with about 40 Romanian drama students to develop the play. Wing-Davey even had the chance to interview a former Securitate agent, who became a character in the play. Within two months of their return to England it was in production.
Although Churchill was already an established playwright—her plays, such as "Top Girls" had already played in the West End and on Broadway—it premiered on "a small stage in the Embassy Theatre in North London" performed by the Speech and Drama students. The following autumn it was staged at London's Royal Court Theatre. It had its New York City premiere November 22, 1991 at the Perry Street Theatre. The New York cast included Garret Dillahunt, Tim Blake Nelson, Jake Weber and Calista Flockhart.
Critical views.
The play received almost universally favorable reviews, although some felt it had "rough edges". Frank Rich, reviewing the New York premiere, wrote, "There is nothing kneejerk about "Mad Forest"… a full 18 months after the London opening, the piece has not dated the way that newspaper accounts of the same history already have. … The technique of "Mad Forest" is elliptical and atmospheric … In Act III … paroxysms of xenophobia and paranoia … often seem even more frightening than the sullen episodes of repression that preceded them."
Rich remarks that the "conventional political satire" in the early part of the play is later overwhelmed by "a more surreal form of theater": it introduces a vampire, an archangel who collaborated with the fascist Iron Guard in the 1930s, questions (initially through the vehicle of a paranoid character, but later through others) whether what occurred in Romania was a revolution or a putsch, and finally ends in "drunken revelry and sadistic, retributive violence."

</doc>
<doc id="9842517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842517" title="Reading Youth Orchestra">
Reading Youth Orchestra

Reading Youth Orchestra (RYO) is one of the oldest youth orchestras in Britain. It was formed in 1944 with just eleven members and has a history rooted strongly in the British Youth and Community Service. It is open to all young people in the general area of Reading in the English county of Berkshire; admission is by audition. The orchestra, whose members range from fourteen to nineteen years of age, meets on Friday evenings to prepare for its three annual concerts. The orchestra celebrated its 60th birthday in 2004.
RYO has toured to European cities and regularly holds summer courses.
Reading Youth Orchestra is supported by Friends of RYO (FRYO).
History (1944-1954).
Reading Youth Orchestra was founded in 1944, after the Youth Committee of the time had begun instrumental lessons for modest fees (sixpence, or 2.5p today). The conductor was Humphrey Hare, senior science master at Leighton Park and amateur musician. It had its first rehearsal on 29 October 1944, with 11 players, many of whom could not even read music. This number slowly increased, fed by pupils from Leighton Park and Kendrick Schools, and some of the teachers playing along. 
In March 1945, the orchestra made its debut in a small-scale concert playing simple pieces like Handel's Scipio. On 16 November 1945, the orchestra performed for the first time movements from major works in a joint concert with Reading Youth Choir. The programme included Strauss' Blue Danube waltz. 
In 1947, RYO went on their first tour to Zaandam in the Netherlands. 
The concert of February 1948 saw the premiere of a Fugue specially composed for, and dedicated to Reading Youth Orchestra by Humphrey Hare. This fugue is featured on one of the 78 RPM records recorded on 23 May at Leighton Park.
On 8 August 1949, the now sixty strong orchestra went to Düsseldorf for a week's visit during which they gave four concerts, which were very much appreciated by local people who came to see them. 
The fifth anniversary concert in March 1950 marked the five years since the first concert in March 1945. 
In August 1950, RYO toured again to Germany. The cost to members was £13.00. Five concerts were given, finishing with a return visit to Düsseldorf. 
The tour to Denmark in August 1951 was organised by RYO’s new conductor, Mark Wigram, at the Invitation of the World Friendship Association. The orchestra travelled as two separate parties. One travelled by air and had five days in Denmark before the other party arrived. The other party travelled by sea and stayed on a further five days after the air party had left. In addition to the usual sight seeing program, which included the Carlsberg breweries. The orchestra gave three concerts. The second concert was notable because part of it was broadcast on Danish National Radio. The final concert of the tour was given in the concert hall of the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen.
Mark Wigram’s last concert with RYO, in February 1952, included the first public performance of Serenade (for small orchestra) by Richard Bennett, now Richard Rodney Bennett, who played in the percussion section of the orchestra. In 1959, at the age of 23, Bennett also composed an overture that was dedicated to Reading Youth Orchestra. This remained unplayed for many years in its full orchestral form, although it received its first public performance as part of the fiftieth anniversary celebrations in 1994.
The concert given in June 1953 celebrated the Coronation of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. 
The tenth anniversary concert, conducted by John Russell, was held in the town hall on Friday, 16 July 1954. During the concert, Gwynneth Reed was presented with a bouquet of flowers and later a brooch after six years with the orchestra. Following the tenth anniversary concert, John Russell handed over the baton to Edward Underhill who had been deputy conductor since the early years of the orchestra’s life.

</doc>
<doc id="9842522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842522" title="List of USHL players drafted by NHL teams">
List of USHL players drafted by NHL teams

List of United States Hockey League players drafted by the National Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="9842535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842535" title="List of Hollyoaks locations">
List of Hollyoaks locations

The following is a list of locations and properties often seen on the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks".
Locations.
Hollyoaks village.
Hollyoaks is the main setting for the series. It is a fictional village in Chester, Cheshire. The majority of the characters live in the centre of the village, however some, for example the McQueens live just outside. Outside the centre includes Hollyoaks Comprehensive school and a number of flats in which many characters live or have lived. Also a cemetery, swimming pool and a number of houses. Many characters have been seen to go to nearby Liverpool and Manchester for nights out or to get away from village stress. The exterior of the village's buildings resembles the Chester Rows.
Hollyoaks High School.
Hollyoaks High School is the local comprehensive high school which includes a sixth form. The school is one of the main settings of "Hollyoaks", with several characters being students and working within the school. Govinda Roy and Rob O'Connor are the most recent headmasters, the most recent headmaster Pete Hamill left after making his final appearance in September 2011, The current headmaster is Patrick Blake, the father of Sienna Blake and biological father of Mark "Dodger" Savage. Other characters who have worked here include Becca Dean, Sally Hunter, Pete Webster, Tina Reilly, Russ Owen, Nancy Hayton, Kathy Barnes, Jacqui McQueen, Des Townsend, Kris Fisher, Leo Valentine, Eva Strong, Amy Barnes and Jen Gilmore. In November 2009, another local school named Abbey Hill was forced to merge with it. In September 2011, The sixth form college separated from the high school, making them two different locations. It is no longer featured on the programme with the sixth form college and students taking the place of the high school, The building was reverted to a high school in 2013, also including a sixth form.
Current students: Holly Cunningham, Finn O'Connor, Tom Cunningham, Peri Lomax.
Current staff: Patrick Blake, Diane O'Connor, Nancy Hayton, Danny Lomax, Dirk Savage.
Hollyoaks Community College.
Hollyoaks Community College commonly known as the HCC is the local college in Hollyoaks village, supplying teenagers with further education. It is located in the central Hollyoaks village and contains student halls of residence within its grounds. It also had an adjoining student union bar.
Current students: George Smith Blessing Chambers
Dee Valley Police Station.
The local police station where Calvin Valentine, Carmel Valentine, Dominic Reilly and Ethan Scott previously worked. Seen regularly when characters are arrested or questioned by police. DI Lomax begins working here and when Sonny Valentine returns to the village, he begins work there.
Current Staff: Sam Lomax, Sonny Valentine
Dee Valley University Hospital.
The local NHS hospital to Hollyoaks Village. It is seen regularly when characters are injured or ill. Past employees include Doctor Browning, Mercedes Fisher, Lynsey Nolan and Suzanne Ashworth.
Current staff: Lindsey Butterfield, Sandy Roscoe.
St. Timothy's Catholic Church.
A Catholic church that is located outside of the village and has been used since 2008. Kieron Hobbs was posted here before he left the church to continue his relationship with John Paul McQueen, Father Raymond was once the parish priest. As of 2012 the parish priest is Father Des. The church has held the weddings of Steph Dean and Max Cunningham, as well as his funeral, and Carmel McQueen and Calvin Valentine. Various funerals have also been held in the church, characters including Tina Reilly, Warren Fox and Sarah Barnes and Calvin Valentine.
Businesses.
The Dog in the Pond.
The Dog in the Pond (briefly The Jolly Roger; commonly referred to as The Dog) is the local public house. Jack Osborne owned The Dog until 2008. In September 2006, The Dog was caught in an explosion and was destroyed in the fire. The house above's occupants, Darren Osborne, Steph, Craig and Jake Dean, were trapped inside and they nearly died. Five other people died in the fire. Several months later, The Dog was re-built and re-opened with a new look. Darren lost ownership of the pub after a game of poker with Warren Fox in December 2007. However, Warren gave his half of the pub back to Jack but not before Jack borrowed £100,000 from loan sharks which was taken in an armed robbery. In 2008, Jack's wife Frankie Osborne was forced to auction the pub in order to pay the family's debts. Warren and local businessman Neville Ashworth both attended the auction. Frankie paid Neville money to stop Warren from buying the pub. Neville and his family moved in, briefly renaming it The Jolly Roger. The name was changed back to The Dog in the Pond a few days later. The Ashworths moved to Spain in July 2010 and quickly sold it to Carl Costello. He and his family then moved in. Carl gave Jack the job of manager. After Carl moves to America, his son Riley asks Darren Osborne and his family to move in and run the place for him.
In 2012, Building work on the Dog took place off-screen after Riley Costello decided that it was time for a major refurbishment. The Grand Opening took place on 15 June 2012, but was interrupted after the Osbournes realise that the Savages have taken up residence in their new houseboat just outside the pub. In 2012 Mitzeee Minniver was left The Dog In The Pond in Riley Costello's will, however she left the running of the pub to the Osbornes. A number of weeks after Mitzeee's departure, the Osbornes obtain the money to buy the pub themselves.
Owner/Landlords:Darren Osborne, Nancy Osborne, Jack Osborne
Employees: Frankie Osborne, Robbie Roscoe
The Loft.
The Loft is a nightclub is located within the main village. It has been owned by a number of residents including Scott Anderson, Max Cunningham and Warren Fox. In 2010, the club was bought by Cheryl Brady and silent partner Danny Houston. At this time it was renamed Chez Chez. In December 2010, Danny signed his half of Chez Chez to Warren. In April 2011, Cheryl sold 49% of her share to her brother Brendan, keeping the other 2% for herself so neither Brendan or Warren could make a decision without agreeing or having her consent. when Warren is convicted for the murder of Louise Summers he signs his shares over to his son Joel Dexter. Mitzeee works here briefly as events manager before quitting. Ste Hay was chief barman here before quitting to set up his own business.In January 2012 Ash Kane starts working there and also uses Brendan for her course work. An old jail friend of Brendan's, Walker, also starts working there but leaves after his betrayal of Brendan is revealed. In December 2012, Brendan agrees to allow Maxine Minniver and Liam Gilmore along with Mitzeee to open up their own pop-up cocktail bar within the club. Joel leaves in 2013 after being forced out of the village by Brendan, after signing over his shares to him for £200,000 that Joel does not receive. Mitzeee later leaves the village whilst Maxine continues to work there. Kevin Foster starts working there when Walker gets him to spy on Brendan, he is sacked after accusing Brendan of sexual assault. Sienna Blake also starts working there in March 2013. Both Brendan and Cheryl leave in 2013 and the club is put up for sale in auction, which is sold to Doctor Browning after he decides to go into business with Clare Devine, after Clare is arrested for kidnapping Browning and Mercedes, Jim McGinn buys one half of the club and goes into business with Browning, they hire their respective partners Carmel Valentine and Mercedes Fisher to run the club. Mercedes later gives Sinead O'Connor a job after she quits her job at Price Slice. Chez Chez was rebranded back to the previous name of 'The Loft' in June 2013 ahead of the clubs' relaunch. Browning sells his shares to a secret investor, not knowing its Trevor Royle who later hires Freddie Roscoe to rob the money from the sale back from Browning. 3 months later, Trevor decides to get Freddie to set fire to the club and frame Jim for arson. He does so unaware that girlfriend, Sinead & Maxine Minniver are trapped inside however both are saved by Dodger Savage. Clare Devine is revealed as the daughter of owner Fraser Black and takes over ownership after she is released from prison Shortly before being ran over and killed by Doctor Browning. After Clare's death, Fraser's other daughter Grace Black arrives and announces she will be running the club for her father. In March 2014, Trevor announces he is going straight and is leaving Fraser, his dodgy dealings & The Loft. In April 2014, Fraser is killed by an unknown assassin and the shares in the club are divided evenly between Grace, Tegan Lomax (until her and Fraser's daughter Rose reaches 18) and his wife Sandy Roscoe who then later hands her shares over to her son Freddie Roscoe Infuriating Grace.
Owners: Grace Black (33.3%), Freddie Roscoe (33.3%) & Tegan Lomax (33.3%) 
Employees: Mercedes McQueen Bar Manager
Price Slice.
Price Slice is a supermarket, which was formerly a beauty salon named Evissa. Price Slice was first seen in December 2010. Frankie Osborne began working here, as a manager, to bring in extra money for her family and George Smith was given a job here, while homeless. The shop owner later sacks Frankie and employs Cindy Cunningham to replace her and Cindy is also given the Price Slice flat. Her daughter, Holly Cunningham also begins working here and when she is expelled, Sinead O'Connor begins to work here but, when she insults Cindy, she gets sacked. However in March 2014, when desperate for a job, Sinead is given back her job by Cindy. In May 2014, Holly runs away from the village with Jason Roscoe and stops working at Price Slice.
Manager: Cindy Cunningham
Employees: Sinead Roscoe
College Coffee.
A new coffee shop opened up in late 2011, briefly managed by Tony Hutchinson. It is to be used as a new hangout for the students in the village There is no known employees working here. Previously employees included Amy Barnes, Tony Hutchinson, Cindy Longford, Rhys Ashworth, Jono, George Smith, Vincent Elegba and Maxine Minniver who managed the place for a short period.
Florist.
A new flower shop opened in early 2012 in the centre of the village, replacing MOOBS Juice Bar. Ricky Campbell did work there until he left the village and Myra McQueen started working there in September 2012 shortly after leaving prison, until a year later. Martha Kane also worked here until she left in November 2013. Theresa McQueen worked here until she is fired when the place is placed under new management, however they sell it to Grace Black who immediately gives it to her boyfriend, Trevor Royle as a present. He plans to turn it into 'Trevor's Tropical Fish' but, for the meantime leaves it as a florists. It temporarily closes while Trevor is jailed.
The Hutch.
It was previously Attwell's Gym. In October 2013, Tony Hutchinson told his fiancee, Diane O'Connor, of his plans to transform the gym into a restaurant and by January 2014, Tony had started work on the gym and finds dry rot in the walls. He gets a dodgy loan from Trevor Royle (Greg Wood). He then goes into a partnership with Ste Hay (Kieron Richardson) after he sells the deli. Tony & Ste call the new restaurant, The Hutch. It is first seen on 3 February 2014, where Trevor informs Tony that he will be taking ownership in the restaurant too. The grand opening takes place on 4 February 2014. Trevor makes a deal with Ste to import the drugs to The Hutch and release Tony from his deal. Tony eventually discovers this.
Owners: Tony Hutchinson & Ste Hay
Employees: Diane O'Connor, Finn O'Connor
Savage's Emporium.
Savage's Emporium is Dennis and Dirk Savage's new emporium, where they serve antiques. It was formerly a landerette, called Washed Up, Tan & Tumble, Cindy's boutique, Cincerity and more recently, Carter & Hay Delicatessen . The emporium is set to open in February 2014. In January 2014, Ste Hay decides to sell the deli but when a fire occurs in the deli the following month while Jason Roscoe and Holly Cunningham are inside, it leaves it damaged and the buyer removes his offer. Dennis suggests to Dirk that they rent it out and they agree. They ask Ste and he lets them rent it out. Dennis, Dodger & Dirk have been painting it up and making suitable ever since the fire and the grand opening takes place on 17 March 2014. 
Owners: Dennis Savage & Dirk Savage
Employees: Dodger Savage
Roscoes' Motor Maintenance.
Roscoes' Motor Maintenance is the garage owned by the Roscoes. The garage opened on 28 May 2013. Joe, Freddie and Ziggy Roscoe work here. Their younger brothers Robbie and Jason sometimes help out. Joe is left in a coma after he is locked inside the council flats while demolition takes place. Ziggy begins to struggle sorting the books without Joe around so decides to employ a secretary. He employs George Smith. Joe later wakes up and returns to work at the garage. 
Owners: Sandy Roscoe
Employees: Joe Roscoe, Freddie Roscoe, Ziggy Roscoe, George Smith.
Former Businesses/Locations.
Got it Taped.
Got it Taped was a video store, run by Tony Hutchinson, until he closed it after a cinema was opened in the village.
Parker's Restaurant.
Parker's Restaurant was a local restaurant, previously owned by Maddie Parker until her exit.
Body Boost.
Body Boost was a leisure centre, owned by Richard Taylor. Body Boost also included a gym and a swimming pool, which was seen several times when characters would exercise. One of the most memorable events in Body Boost was when Richard's daughter Darlene Taylor was pushed through a window by his partner's son Justin Burton, resulting in Darlene having to undergo surgery. The swimming pool was last seen in late 2007, when Sam "O.B." O'Brien was taking Tom Cunningham to swimming lessons in a bid to impress socialite Summer Shaw. This ended with Tom nearly drowning. Previous employees include Simon Crosby and Gilly Roach.
St. Paul's Catholic Church.
A modern Catholic Church that held the double weddings of Mercedes Fisher and Russ Owen and Tina McQueen and Dominic Reilly. The weddings were held by Father Raymond. The church has not been seen since 2007, and the next time a Catholic church was called for, it was replaced by St. Timothy's, a much older Church.
St. Eustace's Catholic Church.
An abandoned Catholic Church first seen in 2008. A 14 year old Myra McQueen was forced to abandon her first-born son Matthew at this church. The priest was known as Father Patrick. When the church was seen in 2008, it was not used. Niall kidnapped all of his siblings and his mother and held them hostage inside the church, he then blew it up. The church is now in a state of disrepair and has not been seen since.
Call centre.
A call centre located just outside the main village. It was first introduced in July 2009. The manager was Sheila Buxton, who hired Zoe Carpenter, Sarah Barnes, Zak Ramsey and Kris Fisher, who she then promoted. Sarah quit after her first full day and Kris was forced to sack Zak. Zoe began to hate Kris due to his bossiness, however refused to quit as she needed a job. Zoe then made Kris see himself and how selfish he was acting, he then stood down from the assistant manager's position. Sheila then promoted Zoe, who quit when she got a better job offer, leaving Kris the only one of the group still working there. In October 2009, Zak returned and Elliot Bevan began working. Later in 2009, all of the staff quit and the call centre was ultimately shut down.
Evissa.
Evissa was a beauty salon located by Chez Chez nightclub. The property was previously a pharmacy until it was purchased by Sean Kennedy and Louise Summers. Warren Fox later owned Evissa until his apparent death, after which, Spencer Gray. Spencer left the village in 2010, selling Evissa. It has since been renovated into a supermarket called Price Slice.
Il Gnosh.
Il Gnosh was the local Italian-themed restaurant. It was owned by Tony Hutchinson and its previous names include Gnosh Village (pronounced vil-"arzh") and Deva, when it was run by the Morgan family. It is often informally referred to as Gnosh. In 2010, the restaurant was set on fire following an arson attack. The fire killed Steph Roach and Malachy Fisher. Following the fire, Tony opened a new spa called Look Sharpe, but later went on to sell it to Cindy Longford and she renamed it Cinergy.
Drive 'n' Buy.
Drive 'n' Buy was a convenience store located beside Cincerity. The shop was previously owned by Max Cunningham, who inherited it from his late father Gordon Cunningham. Max then sold the shop to Neville Ashworth and his family. The Ashworths moved to Spain in July 2010, putting the shop up for sale. The shop was damaged in the Il Gnosh fire of November 2010. Drive 'N' Buy is now part of Cindy Longford's spa, Cinergy.
The Loft.
The Loft was the name of the local nightclub.
However, in August 2010, it was purchased by Cheryl Brady and Danny Houston and renamed 'Chez Chez'. As The Loft, the club has seen several dramatic events, including Clare being pushed from the balcony by Justin Burton and in 2009, Clare burning the club down, which led to then-owner Warren's apparent death. When Dr Browning & Jim McGinn buy it in June 2013, they rename it 'The Loft'
Relish.
Relish opened as a takeaway in 2008, owned by Ash Roy. In January 2009, Gaz Bennett burned down Relish as revenge on Ash. After the refurbishment, Ash turned it into a 50s-style diner. Ash put Relish up for sale after leaving the village. However, Ravi re-opened it with Ste Hay as a new chef. In June and July 2010, Relish was the victim of many racist attacks. This included vandalism, graffiti and even a smoke bomb, which was used by Des Townsend to hurt Ravi. Previous employees include Lauren Valentine, Barry "Newt" Newton, Gaz Bennett, Anita Roy and Rae Wilson. In 2011 Theresa reveals that she has lost her job as Relish is closing down.
MOOBS.
MOOBS was a juice bar located in the centre of the village, owned by Darren Osborne. It was previously called The Octagon, which Tony Hutchinson had owned as part of Il Gnosh, until Max Cunningham bought it, briefly calling it Gnot Gnosh. Max and his friend Sam "O.B." O'Brien named their new business MOBS, from conjoining their names together. After Max died in 2008, Steph Cunningham inherited the business. Previous employees include Sam "O.B." O'Brien, Summer Shaw, Cindy Cunningham, Mandy Richardson, Sasha Valentine, Steph Cunningham and Cheryl Brady. In March 2011, Darren & Duncan Button took over the business renaming it 'MOOBS' which translates into 'Memories Of Our Beautiful Steph'. Duncan leaves in 2011 in the hope of setting up a new smoothie bar in Spain with Neville Ashworth. In December 2011, Darren is forced to close down after failing to do enough business. In late March after Ash Kane's meningitis scare, it is shown to have re-opened as a florists.
Myra McQueen currently works there.
Cincerity.
Cincerity was a local boutique and former laundrette and tanning shop. As a launderette, it was named Washed Up. Mike Barnes was the manager, with Tony Hutchinson as the owner. Ash Roy later bought it from Tony, with Jacqui McQueen managing it. During Ash's time, he introduced a spray-tanning option for customers, renaming it Tan and Tumble. When he left, he sold it again to Tony, who turned it into a clothes shop called Cincerity, ran by his then-wife Cindy Hutchinson. After Tony and Cindy divorced, he said she could keep the shop as security for her and daughter Holly Cunningham. After Cindy left with new husband Alistair Longford, the shop was bought by Gabby Sharpe with silent partner Heidi Costello. India Longford also worked here until her death. Heidi is later murdered, leaving Cindy the sole owner of the shop. In January 2012, owner Cindy goes bankrupt and reveals she has lost all her businesses, meaning Cincerity is closed down.
Cinergy.
Cinergy previously Look Sharpe was a day spa formerly owned by Tony Hutchinson and later by Cindy Longford, a redevelopment of Tony's previous business "Il Gnosh" which burned down November 2010. Cinergy/Look Sharpe opened in January 2011, in a special 3000th episode. The name Look Sharpe was a dedicatement of his lover Gabby Sharpe and her family. The spa is often seen with residents coming to pamper themselves and get fit. Tony sold the business to his ex-wife Cindy in 2011, however Tony remained manager. Tony is later replaced by ex-wife Mandy Richardson. Mandy once again leaves the village in September 2011. In October both Theresa McQueen and Rob Edwards get jobs at the spa. In January 2012, after facing financial problems Cinergy was closed and was later seen boarded up. Other past employees include Noah Baxter, Carmel Valentine, Gilly Roach and Bart McQueen. Cinergy is later replaced with a new gym, where Carmel Valentine begins working.
Hollyoaks Sixth Form College.
Hollyoaks Sixth Form College is was an exclusive college for sixth form students. It was opened in September 2011 which included students who have finished their education at Hollyoaks High School. There was also a number of new students introduced in September 2011 including Tilly Evans, Maddie Morrison and Martin 'Jono' Johnson. The set of the new college uses the same interior set that was used for the high school, It become a new focal point for the students of Hollyoaks. In November 2012, students Maddie, Neil Cooper and Martin 'Jono' Johnson died after the minibus they had stolen crashed into a double wedding reception. A new set of teens also joined the college in September 2012 including Esther Bloom, Ruby Button, Phoebe Jackson and Dylan Shaw. Tilly Evans is expelled from the college in 2013 after Art teacher Jen Gilmore reports her for "harassing" and "stalking" her in the college, however she is reinstated when the turh about the affair came out and Jen is sacked and arrested. Sinead O'Connor is expelled after her part in Esther's bullying ordeal is revealed. Current staff include counselor Diane O'Connor, English teacher John Paul McQueen and newly hired headmaster Patrick Blake who replaces Mr Keeler. Other past students include Duncan Button, Ricky Campbell and Lacey Kane. In 2013 the college was reverted to Hollyoaks High School, meaning it would once again feature all students in secondary education.
SU Bar.
The Student Union Bar is the local watering hole for the village's population of college students. The SU Bar is actually the same building that was used as Bar Brookie in Channel 4 soap "Brookside". Previous employees include Charlotte Lau and Justin Burton. In 2010, Cheryl rented the bar for her 'Chez Chez at the SU' whilst building work started on Chez Chez nightclub. In late 2011, Dodger Savage took over as trainee bar manager. As of 2013, the SU Bar is no longer featured on the show as the set is now used for the Dee Valley Hospital.
Atwell's.
Attwell's is a gym that opened in April 2012. It was formerly known as Cinergy. In October 2012 the gym was auctioned and sold. Liam Gilmore takes over the gym for a brief time, before he sells it to Tony Hutchinson and his wife Cindy who also starts working here. Past staff include Rob Edwards, Leanne Holiday, Liam Gilmore and Theresa McQueen. Tony decides to transform the gym into a restaurant, which he calls The Hutch.
Carter & Hay Delicatessen.
Carter & Hay Delicatessen is Ste Hay and Doug Carter's new deli, where they serve food. It was formerly a landerette, called Washed Up, then Tan & Tumble and then Cindy's boutique, Cincerity. The deli opens on 7 May 2012. Barney Harper-McBride works here briefly. After Ste discovers that Brendan Brady gave Doug the loan to obtain the deli, he agrees to have to him as a silent partner, but quickly changes his mind and Brendan cancels the debt. Leanne Holiday and Texas Longford occasionly help out. Robbie Roscoe worked briefly as a delivery boy who was secretly using the orders to smuggle drugs for Ste. Robbie`s brother Jason took over as delivery boy for a few days before discovering the drugs he had been inadvertently smuggling. In October 2013, Doug was killed in a bomb explosion leaving Ste to run the deli alone. In January 2014, Ste is left Doug's half of the deli in his will but he decides to sell the deli because of the memories of him and Doug. A fire occurs in the deli the following month while Jason Roscoe and Holly Cunningham are inside, damaging it and meaning the buyer will not want to buy the deli anymore. Dennis & Dirk Savage asks Ste if they can rent it out as an emporium and he agrees; renaming it, Savage's Emporium.
Florist.
A new flower shop opened in early 2012 in the centre of the village, replacing Moobs juice Bar. Ricky Campbell did work there until he left the village. Myra McQueen started working there in September 2012 shortly after leaving prison, until September 2013. Martha Kane also worked here until she left. Theresa McQueen worked here until she is fired when the place is placed under new management, however they sell it to Grace Black who turns it into a tropical fish shop, calling it Trevor's Tropical Fish.
Residences.
1 Stockton Lane.
The house above The Dog in the Pond public house. It is the current residency for the Osborne Family. Previous owners include the Dean, Ashworth and Costello families. The home, along with the bar, was burnt down in September 2006, when five people died and several other were injured. When the Osbornes suffered financial crisis, they sold it to Neville Ashworth (Jim Millea). By 2010, all the Ashworths had moved out and sold it to Carl Costello (Paul Opacic), who moved in with his family. Following Heidi (Kim Tiddy)'s death and Carl & Seth Costello (Miles Higson)'s departure, Riley (Rob Norbury) decides to move out and asks the Osborne family to move back in and run the place for him. In summer 2013, Nancy (Jessica Fox) was kicked out of "1 Stockdale Lane" after her supposed friend, Sienna Blake (Anna Passey) plotted and succeed in stealing her life. Darren Osborne (Ashley Taylor Dawson), Sienna & his son, Oscar later move out after it is revealed that Sandy Roscoe (Gillian Taylforth) is his mum and Charlie Dean (Charlie Behan) later joins them but, two months later, Darren, Sienna, Oscar & Charlie move back in after Darren and Jack sort out their issues. When Sienna's lies are exposed, she is sent to an psychiatric ward and Darren and Nancy sort out their relationship but, it later collapses resulting in Nancy moving back in and Darren moving out. They later reunite and Darren returns to the Osborne home.
2 Oakdale Drive.
Former home of the Davies family, then the Burton and Taylor families. It was bought by the Valentine family in 2006. They left the village in 2010. Cheryl Brady lived here for a short period between 2009 and 2010, before moving in with Steph. Cheryl moved back in with her friends and brother when the Valentines left. Cheryl kicked Malachy Fisher out when he made an accusation that her brother Brendan Brady was the one who attacked her and stole lodgings from the club. Brendan moved out after he was arrested for the murder of Rae and Cheryl later kicked Lynsey out after her allegations against Silas. Cheryl invited Gilly to stay with her after he moved out of the Osbornes. He later left the village for a new start. Lynsey moves back in after she makes up with Cheryl. In summer 2012, Lynsey is murdered by Paul Browning and months later, Cheryl & Brendan's abusive dad, Seamus Brady arrives and January 2013, sees Joel leave the village while Brendan moves in with boyfriend, Ste Hay. Following The death of Seamus and Cheryl's departure from the village it is currently empty. In September 2013, Danny Lomax bought 2 Oakdale Drive as a love shaft for him and John Paul McQueen. Danny's wife, Sam and daughter, Peri move in with him. After Danny's son, Ste lost his home after a bomb explosion there, he moved in with the Lomaxes. Danny's other daughters, Leela and Tegan move in along with Tegan's new-born daughter, Rose. Ste later moves out after not being able to cope with the guilt of knowing about Danny's affair with John McQueen (James Sutton) but, Ste moves back in along with Leah and Lucas following his drama with Fraser Black (Jesse Birdsall).
3 Oakdale Drive.
Bought originally by Max Cunningham, who lived there with his half-brother Tom and best friend Sam "O.B." O'Brien. Max's first wife Clare Devine lived there also but moved after they split up. OB then left to live with his girlfriend Summer Shaw whilst Max's new girlfriend Steph Dean moved in. Max died on he and Steph's wedding day in June 2008. His sisters Mandy Richardson and Cindy Cunningham, with their daughters Ella Richardson and Holly Cunningham briefly moved in. Steph's mother Frankie Osborne, stepfather Jack Osborne, and foster brother Barry Newton also moved in when they became homeless. In October 2009, Cindy moved in with Tony Hutchinson whilst Steph, Jack, Newt and Tom moved into 65 Christleton Terrace. The flat was then rented to the Roy family and Ste Hay. In early 2010, Leila left for Paris and Ste moved back into his old flat. Jem Costello and Eva Strong moved in during 2010. Jem later moved back in with her family.
Ravi later went to live with his family in Middlesbrough after his condition worsened. Eva and Anita later moved out.
The flat was next seen when fitness instructor Noah Baxter and policeman Ethan Scott moved in, and they organised a competition for a new flatmate, which Doug Carter won. Noah leaves for a job in Newcastle. Texas Longford and Leanne Holiday move in after moving out of the student halls. Dennis Savage also moves in after arriving in the village, Ethan moves out after confessing to his hit and run crime. In summer 2012 Dodger moved in when he and Texas became a couple, however when Texas left with Doug for America, Dodger moves back into the Savage boat. When Texas & Doug return in January 2013, they both return to 3 Oakdale Drive but Texas is subsequently murdered, leaving Will and Doug as the only real residents as Leanne is wrongly convicted of the murder, Leanne is released after Anna Blake admits to the murder. In September 2013, Doug moves in with boyfriend, Ste Hay and the following month, a bomb is brought into the flat and explodes, killing Doug, Leanne and Ash Kane who lives the flat above. Dennis moves in with Dodger & Dirk. Shortly after, Trevor Royle moves in and in February 2014, his girlfriend, Grace Black, moves in.
4 Oakdale Drive.
Owned by Neville Ashworth, it is the former home to the Owen family and now home to the Barnes family, who moved in when Mike and Sarah Barnes discovered Kathy Barnes had slept with Rhys Ashworth. The rest of the family joined the pair and they decided to stay. Sarah died in October 2009 after a parachute jump that was sabotaged by Lydia Hart. Mike invited Lydia to stay at the family home, not knowing she murdered his daughter. As a plan to prove Lydia had murdered Sarah, Zoe Carpenter moved into the house. Mike and Zoe later left Hollyoaks and Amy moved in with Ste Hay. 
Neville left and Tony Hutchinson bought the house. Several people including Dominic Reilly, Jacqui McQueen, Aleksander Malota, Carmel McQueen, Tina Reilly, Ste Hay and Mandy Richardson have previously lived in the house. In 2010, the Sharpe family moved in with Tony. In November 2010, a fire had occurred in Il Gnosh forcing Tony, Gabby and the kids to move out. The flat was later refurbished along with Tony's new business. In 2012 students Barney Harper McBride and Rob Edwards rent out Tony's spare room. In late 2012, it is shown that Barney & Rob had moved out as well as Cindy's daughter, Holly returning and moving in with her mother Before both move out in February 2013. Katie leaves to live with Sinead shortly after birth and Tony moves out after he assumes that Diane called Social Services about Sinead, but later moves back in after Tony tells Diane about the cancer. Sinead and Katy moved back in again after she was made homeless by the explosion but after Diane finds out that Sinead is an ex-prostitute, she is kicked out and they move into the student house.
5 Oakdale Drive, Flat 1.
Formerly the marital home of Jake and Becca Dean. Becca's sister Nancy Hayton moved in with them after Becca's affair with Justin Burton was revealed. Jake moved out and Justin moved in for a short time. However Becca dumped Justin not long after. When Becca was killed, Jake moved back in with baby son Charlie Dean. Jake was later sectioned and Charlie went to live with Frankie Osborne. Hannah Ashworth and Loretta Jones moved in. Nancy was later given custody of Charlie and she asked Hannah and Loretta to leave after a falling out. In 2010, Elliot Bevan moved in along with Des Townsend. In September 2010, sisters India and Texas Longford moved in. By January 2011 Texas had moved back to the halls of residence with her mother Melody Longford after the death of India in December 2010. Nancy allowed Suzanne Ashworth to stay there with her twins. Nancy surprised Darren when she moved out in January 2011 after living with Suzanne and the kids became too much for her and a strain on her relationship with Darren but she eventually moved back in after Suzanne returned to Spain. After realizing she couldn't afford the place if she and Darren wanted to live together, Nancy rented the house out to Mitzeee and she moved into Darren's family home. Warren Fox later moves in with her, shortly before his son Joel Dexter arrives and stays with the couple. In December 2011, Warren Fox moves out because he is arrested for the murder of his ex-fiancée Louise Summers. Riley Costello did move in with his son Bobby in 2012. Mitzeee was arrested in June 2012 after she was framed for stabbing Mercedes McQueen. Riley lived there with on his own until Mercedes later moved in, in late 2012. In October 2012 the flat became unoccupied due to Mercedes being arrested for stabbing herself, Riley being shot and later dying and Bobby being taken away with Carl Costello On 9 November 2012, Mitzeee moved back into the flat with her sister Maxine. Mitzeee departs in February 2013, leaving Maxine as the sole occupant of the flat. Maxine asked her colleague Kevin Foster to move in but left when she kicked him out after he sedated her because she discovered he was helping his father to accomplish revenge on Brendan Brady. Patrick Blake & his daughter, Sienna move in with her and Patrick & Maxine begin a relationship. Sienna moves into The Dog in the Pond after beginning a relationship with Darren Osborne and Patrick later buys the flat after Nancy decides to put it on the market. Following her release from the psychiatric ward, Sienna returns to living with Patrick & Maxine.
5 Oakdale Drive, Flat 2.
A new flat introduced in 2013, it is a dull, run-down flat that Cindy Hutchinson and her daughter Holly move into after Cindy takes a job in the shop underneath and her ex-husband, Tony Hutchinson (Nick Pickard), moves in after leaving his partner, Diane. In April 2014, Cindy and Holly move out of the flat and into the Savage Family Boat House so that Cindy can show her commitment to boyfriend, Dirk Savage (David Kennedy).
5 Oakdale Drive, Flat 3.
Previously occupied by Louise Summers and Warren Fox, it was more recently the home of Warren, his sister Katy and her boyfriend Justin Burton. When Warren faked his death, Spencer Gray was left the home in Warren's will. Spencer rented the flat out to former students Zak Ramsey, Kris Fisher, Archie Carpenter and Elliot Bevan. Elliot moved to Nancy's flat and Archie left Hollyoaks on 28 May 2010. Kris and Zak left the following summer after finding jobs in London with pal Zoe. In July 2012 Doctor Browning moved in Shortly followed by Mercedes McQueen. It is unknown weather the flat is occupied after Doctor Browning was arrested for Lynsey Nolan's murder. Mercedes did move out to live with Riley Costello. Both move back into the flat in 2013. After Browning's death, Mercedes moves back in with the McQueens. After the revelation that Sandy Roscoe is his mother, Darren Osborne moves out of the Dog with Sienna Blake, Oscar Osborne & Charlie Dean and into flat 3 however two months later, they return to the Dog and Darren lets ex-wife, Nancy move in. In 2014, Darren and Nancy split up again and Darren agrees to move out of The Dog, leaving Nancy living there, but the couple later reunite, leaving the flat unoccupied.
65 Christleton Terrace.
Located outside of the main village. It was previously owned by the Hunter family until the Ashworths moved in during 2005. After the Ashworth family moved into The Dog in the Pond, the house was rented by the Roy family. Ash Roy left Hollyoaks and Bel and Govinda Roy also left for Middlesbrough. Ravi, Leila and Anita were then kicked out of their home by Neville Ashworth as they could not afford the rent. The Osborne family then moved into the home. The family also took Duncan Button in under their wing when he had nowhere to stay. Nev decided to sell the property in September 2010. The Osborne family struggled to raise enough money for the deposit but Darren managed it by selling an antique that Cindy gave him to remember her by, which she didn't know was worth £50,000. By raising the money Darren finally received approval from his father which he longed for a long time since he constantly let him down. Jack threw Gilly Roach out after his behaviour became increasingly aggressive following Steph's death. Duncan's sister Ruby moved in January 2011. 
Also in January 2011 Duncan left the back door open and a squatter sneaked in and hid in the attic. After being caught and knocked out by Tom, the squatter ended up in hospital where she revealed that she was Frankie's long lost granddaughter, Esther Bloom. She is now living with them too. Darren Osborne, Nancy Hayton and Charlie Dean moved in after deciding to save money and renting out Nancy's flat to tenants. Duncan leaves after deciding to go to Spain. The entire family move out in December 2011, moving back in The Dog In The Pond after Riley Costello asks Darren to run the pub for him. The Kane family moved in shortly after. A new family, The Kanes, moved into the house in early 2012 and Callum's friend, George Smith however Martha is kicked out before Ash invites boyfriend, Ally Gorman, to live with them. He is arrested in November 2012 and Lacey departs shortly after, leaving Martha, Callum, George & Ash in the house. Darren is forced to evict the Kanes in 2013 after they continue failing to pay the rent. The new Roscoe family move in. Nancy moved into the house after returning from the ward and Nana McQueen (Diane Langton) refuse to let her stay at the McQueen's house. Joe Roscoe (Ayden Callaghan) is left in a coma in the demolition of the council flats. In April 2014, Joe wakes up from his coma and moves back into the house and following the death of Katy O'Connor, Sinead and Freddie Roscoe separate, leading to the latter moving back into 65 Christleton Terrace.
26 Leigh Road.
Current home to the McQueen family, who have lived in the property since at least 1993. Along with Myra McQueen, Mercedes McQueen, Jacqui McQueen, Carmel McQueen, Michaela McQueen, Tina McQueen, and John Paul McQueen, previous residents include Russ Owen, Aleksander Malota and Kieron Hobbs. Myra threw Jacqui, Carmel and Aleksander out after finding out about the affair they were having. However she allowed them to move back in when she realised it meant Jacqui could go back to jail. Carmel also moved out in 2008 to live with new husband Calvin Valentine, but their first marriage was short-lived and she moved back home months later. Mercedes moved out in 2007 to live with husband Russ Owen, until their marriage ended when he discovered her affair with Warren Fox. She was also forced to move out in 2008 when Jacqui moved back in from Tony Hutchinson's and said she'd only move back in if her cheating sister moved out. She returned in 2008 however when Tony and Dom Reilly threw her out. Myra's niece Theresa McQueen moved in during 2008. Malachy Fisher moved in during 2009, and Kathleen McQueen moved in late 2009 and she left in early 2010. Calvin Valentine moved in for a short while until his death. Bart McQueen moved into the McQueen home in August 2010 after his stepmother Joan McQueen died. Malachy moved out after his marriage to Mercedes met an end, and Jacqui moved out after a row with Myra over Bart, who she claimed had stole her money. 
In October 2010 Theresa gave birth to a girl Kati McQueen. In June 2012 when Myra is sent to prison for six months, Jacqui moves back with husband Rhys Ashworth and Phoebe Jackson while Michaela, Theresa and Kati move in Jacqui's flat. Jacqui also kicks out Liberty Savage who lived here since 2011. Martha Kane briefly moves in as well. Rhys is killed in the Enjoy the Ride storyline at the beginning on November. After she was released from prison, Mitzeee Minniver is taken in by Myra, and her sister, Maxine, later joins her, however days later Maxine and Mitzeee move out and return to Mitzeee's old flat. John Paul also returns, with baby Matthew in tow and Tony briefly reunites with Jacqui and he moves in before he is kicked out. In January 2013, Bart runs into trouble with Brendan Brady and runs away from Chester. Nancy later moves in after being kicked out of her home. In September 2013, Vincent moves away, Myra fakes her own death and Nancy is sent to a home for the mentally ill, but returns months later. Nana however refuses to let her stay with the McQueens. In 2014, is arrested for murdering Calvin Valentine three years previous, but Kathleen Angel remains here in Carmel's care. Kathleen-Angel's's uncle, Sonny Valentine, moves in after his work moves him to Hollyoaks. Alex Browning briefly moved in here. In March 2014, John Paul is sent to six months imprisonment.
Savage Family Boat House.
The boathouse is introduced in 2012. It is located in the pond outside The Dog In The Pond public house. Those who move in first are; Dirk (David Kennedy), Will (James Atherton), Liberty (Abi Phillips) and Dodger Savage (Danny Mac). Dodger later moved out but returned to the boat house when girlfriend, Texas Longford (Bianca Hendrickse-Spendlove) left for America. Liberty leaves in July 2013 and a few months later, Will is arrested for the murders of Texas, his mother - Anna Blake (Saskia Wickham) and Ash Kane (Holly Weston), leaving Dirk & Dodger as the remaining residents. Dennis Savage (Joe Tracini) briefly moves in and Dirk's girlfriend, Cindy Cunningham (Stephanie Waring) and her daughter, Holly (Amanda Clapham) move in in April 2014.
Student House.
While talking about Freshers 2013, Bryan Kirkwood revealed that a new student house would be introduced and that Tilly Evans (Lucy Dixon), George Smith (Steven Roberts) and new character, Jade Hedy (Lucy Gape) would move into this new house.
The student house was first seen in September 2013 after being purchased by Dennis Savage (Joe Tracini) for him and fiancee, Leanne Holiday (Jessica Forrest) however after she sees how much of a dump it was she decides they shouldn't move in. Instead he rents it out to Tilly, George & Jade as a place for them to live as they attended Hollyoaks Community College. Jade is killed in October and the following month, Sinead O'Connor (Stephanie Davis) and her baby, Katy move in after being kicked out of her home. The mother of Matthew McQueen and the surrogate for Sienna Blake (Anna Passey), Chloe moves in with Tilly & George after they befriend her. Tilly & Chloe leave the village together in January 2014. Ste Hay (Kieron Richardson) and Freddie Roscoe (Charlie Clapham) later move in. Dennis allows Blessing Chambers (Modupe Adeyeye) to move in after she loses her job and her flat. Ste moves back in with his dad, Danny Lomax (Stephen Billington) at 2 Oakdale Drive following his drama with Fraser Black (Jesse Birdsall), Katy dies of a heart condition leading to the separation of Sinead and Freddie - the latter of who moves out. Dennis moves in to the house after deciding to leave the Savage Family Boat House.
Former residences.
Modern Flat.
Formerly occupied by Clare Devine and later Niall Rafferty. Michaela McQueen was also a resident for a while. Kieron Hobbs and John Paul McQueen also lived here until Kieron was murdered by Niall and John Paul left for Dublin. This was also used in "Hollyoaks" spin-off "" as Tank Top and Adam's flat.
Flat 3.
The flat belonging to Abi and Daniel Raven, first seen in 2009. In July 2009, Ste Hay and son Lucas Hay moved in. Due to Abi and Daniel's departures from the show, it has not been seen again.
Halls of Residence.
Student flat owned by Hollyoaks Community College, and other than the summer, it is generally occupied by five first and second year students at the college. Upon entering their third year, former second year students move into different accommodation to make room for new freshers. The residency of this flat is as tangled as the relationships of those who live in it, and changes often happen. In 2009, freshers Charlotte Lau, Josh Ashworth, Dave Colburn and India Longford moved in with second year student Hayley Ramsey. As of September 2010, Josh Ashworth, Dave Colburn and India Longford have moved out. In September 2010 a new set of students moved in including regular locals Darren Osborne, Jem Costello and Kevin Smith, newbies Doug Carter, Jamil Fadel and Leanne Holiday and returnee Lee Hunter. At different times during the year, Doug, Kevin and Jem moved out. Darren moves out in 2011 and returns to his father's home. Leanne and Texas later move out after completing their term as fresher students, Jamil also moves out after leaving the village and Lee moves in with Amy Barnes.The new freshers Will Savage, Annalise Appleton, Barney Harper-McBride, Scott Sabeka and Rob Edwards move in. Fellow student Ash Kane also moves in shortly afterwards. They all move out at the end of their first year and go their separate ways. However Annalise and Scott remain until they find alternative accommodation, soon after Scott moved out after deciding to leaving HCC and Hollyoaks, it has since been revealed Annalise has also moved out. The set has not been featured since and will be replaced by a "knackered" old student house in 2013.
28 Barrington Park.
As of September 2010, a new residence was shown on screen with the O'Connor family moving in. Diane offered to take Tony Hutchinson and the Sharpes in after their home was destroyed in a fire in November however moved out shortly after. After splitting with Diane, Rob moved out in January 2011. Jen Gilmore moved in as a lodger in April 2012. In August 2012 Jen's brother Liam Gilmore turned up and is currently staying there. both departed in April 2013. The O'Connors move out in 2013, when Diane reveals that Rob is selling the house. They then moved in with Tony Hutchinson.
28a Fern Street,.
Originally occupied by Ste Hay and Amy Barnes. Amy moved out with baby Leah after being abused by Ste. Justin Burton then moved in after being homeless, and they were later joined by Dominic Reilly after his wife Tina's death. Dom later moved back in with his brother Tony Hutchinson. Justin Burton left Hollyoaks in June 2009 to start a new life Ste lived there with Lucas for a short while until friends Abi and Daniel Raven invited him to move in with him them unbeknown to Ste they plot to take Lucas. Ste moved back in the flat in early 2010. Amy and the children also later moved back in. Amy and the children moved out briefly in 2010 after the fire in Il Gnosh but moved back in in January 2011. Amy, Leah and Lucas moved out before departing the village in August 2012. After getting engaged Doug Carter then moves in with Ste and Leah & Lucas stay with the pair. In December, Doug & Ste's marriage breaks down and he departs for America while Ste reunites Brendan Brady who moves into the flat in January 2013. In February 2013 Amy returns to Hollyoaks and after learning that Brendan is living with Leah and Lucas she takes Leah and Lucas and leaves the village again. Sinead later moves in after moving out of Tony's and then brings baby Katie to live with her too. The flat is destroyed by a bomb explosion in October 2013. This takes the lives of Doug, Leanne Holiday and Ash Kane who lives in the flat above. Following the explosions, the only remaining resident, Ste Hay, moves in 3 Oakdale Drive with his new found family, the Lomaxes. The flats are demolished in January 2014, with Joe Roscoe trapped inside.
28b Fern Street.
The flat was owned by Neville Ashworth. He rented it to Frankie Osborne and Barry Newton in December 2008, after they moved from The Dog in the Pond. Frankie and Newt later moved out, when Darren Osborne moved in Loretta Jones was a lodger their for a short while and Hannah Ashworth moved in with Darren after they married but she moved out following an eating disorder. Cindy Cunningham and daughter Holly Cunningham moved in after Cindy's separation from husband, Tony Hutchinson. Rhys Ashworth and Duncan Button moved in after becoming homeless because of the sale of The Dog. Darren moved in with Jack Osborne a few weeks later. Rhys took pity on love interest Jacqui McQueen when she had nowhere to stay after moving out of her family home after a row, however, it was clear he wanted to be more than just flatmates. Gilly Roach moved in after being thrown out of the Osbornes house for his aggressive behaviour. Jacqui moved out after splitting with Rhys. Jacqui then moves back in when she marries Rhys. Jacqui asks Lynsey Nolan to come stay with them after she is kicked out by her friend Cheryl Brady. Jacqui moves out when her and Rhys have marriage problems, however she moves back in after a few days. Lynsey moves back in with Cheryl in 2012. Teenager Phoebe Jackson moves in 2012, after Jacqui decides she wants to care for her. In June 2012 Jacqui, Rhys and Phoebe all move into the McQueen after her mother Myra is sent to prison, While Michaela McQueen, Theresa McQueen and her daughter Kathy move here. After Michaela leaves and Myra returns from prison, Rhys and Jacqui move back into the flat but when a pipe bursts they move back to the McQueen house. After returning and not being welcome at home Theresa, Joel and baby Kathleen squat in the flat. When Mercedes is released from prison, Myra tells her that she is to live in the flat and shortly joined by fiancee, Paul Browning. After returning from Las Vegas alone, He moves back into his flat in Oakdale Drive. Martha Kane and her children, Ash and Callum move in after being kicked out of their old house. In October, Callum is stabbed with a sameri sword and killed and the following week, Sinead O'Connor - who lives downstairs - accidentally brings a bomb into the flat, it explodes and destroys both flats. This takes the lives of Ash, Leanne Holiday and Doug Carter, who also lives downstairs. Following the explosions, the only remaining resident, Martha Kane, moves away from the village. The flats are demolished in January 2014, with Joe Roscoe trapped inside.

</doc>
<doc id="9842538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842538" title="Michael Corbett (actor)">
Michael Corbett (actor)

Michael Corbett (born June 20, 1956 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American actor, television correspondent, host, and real estate investor. He is perhaps best known for his work in various daytime soap operas.
Acting career.
Corbett was cast as Michael Pavel Jr. on "Ryan's Hope". by a casting director who had seen him in a play. He would play Michael Pavel Jr. for 177 episodes over three years, from 1979-1981.
He played Warren Carter on "Search for Tomorrow" from 1982 to 1985, and he later portrayed secretary-turned-murderer David Kimble on "The Young and the Restless" from 1986 to 1991. He currently hosts segments for the entertainment television show "Extra". He also played Logan's father, Malcolm Reese, on "Zoey 101".
Corbett has also guest starred on numerous television series including "King of Queens", "Star Trek Next Generation" (playing Dr. Rabal) and "Zoey 101", as Logan’s father.
Business career.
Michael Corbett is the Real Estate and Lifestyle correspondent of NBC’s nationally syndicated news magazine "Extra". Utilizing his background in real estate, home, and lifestyle, Corbett also hosts and produces NBC’s "Extra’s Mansions & Millionaires!", Extra’s weekend show.
An author, Corbett shares his real estate expertise through his three best selling books, "", "Find It, Fix it, Flip It! Make Millions in Real Estate—One House at a Time" and "Ready, Set, Sold!,The Insider Secrets to Sell Your House Fast—for Top Dollar!". In these books, he shares the strategies, tips, and techniques.
His years of experience in buying, renovating, and selling homes have made him a sought-after real estate investor and expert. Corbett is now the very popular resident real estate expert for three other major television shows – ABC’s "The View", "Good Day LA" and the Australian version of "Today (Australian TV program)|The Today Show".
Corbett also regularly appears on CNN, the Discovery Channel, ABC News, Fox News, the Fine Living Network, "The Tyra Banks Show", CBS News and had a long feature run on "Larry King Live". He has been featured in "People" magazine, "Newsweek", "Robb Report", "The Los Angeles Times", and "The New York Times". He also hosted and lectured on the Real Estate & Wealth Expo’s twelve-city national tour, sharing the stage with Donald Trump, Tony Robbins, Robert Kiyosaki, and Dr. Alan Greenspan to crowds of five to ten thousand people.
Personal life.
Corbett was a resident of Collingswood, New Jersey, and the first house he bought was next door to his grandmother's home there.

</doc>
<doc id="9842553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842553" title="The Wild, Wild Rose">
The Wild, Wild Rose

The Wild, Wild Rose () is a 1960 Hong Kong film directed by Wang Tian-lin. The story line and the songs' melodies are derived from the opera "Carmen".

</doc>
<doc id="9842558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842558" title="Mickaël Tavares">
Mickaël Tavares

Mickaël Zidro Tavares (born 25 October 1982) is a French-born Senegalese footballer, who is currently without a club after being released by RKC Waalwijk. He also has twenty-five caps for the Senegalese national team.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Villeneuve-Saint-Georges, France, Tavares begann his career at US Créteil, and moved in 2000 to Portuguese club FC Alverca. After two years, he returned to France and signed a contract with SC Abbeville, for whom he scored 9 goals in 26 games in the 2002-03 season, following which he moved to FC Nantes, where he played in the reserve team. In 2005, he joined FC Tours, who were promoted a year later to the Ligue 2.
In July 2007, he was on trial at Slavia Prague, and signed a contract with the club after one week in the Czech Republic. He signed a two year contract in Prague with the option of one more, before moving to Hamburger SV on 30 January 2009. He made his debut on 22 February 2009 against Bayer 04 Leverkusen.
On 24 January 2010, Tavares was loaned to 1. FC Nuremberg until the end of the season. In August 2010, Tavares was assigned to train with Hamburg's second team and told he has no future in the first team. On 27 August 2010, Tavares joined Football League Championship club Middlesbrough on loan until July 2011. However,despite playing under Gordon Strachan, Tony Mowbray did not appear to rate Tavares. This limited him to just 13 appearances, his last coming in the 90th minute against Sheffield United, 4 months after his last appearance.
In September 2012 he was close to sign with Bulgarian side Chernomorets Burgas.
On 5 October 2012, Tavares signed on a free transfer for Fulham. He was given the number 25 shirt, previously worn by Bobby Zamora. On 4 January 2013, Martin Jol confirmed that Tavares was not offered a new contract and had left the club. He made no appearances for Fulham.
On 25 August 2013, it was announced that Tavares would sign an amateur contract with Dutch side RKC Waalwijk.
International career.
He received a call-up from Cape Verde in May 2008 against Luxembourg in preparation for the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification, but Tavares did not play in the match. He now plays for Senegal National Team, receiving his first cap in 2009.
Personal life.
Tavares is the son of Tony Tavares nicknamed "Zagallo", a Senegalese international from ASC Diaraf and ASF Police,

</doc>
<doc id="9842589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842589" title="John C. Mackie">
John C. Mackie

John C. Mackie (June 1, 1920 – March 5, 2008) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Mackie was born in Toronto and immigrated to the United States from Canada in 1924 with his parents, who settled in Detroit, Michigan. He graduated from Southeastern High School in Detroit in 1938 and attended Lawrence Institute of Technology, 1938-1939. He received a B.S. in Engineering from Michigan State University in 1942 and an honorary LL.D. from the same school in 1965. He was employed on airplane engine design in Detroit, 1942 and served in the United States Army Air Corps, from 1942 to 1945. He served in the Pacific Theater until discharged as a first lieutenant.
Mackie was employed by an engineering firm in the Flint area, 1946–1952, and organized the Flint Surveying & Engineering Co. in 1952. He was Genesee County surveyor, 1952–1956 and was elected State Highway Commissioner of Michigan, 1957 and reelected in 1961 to a new four-year term. Mackie was quoted as being critical of the increasing popularity of compact cars, saying, "They may be socially desirable in some parts of the country, but I think they are a nuisance. If they really take hold—and I don't think they will—then it is inevitable that gas and weight taxes will have to go up, both for the federal and state government." He further claimed that they not only threatened tax revenues, but were also highway hazards. Mackie's criticism's were rebuked by, George W. Romney, then the president of American Motors Corporation and leading proponent of compact cars in the United States. Mackie also aggressively expanded the system of freeways and expressways in Michigan. During most of his administration, Michigan led the nation in construction of its interstate freeway system and was the first to build a cross-state interstate freeway (I-94) He was president of the American Association of State Highway Officials in 1963.
Mackie was elected as a Democrat from Michigan's 7th congressional district to the 89th United States Congress, serving from January 3, 1965 to January 3, 1967. He was known as one of the Michigan Five Fluke Freshmen and was defeated in 1966 by Republican Donald W. Riegle, Jr.
He was subsequently a business owner and a resident of Warrenton, Virginia. Mackie died on March 5, 2008 after an extended illness.
The welcome center located on the median of US 127 and US 10 in Clare, Michigan, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="9842590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842590" title="Alwina Valleria">
Alwina Valleria

Alwina Valleria (October 12, 1848 – February 17, 1925) was an American-born soprano. She was the first American-born singer to appear in principal roles with the Metropolitan Opera.
Born Alwina Schoening in Baltimore, Valleria attended the Royal Academy of Music in London, making her operatic debut in 1871 in St. Petersburg. Following this she appeared in Germany and at La Scala, also singing at Drury Lane in London. A favorite with London audiences, she sang at Her Majesty's Theatre from 1877 until 1878, and appeared at Covent Garden from 1879 until 1882. Her American debut came at the Academy of Music on October 22, 1879, when she sang Marguerite in Charles Gounod's "Faust" with the James Henry Mapleson company. On October 26, 1883, she bowed at the Metropolitan Opera, as Leonora in "Il trovatore". She was New York City's first Micaela in "Carmen" in 1878, also creating the role for London. In 1884, she joined the Carl Rosa Opera Company, performing in the world premieres of Alexander Mackenzie's "The Troubadour" and "Nadeshda" by Arthur Goring Thomas.
Valleria retired from the stage in 1886. She died in Nice in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="9842625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842625" title="List of Hollyoaks spin-offs">
List of Hollyoaks spin-offs

The following is a list of late night, DVD and spin-off series of Channel 4 soap-opera "Hollyoaks". Each has a brief summary of the plot.
Video/DVD specials.
Hollyoaks: Off on One.
A video spin-off from 1998 which sees Rob Hawthorne seek revenge against Kurt Benson. The storyline comes to a dramatic conclusion with Rob and Kurt fighting on a boat. Rob rushes at Kurt, however he moves out of the way and Rob falls into the sea, with everyone believing he is dead.
Hollyoaks: Indecent Behaviour.
A video/DVD spin-off released in 2001. Geri Hudson arrives with footballer boyfriend Jason Cunliffe. In a club, Scott Anderson begins to chat Geri up. Luke Morgan steps in to stop him taking it too far, however just as Scott and his friends are about to throw Luke into the river, Scott tells his friends that he has a better idea; Scott and his friends pull Luke's trousers down to make fun of Luke's rape from the previous year. Ben Davies and Beth Morgan try to break Scott and Luke up before a fight breaks, which it does between Ben and Luke. Beth is later offered a lift by Scott, and then is raped.
Late night specials.
Hollyoaks: Lost Weekend.
Four episodes broadcast in 1999 centring around the kidnapping of Lucy Benson by Rob Hawthorne and the desperate search by Ruth Osborne, Lewis Richardson and Tony Hutchinson.
Hollyoaks: Boys Do Barca.
Broadcast in 2000, Alex Bell, Max Cunningham, Ben Davies, Tony Hutchinson, Luke Morgan, Sam "O.B." O'Brien, Sol Patrick and Lewis Richardson make their way to Barcelona to celebrate Rory Finnigan's stag party before Finn marries Tony's Mother. Tony, however, has secretly enlisted the help of Carol Groves to convince Finn not to go ahead with the marriage.
Hollyoaks: Breaking Boundaries.
Broadcast in March 2000, the late night special involves a 90s disco at the club where Ruth Osborne discovers Lewis Richardson's gambling addiction. Ruth and Lewis eventually end up sleeping together, despite Ruth's marriage to Kurt Benson. Meanwhile, after a football match, Mark Gibbs beats up Luke Morgan before raping him.
Hollyoaks: Leap of Faith.
The 2003 late night special sees Ellie Mills try to kill herself before telling serial-killer husband Toby to hand himself in to the police. Toby realises he could not live without Ellie and ends up holding her hostage on a rooftop. As Toby prepares to jump with Ellie, Dan Hunter arrives and pushes Toby off the building, killing him.
Hollyoaks: After Hours.
A four-part late night series broadcast in 2004. Lisa Hunter is whisked away to Paris with a man she meets in a hotel where she worked. Joe Spencer and his friends go on a night out that ends in disaster. Meanwhile, former character Matt Musgrove crosses over to the special.
Hollyoaks: In Too Deep.
In a one off special aired on 31 May 2005, Steph Dean is haunted by the ghost of one of Toby Mills' victims and she nearly drowns. Meanwhile Lee Hunter and Bombhead cause mayhem at the backstage of Steph's show.
Cast:
Hollyoaks: Crossing the Line.
The late night special broadcast in 2005 sees Andy Holt spike Dannii Carbone's drink with GHB before raping her. Andy then reveals his activities to his friend, Sam Owen, who agrees to join Andy to drug and rape girls. Meanwhile Chris tricks Lee Hunter into sleeping with a transvestite called Aphrodite. Elsewhere, Ben Davies and Lisa Hunter make friends with siblings Ally and Alex.
Hollyoaks: No Going Back.
Following "Crossing the Line", Andy drugs Sophie and Mel Burton. He rapes Mel and leaves Sam to rape Sophie, but he does not. Dannii tells Russ Owen that she was raped. He does not believe her so she attempts suicide. Mel, Sophie and Louise Summers stop her and report Andy to the police. Sam and Andy, both on the top of a cliff, are caught in a fight between themselves and Russ. Sam and Andy both fall over the cliff. Russ manages to grab the pair, however has to let one go, so lets Andy fall to his death. 
Hollyoaks: Back from the Dead.
In 2006, Andy Holt returns after surviving the fall and seeks his revenge against Russ by kidnapping his sister Nicole. Sam and Russ come in to free Nicole but Andy attacks them with a metal pole and threatens to rape Nicole but then Mel bursts in and whacks him over the head with the metal pole and begins to laugh at him as she calls the police. Andy escapes, and Mel chases after him and he runs into a metal spike and he starts to bleed from his mouth, he starts to talk but Mel can't understand what he said, maybe it was sorry! He then dies a painful death causing celebrations round Chester to those he raped
Hollyoaks: King of Hearts.
A late night special called "Hollyoaks: King of Hearts" was announced in November 2010 and was broadcast on 15 December 2010 on Channel 4. The episode followed events in the main series which saw Kathleen McQueen blackmailing her family. The episode features Rhys Ashworth and Jacqui McQueen attempting to cheat during a game of poker with Brendan Brady and Danny Houston. After their plan is discovered, Danny tells Jacqui she must sleep with him to save Rhys and wipe the debt they owe him. The episode was originally due to air on 16 December 2010. However, this was later changed.
Spin-off series.
Hollyoaks: Movin' On.
A new sixteen part series. Tony Hutchinson and Rory Finnigan open their new business venture. Meanwhile, after beating Ruth Osborne up, Lewis, racked by guilt, commits suicide. Ruth then leaves for London.
Hollyoaks: Let Loose.
A 2005 series following Ben Davies and Lisa Hunter as they depart Hollyoaks for a new life. Lisa and Ben's relationship is put to the test over Lisa's jealousy, however she agrees to give their relationship another go.
Hollyoaks: In the City.
Lisa and Ben return to Liverpool, where Lisa is set up with a modelling agency. Ben spends the pair's entire savings on a bar. Lisa delves further up the career path and Ben has an illicit affair and is involved in dodgy dealings with Burton Phillips. Finally, Lisa ended up shooting and killing Ben.
Hollyoaks Later.
2008 series following Niall Rafferty as he returns for revenge on Steph Cunningham, Craig Dean and Tom Cunningham, which leads to the dramatic death of Niall. Meanwhile Kris and Malachy Fisher return to Ireland to attend their father's funeral as Malachy and Mercedes McQueen marry. Sarah Barnes, Nancy Hayton and Zoe Carpenter head off on a "girly" road trip as the Dirty Diegos enter 'Battle of the Bands'.
A second series was commissioned and was broadcast in September 2009. It follows four main stories: Hannah, Rhys and Josh Ashworth go off to a music festival, where they encounter a dangerous drug dealer, Tony Hutchinson marries Cindy Cunningham after several mishaps, the McQueens go to London for Theresa's modelling and Sarah Barnes and Zoe Carpenter are joined by Sarah's jealous girlfriend Lydia Hart on a parachute jump which leads to Sarah's death after Lydia sabotages her parachute.
In April 2010, Channel 4 announced that the show would return for a third series, this time produced by Hollyoaks series producer Paul Marquess. The characters appearing included: Mitzeee Minniver, Carl Costello, Riley Costello, Seth Costello, Malachy Fisher, Mercedes Fisher, Theresa McQueen and Nancy Hayton. Filming took place in the summer of 2010, and in October 2010, it was revealed that the third series would begin on 25 October, and would closely interweave with the main Hollyoaks series, revolving around "one fateful night". UFC Fighter Michael Bisping guest starred.
It Was reported that a fourth series had been recommissioned due to the popularity of the last few series. Filming will take place in the summer of 2011. Characters rumoured to be involved in the storylines have included Mercedes McQueen, Myra McQueen, Michaela McQueen, Texas Longford, Silas Blissett, Heidi Costello, Riley Costello, Lynsey Nolan and Mitzeee Minniver. New cast members include a new addition to the McQueen family played by Amy Walsh sister of Girls aloud star Kimberly Walsh and a new unnamed hunk to be played by ex-eastenders actor Chris Coghill. By early June scenes had begun filming in Ibiza with Mercedes McQueen, Myra McQueen, Michaela McQueen, Theresa McQueen, Will Savage, Rae Wilson and Mitzeee Minniver. Series 4 is set to be aired over the course of five nights from 5 September to 10 September 2011.
In the gripping final episode of the series, Rae Wilson was strangled by Silas Blissett after he heard that Brendan Brady wanted to kill her. He wanted Brendan to be arrested on suspicion of murder so that he could continue with his evil plans.
Online spin-offs.
Hollyoaks: The Morning After the Night Before.
Josh Ashworth heads off to party with Dave Colburn in Manchester in the on-line spin-off which features the down side to binge drinking.
Hollyoaks: Freshers.
Freshers is an 2010 online drama following the lives of the fresher students before they begin at Hollyoaks Community College. Like "The Morning After the Night Before", several characters' social networking websites were created. This time using Facebook. The series featured the return of Lee Hunter, and debut of new characters Jamil Fadel, Leanne Holiday and Doug Carter. It also starred Charlotte Lau, India Longford, Texas Longford and Dave Colburn. A return also featured Bombhead.
Media Content.
Hollyoaks Backstage.
An on-line documentary featuring various members of the "Hollyoaks" cast showing viewers behind the scenes of the show. Each 3 minute episode is shown broadcast weekly on the E4 website.
"The Hollyoaks Music Show".
The Hollyoaks Music Show is a music television programme broadcast as part of T4 on Channel 4. The show began broadcasting on 17 October 2009, following a pilot episode in 2008, and features various recording artists performing and participating in the show. It is sponsored by British retailer Matalan and hosted by Rick Edwards.
The series first began in 2008, when it was named "Hollyoaks Music Special", a one-off programme hosted by Rick Edwards and former "Hollyoaks" actor Matt Littler. Following its success, Channel 4 commissioned two series and retailer Matalan became the show's official sponsor, in order to reach the target audience of 16 to 34 year olds. Repeats of the series have been shown on 4Music since 2010. In 2009 the first series aired, retitled "The Hollyoaks Music Show". When the new series was broadcast, it was shown as part of T4 weekly on Channel 4, again presented by Rick Edwards. It is filmed within the "Hollyoaks" studios in Childwall, Liverpool. The show features signed and unsigned acts performing in and around the "Hollyoaks" set. A Christmas special was announced in November 2010, due to air in December.
Acts which have appeared include The Saturdays, Mr Hudson, Chipmunk, Tinchy Stryder, N-Dubz and Calvin Harris, Example, Jason Derulo, Diana Vickers, Olly Murs, The Wanted and You Me at Six as well as some unsigned acts including Minnie Londoner and The Palpitations. The show regularly features members of the "Hollyoaks" cast as part of the audience.
Along with the performances, "The Hollyoaks Music Show" also features fashion awards in each episode from episode 11 onwards. The award is presented to an act from the same episode for their clothing style. Acts who won the award include Olly Murs, Rihanna, Selena Gomez, McFly and JLS.
A competition was run online throughout the series, with the winner given the chance to appear performing in an episode of "Hollyoaks". The winner was Shide Boss.
Other related shows.
Hollyoaks: The Good, the Bad and the Gorgeous.
A drama-documentary shown on E4 on 2 October 2009. Ste Hay and Cheryl Brady go to a cinema where old clips from "Hollyoaks" are being shown by a familiar face. It was presented by Bernard Latham who played Gordon Cunningham. For the episode, special sequences were filmed between old clips of the show. They parodied such films as Stanley Kubrick's "The Shining" and Randal Kleiser's "Grease".
Hollyoaks: A Little Film About Love.
A special E4 only episode which aired on 11 November 2011 following characters Jason Costello and Bart McQueen travelling to London to stop Sinead O'Connor from leaving with boyfriend Gaz Bennett, during the journey Jason records on a camera as documentary, it also features pre-recorded clips of Jason interviewing characters such as Maddie Morrison, Neil Cooper and Lynsey Nolan. It also features Jono, Nancy Hayton, Tilly Evans, Scott Sabeka, Darren Osborne, Duncan Button and Diane O'Connor.
Hollyoaks: Chasing Rainbows.
A Special E4 only episode which aired on 7 June 2012, that follows Dennis Savage on his journey with students Leanne Holiday, Barney Harper-McBride and Scott Sabeka who travel to Liverpool to seek out musician Maverick Sabre to headline the Savage's Forest Party back in the village, Dennis struggles to prove throughout that he knows Maverick and will be able to find him in time for the party.

</doc>
<doc id="9842636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842636" title="Larry Seaquist">
Larry Seaquist

Larry Seaquist USN (Ret'd), BS (born July 6, 1938) is the current Democratic member of the Washington House of Representatives, which is the lower house of the Washington State Legislature for the 26th District.
Born in Idaho Falls, Idaho, Seaquist worked for the United States Weather Bureau in Alaska and briefly in Argentina before studying at Oregon State University.
Seaquist served with the US Navy from 1962 to 1994, worked at the Pentagon and retiring as Captain in command of the USS Iowa.
Criticism of ISC.
Seaquist made national headlines when he called owners of the International Speedway Corporation as "those people are not the kind of people you would want living next door to you. They'd be the ones with the junky cars in the front yard and would try to slip around the law." In a radio interview, Seaquist explains himself: Seaquist: But the issue out here is that we've got this rich ISC, it's a family owned business of billionaires, and they come out here and propose to build a track with paying no taxes. They've exempted themselves according to the deal they are offering us out here to not pay a cent in taxes. They take all the money off for themselves and leave us taking care of firefighting, all the other things that go with trying to support a track.
Poole: So it's the deal that you oppose, not the concept?
Seaquist: Absolutely.

</doc>
<doc id="9842687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842687" title="Tendring Technology College">
Tendring Technology College

Tendring Technology College is a secondary school located in England, in Essex. The college officially became an Academy in September 2011. The academy has two campuses, the Thorpe Campus in Thorpe-le-Soken, and Frinton Campus situated in Frinton-on-Sea. This is the largest distance between two campuses of the same secondary school in the United Kingdom (with the distance reaching just over 5 miles). Key Stage 3 (Years 7 to 9) are located in Thorpe, and Key Stage 4 (Years 10 to 11) and Sixth Form are at the Frinton Campus. Tendring Technology College currently has over 1900 pupils on roll, split between the two sites. 
The Academy was previously led by Mike Watson, however in 2004, he went into early retirement after twenty years at the school. He was replaced by the current Principal, Caroline Haynes, who recently won East Anglia's Best Head Teacher award for her hard work and dedication towards education. This is clearly shown in a recent Ofsted inspection which praised the school, with outstanding marked in every category. Since 1994, the academy's Vice Principal has been Bob Allen, who is based at the Frinton Campus. 
The Academy saw extensive building work at its Frinton Campus in 2003 when new departmental buildings were erected. One of these new buildings, the Watson building, was named after former Principal Michael Watson and is currently occupied by the performing arts department. After a long battle the Academy secured the funding for a £2.8 million state-of-the-art Sixth Form Centre, which is based at the Frinton Campus site and reached completion in September 2011. The new building features brand new facilities such as a media suite and social area, as well as extra teaching space. Tendring Technology College was one of only several schools to receive such finding from the Learning Schools Council. This follows previous upgrades to the Frinton Campus, which created new teaching space, a new Resources Centre and exterior improvements. 
Much like the Smoot at MIT the school has developed its own unit of length. The 'Mbrown' it is named after ex-student Mitchell Brown and is equivalent to 1.78meters. The unit came to be after Mitchell Brown was used by his friends to mark out a football pitch on the school field. A football pitch is 58.9 Mbrown's by 38.2 Mbrown's (105meteres by 68meters).
The Academy's Business Studies department is part of the Young Enterprise scheme, and for this, there are several academy productions put on every year such as talent shows and karaokes. The Sixth Form also have their annual Sixth Form Revue, which is a collection of sketches shown live on projected video. There is also a tradition that a student band performs at each show. The Revue is typically held on the last day before the academy closes for Christmas. The Young Enterprise scheme has been praised as a success and regularly reach the finals of the competition. 
The Academy's performing arts department has also put on several productions in recent years, such as Little Shop of Horrors, The Tempest, The Lion Witch and Wardrobe, Macbeth, and Jerry Springer The Opera.
Becky Newman, a Maths teaching assistant won Teaching Assistant of the year at the National Teaching Awards 2010.
Notable former pupils.
Notable former pupils of the school include:

</doc>
<doc id="9842703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842703" title="Thomas Obicini">
Thomas Obicini

Thomas Obicini (it. Tomasso Obicini da Novara) (1585 – 7 November 1632). He was one of the first orientalists. He was a Franciscan Arabist.
Obicini was born in Novara, Italy. He was abbot in the convent of Aleppo. During his stay in the east he made himself master, in addition to Hebrew and Chaldee, of the Syriac, Arabic, and Coptic languages. In 1621, Obicini became the first lector in Arabic in the San Pietro in Montorio convent. He was a precursor of Athanasius Kircher. He wrote a "Grammatica Arabica" in 1631. His largest work was the "Thesaurus Arabico-Syro-Latinus", published in 1636, a dictionary whose purpose was to make it easier for Latin speakers to propagate the Christian faith among Syriac and Arabic speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="9842705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842705" title="Tayari Jones">
Tayari Jones

Tayari Jones (born November 30, 1970 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an African-American author and winner of the Hurston-Wright Legacy Award for Debut Fiction. She was educated Spelman College, the University of Iowa and Arizona State University.
Background.
She started writing seriously at Spelman College, where she studied with Pearl Cleage, who published her first story, "Eugenics", in "Catalyst" magazine. Jones went on to University of Iowa, where she worked toward a Ph.D. in English, but she left after completing her master's degree. She also studied at The University of Georgia, where she worked with Kevin Young and Judith Ortiz Cofer. She left UGA to enroll in the MFA program at Arizona State University where she worked with Ron Carlson and Jewell Parker Rhodes.
Writing career.
Her first novel, "Leaving Atlanta", is a three-voiced coming-of-age story set against the backdrop of the Atlanta Child Murders of 1979-81. This novel, which was written while she was a graduate student at Arizona State University, is based on the experience as a child in Atlanta during that period. It won the 2003 Hurston/Wright Legacy Award for Debut Fiction. Aletha Spann of 30Nineteen Productions has purchased the film option for "Leaving Atlanta". Jones herself, an Atlanta native, was a child during these murders.
"The Untelling" is also set in Atlanta. Described in Publishers Weekly as Jones's "deep-felt second novel", the book examines how the protagonist comes to terms with the loss of key members of her family as a child before having to redefine herself all over again in her mid-twenties. It was awarded the Lillian C. Smith Award for New Voices in 2005.
"Silver Sparrow", Jones's third novel, was published by Algonquin Books in 2011. It was an American Booksellers Association's number 1 "Indie Next" pick.
Tayari Jones has taught creative writing at The University of Illinois and also at George Washington University, where she served as the Jenny McKean Moore Writer in Washington. She is now a member of the MFA faculty at the Newark Campus of Rutgers University. Her brother is the sports pundit Bomani Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="9842711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842711" title="Martin Neary">
Martin Neary

Martin Gerard James Neary LVO (born 28 March 1940, London) is an English organist and choral conductor. He was Organist and Director of Music at Winchester Cathedral from 1972 to 1988, and Organist and Master of the Choristers at Westminster Abbey from 1988 to 1998. Neary read theology and music at Cambridge University.
As the organist at Westminster Abbey, he was the musical director of the funeral service for Diana, Princess of Wales, for which he was appointed a Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order (LVO) in the New Year Honours List in 1998. 
He has been particularly active in the promotion of the music of John Tavener, whose "Song for Athene" was performed by the choir of the Abbey as Diana's coffin was borne out by the pallbearers.
On 22 April 1998, Wesley Carr, the Dean of Westminster Abbey, dismissed Neary from his position at Westminster Abbey on the grounds of gross misconduct regarding the finances of a company that he and his wife had set up to administer fees from concerts at the Abbey. Neary petitioned Queen Elizabeth II, as Visitor of the Abbey, to resolve the dispute. Elizabeth appointed Charles Jauncey, Baron Jauncey of Tullichettle to be her Commissioner, and he determined that the summary dismissal was justified. The report also stated that Neary’s well recognised musical abilities, and the hard work which he and his wife had done on behalf of the Abbey and the choir, were not in question.

</doc>
<doc id="9842716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842716" title="Juvenilia (disambiguation)">
Juvenilia (disambiguation)

Juvenilia is a term applied to literary or artistic works produced by an author during his or her youth.
Juvenilia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9842738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842738" title="Fremde Haut">
Fremde Haut

Fremde Haut is a 2005 German film. It was directed by Angelina Maccarone and stars Jasmin Tabatabai, Anneke Kim Sarnau, and Navíd Akhavan. Its English title is Unveiled.
Background.
Writers Maccarone and Judith Kaufmann conceived the idea for the film in 1998. In 2002, Maccarone sent a copy of the script to actress Tabatabai, who reviewed it. As an Iranian, Tabatabai worked with Maccarone and Kaufmann to rewrite the story to be more realistic. For example, the main character became "more subtle, not as outspoken."
Plot summary.
The translator Fariba Tabrizi (29, played by Jasmin Tabatabai) is living under the threat of the death penalty in her own country Iran after being revealed, by the vice squad, to be homosexual. With some support from a relative, Fariba is able to flee from her home country to Germany. When she is in the refugee detention centre at Frankfurt Airport her application for asylum is turned down. She lives hour by hour with the thought in mind that she may be deported. Her desperate prospects are dramatically improved by the suicide of a fellow-inmate also from Iran she assumes his identity and, as Siamak Mustafai, and using his temporary permit of sojourn, is re-located to the provinces of Swabia.
Fariba knows Germany only from literature and from her work as a translator which leave her in no way prepared for the likes of Sielmingen. The contrast to a metropolis such as Teheran could scarcely be greater. At first glance her survival seems to be assured. However, in the refugee home she is obliged to uphold her male disguise in cramped quarters and she is not permitted to leave the Regional District of Esslingen. A single word wrong, any attempt at contact is allied for her with the danger of her cover being blown.
The only way to escape from this predicament is by means of forged documents. To do this she is in urgent need of money. With a little help from her roommate Gasmut she comes into contact with L䣨le (30), the local godfather. He is instrumental in procuring an illegal, seasonal job for her in a sauerkraut processing factory right in the middle of a complex hick town coterie. Anne (26) is manoeuvred by her workmates into taking on a bet. She will get a bike for her son if she can manage to get a date with the refugee chap. Uwe (29) finds it totally out of order that Anne is so solicitous about Siamak's well-being. His worries are not entirely unfounded, since Anne derives some kind of pleasure from the strange foreigner.
Under any other circumstances Fariba would have been only too glad to respond to Anne's advances, however she is afraid on account of the whole business of the Siamak facade. With great stubbornness Anne drags Siamak along to the boozy leisure activities of her little hick town clique. In the process they become dangerously close and Anne begins to get wind of Fariba's true identity.
When Siamak's permit of sojourn runs out Fariba gets into arrears with the instalments for her documents. It becomes clear to her that she will never manage things on her own. She risks everything and takes Anne into her confidence. She wants at long last to be able to live as a woman again, to live out her profession, to enjoy big cities. To break away from the provinces would also be the fulfilment of a dream for Anne. She does not disappoint Fariba. Together they successfully go in for car theft. Fariba gets her new passport. The world is their oyster.
Just as Fariba is changing out of her Siamak disguise Uwe and the clique turn up in Anne's flat. Uwe demands an explanation. The row escalates. The noisy dispute leads to Fariba's downfall. During the routine check on account of disturbance of the falsified passport falls into the hands of the police. The system which she believed she had outwitted takes its relentless grip. Fariba knows: this is the end, her hopes are shattered. Anne has to watch on helplessly as Fariba is put under arrest.
The term "in orbit" is officially used by the UN to refer to asylum-seekers who find themselves orbiting around planet Earth because they can actually find legal domicile nowhere at all.
Title.
The original German title translates as "stranger's skin." Maccarone said,
The English title, "Unveiled", was conceived by the U.S. distributor of the film.
Awards.
In 2006, Jasmin Tabatabai was nominated for the German Film Award as Best Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="9842747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842747" title="Greatwood Gold Cup">
Greatwood Gold Cup

The Greatwood Gold Cup is a Grade 3 National Hunt chase in Great Britain which is open to horses aged five years or older. It is run at Newbury over a distance of about 2 miles and 4 furlongs (4,023 metres), and during its running there are sixteen fences to be jumped. It is a handicap race, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late February or early March.
The event was introduced in 2004, and for its first three runnings it was sponsored by Vodafone. Since then it has had several different sponsors, and for each of these its title has changed accordingly. The race was promoted to Grade 3 level in 2007, and it was given its present name in 2010. It is now sponsored by Raymond Mould on behalf of Greatwood, a charity for the welfare of retired racehorses. Mould's horse Khyber Kim won the Greatwood Handicap Hurdle in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9842754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842754" title="KGVY">
KGVY

KGVY is a commercial radio station located in Green Valley, Arizona, broadcasting to the Green Valley, Sahuarita, Tucson, Arizona area on 1080 kHz and 100.7 MHz on translator K264BB. KGVY airs an adult contemporary music format branded as Familiar Favorites. KGVY provides news, weather, community events, and local business news to Green Valley, Sahuarita, and the Santa Cruz Valley.
KGVY's website www.kgvy1080.com provides in depth community information and streams 24 hours a day and includes community produced videos. KGVY sponsors multiple business events throughout the year including the Home and Living Show and Senior Information Fair. KGVY also publishes "The KGVY Quarterly" and "The White Elephant" guide as the official paper for the White Elephant Community Foundation.
KGVY airs syndicated programming "Goddards Gold" from WestStar TalkRadio Network and Beatle Brunch from Westwood One

</doc>
<doc id="9842758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842758" title="Gary McDowell">
Gary McDowell

Gary J. McDowell (born 1952) is a U.S. politician from the state of Michigan. He was elected to three, two-year terms in the Michigan House of Representatives and served from January 1, 2005, until January 1, 2011. In 2010 and 2012, he was the Democratic nominee for against Republican Dan Benishek. Prior to serving in the Michigan House of Representatives, McDowell was a member of the Chippewa County Board of Commissioners for 22 years. He also served on the Chippewa County Economic Development Corporation Board of Directors from 1987 until 2004.
Early life, education, and early career.
McDowell was born and raised on a farm in Rudyard, Michigan. He is the oldest of ten children. His father was a John Deere salesman and a hay broker. His mother was a homemaker. He graduated from Rudyard High School in 1970 and attended Lake Superior State University.
In addition to being a farmer, he was also a United Parcel Service delivery driver for 23 years. He was a volunteer firefighter and emergency medical technician for 18 years.
Michigan House of Representatives.
Elections.
In 2002, he ran for Michigan's 107th House District, challenging incumbent Republican Scott Shackleton. He lost 69 percent to 31 percent. In 2004, Shackleton was term-limited from the Legislature and McDowell decided to run again. He defeated Walter North, a former member of the state Senate, 54 percent to 46 percent. 
In 2006, he won re-election to a second term by defeating Republican Jay Duggan 59 percent to 41 percent. In 2008, he won re-election to a third and final term defeating Republican Alex Strobehn 65 percent to 35 percent.
Tenure.
McDowell introduced 98 bills in six years in the Legislature. He has missed a total of 96 votes.
Congressional elections.
2010.
McDowell faced Benishek, independent Glenn Wilson, Libertarian nominee Keith Shelton, Green nominee Ellis Boal, and UST nominee Patrick Lambert in the general election. Democratic incumbent Bart Stupak had announced his retirement, leaving this an open seat.
2012.
On September 15, 2011, McDowell announced his intent to run against Benishek in the 2012 election. He has been endorsed by the AFL-CIO and the Blue Dog Coalition. McDowell lost his bid to defeat Benishek for a second straight election, losing to the freshman incumbent by less than 2,000 votes of over 347,000 that were cast. McDowell has not yet indicated if he will run a third time in 2014 to unseat Benishek.
Personal life.
McDowell lives in Rudyard with his wife Carrie. They have three daughters, Alivia, Emily and Rochelle. He is a member of the Rudyard First Presbyterian Church.

</doc>
<doc id="9842767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842767" title="Elizabeth J. Perry">
Elizabeth J. Perry

Elizabeth J. Perry (Chinese name: , born 1948) is a prominent United States scholar of Chinese politics and history in the Department of Government, Harvard University (United States) where she is Henry Rosovsky Professor of Government and Director of the Harvard-Yenching Institute. She is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship, and served recently as President of the Association for Asian Studies. 
Born shortly before the communist revolution in mainland China to Episcopal missionary parents who were professors at St. John's University in Shanghai, Elizabeth Perry was raised in Tokyo, Japan on the campus of Rikkyo University (where her parents also taught). She later returned to the United States and attended Hobart and William Smith College (1966–1969). In 1978, she received a Ph.D. in political science from the University of Michigan. She was an early member of the Committee of Concerned Asian Scholars.
Perry's research focuses on popular protest and grassroots political behavior in China since approximately 1845. Her book, "Shanghai on Strike: the Politics of Chinese Labor" (1993) won the John K. Fairbank Prize from the American Historical Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9842776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842776" title="LCL S.A.">
LCL S.A.

LCL S.A. is a major French financial services company, with its registered office in Lyon, France and its administrative head office in Paris, France. "LCL" is an abbreviation which means Le Crédit Lyonnais, the former name of the bank. Since 2003, LCL is owned by Crédit Agricole but still operates as a separate entity in all of France.
It serves about 6 million customers in 2000 branches in France (2005).
Controversy.
In 2010 the French government's Autorité de la concurrence (the department in charge of regulating competition) fined eleven French banks, including , the sum of 384,900,000 Euros for colluding to charge unjustified fees on check processing, especially for extra fees charged during the transition from paper check transfer to "Exchanges Check-Image" electronic transfer. 

</doc>
<doc id="9842813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842813" title="KCUB">
KCUB

KCUB may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9842824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842824" title="Palo Verde High School (Arizona)">
Palo Verde High School (Arizona)

Palo Verde High School is located at 1302 S. Avenida Vega in southeast Tucson, Arizona. The school has been open since 1963. Its current principal is Mrs. Janna Acevedo. The origin of the school's name comes from the surrounding Palo Verde trees, native to Tucson. Its mascot is the Titan and the school colors are royal blue and gold. Palo Verde is also a magnet school specializing in engineering and technology. There are currently 1,250 students attending Palo Verde from grades 9–12.

</doc>
<doc id="9842825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842825" title="Samuel Boutal">
Samuel Boutal

Samuel Boutal (born 22 November 1969) is a former French football (soccer) striker or offensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="9842855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842855" title="Anton van Rooy">
Anton van Rooy

Anton van Rooy (1 January 1870 - 28 November 1932) was a Dutch bass-baritone. He had a voice of enormous proportions and is most remembered for his association with the music dramas of Richard Wagner, especially the "Ring Cycle", "The Mastersingers of Nuremberg" and "Parsifal".
Born in Rotterdam, van Rooy studied with the famous voice teacher Julius Stockhausen in Frankfurt. He made his operatic debut at the Bayreuth Festival in 1897, singing Wotan in "Der Ring des Nibelungen". The year 1898 saw his debuts in Berlin and at the Royal Opera House in London; and on 14 December that same year he sang for the first time at the Metropolitan Opera, New York City, as Wotan in "Die Walküre".
He remained with the Met until 1908, during which time he was heard in all the leading baritone Wagnerian roles. Most notably, he created Amfortas in the American premiere of "Parsifal" in 1903. Four years later, he created the part of John the Baptist in the initial New York production of Richard Strauss's then controversial opera, Salome.
Van Rooy also continued to sing regularly at Bayreuth until 1903, when he was banned by Cosima Wagner from any further performances at the festival, because the Met performances of "Parsifal" that he had participated in breached German copyright law. His appearances in London spanned the years 1898-1913. He made gramophone discs and cylinder recordings, too, and was a noted song recitalist and soloist in oratorio.
Although the acoustically-recorded discs and cylinders that van Rooy cut during the early 1900s were incapable of capturing the full majesty of his voice, they do demonstrate the strength of his high notes, the dark beauty of his tone and the sensitivity of his phrasing. They show why, to quote the "Oxford Dictionary of Opera" (second edition), "he was considered the finest Sachs, Kurwenal and Wotan of the first decade" of the 20th century. (Fortunately, some of his recordings are available on CD reissues.)
After leaving the Metropolitan Opera, van Rooy became the leading Wagnerian baritone of the Frankfurt Opera; but by this juncture his voice had deteriorated prematurely due to vigorous over-use and his willingness to sing roles with a higher range than was ideal for his sonorous instrument.
Anton van Rooy died in Munich in 1932, at the age of 62.

</doc>
<doc id="9842863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842863" title="Free immersion apnea">
Free immersion apnea

Free immersion (FIM) is an AIDA International freediving discipline in which the freediver dives under water without the use of propulsion equipment, but only by pulling on the rope during descent and ascent.
Performances may be done "head first" or "feet first" during the descent, or a combination of the two.
The current record holders are William Trubridge with a depth of 121m in a dive time of 4min 13s, set on April 10, 2011 in Dean's Blue Hole, Bahamas and Natalia Molchanova (Russia) with 85 m, set on July 27, 2008 in Crete, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="9842864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842864" title="Unveiled">
Unveiled

Unveiled may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9842890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842890" title="Thisha">
Thisha

Thisha (April 10, 1983, Vienna) is an Austrian R&B-singer.
Her father is from Syria, her mother from the Philippines.
She always counted to the biggest music talents.
Her music-career began in Autumn 2005 when she signed a contract with CIS Records in Vienna. At the same time, shegot an offer by a Philippinean record company, but she wanted to stay in Vienna. One year she worked on her debut album and her first single.
In 2007 she released her first album "My Introduction" and her second single "I love you".

</doc>
<doc id="9842912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842912" title="Czech Realist Party">
Czech Realist Party

The Czech Realist Party was founded in 1900 by Tomáš Masaryk, Karel Kramář and Josef Kaizl. It attempted to reform the Czech Government and establish a democracy in response to the Hilsner Trial. Following the Hilsner Trial, Masaryk became a key point of controversy and ultimately he felt that he needed to break from the Young Czechs and the Old Czechs. This led to the creation of the Czech Realist Party.
Founding.
Tomáš Masaryk was a key figure in the creation of the Czech Realist Party. He believed in a liberal democracy and his beliefs got him voted into the Bohemian Diet and Reichrat (Austrian Parliament) in 1891. However, his time in politics was short lived and he resigned in 1893 after martial law was imposed in Prague when protests broke out in 1893. Although he gained support through his time in office, his role in the Hilsner Affair had a much larger effect on his role in creating the Czech Realist Party.
The Hilsner Affair became a focal point of controversy in Czech history in 1899 and 1900, and this affair ultimately led to Masaryk’s creation of the Czech Realist Party. Leopold Hilsner, a Jewish vagrant, was accused of murdering Anežka Hrůzová, a Czech Catholic Girl, even though there was little substantial evidence proving his guilt. Much of the nationalist press began to portray the murder as a ritual killing in order to create anti-Semitic feeling throughout the country. Masaryk believed he should defend Hilsner so that he could demonstrate his own personal beliefs. His defense led Emperor Francis Joseph to change Hilsner’s sentence from execution to lifelong imprisonment. After Masaryk led to the lessening of Hilsner’s sentence, many Czech nationalists denounced Masaryk’s choice to defend Hilsner and his belief that ethics applied to both nationalism and personal behavior. Masaryk became more critical on both the Young Czechs and the Old Czechs which led to his break from them. Masaryk collaborated with Karel Kramář and a few others in creating the Czech Realist Party which relatively soon after its creation merged with members of the Radical Progressive Party. The party became known as the Radical Progressive Party in 1905 but its members were still viewed as realists.
Beliefs.
The Czech Realist Party was led by Thomas Masaryk who wanted not only a free, open democracy but also a unified democratic state for Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes. He worked alongside Edvard Beneš to establish the goal of a unified state, and would eventually go on to be the first president of Czechoslovakia. The Realist Party wanted equality in the workplace for women, as well as universal suffrage. It sought for the legitimate establishment of democracy as a political power in Czechoslovakia. The Young Czech Party, which eventually merged with the Realist Party, was founded in 1848 and as such it was founded on nationalist ideologies, which continued through in the realist party. This nationalist attitude is demonstrated through the movement for a unified kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. However, Thomas Masaryk has been suspected to show slight modern totalitarian leanings, because he believed that one interpretation of history and vision of the future should be imposed.

</doc>
<doc id="9842935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842935" title="Ralph Johnson (architect)">
Ralph Johnson (architect)

Ralph Johnson, FAIA is a prominent Chicago-based architect. He is a Principal and Design Director in the Chicago office of Perkins+Will and is also a board member for the firm. Ralph has been with Perkins+Will for 36 years. In the past decade, his projects have been honored with more than 70 design awards, including eight national Honor Awards and more than 50 regional Honor Awards from the American Institute of Architects (AIA). Ralph was twice honored by the Chicago Tribune as a "Chicagoan in the Arts."
Johnson’s work has been exhibited at the Art Institute of Chicago, the Paris Biennale, and the São Paulo Biennale. He received the Young Architect Award and was selected to participate in the Emerging Voices Series run by the Architectural League of New York. His work has been published in architectural journals around the world including Architectural Review, Architectural Record, A+U, Architect and Domus. A monograph highlighting his work at Perkins+Will was published in 1995. In addition, he has been a Visiting Critic at the Illinois Institute of Technology and the University of Illinois.
Johnson received his Bachelor of Architecture from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and his Master of Architecture degree from Harvard University. He began his career at Stanley Tigerman’s office and then joined Perkins+Will in 1976. He is a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects.
Notable Projects.
Chicago
U.S. National
International

</doc>
<doc id="9842939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842939" title="Cnoc an Fhreiceadain">
Cnoc an Fhreiceadain

Cnoc an Fhreiceadain (Hill of Watching or Watch Hill) is a coastal mountain peak in northern Scotland. It is high but commands views along the north coast of Scotland to Orkney in the east to Durness and Arkle in the West. It lies in the parish of Tongue with the crofting township of Coldbackie at its foot and looks across the Kyle of Tongue and Tongue Bay to the Rabbit Islands.
Cnoc an Fhreiceadain is an Old Red Sandstone conglomerate, and dates from the Paleozoic era, around 400 million years ago.
In 2004 as part of the BBC's "Top Gear" motoring programme, Jeremy Clarkson drove a Land Rover Discovery 3 from sea level to the summit of Cnoc an Fhreiceadain. The programme was criticised by the Mountaineering Council for Scotland for the potential impact of the climb on peat bogs and heather environments.

</doc>
<doc id="9842941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842941" title="Church on Blood">
Church on Blood

In the Russian Orthodox tradition, Church on Blood (храм на крови) is a church commemorating the spot of the murder of a member of the royal family. There are three such churches:

</doc>
<doc id="9842960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842960" title="Michael Hughes-Young, 1st Baron St Helens">
Michael Hughes-Young, 1st Baron St Helens

Michael Henry Colin Hughes-Young, 1st Baron St Helens, MC (28 October 1912 – 27 December 1980) was a British army officer and politician. He served as a Government whip for eight years; after being defeated, he was given an hereditary peerage by the crown.
Family.
Hughes-Young was the son of Brigadier-General Henry Young, a Northern Ireland-born Cavalry Officer who later served as Serjeant-at-Arms for the Parliament of Northern Ireland. He was sent to Selwyn House Preparatory School in Broadstairs, and then to Harrow School; he followed his father into the Army, studying at Sandhurst. In 1932 he joined the Black Watch.
Army career.
In 1934, Hughes-Young was attached to the French Army on an exchange programme; in 1935 he was seconded to the King's African Rifles. On the outbreak of the Second World War he married Elizabeth Blakiston-Houston, also from Northern Ireland. He fought against Italy in Abyssinia, and later returned to Britain where he participated in the invasion of Europe; he was wounded twice and won the Military Cross.
Politics.
Hughes-Young left the army, with the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, in 1947, and settled in Englefield Green in Surrey. He became an official of Conservative Central Office in the publicity department. At the 1951 general election, he fought St Helens against Hartley Shawcross, the President of the Board of Trade in the Labour government; this was a safe Labour constituency but it gave Hughes-Young much experience of fighting an election campaign.
Election to Parliament.
Prior to the 1955 general election Hughes-Young was selected as Conservative candidate for Wandsworth Central, a marginal seat. The Labour incumbent Richard Adams retired and Hughes-Young beat Labour's new candidate, Patricia Llewelyn-Davies, by just over 1,000 votes. He took until December to make his maiden speech, which was in a debate on raising the level of National Assistance; he argued that many people resented receiving it because it was charity which brought shame on their family.
Whip's Office.
Hughes-Young served as Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Minister of State, Board of Trade for some months in 1956. Harold Macmillan appointed Hughes-Young as an Assistant Whip when he became Prime Minister in January 1957. This silenced him in the Chamber of the House of Commons (because whips were not supposed to speak), although it was an unpaid post. In 1958 he was part of a Parliamentary delegation to the United States. He was also a member of a team of Ministers who went round the country making speeches in support of the government in September 1958. The next month, he was promoted to be a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury, a paid whip's role.
He had a tough fight against the same Labour opponent in the 1959 general election, but increased his majority to 1,972. He was designated as Deputy Government Chief Whip. In December 1961, he was involved in an outbreak of "grave disorder" in the Commons Chamber when he moved the closure of a debate before the Labour opposition spokesman, Patrick Gordon Walker had had chance to speak. This act provoked a lengthy dispute between the Parliamentary Labour Party and the Deputy Speaker. It did not harm his career as in March 1962 he was promoted to be Treasurer of the Household.
Defeat.
At the 1964 general election, Hughes-Young faced another challenge from Labour, who had selected Dr David Kerr; in his election address he pointed to the fact that Labour had opposed the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962 and asked how the local housing situation would cope without restrictions on immigration. In line with the national swing, Labour gained the constituency by 2,245 votes.
Peerage.
Sir Alec Douglas-Home gave Hughes-Young a hereditary peerage in his resignation honours list. He took the title Baron St Helens, of St Helens in the County palatine of Lancashire. His maiden speech on 10 March 1965 was on immigration; a month later he called for some of the commons on the outskirts of London to be used for temporary housing. He opposed the Bill to suspend the use of capital punishment. In March 1970 his elder son Patrick died from injuries received in Point to point racing.
He was named in the UK Delegation to attend the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe and Western European Union in 1970, and introduced a debate on housing in the House of Lords that May, opposing any reductions in the rate of house building and highlighting the breaking of an election pledge by the Labour government.

</doc>
<doc id="9842962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842962" title="Harvey Picker">
Harvey Picker

Harvey Picker (December 8, 1915 – March 22, 2008) was an American businessman, educator, inventor, and philanthropist. He was the founder, along with his wife, Jean, of the Boston-based Picker Institute, whose goal is to promote patient-centered healthcare.
Picker's father, James, founded Picker X-ray acquired by General Electric Co. Ltd. of England in 1981, which produced air-dropped X-ray labs for the Army in World War II and the Korean War. The younger Harvey led the company into such pioneering fields as cobalt treatment for cancer and ultrasound and nuclear imaging diagnostics. He remained with the company from 1946-1968.
At age 50, Picker sold the family business and earned his doctorate. He worked briefly in the diplomatic service, taught political science at Colgate University, then, between 1972-1983, served as dean of Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs.
Dr. and Mrs. Picker believed that the American health care system was technologically and scientifically outstanding, but overall was not sensitive to patients' concerns and their comfort. Thus, in 1986, they founded the Picker Institute - a not-for-profit organization dedicated to developing a patient-centered approach to healthcare - and in 2000 founded the Picker Institute Europe.
Jean Picker, who died in 1990, served as a U.S. delegate to the United Nations and was a journalist for Life Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="9842980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9842980" title="Three Birds Alighting on a Field">
Three Birds Alighting on a Field

Three Birds Alighting on a Field is a 1992 play by Timberlake Wertenbaker. Set in the 1980s, it tells the story of various characters associated with a failing art gallery and an opera house, and their attempts improve their prestige.

</doc>
<doc id="9843016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843016" title="ETT">
ETT

ETT may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9843018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843018" title="Moonlight Mile (manga)">
Moonlight Mile (manga)

The story follows a pair of mountain climbers who decide to become astronauts. Ōtagaki says, in the preview special of the anime, that his goal in writing the story was to create a realistic space drama that features the political elements involved in modern space missions. Ken Noguchi, a professional mountain climber, provided inspiration to the creators of "Moonlight Mile" for their depictions of ascending Mount Everest.
Plot summary.
Gorou Saruwatari and Lostman are mountain climbers who have ascended some of the highest mountains around the world. At the peak of Mount Everest, they see the ISA Space Station in the sky above and become determined to go into space. At the same time, ISA begins a program to research and obtain a new energy source which has been discovered on the moon. Gorou and Lostman attempt to join the program through different approaches: Lostman becomes a pilot and Gorou takes a job as a construction worker.
Anime.
The anime is split into two seasons. The first season, "LIFT Off", is composed of 12 episodes airing from March 3, 2007 to May 26, 2007. The second, "Touch Down", is composed of 14 episodes airing from September 13, 2007 to December 13, 2007.
Licensing in the United States.
ADV Films acquired the license for U.S. distribution of "Moonlight Mile" on July 21, 2007 for $156,000. This was announced at Otakon 2007. The series began its US DVD release on March 3, 2008 and the third and final volume came out on 05/20/2008. A box to hold all three volumes was released with the second volume. As it is currently known, only the first season "LIFT Off" has been licensed for a North American release. In July 2008, the anime became one of over 30 ADV titles transferred to Funimation.

</doc>
<doc id="9843025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843025" title="Pirámide de Mayo">
Pirámide de Mayo

The Pirámide de Mayo (; ), located at the hub of the Plaza de Mayo, is the oldest national monument in the City of Buenos Aires. Its construction was ordered in 1811 by the Primera Junta to celebrate the first anniversary of the May Revolution. It was renovated in 1856, under the direction of Prilidiano Pueyrredón. In 1912, after having undergone many modifications, it was moved 63 metres (68.9 yards) to the east, with the idea that a much larger monument would eventually be constructed around it.
The monument is crowned by an allegory of Liberty, the work of the French sculptor Joseph Dubourdieu. From the ground to the peak of the statue's Phrygian cap, the Pyramid measures 18.76 metres (61.5 feet).
Inauguration.
On April 5, 1811, with the approval of the Buenos Aires Cabildo, it was decided that the program of festivities commemorating the first anniversary of the Revolución de Mayo would include the construction of a pyramid. History does not record why a pyramidal form was chosen for the monument. Some speculate that it was an attempt to emulate the pyramids carved into the pillars of Paris's Porte Saint-Denis, to which the Pirámide de Mayo bears some resemblance.=
Since 1763 the Plaza de Mayo had been divided by the "Recova Vieja" (Old Arcade) into two smaller plazas: the one facing the eventual site of the Casa Rosada was known as the Plazoleta del Fuerte, and the one facing the Cabildo was known as the Plaza de la Victoria. The pyramid was situated in the center of the latter.
At the insistence of architect Pedro Vicente Cañete and Juan Gaspar Hernández, professor of sculpture at the University of Valladolid, it was decided that the monument would be constructed entirely out of solid materials, including 500 bricks, rather than out of wood, as had been planned originally. On April 6, the cement was poured to form the foundation, amid music and raucous celebration.
The monument was inaugurated as planned on National Day, despite the fact that Cañete had failed to meet the schedule and would not complete construction for several days. The pyramid was festooned with the banners of various illustrious regiments who had formed the garrison of Buenos Aires, including the patricians, highlanders, mulattoes and blacks, gunners, hussars, and grenadiers. The Pyramid as well as the Cathedral were heavily illuminated. The Recova was illuminated with 1,141 tallow candles. The festivities lasted four days and included dancing, raffles, and the manumission of slaves.
Although Cañete's original plans were lost, studies later determined that the Pyramid had been left hollow, rather than filled with masonry, in order to save time. It was made of baked adobe and stood thirteen metres tall, not including its two meter-tall pedestal. A platform supported its pediment, which was built on top of two grades. It had a simple quadrilateral pedestal and a floating cornice that extended around the entire structure. It was crowned by a decorative globe. The edifice was surrounded by a railing supported by twelve pillars, each terminating in a rounded knob. At each of the fence's four corners was a pointed pole from which lanterns were hung.
On national holidays the Pyramid was decorated with banners, bunting, paper lanterns, and inscriptions.
In 1826 president Bernardino Rivadavia announced plans to erect a monument to the Revolución de Mayo which would consist of a magnificent bronze fountain "in place of what exists today". It was debated whether the new monument should replace the Pyramid. In any case, due to Rivadavia's resignation the following year, the project was never carried out, despite the fact that it had been approved by the legislature.
In 1852 the Jaunet brothers illuminated the Pyramid with gas, using a small gasometer. The public, accustomed to the small oil lanterns, was awestruck by the effect.
The Renovation.
By 1856 the museum had fallen into disrepair. The painter and architect Prilidiano Pueyrredón was charged with the restoration. He set out to transform the monument into something more artistic and grandiose. The modern pyramid was built directly over the old, which was covered in bricks and masonry to form a suitable foundation for the new additions.
The top of the statue was furnished with an allegory of Liberty, crowned with a Phrygian cap. This statue, standing 3.6 metres, was created by the French sculptor Joseph Dubourdieu from a combination of materials. Dubourdieu was also responsible for four other allegories, "Industry", "Commerce", "The Sciences" and "The Arts", which were placed at the four corners of the pedestal.
The eastern face of the obelisk was adorned with a golden sun, which now faces toward the Casa Rosada. The remaining three sides are decorated with crowns of laurels in alto-relievo. Pueyrredón also modified the original pedestal and capital, increasing their height and breadth. Each of the four sides of the base was adorned with the national arms. A new fence was constructed and a gaslight placed at each corner.
In 1859, the deteriorating condition of the plaster led the city to reface the base in marble.
By 1873 the stucco and terracotta statues installed by Dubourdieu had not surprisingly begun to decay. Consequently, they were replaced with four Carrara marble statues which had originally been located on the first floor of the Banco Provincia on Calle San Martín. These were "Geography", "Astronomy", "Navigation" and "Industry". These remained until 1912, when they were placed in storage. In 1972 they were installed — and remain to this day — in the old Plazoleta de San Francisco, at the intersection of Calles Defensa and Alsina, 150 metres from the modern Pyramid.
In 1883, on the orders of intendente de la ciudad de Buenos Aires Torcuato de Alvear, the "Recova" was demolished, joining the Plazoleta del Fuerte and the Plaza del Victoria to form the modern Plaza de Mayo. Alvear had considered demolishing the Pyramid and erecting a more grandiose monument in its place, but in order to do so, required the permission of the deliberative council in charge of the project. The council consulted the opinion of various distinguished citizens, including ex-presidents Bartolomé Mitre, Domingo Faustino Sarmiento, and Nicolás Avellaneda. Mitre saw no reason to preserve the monument, because after its many renovations and additions it was no longer, in an authentic sense, the original Pyramid erected following the Revolution. He considered only the foundation worthy of preservation. Sarmiento also rejected the additions to the primitive structure. Avellaneda felt it should be restored to its original form and stripped of its more recent adornments, but not destroyed outright. In the end, none of these suggestions were acted upon, because although the majority favored demolition, the national government preferred the status quo.
The Relocation.
In 1906, with a few years until the centenary of the May Revolution, plans were put forward for a new monument that would completely contain the Pyramid, which consequently had to be relocated to the center of the Plaza de Mayo. This was not realized until 1912. After the marble statues had been removed, the Pyramid was enclosed with wood for protection. Two rails were laid, four metres apart, supported by masonry pillars that could support a weight of 225 metric tons. Under the Pyramid was a cement platform resting on solid wheels. Between November 12 and 20, the Pyramid was pulled 63.17 metres with a winch. A metal time capsule containing information about the relocation was buried under the Pyramid's new foundation.
Despite the success of the move, the project to surround the Pyramid with a larger monument never materialized. Many remained hopeful that the Pyramid would be restored to its historical origins, including the return of the steps and railing, and the removal of the "shell of stucco and inappropriate figures". However, later resolutions limited further reforms to ground level. The foundation was repainted and the arms restored to their 1813 condition. The original railing was, ultimately, restored.
Decree 120.412, issued May 21, 1942, declared the Pyramid a historical monument. Law 1.653, passed by the legislature of the city of Buenos Aires on March 10, 2005, conferred the status of a historical site on the area surrounding the Pyramid, which is notable for sidewalk paintings of shawls representing the Madres de Plaza de Mayo. On December 8 of that year, at the request of her children, the ashes of the organization's founder, Azucena Villaflor, were buried at the base of the Pyramid, where she had organized her first protest.
The Commemorative Plaque.
On the west side of the Pyramid is a bronze plaque, 85 cm wide and 57 cm high, on which two names are inscribed: "Felipe Pereyra de Lucena" and "Manuel Artigas". These names, unknown to most who visit the Pyramid, were added to the monument in 1891 during the presidency of Carlos Pellegrini, in recognition of the first two military officers to lose their lives in the cause of Argentine independence:
The news of these two casualties was met with shock, in response to which the government junta resolved to record the officers' names in bronze. However, due to lack of funds, the project was suspended. Pereyra's father petitioned the government in 1812, to no avail. In 1856, relatives of Pereyra once more appealed for the plaque's creation, but no action was taken. In 1891, the necessary funds were raised through popular subscription, and the plaque was installed on May 24 of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="9843026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843026" title="Life in Your Way">
Life in Your Way

Life in Your Way (also known as LIYW) is a post-hardcore band from Connecticut.
History.
The band was formed by three long-time friends Josh Kellam, Dave Bullock, and Todd Mackey. Jeremy Kellam joined the band to play bass after the dissolution of his former band, which also included Casey McCue who played second guitar for a short period and was then replaced by Jason DiNitto.
The band played many concerts throughout the Northeastern United States, quickly garnering acclaim and a rapidly multiplying fan-base. At that time they befriended a band called Solace from New York, with whom they released a split CD entitled The Heart and Flesh Cry Out. It should be noted, that the musical style of the band at that time far more influenced by metalcore than their later material. At some point during this phase, Dave left the band, and they continued on a four piece with Jay remaining on guitar. Todd who later played guitar for the band, played drums in this incarnation.
Jay exited the band and after a short hiatus, Todd transitioned to guitar and the band recruited John Young to take his place as drummer. They also added Andrew Bradley as second guitarist. The hiatus and the line-up changes sparked a dramatic stylistic transformation, which was sonically captured on the four song demo entitled 'All These Things Tie Me Down'. Released in 2002 the sharp contrast of the demo with their earlier split CD only further fanned the flames of their popularity. The demo attracted Indianola Records, who signed the band, and released their first two full-length records. The first, 'The Sun Rises and the Sun Sets... and Still Our Time is Endless', which was released in 2003, and their second, 'Ignite and Rebuild', which was released in 2005. The latter was also released in the Christian Market by Floodgate Records, and in Europe by Guideline Records.
After the recording of The Sun Rises and the Sun Sets..., Todd left the band to pursue an opportunity singing for the band With Honor.
He was replaced for a short time by the former guitarist of the band Solace, Mike Saracino.
Several tours into promoting the record, John Young left the band, and not long after Andrew Bradley left as well.
The band went on a hiatus due to the lack of sufficient band members and started holding auditions for replacements. They chose a drummer, John Gaskill, a resident of Virginia, and also recruited two local guitarists from the defunct rock band October War, Dave Swanson and James Allen.
Once their contract with Indianola Records expired, the band signed with Solid State Records in June 2006. Their first, and only full-length record for Solid State Records entitled 'Waking Giants', was produced by Garth Richardson, and released on March 6, 2007. Shortly after the release of Waking Giants, guitarist Dave Swanson left the band to play guitar for Texas based electro-pop-rock band PlayRadioPlay!, and not long after, was followed by James Allen. To replace the two departed guitarists, the band rejoined with former guitarist Todd Mackey, and recruited Corey Stroffolino of the fellow Connecticut band, The Risk Taken.
Disbanding.
The band played its final concert at the Heirloom Arts Theatre in Danbury, Connecticut on July 12, 2008, to a sold-out crowd, reuniting with several former members who played with the band in a revolving line-up at the concert.
The band reunited for a concert not long after on December 20, 2008. At this concert the band performed alongside Wrench in the Works, The Risk Taken, Our Final Say, and With Honor, who had also reunited for the concert.
Reformation and 'Kingdoms' (2011).
On February 11, 2011 the band announced they had reformed, and while several former members returned to the band, John Gaskill was succeeded by Andy Nelson formerly of the band Wrench in the Works as drummer.
The band stated they would be releasing a new record entitled 'Kingdoms', and later clarified through a Twitter post that 'Kingdoms' will not be traditional full length album, but rather will be released successively as three EPs which will be entitled The Kingdom of Man, The Kingdom of Darkness and The Kingdom of God which will be released on Come&Live! Records for free in 2011.
The band opened a Kickstarter campaign for fans to help raise money for the record, and the project met the projected goal of $12,500 in 3 days, 7 hours with 304 backers according band members' facebook posts.
The band's comeback show was July 16, 2011 at Toad's Place in New Haven, Connecticut.
Band Members.
[http://www.theprp.com/2011/03/04/news/life-in-your-way-confirm-latest-lineup/]
Related Projects.
Current musical projects involving past and present members of the band are:

</doc>
<doc id="9843028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843028" title="Arms">
Arms

Arms or ARMS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9843042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843042" title="Miss Universo Chile">
Miss Universo Chile

Miss Universo Chile is a national beauty pageant that selects Chile's representative to the Miss Universe pageant. 
History.
Chile is one of the few countries that has participated in Miss Universe since 1952, has sent 47 representatives in the pageant's 60-year history and placed 13 times in the semifinals, with one Miss Universe crown: Cecilia Bolocco, in 1987. 
Integral beauty, intelligence, and poise are taken into consideration to select Chile's titleholder from a group of delegates who represent the city they come from. It is said that the winner is the most beautiful woman of Chile, which gives her the right to represent her country for one year and participate in the Miss Universe international competition.
Luciano Marocchino has had the Chilean franchise for Miss Universe since 2004, but did not send a delegate since 2007. In 2011, Chile returned to the Miss Universe 2011 with Vanessa Ceruti, Miss Universo Chile 2011. The current titleholder is María Jesús Matthei, who represented her country in Miss Universe 2013 in November 9th, 2013.
Regional Ranking of Winners.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9843056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843056" title="Sami Nair">
Sami Nair

Sami Nair (b. 23 August 1946 in Tlemcen) is an Algerian-born French political philosopher who coined the term "codevelopment". A specialist on migration movements and their socio-political effects, he advised the government of Lionel Jospin from 1997–1999, and the European Parliament until 2004. Since 2001 he has been vice president of the Citizen and Republican Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="9843076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843076" title="KCUB (AM)">
KCUB (AM)

KCUB (1290 AM, "The Source") is a commercial radio station located in Tucson, Arizona. KCUB airs a sports talk format. KCUB serves as the flagship station for University of Arizona Wildcats football and basketball games via IMG Sports. KCUB is the local affiliate of the NFL's Arizona Cardinals.
The format includes programming from CBS Sports Radio, including host Jim Rome, as well as local hosts Kevin Parker and Rob Lantz, and Dan Patrick's Fox Sports Radio program.
KCUB was founded in 1929 as KVOA - in 1953, believing that TV would replace radio, the owners kept their then-new KVOA-TV channel 4 and sold off the radio station.

</doc>
<doc id="9843114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843114" title="Al-Mahawil">
Al-Mahawil

Al-Mahawil (also Mahawil, Al Maḩāwīl, Qaḑā’ al Maḩāwīl, and Khān al Mahawīl) is a Sunni Arab city in southern Iraq in the Babil Governorate.

</doc>
<doc id="9843119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843119" title="Marie van Zandt">
Marie van Zandt

Marie van Zandt (October 8, 1858December 31, 1919) was an American soprano.
Life and career.
Born in New York City, van Zandt was the daughter of Jennie van Zandt, who had sung at La Scala and at New York's Academy of Music. She studied in Milan with Francesco Lamperti, making her debut as Zerlina in "Don Giovanni" in Turin in 1879. Successful appearances followed, including at Covent Garden in 1879. But at that time it was necessary to make real debuts in Paris. So she left for Paris in 1880 where her mother who had acquaintances in the Parisian high society managed to introduce her daughter to professionals.
Marie van Zandt who was only 21 signed a contract with the Opéra-Comique in 1880, making her debut as "Mignon". It was the beginning of the glory. Léo Delibes composed his opera "Lakmé" for her, and she created the title role for its world premiere in 1883. Organized opposition at the Opéra-Comique was created at around this time in an attempt to discredit her; her impossibly arrogant and vulgar conduct certainly didn't help: She was too drunk to sing at the premiere of "Le Barbier de Séville" on Nov. 8, 1884, staggering around the stage with dishevelled hair after having imbibed copious amounts of absinth in her dressing-room to gain some Dutch courage, slurring her melody and speech, until a courageous colleague ended the sad farce by carrying her off the stage; a young singer who happened to be in the audience had to stand in to save the performance. The Parisian press at the time rightly recognized her off-colour behaviour as typically American! Nevertheless she assumed a successful career for a short while, and the Parisian "beau monde" praised her, as for example Baron Alphonse de Rothschild who used to reserve "loges" for his family and friends when she appeared on stage. She travelled all around Europe for tours, quickly overstaying her welcome everywhere she went, and usually not invited back.
Marie van Zandt made her Metropolitan Opera debut as Amina in Vincenzo Bellini's "La sonnambula" on December 21, 1891, remaining with the company for only one season, as usual. She returned to the Opéra-Comique in 1896 and revived some of her earlier success there, including Lakmé to huge enthusiasm in 1896, and Zerlina and Mignon in 1897. It was reported that she would be appearing in March 1897 in the premiere of Massenet's "Cendrillon".
She was a good friend of Jules Massenet and used to sing for Parisian aristocratic salons, for example at Mme Lemaire's "hôtel particulier", where Massenet, Marcel Proust, Countess Greffulhe, Camille Saint-Saëns, Reynaldo Hahn, etc. were frequent guests.
She married with a Russian Count and went into retirement, staying in France.
Marie van Zandt died in Cannes in 1919. Her ashes are to be found at Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="9843264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843264" title="Chris Jones (1980s outfielder)">
Chris Jones (1980s outfielder)

Christopher Dale (Chris) Jones (born July 13, 1957 in Los Angeles, California) is a former backup outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Houston Astros () and San Francisco Giants (). He batted and threw left-handed.
In a two-season career, Jones was a .192 hitter (5-for-26) with one RBI and no home runs in 34 games played.

</doc>
<doc id="9843270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843270" title="Réalité Anonyme">
Réalité Anonyme

Réalité Anonyme is a French-language rap group from Montpellier, France. However, shortly after the release of the second album, Volont-r left the group for personal reasons. Barseuloné, the sole remaining member, has vowed to pursue a solo career. His next album, "Ma Petite Soeur" (still as 'Réalité Anonyme') is due out this year, in 2007. The group openly embrace their religious beliefs and the use of Islam is extensive throughout their music.

</doc>
<doc id="9843278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843278" title="Premier Kelso Hurdle">
Premier Kelso Hurdle

The Premier Kelso Hurdle is a Grade 2 National Hunt hurdle race in Scotland which is open to horses aged four years or older. It is run at Kelso over a distance of about 2 miles and 2 furlongs (3,621 metres), and during its running there are ten hurdles to be jumped. The race is for novice hurdlers, and it is scheduled to take place each year in late February or early March.

</doc>
<doc id="9843292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843292" title="Alan Dean (ornithologist)">
Alan Dean (ornithologist)

Alan R. Dean is a British ornithologist with a special interest in gulls and warblers. He lives in Solihull, West Midlands.
He is a member of the West Midland Bird Club and was an assistant editor of its Annual Reports for 1975-1980. He was a member of the British Birds Rarities Committee from 1984–1992 and in 2007 published a comprehensive account of the committee's history and publications. He has published a number of identification papers in "British Birds". His papers and articles on Siberian chiffchaff have been of particular note. 
In 2010, the West Midland Bird Club conferred on him life membership, in recognition of his contribution to ornithology.

</doc>
<doc id="9843307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843307" title="Claude Welch">
Claude Welch

Claude Raymond Welch (March 10, 1922 in Genoa City, Wisconsin - November 6, 2009 in Freeport, Illinois) was a historical theologian specializing in Karl Barth and nineteenth-century theology.
Early life.
Welch was born to Virgil and Deone Welch. He had two brothers—Wesley and Robert (both deceased) and a sister, Irene.
Welch's first memories were of Buck Creek, Iowa, where his father had been appointed minister of a very small church. The family moved to Fayette, Iowa (population then was about 900) where his father was Professor of Bible Studies at Upper Iowa University, at that time a very small school of about 300 students. Virgil taught Bible and spent some time traveling with Claude around the state recruiting students. Claude was unique in winning the top statewide student awards in five subjects while in high school.
Education.
Welch graduated from Upper Iowa University with a B.A. in history, received his B.D. and M.Div. from Yale Divinity School in 1945, and his Ph.D. from Yale in 1950. His doctoral dissertation was later published as "In This Name: The Doctrine of the Trinity in Contemporary Theology" (Scribners, 1952) and is considered to be a seminal 20th century work on the Trinity.
Career.
Welch taught at Princeton from 1947–1951 and Yale University Divinity School from 1951-1960. He served as Director of Graduate Studies in Religion at Yale from 1954-1955. From 1956 to 1957 he engaged in research on Karl Barth at the University of Heidelberg on a Fulbright scholarship.
He was appointed Berg Professor of Religious Thought and Chairman of the Department of Religion at the University of Pennsylvania in 1960. In 1964 Welch was appointed Associate Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences. Another Fulbright was spent in Neuchâtel, Switzerland, from 1964-1965 where he did work on the first volume of his survey of 19th century Protestant thought. In 1969, Welch was appointed the Director of the Study of Graduate Education in Religion by the American Council of Learned Societies. He was elected President of the American Academy of Religion in 1970. In the fall of 1971, he was appointed Dean and Professor of Historical Theology of the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley, California, and was appointed president of GTU the following year. He retired from teaching in 2006 when he moved to Illinois.
Welch's research interests focused primarily on modern theology and philosophy of religion, 18th to 20th centuries, and theology and natural science. He claims to have intended to become a systematic theologian and spend more time on the 20th century, but maintained that one cannot do 20th century theology without understanding the 19th century first, or the 19th without the 18th.

</doc>
<doc id="9843334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843334" title="Constant weight apnea">
Constant weight apnea

Constant weight (CWT) is a freediving discipline recognised by the AIDA International (International Association for Development of Apnea) in which the freediver descends and ascends using his fins/monofin and/or with the use of his arms without pulling on the rope or changing his ballast; only a single hold of the rope to stop the descent and start the ascent is allowed. Constant weight is the common sportive depth discipline of freediving, because of the specific fins or monofins used in it. Constant weight is one of the three disciplines considered for international competition, with static apnea and dynamic with fins. 

</doc>
<doc id="9843335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843335" title="Sherman Day Thacher">
Sherman Day Thacher

Sherman Day Thacher, (November 6, 1861 - August 5, 1931), was the founder and headmaster of The Thacher School at Ojai, California.
Early life, education and degrees.
Thacher was the son of Elizabeth Baldwin (Sherman) Thacher, granddaughter of Roger Sherman, and Thomas Anthony Thacher. The family had a history at Yale University. His mother's father, Roger Sherman, Jr., had obtained his bachelor's degree from Yale in 1787 and his father obtained his 1835. His father was also both an administrator and a professor of Latin at Yale. He had a sister, Elizabeth, who would one day marry U.S. Congressman William Kent and a brother, William L. Thacher, who would join him in the Thacher School.
Thacher attended Hopkins Grammar School in his youth before himself attending Yale, where he served on the eleventh editorial board of "The Yale Record". He distinguished himself in English, taking second prize in English composition during his second year. From 1883 to 1884, he worked as a salesman for W. & J. Sloane in New York City, before, in 1886, he earned a Bachelor of Laws with honors from Yale, taking the Townsend Prize and the John Addison Porter Prize. In 1923, Yale would bestow upon him an honorary Master of Arts.
During his college career, he was a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon, Psi Upsilon, and Skull and Bones. In 1926, Occidental College of Los Angeles made him an honorary charter member of the Delta chapter of Phi Beta Kappa.
Career.
After graduation, Thacher moved to California and took up of government land to plant an orange grove. In 1889, he founded the Thacher School at Ojai, California, serving as its headmaster. In 1895, his brother William came to work with the school. He remained as headmaster until his retirement in June, 1931.
During his career, he held a number of other positions, honorary and actual. From 1898 to 1912, he was trustee of the San Antonio District School. From 1908 to 1922, he was president of the board of trustees of Nordhoff High School in California. He stood as president of the Headmasters Association of the Pacific Coast Private Schools for Boys from 1930 to 1931. He was an honorary member of the Headmasters Association of Eastern Private Schools for Boys.
From 1918-1919, he was the vice president of the Yale Club of Southern California and represented it on the Alumni Board at Yale after 1920. In 1924, he was a member of the Yale Committee for Participation in the Restoration of the Library of the University of Louvain
Active in civics as well, he chaired the executive committee of the Ojai Valley Men's League from 1910 to 1920, and in 1912 chaired a standing committee of the Ojai Board of Trade. In 1918, he served the local Exemption Board for Ventura County. He was a Four-Minute Man and the director of the Ojai Civic Association. He stood on the advisory committee of the California Junior Republic from 1920-1931.
He was an honorary trustee of the National Society of Mental Hygiene. He was a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science; the American Academy of Arts and Sciences; and the American Academy of Political and Social Science.
Personal life.
On June 24, 1896, Thacher wed Eliza Seely Blake in New Haven. Although Blake herself was a graduate of the University of California (1895), her family were Yale alumni as well. Her father, Charles Thompson Blake, had graduated with a BA in 1847, and her grandfather Eli Whitney Blake had graduated with a BA in 1816.
The couple shared nine children. In addition to three sons who died in infancy, they had Elizabeth, George Blake, Anson Stiles, Helen Sherman, Harriet Janet, and Sherman Day, Jr. Two of their sons, George Blake and Anson Stiles, carried on the family Yale tradition, in 1925 and 1927 respectively. (George Blake would go on to attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1927.) Two of their daughters, Helen Sherman and Harriet Janet, attended Smith College (1930, 1934). Their eldest child, Elizabeth, graduated from the University of California in 1920.
Thacher was 69 years old when he died, on August 5, 1931, of operative shock. He left behind his wife, three sons, and three daughters. A Presbyterian, Thacher attended the Ojai Valley Community Church from 1887 until his death. 

</doc>
<doc id="9843337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843337" title="1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Overall">
1990 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Overall

Women's Overall World Cup 1989/1990
In Women's Overall World Cup all results count.

</doc>
<doc id="9843352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843352" title="My Introduction">
My Introduction

My Introduction is Thisha's debut album.

</doc>
<doc id="9843360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843360" title="Kelly Liggan">
Kelly Liggan

Kelly Liggan (born 5 February 1979, in Dublin) is an Irish professional tennis player. 
Liggan resides in Malaga, Spain, but plays tennis for Ireland. She has had some success on the International Tennis Federation tour, winning several titles for both singles and doubles, and in 2002 she won her first Women's Tennis Association tour doubles title. 
Liggan has made two Grand Slam doubles main draw appearances. She reached the 2003 US Open second round and the 2004 Wimbledon Championships second round. Liggan has had several WTA tour main draw appearances; however, she has never reached a quarterfinal.
Due to nagging injuries, Kelly retired in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9843384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843384" title="All About You (film)">
All About You (film)

All About You is a 2001 African American romantic comedy film that was written and directed by Christine Swanson. The film stars Renee Goldsberry as a woman who tries to find love and ends up in a complicated romantic triangle. The film had its world premiere on August 4, 2001, at the Urbanworld Film Festival. Swanson initially had some difficulty in finding a distributor for the film, as distributors stated it was "not edgy enough".
Swanson released a followup entitled "All About Us" in 2007.
Plot.
Nicole is in love with her boyfriend Robbie and is ready to start talking about marriage. Unfortunately for her, he hasn’t even thought about a future with her. She moves to San Francisco to start a new life, and ends up with Robbie's brother Brian as her roommate for one month. Just as Nicole and Brian realize they have feelings for each other, Robbie wants to try a relationship with Nicole again.
Reception.
Critical reception for "All About You" has been mixed. DVD Talk and "Chicago Reader" both praised the film's acting while also criticizing the script as being overly predictable.

</doc>
<doc id="9843396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843396" title="Josef Kaizl">
Josef Kaizl

Josef Kaizl (1854–1901) was a Czech professor and politician in the Austria-Hungary Empire. He was a member of the Imperial Council, and finance minister between 1898 and 1899.
Kaizl studied law at the Charles University in Prague, and economics at University of Strasbourg, where he studied under Gustav von Schmoller and Georg Friedrich Knapp. He started teaching political economy at the Charles University in 1879, becoming a full professor in 1883, in the then Czech section of the university. He was closely associated with Jan Gebauer and Tomáš Masaryk, who later became the first president of the Czechoslovak Republic.
In 1885, Kaizl would be elected to the Imperial Council for the Old Czechs, but returned his seat in 1887. He then worked with Masaryk on the expanding the Realist philosophical movement. They would join the Young Czechs in 1890. In 1891 and 1895, the Young Czechs were highly successful in elections; this political power was transferred in Kaizl receiving the post of finance minister in the Count Thun government, the highest political position a Czech would ever come to hold in Austria-Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="9843400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843400" title="Abu Al-Khaseeb">
Abu Al-Khaseeb

Abu Al-Khaseeb, sometimes spelled Abu Al-Khasib, is a town in the Basrah Governorate of Iraq south of Basra. It is a primarily Shia town.
Abu Al-Khasib is considered an agricultural town. It is well known by its palm farms all over Ahat Al-Arab. There are also farms of different kinds of vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="9843404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843404" title="Aces (album)">
Aces (album)

Aces is the third studio album by the American country music singer-songwriter Suzy Bogguss, released on August 27, 1991 through Liberty Records. The first single released was the titular track, "Aces". The album spawned three Top #10 hits on the country charts -- "Outbound Plane," "Aces" and "Letting Go" and stayed at number #1 in album sales and in the top ten on the country charts for 5 weeks. 
"Aces" is Bogguss's highest-charting album and has gone on to earn an RIAA Platinum certification and was nominated for the 1992 CMA "Horizon Award". Following the success of "Aces", the Country Music Association recognized Bogguss's achievements in 1992 by giving her its Horizon Award, which is awarded annually to the artist who has demonstrated the most significant creative growth and development.
Promotional videos.
Two music videos were made to promote the album: "Outbound Plane" and "Letting Go". Both were directed by Deaton-Flanigen. The story of "Outbound Plane" depicts life out in a deserted airport featuring Bogguss and her lover as central characters, and "Letting Go" tells the story of a mother remembering her daughter from her early years until she leaves for college.
Reception.
Alanna Nash of "Entertainment Weekly" wrote that "Aces" "challenges the conceit of the stereotypical passive country female, willing to put up with all manner of cantankerous behavior to hold on to a man." She also said that "In one gutsy song after another, Bogguss — whose clear soprano rings without artifice — takes no guff, emerging as a woman and singer of substance.." Bryan Buss of Allmusic stated that Bogguss's "appealing girl-next-door approach, her choice to straddle the fence between contemporary and traditional C&W and her perfectly pitched voice are what helped ["Aces"] be the catalyst for making her a household name among country music fans."
Certifications.
RIAA Certification

</doc>
<doc id="9843416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843416" title="Operation Herbstnebel">
Operation Herbstnebel

Unternehmen Herbstnebel ("Operation Autumn Mist") was an offensive planned by German Field Marshal Walter Model and his Army Group B operational staff in late 1944 during World War II. It envisaged a German Army attack targeting the Allied forces in eastern Belgium and Luxembourg, east of the Meuse River.
Concept of the operation.
"Herbstnebel" was created as an alternative to "Wacht am Rhein", Adolf Hitler's plan to seize Antwerp and bottle up all Allied forces in Belgium and the Netherlands. Model, along with all the other senior commanders involved, believed this was unachievable given Germany's limited resources at the time. Thus he devised a less ambitious scenario that would not cross the Meuse, but still deliver a sharp defeat to the Allies. Like "Wacht am Rhein", Model's attack would be launched in the Ardennes sector, but would then turn north instead of continuing west and northwest.
Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt commanding OB West, had come up with a similar plan, "Fall Martin" ("Case Martin"). Von Rundstedt's plan called for a two-pronged attack instead of a single thrust, but in both plans the area of operations remained east of the Meuse. Model and von Rundstedt combined their plans to present a joint solution to Hitler, called by Model the "small solution". Hitler rejected it in favour of his "big solution", which formed the basis for the Battle of the Bulge.
Confusingly, Operation "Wacht am Rhein" was itself renamed "Herbstnebel" in early December, although it remains most well known by its original name. The actual plan of attack was unchanged.

</doc>
<doc id="9843469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843469" title="Martin Štěpánek (free-diver)">
Martin Štěpánek (free-diver)

Martin Štěpánek (born in Náchod, Czech Republic on June 5, 1977) is a world class freediver and record-holder.
From 1984 to 1997 he was a competitive monofin swimmer (finswimmer) (distances 50m and 100m). Martin's academic background follows a degree in Forestry Engineering with advanced studies in Sports Biology at the Charles University in Prague, Czech Republic. After moving to the United States he became USA Certified as a Deep Sea and Saturation Commercial Diver in May 1999. In 2000 Martin met Douglas Peterson, who went on to become his freediving coach and mentor, guiding him to his first World Record in July 2001. Since then, Martin has continued to set freediving world records annually up to the present day. He is now recognized as one of the pioneers of modern freediving education.
Martin was on hand during David Blaine's "Drowned Alive" stunt in Lincoln Center in May 2006. Blaine was attempting to hold his breath (known as "apnea") long enough to break the current world record of eight minutes, fifty-eight seconds. Martin dove into the tank to assist Blaine after the attempt failed.
On March 1, 2007 Martin announced his resignation from Performance Freediving International, and on March 16, 2007 announced the formation of freediving education agency, Freediving Instructors International headquartered out of Fort Lauderdale, Florida and now the largest freediving education agency in the United States. Martin is an advisory board member of DiveWise a non-profit organization dedicated to freediver education and safety.
In May 2009, utilizing only his monofin for propulsion, Martin became the first man to dive over 400 feet on a single breath of air. 
On May 23, 2011 Martin announced he will attempt to break all three current depth freediving World Records at his upcoming event. Due to a diving related incident, the dive was cut short at 90 meters (the current record to beat was 125 meters). Martin decided that he would cancel further record breaking attempts during the event until he received a more detailed medical examination. 
On August 6, 2011, Martin married his partner and fellow freediver, Niki Roderick.

</doc>
<doc id="9843488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843488" title="Viking Trilogy">
Viking Trilogy

The Viking Trilogy is a trilogy of juvenile historical novels by Henry Treece.
They are "Viking's Dawn, The Road to Miklagard and Viking's Sunset". Treece wrote several juvenile historical novels, some set during the viking era, and this trilogy is regarded as among his best.
The three novels describe the adventures of Harald Sigurdson, a Norwegian viking. He goes on three voyages, which between them are representative of the various voyages which were made by the Vikings, and which take place at different stages in his life.
Viking's Dawn.
Harold is an adolescent who sails with his father on a raid to Scotland. They come to grief on an island in the Hebrides.
The Road to Miklagard.
Harald is now a young man whose father has died. He has a complicated series of adventures which takes him to a giant's treasure cave in Ireland, then Jebel Tarik (Gibraltar), then to Miklagard (the Viking's name for Constantinople) where he joins the famous Varangian Guard. Eventually Harald returns home to Norway via the great ship-portage on the Dnieper.
Viking's Sunset.
Harald is now a mature man who enjoys a peaceful life of farming with his wife and sons. When his village is attacked, he forms a crew of vikings and pursues the raiders. The chase leads him across the Atlantic Ocean to the east coast of America. He and his crew encounter Inuit and then Native Americans. Harald's final fight takes place among the native tribes. In a great battle, it is revealed that he is a berserker. Significant scenes include the death of one of the raiders, Havlock Ingolfsson, whom Harald abandons to die on a skerry, and Harald's death at the hands of Heome, the mad handless brother of heroic Wawasha. The brothers have similarities with Loki and Balder respectively. This novel has obvious parallels with the Norse Vinland saga.

</doc>
<doc id="9843493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843493" title="Mnesarchaea">
Mnesarchaea

Mnesarchaeoidea is a superfamily of "New Zealand primitive moths" containing one family, Mnesarchaeidae and a single genus, Mnesarchaea, endemic to New Zealand.
Taxonomy and systematics.
Mnesarchaeoidea constitutes the living sister taxon to the superfamily Hepialoidea[http://www.tolweb.org/Exoporia].
Morphology and identification.
The mouthparts of the adult moths are functional, unlike Hepialoidea. About seven species are not yet described, and the group is under revision by Gibbs et al. (see also Gibbs, 1979; Dugdale, 1988).
Biology and behaviour.
The moths are mostly day-flying. The larvae live in silken galleries among liverworts and soil detritus. See Kristensen (1999: 57-59) for more details.

</doc>
<doc id="9843508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843508" title="The Luv Show">
The Luv Show

The Luv Show is a 1995 Ann Magnuson solo album which was originally released in November 1995 on Geffen Records.
Album credits.
Songstress: Ann Magnuson
Producer: Don Fleming
Engineer: Adam Kaspar
In Los Angeles
Supersession band:
Guitar – Art Byington
Bass – Richie Lee
Drums, Percussion, Effects – Mike Kelley
L.A. Studio: Chéz Kelley
L.A. Remote: Your Place Or Mine
Assistant Engineer: Tom Nellen
In New York City
Keyboards and Accordion – Tom Judson
Guitars – Randolph A. Hudson III, Dave Rick, Dom Fleming, Ann Magnuson
Percussion – David Licht
Trombone – Christoper Washburne
Trumpet – John Walsh 
Theremin – Walter Sear, Don Fleming
NYC Studio: Sear Sound
Engineer: Bil Emmons
Mastering: Greg Calbi at Masterdisk, NY, NY
Vibeology: Jim Dunbar
with special guest star Jim Thirlwell as "That Satan Guy"

</doc>
<doc id="9843537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843537" title="Ernesto Ruffini">
Ernesto Ruffini

Ernesto Ruffini (19 January 1888—11 June 1967) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Palermo from 1945 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1946 by Pope Pius XII.
Biography.
Ruffini was born in San Benedetto Po in the Province of Mantua, and studied at the diocesan seminary of Mantua, the Pontifical Theological Faculty of Northern Italy (obtaining his licentiate in theology), and the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas (Angelicum) (licentiate in philosophy) and Pontifical Biblical Institute (diploma to teach Biblical Science) in Rome. He was ordained to the priesthood on 10 July 1910, and finished his studies in 1912.
Ruffini taught at the Major Roman Seminary (1913–1930), and then the Pontifical Urbaniana University (1917–1929). Raised to the rank of Monsignor in 1925, he was appointed Secretary of the Congregation of Seminaries and Universities on 28 October 1928. Ruffini was made a Protonotary Apostolic on 15 June 1931. In 1930, Ruffini was made Prefect of Studies at the Pontifical Lateran University, of which he was named rector "magnifico" in the following year. Noted for his interest in science, Ruffini founded the Medical Biological Union of St. Luke, examining the relationships between Catholicism and science, in 1944.
On 11 October 1945, he was named Archbishop of Palermo by Pope Pius XII. Ruffini received his episcopal consecration on the following 8 December from Giuseppe Cardinal Pizzardo, with Archbishop Francesco Duca and Bishop Domenico Menna serving as co-consecrators. Ruffini was created Cardinal-Priest of "S. Sabina" by Pius XII in the consistory of 18 February 1946. He was the first cardinal-designate to place his wardrobe order to the Gamarelli episcopal tailors, which he did the same morning as the announcement of his elevation to the Sacred College. He later participated in the 1958 papal conclave, which selected Pope John XXIII. Cardinal Ruffini was also among the "papabili" at that conclave.
During his tenure as Palermo's archbishop, he supported Francisco Franco, but protested against Communism and anti-Mafia activist Danilo Dolci. He also demanded that the Sicilian bandit Salvatore Giuliano cease murdering within Palermo, and was cautious to be tricked into implying that the Mafia was the main problem of Sicily. To a journalist's question of "What is the Mafia?" he responded: "So far as I know, it could be a brand of detergent."
A stern opponent of reform, he attended the Second Vatican Council (1962–1965), and sat on its Board of Presidency. Ruffini was also part of the conservative-minded study group Coetus Internationalis Patrum at the council. He was forced to intervene in a heated discussion between Cardinals Alfredo Ottaviani and Augustin Bea in the course of the last preparatory session of the Council. During the discussion on the Council's proposed declaration against anti-Semitism, Cardinal Ruffini accused the document of being overly kind to the Jews, whom he saw as hostile to Christianity. He also disapproved of "Gaudium et Spes", "Sacrosanctum Concilium", and "Dignitatis Humanae".
Cardinal Ruffini was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 1963 papal conclave, which selected Pope Paul VI.
He died from a heart attack in Palermo, at age 79. Ruffini is buried in the shrine of "Madonna dei Rimedi".

</doc>
<doc id="9843554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843554" title="Mylène Farmer discography">
Mylène Farmer discography

The discography of Mylène Farmer, a French pop singer-songwriter, consists of nine studio albums, four compilation albums two of which are remixes ones, six live albums, fifty six singles and eleven music video albums. Throughout her singing career, Farmer has broken several records in terms of chart performance and sales in France, and has also had success in Francophone Belgium, Switzerland and Eastern Europe. As of 2010, she has sold over 30 million records.
Her debut album, "Cendres de lune", was first released in April 1986. It was re-issued in 1987, and has sold approximately 700,000 copies. It peaked at No.10 in France, and contained the singles "Libertine" (Farmer's first chart hit), and "Tristana".
In April 1988, Farmer released her second album, "Ainsi soit je...", was even more successful. It reached the top of the French album chart and contained Farmer's first No.1 single, "Pourvu qu'elles soient douces", as well as three more Top 20 hits on the SNEP chart. The album has sold approximately 1.8 million units to date. This was followed by Farmer's first live album and video, "En Concert", which was released in 1989 and became a Top 10 hit.
Farmer's third studio album, "L'Autre...", was released on 9 April 1991, led by Farmer's best-selling single, "Désenchantée", which topped the French singles chart for nine weeks and also charted in various countries outside France. The album spawned three other Top 10 hits, "Regrets", "Je t'aime mélancolie", and "Beyond My Control". With twenty weeks atop of the French chart and approximately 2 million copies sold, "L'Autre..." is Farmer's most successful album to date and is the second biggest selling album in France by a female artist. 
Farmer's fourth studio album, "Anamorphosée", was released on 17 October 1995, and included the number-one hit "XXL" and the top ten singles "L'Instant X", "California" and "Rêver". The album was also a No.1 and has sold approximately 1.3 million copies. To promote the album, Farmer embarked on a tour in 1996, which was recorded and released as the live album and video/DVD "Live à Bercy" - which also reached No.1 and achieved the feat of becoming the best-selling live album of all time in France. Farmer's fifth studio album, "Innamoramento", was released on 7 April 1999. Although it narrowly missed reaching the top spot (stalling at No.2) it has sold over 1.3 million copies and achieved diamond status, as had Farmer's previous three studio albums, making her the singer with the most number of diamond albums in France. The album provided five top ten hits, including "L'Âme-stram-gram", "Souviens-toi du jour" and the title track - all of which made the Top 5. Her next live album, "Mylenium Tour", was released in 2000 and was also a success, topping the chart and has sold 650,000 copies. 
On 26 November 2001, Farmer released her first "greatest hits" compilation album entitled "Les Mots". It became the best selling compilation album of all time in France with approximately 1.5 million copies sold. The album also contained some new material including the songs "Les Mots" (a duet with the British singer Seal) and "C'est une belle journée", both of which became Top Five hits.
Farmer's sixth and seventh studio albums, "Avant que l'ombre..." and "Point de suture" were released respectively on 4 April 2005 and on 25 August 2008. They both won the NRJ Music Awards in the category "Francophone album of the year", and each has sold in excess of half a million copies. "Point de suture" gave Farmer five number-one singles. In addition, the two DVD of Farmer's 2006 and 2009 tours, "Avant que l'ombre... à Bercy" and "N°5 on Tour", had huge sales in their first weeks of release; for example, the first one is the best-selling musical DVD of all time in France, with over 500,000 sales.
Farmer's eighth studio album, "Bleu Noir", was released in 2010, and in its first week of release achieved a record number of downloads on the French digital chart. The lead single of the album, "Oui mais... non", topping the French singles chart for three weeks. The next two singles, "Bleu Noir" and "Lonely Lisa", also reached number one. 
In November 2012, Farmer released her ninth studio album, "Monkey Me", which started at number one on the French chart, selling a then record of over 147,000 units. The album was certified diamond by the SNEP and spawned three singles: "À l'ombre", which reached number one, "Je te dis tout" and "Monkey Me", which both peaked at number three. 
, Farmer holds the record for the most No.1 singles (13) and for the most top ten hits (45) in France.

</doc>
<doc id="9843567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843567" title="Francesco Lamperti">
Francesco Lamperti

Francesco Lamperti (11 March 1811 or 1813 - 1 May 1892) was an Italian singing teacher.
A native of Savona, Lamperti attended the Milan Conservatory where, beginning in 1850, he taught for a quarter of a century. He was director at the Teatro Filodrammatico in Lodi. In 1875 he left the school and began to teach as a private tutor. Among his pupils were Sophie Cruvelli, Emma Albani, Gottardo Aldighieri, Désirée Artôt, Sona Aslanova, David Bispham, Italo Campanini, Virgilio Collini, Franz Ferenczy, Friederike Grün, Teresa Stolz, Marie van Zandt, Maria Waldmann, Herbert Witherspoon, and Lizzie Graham. His methods were very similar to older Italian methods, and he wrote a number of treatises on the subject.
Lamperti was created a Commander of the Crown of Italy for his services to music. He died in Como in 1892.
His son Giovanni Battista Lamperti (1839–1910) was also a well-known voice teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="9843573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843573" title="Hypoxis hemerocallidea">
Hypoxis hemerocallidea

Hypoxis hemerocallidea (African star grass, African potato) is a medicinal plant native to South Africa in the Hypoxidaceae family. This plant is the best known member of this genus.
Medicinal uses.
Limited evidence from two clinical trials suggests that "Hypoxis" is efficacious in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. However, "Hypoxis" alters the activity of cytochrome p450, suggesting that it may interfere with the effectiveness of other drugs or supplements, such as antiretrovirals.

</doc>
<doc id="9843586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843586" title="KXEW">
KXEW

KXEW is a commercial radio station located in South Tucson, Arizona, broadcasting to the Tucson, Arizona, area on 1600 AM. KXEW airs a tejano music format branded as "Radio Tejano". The station is currently owned by Clear Channel Communications.
KXEW first signed on for broadcasting on May 10, 1963, operating local sunrise to sunset with a directional array at 1600 Kc with 1 KW of power. The call letters were inspired by those of Mexico City's giant AM station XEW. The station was owned and operated by Pan American Radio Corporation; J. Carlos McCormick was its president, CEO and majority shareholder. 
The totally Spanish-language format featured traditional Mexican, Latin American and Spanish recorded music, with hourly newscasts and sports and social commentary segments throughout the day. The style of programming was an adaptation of "Color Radio" that had been borrowed from its innovator, former Tucson disk jockey, Chuck Blore. Oscar Humberto Stevens, Sr. was the first station manager, and Lorenzo Palma Cárdenas was the first program director. The directional antenna array was designed by and the station's studio, transmitter and phaser equipment installed by Oscar Leon Cuellar, who later became Arizona's first registered professional engineer with a broadcasting and communication specialization.
The station was nicknamed Radio Fiesta. During its first years of operation some of the radio personalities who served on its staff were Alfonso Gárfias, Chato López Quintana, Tony Castro Miranda, Arnulfo "Fito" Palma Cárdenas, Ernesto Portillo Villalobos, Enrique Villegas Grácia and Manuel Palma Parra. Oscar Stevens, Carlos McCormick, Ernesto Portillo, Lorenzo Palma, Tony Castro and Enrique Villegas had formerly worked at KEVT, Tucson's first all Spanish-language station. KXEW was the first Arizona commercial radio station license granted to a corporation/person controlled and managed by an applicant of Mexican ancestry. KXEW was sold in 1968 to a group headed the entertainer, Harry Belafonte. It continued under the management of Ernesto Portillo.

</doc>
<doc id="9843614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843614" title="Ferndale, Oregon">
Ferndale, Oregon

Ferndale is an unincorporated community in Umatilla County, Oregon, United States. It is located near the Oregon-Washington border east of Oregon Route 339 and west of Oregon Route 11 about four miles north of Milton-Freewater.
Ferndale was once a station on the Walla Walla Valley Railway (WWVR), which served the local fruit orchards, and the site of a fruit packing warehouse. The next station south on the line was at Sunnyside. Ferndale Elementary School is part of the Milton-Freewater Unified School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9843618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843618" title="Kevin Kiley">
Kevin Kiley

Kevin Kiley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9843631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843631" title="Eleftheriou Venizelou Street">
Eleftheriou Venizelou Street

Eleftheriou Venizelou Street () is a street in the south-central part of Patras, Greece. It was named after Greek prime minister Eleftherios Venizelos. It runs from the coastal boulevard Akti Dymaion east to Pontiou Ellinismou Square. 

</doc>
<doc id="9843647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843647" title="Holburn baronets">
Holburn baronets

The Holburn Baronetcy, of Menstrie in the County of Clackmannan, was a title in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia. It was created on 21 June 1706 for James Holburn. He was the son of Major-General Sir James Holborne of Menstrie. The third Baronet was a Captain in the Royal Navy. The fifth Baronet was founder of the Holburne Museum of Art, Bath, Somerset. On his death in 1874 the baronetcy became either extinct or dormant.
The family seat was Menstrie Castle, Menstrie, Clackmannanshire.

</doc>
<doc id="9843655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843655" title="Twilight language">
Twilight language

Twilight language may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9843678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843678" title="Golden shiner virus">
Golden shiner virus

The golden shiner virus is an aquatic virus that infects a bait fish known as the golden shiner and to a lesser extent, aquatic animals like crustaceans and molluscs. About 6 virus species have been identified in this genus since the late 1970s. It causes death through a hemorrhagic shock. Symptoms include bleeding from the back eyes and the head. The virus is 70 nm in diameter and replicates best at 20-30 degrees Celsius. The virus has properties similar to those of the pancreatic necrosis virus. This could mean that golden shiners are more susceptible in the summer.
Virus genome.
The genome is packed into the virus core and is encased in a double layered icosahedral capsid that is similar to the orthoreovirus capsid. This genome has 11 segments like the rotaviruses. Each genome has a 5' end motif of (GUUAUU) and (UUCAUC) motif at the 3' end. There are 11 open reading frames. Segments 1-3 encode viral proteins (VP)1-3, segments 4,7,8,9 and 11 code for non-structural proteins, segments 6 and 10 are for coding outer-capsid proteins. Lastly, segment 5 encodes an enzyme protein NTPase.

</doc>
<doc id="9843684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843684" title="Packington (disambiguation)">
Packington (disambiguation)

Packington is a village and civil parish in Leicestershire, England.
Packington may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9843737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843737" title="Niningerite">
Niningerite

Niningerite is a magnesium-iron-manganese sulfide mineral with the chemical formula MnS that is found in enstatite chondrite meteorites. Niningerite is the magnesium-dominant analog of keilite. This mineral is named after Harvey H. Nininger.

</doc>
<doc id="9843740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843740" title="Heuchera americana">
Heuchera americana

Heuchera americana, or Alumroot, is a small (under 2 ft. high and wide) evergreen perennial native to Central U.S. Lobed semi-palmate green, purple, or brown leaves are often veined or marbled. Loose racemes of insignificant green to cream flowers are born on 3' stalks in early summer.
Characteristics.
This species has become popular with horticulturists and home-gardeners. It is usually grown for its unique foliage. New varieties are introduced regularly.

</doc>
<doc id="9843744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843744" title="Substantivism">
Substantivism

Substantivism is a position, first proposed by Karl Polanyi in his work "The Great Transformation", which argues that the term 'economics' has two meanings. The formal meaning, used by today's neoclassical economists, refers to economics as the logic of rational action and decision-making, as rational choice between the alternative uses of limited (scarce) means, as 'economising,' 'maximizing,' or 'optimizing.' 
The second, substantive meaning presupposes neither rational decision-making nor conditions of scarcity. It refers to how humans make a living interacting within their social and natural environments. A society's livelihood strategy is seen as an adaptation to its environment and material conditions, a process which may or may not involve utility maximisation. The substantive meaning of 'economics' is seen in the broader sense of 'provisioning.' Economics is the way society meets material needs.

</doc>
<doc id="9843747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843747" title="United States Naval Computing Machine Laboratory">
United States Naval Computing Machine Laboratory

The United States Naval Computing Machine Laboratory was a highly secret design and manufacturing site for code-breaking machinery located in Building 26 of the National Cash Register (NCR) company in Dayton, Ohio and operated by the United States Navy during World War II. It is now on the List of IEEE Milestones, and one of its machines is on display at the National Cryptologic Museum.
The laboratory was established in 1942 by the Navy and National Cash Register Company to design and manufacture a series of code-breaking machines ("bombes") targeting German Enigma machines, based on earlier work by the British at Bletchley Park (which in turn owed something to pre-war Polish cryptanalytical work). Joseph Desch led the effort. Preliminary designs, approved in September 1942, called for a fully electronic machine to be delivered by year's end. However, these plans were soon judged infeasible, and revised plans were approved in January 1943 for an electromechanical machine, which became the US Navy bombe.
These designs were proceeding in parallel with, and influenced by, British attempts to build a high-speed bombe for the German 4-rotor Enigma. Indeed, Alan Turing visited Dayton in December 1942. His reaction was far from enthusiastic:
The American approach was, however, successful. The first two experimental bombes went into operation in May 1943, running in Dayton so they could be observed by their engineers. Designs for production models were completed in April, 1943, with initial operation starting in early June.
All told, the laboratory constructed 121 bombes which were then employed for code-breaking in the US Navy's signals intelligence and cryptanalysis group OP-20-G in Washington, D.C.. Construction was accomplished in three shifts per day by some 600 WAVES (Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service), 100 Navy officers and enlisted men, and a large civilian workforce. Approximately 3,000 workers operated the bombes to produce "Ultra" decryptions of German Enigma traffic.
According to a contemporary US Navy report (dated April 1944), the bombes were used on naval jobs until all daily keys had been run; then the machines were used for non-naval tasks. During the previous six months, about 45% of the bombe time had been devoted to non-naval problems carried out at the request of the British. British production and reliability problems with their own high-speed bombes had then recently led to construction of 50 additional Navy units for Army and Air Force keys.
Building.
The building in Dayton, called Building 26 (Dayton) was an Art Deco design of Dayton firm Schenck & Williams and was located at Patterson Road and Stewart Street. The building was destroyed by the University of Dayton in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="9843753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843753" title="Fall Martin">
Fall Martin

Fall Martin ("Case Martin") was a plan created by Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt in late 1944 during World War II. The plan envisaged a two-pronged attack aimed at the Allied forces in eastern Belgium and Luxembourg.
Von Rundstedt created "Martin" as a less-ambitious alternative to "Wacht am Rhein", Adolf Hitler's plan to seize Antwerp and bottle up all Allied forces in Belgium and the Netherlands. Field Marshal Walter Model commanding Army Group B had devised a similar plan, Operation "Herbstnebel", and he and Rundstedt combined their plans to present a joint "small solution" to Hitler. It was rejected, and the "big solution" went ahead, leading to the Battle of the Bulge.

</doc>
<doc id="9843759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843759" title="The Continent Makers">
The Continent Makers

The Continent Makers is a science fiction novella written by L. Sprague de Camp, a story in his "Viagens Interplanetarias" series. It was first published in the magazine "Thrilling Wonder Stories" in the issue for April, 1951. It first appeared in book form in the collection "The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens", published in hardcover by Twayne Publishers in 1953, and in paperback by Signet Books in 1971. It has also been translated into Portuguese, Dutch, and Italian.
Plot summary.
Geophysicist Gordon Graham is a participant in the Gamanovia Project, whose mission is to increase the land area of the overpopulated twenty-second century Earth by creating new continents through the manipulation of geological forces. The project's initial goal is to raise a new land mass to be called Gamanovia around the existing Ascension Island in the South Atlantic. The name of the proposed new continent was chosen to honor fifteenth century Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama, the first European to navigate the region's waters, and for João da Nova, who discovered Ascension Island a few years later.
A sinister group concealing itself under the mask of the bogus Churchillian Society, supposedly dedicated to proving that the works of twentieth-century dramatist George Bernard Shaw were actually written by Winston Churchill, is attempting to discover the secrets of the project. The Churchillian Society's "cover" purpose is a spoof on the present-day body of thought similarly dismissing William Shakespeare's authorship of the Shakespeare plays on the grounds that he, as a commoner, could not possibly have written great literature.
When Graham becomes involved with Jeru-Bhetiru, an alien woman from the country of Katai-Jhogorai on the planet Krishna, the society attempts to blackmail him into serving them by kidnapping and threatening to kill her. Instead, Graham allies himself with World Federation constable Reinhold Sklar and Jeru's fiance Varnipaz bad-Savarun, a diplomat from the Krishnan kingdom of Sotaspe, to thwart the plotters.
The enemy is gradually revealed as a rogue band of Thothians from the Procyonic star system, hoping to seize the new continent by claiming Ascension, which currently lacks any sovereign government. Graham and his cohorts find themselves in a tight race against time, in which the labyrinthine bureaucracies of the future Earth prove almost as much an impediment as the enemy, and the hypnotic powers of the reptilian alien Osirians bring about treachery within their own ranks.
An added problem for Graham is that the rescue of Jeru will gain nothing for him personally, but rather benefit only his rival Varnipaz; though Graham and Jeru love each other, people in her country wed on the basis of interest and advantage, considering love to have nothing to do with marriage.
Setting.
"The Continent Makers" is set on a future Earth governed by a World Federation in which Brazil has become the paramount great power, with Terran space travel monopolized by a Brazilian-dominated agency called the "Viagens Interplanetarias" ("Interplanetary Tours" in Portuguese). Interstellar travel is between the Solar System and nearby stellar systems is common, though limited to sub-light speeds, as the author eschews such common science fiction gimmicks as hyperdrives. Most reachable systems have life-bearing planets inhabited by alien races; an Interplanetary Council regulates relations between the various civilizations. Terrans and the reptilian natives of the planet Osiris are the main spacefaring peoples.
As dated in "The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens" and the 1959 version of de Camp's essay "The Krishna Stories," the action of "The Continent Makers" takes place in the year 2153 AD., placing it after "The Colorful Character", and making it the third "Viagens" story set on Earth in terms of chronology.
Reception.
Reviewing "The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens", Boucher and McComas faulted the stories as "pretty routine work unworthy of L. Sprague de Camp."

</doc>
<doc id="9843769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843769" title="Cornelio Sommaruga">
Cornelio Sommaruga

Cornelio Sommaruga (born December 29, 1932 in Rome) is a prominent Swiss humanitarian, lawyer and diplomat who is best known for being President of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) from 1987 to 1999. Today, he chairs the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD) in Geneva. He is also active on a number of boards, such as the International Union Against Cancer. Currently he is Chair of the Board of Directors of the Foundation For the Future, an organization dedicated to promoting human rights in the Middle East and North Africa, and the honorary President of Initiatives of Change International, a global organization dedicated to "building trust across the world's divides" of culture, nationality, belief, and background.
Background.
Early years and education.
Cornelio Sommaruga was born in Rome, Italy, where his father had a professional activity as a commercial lawyer and was stationed during WWII at the Swiss embassy responsible for foreign interests. In fact, he spoke Italian long before he learned German. He was brought up by Catholic parents and remained a devout Christian throughout his life. He was profoundly influenced by his early years in Rome. The period in which his father represented Liberia at the Vatican probably inspired him the most in terms of his long diplomatic and humanitarian career. Despite his connection to Rome, he has close ties with Ticino, his family's canton of origin.
He went to grammar and high school in Italy and attended university in Zurich, Switzerland, where he obtained a doctorate in law in 1957. It was only during this period that he learned German, one of the four national languages of Switzerland.
Professional career.
Cornelio Sommaruga entered the Swiss diplomatic corps after working two years in the banking sector from 1957 to 1959. He served as a diplomat in The Hague, Rome, Geneva and Bern. From 1968 to 1973, he was the deputy of the Swiss delegation to the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) and the senior representative to United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) and the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UN/ECE), where he further developed his diplomatic and negotiating skills. From 1973 to 1975, he served as the deputy to the Secretary General of EFTA in Geneva. From there, he returned to Bern where he held senior posts at the Office of Foreign Affairs of the Swiss government, i.a. as Ambassador, Delegate for Trade Agreements. From 1984 to 1987, he was Undersecretary of State at the Office of Foreign Economic Affairs, a job he left when he was nominated to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) in 1986.
Cornelio Sommaruga served as President of the ICRC from 1987 to 1999, succeeding Alexandre Hay. During his tenure, the budget and the international activities of the Committee increased considerably. He maintained the neutrality of the ICRC while keeping close ties to all governments of States signatories of the Geneva conventions. One of his initiatives was to propose in 1992 the introduction of an additional symbol representing the Red Cross movement, alongside with the Red Cross and Red Crescent, which would be "devoid of any national, religious or political connotation would be available to States and National Societies unable to adopt either of the existing emblems". After 15 years of negotiations this emblem was finally made official as the Red Crystal at the 29th International Conference of the Red Cross and Red Crescent in Geneva on 20 and 21 June 2006."
Sommaruga was the founding President in April, 2002 of Initiatives of Change International [http://www.iofc.org/iofc-international-governance], a voluntary association of independent national legal bodies of Initiatives of Change (IofC). As head of this international movement working to build bridges of trust across the world's divides, he was able to support peace and reconciliation initiatives in Africa's Great Lakes region and in Sierra Leone. He continues to serve on a number of charitable and corporate boards.
Controversy.
Israel refused to cooperate with a team appointed by United Nations General Secretary Kofi Annan in 2002 to investigate allegations of a massacre in Jenin, partly because Cornelio Sommaruga was personally unacceptable to the Israeli government, due to allegations that he had made a remark comparing the possibility of ICRC official recognition of the Red Star of David emblem (Magen David Adom, see Emblems of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement) to recognition of a "Red Swastika".
Family life.
Cornelio Sommaruga married Ornella Marzorati in 1957 and they have six children. Despite an intense political and management career, Cornelio Sommaruga maintained strong family ties. Family gatherings were extremely meaningful to him in his early years, and as a result, Dr. Sommaruga has promoted strong family social values among his family just as in the institutions with which he worked. He and his family have preserved the ritual of annual family reunions at the same time each year, gathering their children and 16 grandchildren.
Awards.
+ seven Honorary Doctorates

</doc>
<doc id="9843825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843825" title="Star lily">
Star lily

Star lily or starlily is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9843827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843827" title="Newsbreak (magazine)">
Newsbreak (magazine)

Newsbreak is an online news and current affairs magazine published in the Philippines. It began publication as a weekly paper magazine on January 24, 2001 and converted to its current format in 2006. Newsbreak is now part of the Rappler service.
"Newsbreak" has published stories covering various issues that concern Congress, the presidency, security sector, judiciary, the media, local governments, elections, business and the economy. The magazine is most notable as a watchdog, having published award-winning investigative reports on social ills and corruption. Newsbreak's writers have consistently been nominated for the Ongpin awards since its inception.
Since its migration to online publication, "Newsbreak" has come out with various special editions covering topics such as the 2007 Philippine Elections, the scandal-laden Ninoy Aquino International Airport Terminal 3, and Corporate Social Responsibility, to name a few (see links below). It is currently a partner of the media corporation, ABS-CBN, where they manage the website of its news and current affairs division, abs-cbnNEWS.com.
Awards.
"Newsbreak", on June 26, 2008 received the top awards in the 19th Jaime V. Ongpin Awards for Excellence in Journalism, the most prestigious award for journalism in the Philippines. It's Glenda Gloria's "Trapped in a Web of Lives" and Roel Landingin's "The Battle for Manila's Gateway," both published in Newsbreak magazine, won the top prizes. The Canadian Embassy gave the Marshall McLuhan Prize to Gloria for Newsbreak. Her prize included a study tour of Canada. The Australian Embassy bestowed the Australian Ambassador's Award, a travel grant, to Newsbreak's Landingin.
"Newsbreak" also won the Jaime V. Ongpin Award in 2001 for its investigative reporting on the unexplained wealth of Makati City mayor Jejomar Binay. The piece was written by its current Assistant Managing Editor, Miriam Grace Go. In 2007, Newsbreak's Carmela Fonbuena won the JVO Award for Explanatory Writing Category for her article "Seeing Red." Aries Rufo also gained recognition from the same award-giving body in 2004 for his work, "Sins of the Father."
Ms. Go and Mr. Rufo placed third in the Asian Development Bank in its Developing Asia Journalism Awards, which was held in Tokyo back in 2004.
Recognition.
Newsbreak's editor-in-chief, Marites Dañguilan-Vitug, was named number forty-five in the Eurasia Group Global Leaders 50 of 2006. Ethical Corporation also gave recognition to Newsbreak's Business Editor, Lala Rimando, as one of the 15 leaders who made a difference in 2007, sharing the limelight with the likes of former US President Bill Clinton and former US Vice President Al Gore.
In its review of the magazine, "The New York Times" characterized "Newsbreak" as a publication that challenges taboos. Likewise, Foreign Policy described "Newsbreak" as "comprehensive…and helps place the ordinary lives of Mindanao’s people in a political context." 

</doc>
<doc id="9843871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843871" title="KFFN">
KFFN

KFFN (1490 AM) is a commercial radio station located in Tucson, Arizona. KFFN airs all sports programming syndicated by ESPN Radio. The station originates a local sports program, "Happy Hour with Jody Oehler".
History.
The broadcast frequency 1490AM in Tucson Arizona began in 1949 as KTKT, owned and operated by Thomas J. Wallace Sr, Tom Breneman Sr. and Art Linkletter (the two “T’s” were for the two Toms). Having departed from NBC’s Chicago radio studios for Los Angeles and the newly blooming television industry, they formed a limited partnership in this sideline investment. 
Mr. Brenemen was to be the station manager leaving Mr. Wallace and Mr. Linkletter as silent investors. After Mr. Brenemens’ untimely death Mr. Wallace moved to Tucson from Los Angeles to run the station. 
Mr. Wallace was born and raised in Bisbee Arizona and graduated from the University of Arizona in Tucson. At the close of World War two Mr. Wallace’s sons joined him in operating the station.
Tom Wallace Sr. started his radio career with NBC in Chicago where he was Uncle Walter in the 1940s radio classic 'Uncle Walter's Dog House". He went on to produce other classic radio shows including ‘Blind Date’ with Arlene Francis, ‘Kukla, Fran, and Ollie” with Fran Allison, and The Red Skelton Show.
In December 1949, Tucson heard its fifth station, KTKT (at AM 1490). Because all the existing networks were taken, KTKT became an independent, and its programming was mostly music. 
For a short time they were an affiliate of the short-lived Liberty Broadcasting System formed around the play-by-play sportscasts of "The Old Scotsman" Gordon McLendon.
With the advent of TV a few years later KTKT was positioned to provide the growing music and news service which still characterizes radio. Wallace built his station on Elm, just west of Miracle Mile, in two war surplus military buildings which were moved onto the site. 
In the early 1950s Chuck Blore (spelled Blower then) became one of Tucson's most popular personalities on KTKT, with his six-hour afternoon program called, "Let's Play Records." Blore was a very creative radio personality, and went on to become one of radio's top programmers, starting Los Angeles' first "Top 40" station, the legendary KFWB in 1958. He later owned one of the top commercial production companies in Hollywood.
KTKT was doing well, but by the mid-1950s Tom Wallace Sr. thought they could do better and, like KCNA, reach more Southern Arizona listeners. They filed to move to 990 on the AM dial, with 10,000 watts of power and a directional antenna system, operating only from sunrise to sunset. Engineers Nat Talpis and Tom Wallace Jr. supervised construction of two towers, located off West Grant Road where the present KTKT/KLPX studios are located. 
By 1956 the Wallace family had moved KTKT to 990 AM where it was nicknamed "Color Channel 99". TV was the rage in the early 1960s. KTKT was a family run station at that time. Tom Sr was the boss, Tom Jr. handled all of the engineering challenges, and George did everything else. Both Tom Sr. and Tom Jr. had daily radio shows in the beginning.
Soon the Wallace’s added Tucson's first FM station, KTKT-FM (at 99.5 FM) Tom Wallace Sr. put the station on the air because classical music was not being heard in Tucson, and he hired Jack Frakes, the Rincon High School drama teacher as his first announcer and classical music programmer.
In 1959 KTKT AM and FM (which changed to KFMM -"FM on the Mountain" - in 1958, to commemorate a move to Mt. Bigelow that was never made), combined on Sundays to demonstrate something new; stereophonic sound. 
Before multiplex stereo as we know it today the only way radio could transmit two simultaneous channels of sound was to put one channel on the AM station and the other channel simultaneously on the FM, which resulted in the audience having to have two radios to hear it. The first stereo program in Tucson was on KTKT and KTKT-FM from 2 to 3 PM Sundays, played from the FM studio.
In an effort to build ratings and listenership, Wallace hired a young disc jockey from a small El Paso radio station to do on air work and the programming. A legend was born. The energetic Frank Kalil programmed the new "rock and roll" "Color Radio" "Top 40" style music and news format which quickly moved daytime-only KTKT into Tucson's number one spot where it remained into the early 1980s. 
The Color Channel 99 bumper sticker was notorious, 'Don't honk, listening to KTKT Color Channel 99'
After hiring on air talent Frankie Kalil in 1956, KTKT was by far the number one radio station in Tucson and Southern Arizona. From 1956 to 1966 Frankie Kalil was the voice of Tucson Radio. 
Kalil, using his moniker “The Old Arab” never ceased to amaze Tucson audiences with his antics including the acquisition of a camel. He also masterminded Tucson’s first Rock concert at Catalina High School. 
In 1960 the Wallace’s sold KTKT to the Leland Bisbee group, and a new manager, Phil Richardson, took over and led the station to full-time operation with l,000 watts at night, and financially the station began to prosper. The FM was purchased by KTUC's owner, Lee Little.
In 1956 within minutes after KTKT signed off 1490, KAIR signed on and continued playing the music/news programming which the audience was used to hearing.
Hal Peary, known to network radio audiences as the "Great Gildersleeve" was one of the first KAIR owners, and he taped voice tracks for a daily program in Hollywood which was mailed to Tucson for broadcast (voice tracking isn't a new idea!).
In 1955 Thomas J. Wallace Jr. left KTKT and Tucson, moving to Los Angeles County to sell radio broadcasting equipment for Gates Electronics. 
He managed a few Radio Stations in California including KNEZ in Lompoc where he hired on air talent Tom Breneman Jr, the son of KTKT ownership partner Tom Brenemen Sr.
By 1959 KAIR ownership changed hands to Freddie and Josephine Mays. The station was struggling with a contemporary format and many business issues.
With the air time sales staff spending the majority of their time in a local bar, it was difficult at best to pay the bills and keep the station on the air. Mid way through 1961 the crew and management walked out in what they perceived as a labor dispute.
Thomas J. Wallace Jr. returned to Tucson to manage KAIR 1490 AM, the very frequency where KTKT got its start. Following in his fathers shoes he served as Station Manager, Salesman, Engineer, and on air talent. Reducing the staff to minimum levels the station survived its brush with non existence and began to recoup an audience.
The new slogan was; 'KAIR, in the air, over Tucson. The on air tag line was “I pledge prayer for KAIR, daily”. The very up scale studios were located on the second floor above the business offices at the Ramada Inn. 
From 1961 to 1966 the programming was a Christian format that included the teaching of Donald Grey Barnhouse, J Vernon McGee, A.A. Alan, Dr. Clyde M. Narramore, Dr. Dennis Dehan, and many others.
In 1965 Tucson's first audience participation radio talk show, 'A Joyful Noise’ was heard on KAIR. Moderated by station manager Thomas J. Wallace Jr. it was also broadcast on local television Channel 11, on Sunday afternoons. The show was public opinion from a Biblical point of view and Christian education.
By the end of 1965, with no lasting appreciable growth in listenership or programming development over the four years the new format had been in effect, the station began to struggle. The owners, Freddie and Josephine Mays, were forced to cut their losses and sell the station.
By August 1966 KAIR was sold to Frankie Kalil at Kalil & Co. Once again Frankie Kalil worked his radio magic and rolled out an easy listening winner for the next fifteen years. 
KAIR in the late 1960s had a beautiful music format 'Drive with KAIR, Everywhere' was the new slogan, and it was top-rated in the Tucson market until FM listening became more common. 
In 1985 the format was dropped and the calls became KJYK to match the FM's calls for a station owned by the same company at the time.
In the early 1990s, this was KJYK, a hip-hop music station patterned after KDAY in Los Angeles.
After that there was a short-lived alternative format using the calls KNND 'The End'. The format was short-lived and the end of that station soon arrived. It was at that time that the current KFFN 'The Fan' calls were adopted, and the station became an ESPN affiliate.
On March 17, 2011 KFFN began simulcasting on FM translator K285DL 104.9 FM Tucson, AZ.
KFFN is also an affiliate of the Arizona Diamondbacks.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="9843891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843891" title="Lyman–Werner photons">
Lyman–Werner photons

A Lyman-Werner photon is an ultraviolet photon with an energy in the range of 11.2 to 13.6 eV, corresponding to the energy range in which the Lyman and Werner absorption bands of molecular hydrogen (Hformula_1) are found. A photon in this energy range with a frequency that coincides with that of one of the lines in the Lyman or Werner bands can be absorbed by Hformula_1, placing the molecule in an excited electronic state. Radiative decay from this excited state occurs rapidly, with roughly 15% of these decays occurring into the vibrational continuum of the molecule, resulting in its dissociation. This two-step photodissociation process, known as the Solomon process, is one of the main mechanisms by which molecular hydrogen is destroyed in the interstellar medium.

</doc>
<doc id="9843913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843913" title="Manchester, Dorset and Granville Railroad">
Manchester, Dorset and Granville Railroad

The Manchester, Dorset and Granville Railroad was an intrastate railroad in southwestern Vermont. It ran from Manchester, Vermont to Dorset, Vermont, a distance of approximately 5 miles.
History.
The company was incorporated as a common carrier in 1902 as a subsidiary of the Norcross-West Marble Company, which had a contract to supply materials for the New York Public Library. The line was built in 1903 from a connection to the Rutland Railroad near the depot in Manchester north to a quarry in the southern part of the town of Dorset. The line was never completed to the main village in Dorset, nor was it completed beyond Dorset to Granville, New York. It primarily moved marble from the quarry to a finishing plant in Manchester, though passenger service was provided as well. Traffic on the line stopped in 1918, but was revived briefly in 1924 and 1925. The rails were removed in 1934.
A nickname the locals have given it is ""The Mud, Dirt and Gravel Line."" Link label

</doc>
<doc id="9843951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843951" title="Chajarí">
Chajarí

Chajarí is a city in the northeast of the province of Entre Ríos, Argentina. It has 45.000 inhabitants per the , and it is the largest city in the Federación Department. It lies on Provincial Route 2, about 2 km east of the intersection with National Route 14 and west of the Salto Grande reservoir on the Uruguay River, 330 km from the provincial capital Paraná.
The settlement of Chajarí was populated after joint efforts of the provincial and national governments to encourage colonization. The original town, called Villa Libertad, was founded on 28 May 1872; colonists began arriving in 1876 from several regions of Europe. The municipal government was established in 1889, and in 1934 the town changed its name to match that of its railway station, Chajarí.
Chajarí has hot springs, like many other towns and cities in the east of Entre Ríos, and in September 2001 it opened facilities for visitors interested in the therapeutic properties of its waters. It also has a camping site by the artificial Salto Grande lake, 15–20 km from the city proper, which can be used for fishing and water sports.

</doc>
<doc id="9843977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843977" title="Westfield House">
Westfield House

Westfield House is the house of theological studies of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of England (ELCE). 
Located in Cambridge, England, Westfield House serves as the seminary of the ELCE, as well as a house of studies for theology students from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="9843978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843978" title="Notcutts">
Notcutts

Notcutts Garden Centres Ltd. is a private limited company. The family-owned group operate 18 individual garden centres across England, 12 in the south east and 6 in the north west formerly part of the NWF Group. Notcutts also owns one of the UK's largest specialist ericaceous nurseries - Waterers - and rose specialists, Mattocks.
Notcutts was founded, in Woodbridge, Suffolk, in 1897 and remains a family owned business. Their first retail garden centre was set up at Woodbridge. Products of Notcutts range from plants to furniture. Most Notcutts stores across England include departments such as Furniture, Planteria, Indoor Plants, Pets and Restaurant area. The Notcutts store also have an indoor shop which sells household products and other gifts.
History.
Horticulture on the Woodbridge site dates back to 1749, when Thomas Wood purchased the land and started Woods Nursery and remained in the family for almost 150 years, principally supplying fruit and forestry trees to large country estates and town houses. Ownership eventually came to John Wood who died without succession in 1897 and the nursery was put up for auction. The nursery was bought by Roger Crompton Notcutt, who had outgrown his first nursery site on Broughton Road, Ipswich.
Notcutts exhibited at Horticultural Shows including RHS Chelsea, Hampton Court, Gardeners World Shows and the Suffolk County Show until 2008. At Chelsea the company won 50 Gold medals.
In August 2007, 110 years after purchasing the nursery business from the estate of John Woods, the Notcutt family decided to sell the business to the management team of the nursery. Notcutts Cambridge was sold to Scotsdales Garden Centre in October 2013. Notcutts acquired Garden Pride Garden Centre in Ditchling in December 2013. In April 2014 the Bagshot centre was closed for redevelopment.

</doc>
<doc id="9843983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9843983" title="The Great American Dream Vote">
The Great American Dream Vote

The Great American Dream Vote is a reality television series hosted by Donny Osmond. It premiered on March 28, 2007 on ABC with a preview on March 27, 2007. The show featured contestants who wanted their dream to come true. The studio audience would pick the two finalists; those at home would select the winner via Internet voting. Despite the premiere's "Dancing with the Stars" lead-in, it only drew a less than 2.0 rating among audiences 18-49. ABC cancelled the show on March 29. The only known winner of the show was Russ Jowell, whose dream was to have a full head of hair.

</doc>
<doc id="9844017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844017" title="South Park (season 11)">
South Park (season 11)

The eleventh season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 7, 2007. The 11th season concluded after 14 episodes on November 14, 2007. This is the first season to have uncensored episodes available for DVD release. This is also the season featuring the three-part, Emmy Award-winning episode "Imaginationland" (which was released separately on DVD with scenes not shown in the televised version before being packaged with the rest of the season 11 episodes as part of the complete season DVD).
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="9844038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844038" title="Abu Ghraib District">
Abu Ghraib District

Abu-Ghraib is a district in Al Anbar Governorate, Iraq. Its hub is the city of Abu Ghraib. The population of the district was 189,000 as of 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9844043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844043" title="Crayon (band)">
Crayon (band)

Crayon was an indiepop band from Washington State featuring Brad Roberts (guitar/vocals), Sean Tollefson (bass/vocals) and Jeff Fell (drums).
History.
Crayon formed in 1990 in Bellingham, Washington, which is about 60 miles north of Seattle. A bit more punk than twee, Crayon were obviously influenced by bands like Beat Happening and The Modern Lovers. Their sound was a cross between the Seattle based grunge and twee. Many considered their unique style, combining heavily distorted guitar with strong indiepop elements to be the missing link between UK twee bands like The Pastels and American indie bands like Tsunami and the more abrasive Unwound. Some dubbed this new style of music “love rock," while others referred to it as “cuddlecore” due to the coy nature of their songs. 
In the four years they were together, Crayon released a handful of 7" singles and one full length album on Harriet Records. They played a fair amount of live shows across the United States and shared the stage with a number of diverse bands including: Superchunk, Pavement, Tiger Trap, Built to Spill, The Melvins, Bikini Kill, Karp, Heavens to Betsy, Alan Clapp, Seaweed, Hazel, The Cows, Ed's Redeeming Qualities, Some Velvet Sidewalk, cub, Nothing Painted Blue, The Stinkypuffs, Mecca Normal, Unwound, Southern Culture on the Skids, New Bad Things, Henry's Dress, Smog, Lois, godheadSilo, New Bomb Turks and The Softies. 
Even though the trio only recorded one album and were never commercially successful, some critics have cited Crayon as one of the most influential bands to come out of the sleepy college town of Bellingham, Washington. Roberts left the group in 1994 and Tollefson & Fell went on to form the seminal twee band Tullycraft in 1995.
Discography.
Cassette(s).
1991 "A Cartwheel For A Kiss" (Self Released)
7" Singles.
1991 "Matchbox" 3-song 7" EP (Harriet)<br>
1992 "Moominland" 6-song 7" EP (Harriet)<br>
1992 Crayon / Veronica Lake split 7" (Cher Doll)<br>
1993 "The Snap-Tight Wars" 7" (Harriet)<br>
1993 Crayon / Grover split 7" (Gritty Kitty)<br>
1994 "Phantom Third Channel" split 7" EP (Cher Doll)
Album(s).
1994 "Brick Factory" CD/Cassette (Harriet)
Compilations.
1992 "Knee High Susan" on "The Bellingham Conflagration" (Flaming Cows Head) Cassette<br>
1992 "Secret Goldfish" on "Throw: The Yoyo Studio Compilation" (Yoyo) CD<br>
1992 "All The Stars" on "One Last Kiss" (Spin Art) CD<br>
1993 "Penny Lock" on "Julep" (Yoyo) CD/Vinyl<br>
1993 "Crown" on "North Of Nowhere" (Gritty Kitty/Spam) CD<br>
1993 "Live With It Baby" on "A Love Like Lead" (Lionhead Fountain, Japan) Cassette<br>
1994 "I Could" on "A Day In The Park" (Now Sound) CD/Vinyl<br>
1995 "The Snap-Tight Wars" (live) on "The Basement Tapes Live Recordings At KSPC 1989-1995"<br> 
1996 "Forever Nearly True"(live) on "Yoyo A Go Go" (Yoyo) CD/Vinyl<br>
2001 "The Snap-Tight Wars" on "Songs For Cassavetes" Soundtrack (Better Looking Records) CD

</doc>
<doc id="9844061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844061" title="José Martí Pioneer Organization">
José Martí Pioneer Organization

José Martí Pioneer Organization ( - OPJM), is a Cuban youth organization established in 1961, created as a replacement for the banned Asociación de Scouts de Cuba. The organization gets its name from Cuban writer and national hero José Martí.
Overview.
The José Martí Pioneer Organization groups primary and secondary students, until 9th grade. The initiation takes place with a traditional act of giving a neckerchief, blue or red depending on the student's level; from that moment it forms a part of the scholastic uniform. In high school the neckerchief is replaced by a badge consisting of the bars with colors of the national flag and to the right, Che's signature; the symbol measures approximately 1.5 cm by 10 cm, in some cases is the symbol of the high school, and sewn directly on the white uniform shirt.
The OPJM counts a section of exploration and camping named "Explorers Pioneers Movement" ("Movimiento de Pioneros Exploradores", MPE).
In 2001 it was elected to the Global 500 Roll of Honour of the United Nations Environment Programme for its environmental activities.

</doc>
<doc id="9844076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844076" title="Triple Jeopardy">
Triple Jeopardy

Triple Jeopardy is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout, published by the Viking Press in 1952. Itself collected in the omnibus volume "Kings Full of Aces" (Viking 1969), the book comprises three stories that first appeared in "The American Magazine":

</doc>
<doc id="9844124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844124" title="List of highways in Montgomery County, Texas">
List of highways in Montgomery County, Texas

The following is a list of all state highways in Montgomery County, Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation. All state highways in Texas are paved.

</doc>
<doc id="9844127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844127" title="Have I the Right?">
Have I the Right?

"Have I the Right" was début single and biggest hit of British band The Honeycombs. It was composed by Ken Howard and Alan Blaikley, who had made contact with The Honeycombs, a London-based group, then playing under the name of The Sheratons, in the Mildmay Tavern in the Balls Pond Road in Islington, where they played a date. Howard and Blaikley were impressed by the group's lead vocalist, Dennis D'Ell, and the fact that they had a female drummer, Ann (‘Honey’) Lantree. The group were looking for material to play for an audition with record producer Joe Meek, and they played the songs Howard and Blaikley had just given them. Meek decided to record one of them, "Have I the Right", there and then. Meek himself provided the B-side, "Please Don’t Pretend Again".
Recording of the song.
Meek used his apartment at 304 Holloway Road, Islington as a recording studio. Three UK #1 hits were produced there: "Johnny Remember Me" by John Leyton, "Telstar" by The Tornados and the last of them, "Have I the Right".
Conspicuous in "Have I the Right" is the prominent part of the drums that carry the song. Their effect was enhanced by having the members of the group stamp their feet on the wooden stairs to the studio. Meek recorded the sound with five microphones he had fixed to the banisters with bicycle clips. For the finishing touch someone beat a tambourine directly onto a microphone. The recording was somewhat speeded up, reportedly to the Dennis D'Ell's grief, who regretted that he could not reproduce this sound on stage.
Chart success.
"Have I the Right" was presented by Meek to several major labels, who turned it down. It was released in June 1964 on the Pye record label (Pye 7N 15664). Louis Benjamin (1922–1994), Pye’s later chairman, rechristened the group The Honeycombs, a pun on the drummer’s name and her job as a hairdresser's assistant. The single’s sales started slowly, but by the end of July the record started to climb in the UK Singles Chart. At the end of August the record reached No. 1. Outside the UK "Have I the Right?" was a big success too. The song became #1 in Australia, Canada and Sweden. In the US the record reached #5 and in the Netherlands #2. "Have I the Right?" sold worldwide about two million copies within a year.
Lawsuit.
In July 1965, the British music magazine "NME" reported that it had been agreed in the London High Court that "Have I The Right" was the work of Howard and Blaikley. Composer Geoff Goddard agreed to drop allegations that he, and not they, had written the song. Goddard had been Meek's principal song-writer, but the two had fallen out. He claimed that the song was adapted from his earlier song "Give Me The Chance", but was too shy to testify in court.
German version.
The Honeycombs also recorded a German version of the song: "Hab ich das Recht?" (Deutsche Vogue, DV 14210). Both the English and the German version reached #21 in the German charts: the English one in October, the German one in November 1964. The German version was recorded without the group’s stamping their feet on the stairs and without speeding up. One line was left out, so the German version is shorter than the English one.
Cover versions.
"Have I The Right" was covered by Petula Clark on her 1965 album, "The International Hits". The song was also covered in 1977 by The Dead End Kids. Their version peaked at number six in the UK pop charts, and surprisingly topped the Irish pop charts for two weeks. The song was covered by the Dead Kennedys on the 1979 live album, "Live At The Deaf Club". Other artists to cover the song include Les Fradkin, Casper & the Cookies, Vampire Weekend and Miki Lamarr.

</doc>
<doc id="9844141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844141" title="Simeon of Bulgaria">
Simeon of Bulgaria

Simeon of Bulgaria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9844168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844168" title="Broadway Line (Midtown Manhattan surface)">
Broadway Line (Midtown Manhattan surface)

The Broadway Line or Broadway Branch Line is a surface transit line in Manhattan, New York City, United States, running mainly along 42nd Street and Broadway from Murray Hill to Harlem. Formerly a streetcar line operated by the Third Avenue Railway, it is now the M104 Broadway bus route operated by the Manhattan and Bronx Surface Transit Operating Authority, a subsidiary of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. However, that bus route no longer runs along the entire streetcar route.
M104 bus.
The M104 bus route begins at Times Square and no longer runs on 42nd Street as of June 2010 due to budgetary constraints. Buses use Eighth Avenue (northbound) and Seventh Avenue (southbound) to Central Park South. The route continues north on Broadway through the Upper West Side, finally turning off at 125th Street, where it turns around at a clockwise loop on Amsterdam Avenue, 129th Street, Convent Avenue, and 125th Street. Transfers can be made to the subway at 57th Street – Seventh Avenue ( trains), Seventh Avenue – 53rd Street ( trains), Times Square – 42nd Street ( trains), 42nd Street – Port Authority Bus Terminal ( trains), 59th Street – Columbus Circle ( trains), and 125th Street ( train).
History.
The Forty-second Street, Manhattanville and St. Nicholas Avenue Railway opened the Boulevard Line in 1884 or 1885, following the 42nd Street Crosstown Line from the East 34th Street Ferry along First Avenue (trackage rights over the Central Park, North and East River Railroad's East Belt Line) and 42nd Street to Times Square, using new trackage on Broadway (then Boulevard) to 125th Street, and turning west on 125th Street over the tracks of the One-Hundred and Twenty-Fifth Street Railroad's 125th Street Crosstown Line to the Fort Lee Ferry. The Third Avenue Railroad acquired control of the line in November 1895, and the Metropolitan Street Railway leased the Third Avenue in May 1900. After cable cars stopped running on the Metropolitan's Broadway Line in 1902, the Third Avenue's line was rerouted to continue south on Broadway from Times Square on the Metropolitan's trackage, ending at Houston Street.
Effective February 17, 1908, as part of the splitting of the Third Avenue Railroad from the bankrupt Metropolitan Street Railway, the Third Avenue's Broadway cars were sent along their old route, heading east on 42nd Street at Times Square and ending at the East 34th Street Ferry via First Avenue. Simultaneously, the Metropolitan introduced a new line, the Broadway and Amsterdam Avenue Line, running from Broadway and Houston Street along Broadway, Seventh Avenue, 53rd Street, Ninth Avenue, Columbus Avenue, Broadway, and Amsterdam Avenue to 125th Street. This was done because the Third Avenue's Broadway trackage ended at Times Square; south of Times Square was Metropolitan trackage.
Broadway buses stopped serving the East 34th Street Ferry on September 29, 1917. Buses were substituted for streetcars on December 15, 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="9844173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844173" title="Czech People's Party (1900)">
Czech People's Party (1900)

The Czech People's Party ("Česká strana lidová") was founded in 1900 by Tomáš Masaryk and members of the Young Czech Party. 
It continued to exist until 1906, when the Czech Progressive Party ("Česka strana pokroková") was created with some members of the Radical Progressive Party.

</doc>
<doc id="9844198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844198" title="Eye and Dunsden">
Eye and Dunsden

Eye and Dunsden is a largely rural civil parish in the most southern part of English county of Oxfordshire.
It includes the villages of Sonning Eye, Dunsden Green and Playhatch and borders on the River Thames with the village of Sonning in Berkshire connected via Sonning Bridge just over the river to the south. Before 1866, Eye & Dunsden was part of the trans-county parish of Sonning.
To the west, it abuts the growing Berkshire town of Reading. To the east lies the Oxfordshire parish of Shiplake. Sonning Common and the relatively newly created parish of Binfield Heath lie to the north.
Caversham Lakes, including the Thames and Kennet Marina, Redgrave Pinsent Rowing Lake, Reading Sailing Club, Isis Water Ski Club, and Sonning Works, are all on the Thames flood plain within the parish. Berry Brook starts close to the Redgrave-Pinsent Rowing Lake to the southwest, running northeast through the River Thames floodplain past Playhatch, under the B478 Playhatch Road near the Sonning Works, before joining the river at Hallsmead Ait. Eye & Dunsden also includes attractively wooded parts of the Chiltern Hills and rolling farmland.

</doc>
<doc id="9844206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844206" title="Bolívar (disambiguation)">
Bolívar (disambiguation)

Bolívar, Bolivar and similar may refer to:
Bolívar.
Bolívar may refer to:
Bolivar.
Bolivar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9844211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844211" title="Church of St Nicholas, Bradfield">
Church of St Nicholas, Bradfield

The Church of St. Nicholas, Bradfield is situated in the small village of High Bradfield, (Grid Reference ) which is located north west of the centre of the city of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England. It is one of only five Grade One Listed buildings in Sheffield. Apart from its historic architecture, the church is situated in a charming setting, above sea level, giving fine views over the northeastern moors and valleys of the Peak District National Park.
History.
Anglo-Saxon.
Christian worship in the Bradfield area dates from at least the 9th century, as a Saxon cross discovered in 1870 in the nearby village of Low Bradfield was dated by specialists to that time. Local historian John Wilson (1719–83) believed that the original Norman church was founded in 1109 when deciphering ancient writing in the church's original east window. The Normans regarded the area around Bradfield as strategically important and had built a motte-and-bailey fortified keep in the area after the conquest. William de Lovetot, Lord of Hallamshire, had built the Church of St. Mary, Ecclesfield, nine kilometres to the east, at the end of the 11th century, to which St. Nicholas, Bradfield became a chapel of ease until 1868 when it became a parish of its own.
The original Norman church was an uncomplicated two cell building. A square bell tower was added in the 14th century before it was largely rebuilt in the Gothic Perpendicular style during the 1480s, using some of the original masonry which consisted of local gritstone. The interior of the church changed drastically under the influence of the Puritans during the English Civil War, when statues, wall paintings and stained glass were destroyed and the walls whitewashed.
19th century.
These changes were reversed in the latter part of the 19th century when the interior was restored to its 15th century appearance. Parts of the original Norman church survive in the north arcade, the font and the chancel arch. The previously mentioned 9th century Saxon cross was integrated into the north wall of the church in 1886. The cross is roughly fashioned in local gritstone and is simply decorated with five bosses on the head, which was the Saxon way of depicting the crucifixtion. Records of births, marriages and burials date from 1559. Music in the church was originally provided by a local band of musicians featuring a bassoon and violoncello accompanying the choir. The musicians were replaced in 1843 by an organ. The present organ was installed in 1973. It was built by Laycock and Bannister and was bought second hand from a church in Middlesbrough that was closing.
Today.
Windows.
The interior contains 17 stained glass windows of varying sizes. Much of the glass is from the late 19th century although the Medieval Window includes fragments of glass from the 15th century. During the Second World War it was stored in a local clay mine to protect it from bomb damage. The windows include designs by Sir John Ninian Comper, Clayton and Bell and Hardman & Co.. The east window, which is the largest, was donated by the Wilson family in 1870, and depicts the nativity, baptism, crucifixion, resurrection and ascension of Christ. A window on the west wall was donated by the Dixon family in 1930. The family had been the owners of the Spring Grove paper mill in Oughtibridge since 1871. The main west window is situated in the ringing chamber of the tower. It was a gift of James Wilson Rimington-Wilson (1822–77) of Broomhead Hall and depicts Saint Nicholas and Saint Cuthbert. It is one of ten windows in the church attributed to William Francis Dixon (1848–1928) of the Clayton & Bell company.
Interior.
The pulpit features carved panels portraying Christ with the four Gospel writers. Oak panels brought from Normandy in 1886 decorate the sanctuary and the altar. The interior has a Camber beam roof with the wall posts having carved feet and various embossing. The original Norman baptismal font is still in place; it is made of magnesian limestone with no decoration at all and is believed to have been built and presented by the Cistercian monks of Roche Abbey in the 12th century. A sunken vestry was discovered and refurbished during the 19th century, which is thought to have been used by visiting clergy as sleeping quarters.
Memorial.
The church features memorials to the Bradfield men who perished in both World wars. A slate plaque presented by the local water authority in 1989 stands in the south aisle and commemorates the Great Sheffield Flood of 1864, when the nearby Dale Dike Reservoir broke and 270 people drowned. A number of flood victims are buried in the churchyard. The grave of William Horsfield, who discovered the crack in the embankment of the dam, is located in the churchyard. He died in 1881.
Bell Tower.
The bell tower contains a peal of eight bells made by John Taylor Bellfounders of Loughborough. Six were cast in 1847, while two more were added recently in 1997. Records show Bradfield's bells were not only rung on Sundays but also to commemorate events of national importance, such as on 5 November "for the Gunpowder Treason" and from 1660 onwards on 29 May (Oak Apple Day) to celebrate The Restoration. The irregularly-shaped watch house which stands by the main gates was built in 1745 to guard against grave robbers looking for fresh corpses for medical study, with friends and relatives of the deceased often guarding the recently buried loved ones with guns. It is the only surviving watch house in Yorkshire, and today it is a private dwelling. When Bradfield village lost its church hall in 1987, the rear pews of the church were removed to provide a meeting place and kitchen.

</doc>
<doc id="9844214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844214" title="Surface transit">
Surface transit

Surface transit is a type of public transit that operates on the surface in built-up areas, usually with buses or tram systems.

</doc>
<doc id="9844221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844221" title="J. Lawrence Smith Medal">
J. Lawrence Smith Medal

J. Lawrence Smith Medal is awarded by the National Academy of Sciences for investigations of meteoric bodies. The medal is in honor of its namesake, J. Lawrence Smith.
Recipients.
Harry Y. McSween, Jr. (2012)
For his studies of the igneous and metamorphic histories of the parent planets of the chondritic and achondritic meteorites, with particular emphasis on his work on the geological history of Mars based on studies of Martian meteorites and spacecraft missions to this planet.
Robert N. Clayton (2009)
For pioneering the study of oxygen isotopes to unravel the nature and origin of meteorites, showing that meteorites were assembled from components with distinct nuclear origins.
Klaus Keil (2006)
For his pioneering quantitative studies of minerals in meteorites and important contributions to understanding the nature, origin, and evolution of their parent bodies.
John T. Wasson(2003)
For important studies on the classification, origin, and early history of iron meteorites and chondritic meteorites, and on the mode of formation of chondrules. 
George W. Wetherill (2000)
For his unique contributions to the cosmochronology of the planets and meteorites and to the orbital dynamics and formation of solar system bodies.
Ernst Zinner (1997)
For his pioneering studies of the isotopic composition of circumstellar dust grains preserved in meteorites, opening a new window to the formation of the solar nebula.
Donald E. Brownlee (1994)
Robert M. Walker (1991)
A. G. W. Cameron (1988)
G. J. Wasserburg (1985)
Ralph B. Baldwin (1979)
John A. Wood (1976)
Clair C. Patterson (1973)
Edward Anders (1971)
Edward P. Henderson (1970)
John H. Reynolds (1967)
Harold C. Urey (1962)
Ernst J. Opik (1960)
Mark G. Inghram (1957)
Peter M. Millman (1954)
Fred L. Whipple (1949)
Stuart H. Perry (1945)
George P. Merrill (1922)
H. A. Newton (1888)
External Links.
J. Lawrence Smith Medal

</doc>
<doc id="9844234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844234" title="Magic Spellcraft">
Magic Spellcraft

Magic Spellcraft is the second Artefact album, recorded at Finnvox studio in 2005. It was released by Rupture Music on May 18, 2006. In this second opus, created and recorded when coming back from Wacken Open Air Festival, where they won third prize during a Wacken Battle, Artefact shows a powerful maturity: guitar epics, medieval paintings, deep shrieking vocals as well as choirs.

</doc>
<doc id="9844259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844259" title="Ernest Beoku-Betts">
Ernest Beoku-Betts

Sir Ernest Samuel Beoku-Betts (March 15, 1895 – 1957) was a prominent Sierra Leonean lawyer who was very active in civic matters. He served first as member of the Freetown City Council and subsequently as its mayor (1925–1926). He improved the city and reorganized the council. Other political pursuits involved a period as a member of the Legislative Council, where he worked closely with Herbert Bankole-Bright.
In 1937, Beoku-Betts left politics and became police magistrate. He assumed more senior positions during the years and was the first national to be the Vice-President of the Legislative Council.
He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth the year of his death. He had won recognition for the legal progress of Sierra Leone during the colonial period as well as constitutional progress toward independence.

</doc>
<doc id="9844266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844266" title="R. v. Smith (1992)">
R. v. Smith (1992)

R. v. Smith, 2 S.C.R. 915 is a leading decision on hearsay by the Supreme Court of Canada. This decision, along with "R. v. Khan" (1990), began what is called the "hearsay revolution", supplementing the traditional categorical approach to hearsay exceptions with a new "principled approach" based on reliability and necessity of testimony.
Background.
Arthur Larry Smith was accused of killing Aritha Monalisa King. It was believed that they had both traveled from Detroit to London, Ontario. While in Canada, Smith had asked King to smuggle drugs back for him. She refused and was killed by Smith. At trial, King's mother testified that she received four phone calls from her daughter the night of her death. The last call came from near where her body was found. King had told her mother she would be home very soon. 
The issue before the Supreme Court was whether the statements could be admissible as evidence. The trial judge admitted the evidence and Smith was convicted. On appeal, the Ontario Court of Appeal ordered a new trial. 
Judgment.
Lamer C.J. writing for the Court, dismissed the appeal. His reasons focused on the "principled approach" first developed in the Khan case. He found that the new approach was not just limited to child testimony but rather was a new method that applied to all hearsay statements, calling it a "triumph of a principled analysis over a set of ossified judicially created categories".

</doc>
<doc id="9844312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844312" title="Diaspora (disambiguation)">
Diaspora (disambiguation)

Diaspora is the dispersion of a population from their native land, particularly mass dispersions of an involuntary nature.
Diaspora may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9844333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844333" title="Balkh University">
Balkh University

Balkh University () () is a university located in Mazari Sharif, capital of Balkh Province in northern Afghanistan. Established in 1986, the university has about 5,500 students and is the third largest in Afghanistan after Kabul University and Nangarhar University. Faculties include medicine, engineering, economics, journalism, literature, law and science.
As part of its contributions to the rebuilding of Afghanistan, the Government of Pakistan is expanding the university by adding the Liaquat Ali Khan engineering faculty, a 10 million dollar separate block which is near completion as of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9844376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844376" title="McMillan LLP">
McMillan LLP

McMillan LLP is a Canadian business law firm with offices in Toronto, Vancouver, Calgary, Ottawa, Montréal, and Hong Kong. The firm specializes in business law, financial services, commercial real estate, competition/antitrust, corporate restructuring and insolvency, bankruptcy and natural resource law. The firm has approximately 400 lawyers.
The brand "America's Canadian Law Firm" is used in marketing in the United States. McMillan's business south of the border began in the 1940s when Bill Binch travelled the Midwest soliciting mid-sized companies expanding into Canadian markets.
History.
Founded in 1903 by Newton Rowell and together with the leadership of Gordon McMillan and Bill Binch, McMillan LLP has been providing legal services for over 100 years. In 2005, McMillan Binch LLP in Toronto combined with Mendelsohn LLP in Montréal to offer national legal services under the name McMillan Binch Mendelsohn LLP.
In 2009, McMillan LLP and Calgary’s Thackray Burgess LLP combined and rebranded to create McMillan LLP. 
McMillan LLP and Lang Michener LLP announced that they had reached an agreement to combine on January 1, 2011. The new firm operates under the single name, McMillan LLP. Lang Michener dated back to 1926 in Toronto, Ontario where Rhodes Scholar Roland Michener and Osgoode Hall graduate Daniel Lang formed Lang & Michener. That same year, in Vancouver, British Columbia, the firm of Lawrence & Shaw was formed by partners James Lyle Lawrence and Alistair Shaw. These two firms merged in 1989 becoming Lang Michener Lawrence & Shaw. The first Lang & Michener office was in the Canadian National Building at 347 Bay Street. It was one of the first "Bay Street" law firms in Canada.
The firm played a leading role in Canada's political and legal landscape. Founding partner, Roland Michener was appointed Speaker of the House of Commons by Prime Minister John Diefenbaker and later Governor General of Canada by Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson. Daniel Aiken Lang, son of firm founder Daniel Webster Lang, was appointed to the Canadian Senate also by Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson. The Right Honourable Jean Chrétien practiced with Lang Michener from 1986–1990, and Michel Bastarache, of the Ottawa office, was appointed a Justice of the Supreme Court of Canada in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9844392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844392" title="The Enchanted Maiden">
The Enchanted Maiden

The Enchanted Maiden is a Portuguese fairy tale collected by Consiglieri Pedroso in "Portuguese Folk-Tales".
Synopsis.
A man had three daughters. To announce that the first one was ready for marriage, he hung up a golden ball; every man passing by believed the family to be too rich for him, until a prince came and asked for her hand in marriage. The same thing happened to the second, but when it was the turn of the youngest, the man could not afford a golden ball. He hung up a silver one instead; and another prince passed but as it was too poor for him, another man came instead to marry her. As a result, the youngest daughter's sisters refused to associate with her. One day, as she was giving birth, fairies asked for shelter; she tried to plead that she was not well, but the fairies continued pleading, and she let them stay. When she gave birth to a daughter, the fairies blessed the baby with beauty, riches, and having flowers fall from her mouth when she spoke. This reconciled the sisters who married princes with their youngest sister. 
When the enchanted maiden had grown up, a prince who was betrothed to a daughter of her aunt fell in love with her and wanted nothing to do with his betrothed. He fell ill, and his physicians ordered him to travel. The enchanted maiden climbed up a tower to watch him go, and the betrothed maiden put out her eyes with a stick. A man gave her shelter, but when the prince returned, his betrothed claimed to be the enchanted maiden, who could not go to him because she was blind. The enchanted maiden told the betrothed that she would give her flowers for her wedding in return for her eyes, so the betrothed girl sent her her eyes. She put them back and went to the wedding to ask the prince not to marry the betrothed girl. The prince asked his guests that after having lost something, bought another, and found the original, whether he should use the new or the old. They recommended the old, and so he married the enchanted maiden.

</doc>
<doc id="9844404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844404" title="Kirsten Dierking">
Kirsten Dierking

Kirsten Dierking (born 1962) is an American poet from Minnesota. Common topics in her poetry include the healing aspects of nature, and feminist themes, with particular emphasis on the aftermath and recovery from sexual assault. Some of her more well known works include "I Might Have Dreamed This" and "Broken".
Career.
Dierking was awarded an SASE/Jerome grant. She has received grants from the Minnesota State Arts Board and the Loft Literary Center. Her first book of poetry, "One Red Eye", was published in 2001, and she is widely published in journals and anthologies.
Bibliography.
Poetry

</doc>
<doc id="9844472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844472" title="Henrik Brenkman">
Henrik Brenkman

Henrik Brenkman (bapt. 11 December 1681, Rotterdam - 1736, Culemborg) was a Dutch jurist and colleague of Cornelius Bynkershoek.
He is best known for his work on the textual history of the Corpus iuris civilis. His main work, the "Historia Pandectarum", concerned with the Florentine Manuscript, remains of significance today.

</doc>
<doc id="9844487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844487" title="Lucie Talmanová">
Lucie Talmanová

Lucie Talmanová (born on 27 August 1967 in Prague) is a Czech politician.
She graduated from the Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague (VŠCHT). From 1990 till 1994, she worked as a radiology lab specialist. In 1994–1998, she served as vicemayor of Prague 1. Later, she was a member of the city council "(zastupitelstvo)" and executive board "(rada)" of this municipal district. 
She joined Civic Democratic Party in 1991 and was elected as deputy in 1998, 2002 and 2006. In Parliament, she has been a member (later vice-chairperson) of the Committee for Social Policies and Health Care. She became vice-chairman of Chamber of Deputies on 14 August 2006.
In August 2006, speculation started about her intimate relationship with the chairman of the Civic Democratic Party, Mirek Topolánek. She rejected them and called it a "great friendship". In January 2007, information emerged that she was expecting a baby with Topolánek; shortly afterwards, Topolánek confirmed the relationship. The day after, Talmanová confirmed her pregnancy, but did not name the father. The baby son was born on 24 July 2007. Talmanová and Topolánek got married on 3 June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9844488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844488" title="Wonder Girls">
Wonder Girls

Wonder Girls (Korean: , Chinese: 奇迹女孩, Japanese: ワンダーガールズ) is a South Korean girl group, whose current line-up is Sunye, Yubin, Yeeun, and Hyelim. They are managed by their producer, the singer-songwriter Park Jin-Young under his talent agency, JYP Entertainment. They are co-managed in the United States by Creative Artists Agency. The group's name, 'Wonder Girls', comes from the idea that they are "the girls who can amaze the world". The group began their entry into the American market in 2009 as an opening act for The Jonas Brothers' World Tour, performing the English version of their hit single "Nobody". In late 2009, their song charted at number seventy-six on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, making the Wonder Girls the first South Korean group to enter the chart.
In 2010, Wonder Girls entered the Chinese market with the compilation album "Wonder Girls" that included Chinese language versions of "Tell Me", "Nobody" and "So Hot".
In 2012, Wonder Girls signed with DefStar Records, a subsidiary of Sony Music Japan, for their Japanese debut.
It was announced on November 26, 2012, that the group would be taking a break because of Sunye's marriage, with the other members focusing on their own activities.
On December 21, 2013, Ahn Sohee's contract with JYP Entertainment as a member of Wonder Girls expired and she decided not to renew her contract with JYP Entertainment as a member of Wonder Girls, effectively leaving the group.
History.
Pre-debut.
The Wonder Girls were introduced through a TV show titled "MTV Wonder Girls". The first four episodes outlined the characteristics and profiles of each member and showcased their schedules for the day. Shortly after selecting Yeeun as the fifth member, the Wonder Girls held their first showcase in the MTV Studio. They performed a cover version of "Don't Cha" by the Pussycat Dolls as well as their own songs, including "Irony" and "" ("It's Not Love"). Sunye sang her version of Destiny's Child's "Stand Up for Love", while Hyuna performed a showcase of her dancing skills. The other three members — Yeeun, Sunmi and Sohee — performed a cover version of Janet Jackson's "Together Again".
2007: Debut and "The Wonder Years".
The Wonder Girls officially debuted in early 2007 on MBC's "Show! Music Core", performing "Irony", the hip-hop single from their first album, "The Wonder Begins". The album sold 11,454 physical copies in 2007. The Wonder Girls official fanclub was established, with the name of "Wonderfuls". The group held several showcases in China after receiving Chinese lessons. During the rest of 2007, however, members of the Wonder Girls were beset by various injuries and health problems. On June 25, Sohee was sidelined for a month after tearing a knee ligament in a fall from a running motorcycle during the filming of her movie, "뜨거운 것이 좋아" ("I Like It Hot").
The remaining four members continued performing until late July, when Hyuna was withdrawn from the group by her parents due to their concern over her problems with chronic gastroenteritis and fainting spells. In autumn 2007, the talent agency Good Entertainment sent their trainee Yubin to JYP Entertainment as a replacement for Hyuna. She made her debut three days later in the group's live performance of "Tell Me" on "Music Bank".
Their first full-length album, "The Wonder Years", was released the following week with "Tell Me". Due to the last-minute addition of Yubin, the album version does not contain her part. However, the performance version of the song was reworked to include a bridge with rapping by Yubin. The single was a hit and reached number one on various Korean television and internet music charts, including KBS's "Music Bank". The choreography for the song was simple and widely imitated: by October, many fan performances of the dance circulated on video sharing sites such as YouTube and Daum, including one by a group of policemen who were eventually profiled on SBS's "Star King". The dance's popularity was immense and the explosive attention it received became widely known as the "Tell Me Virus", earning the group the title of 'Korea's Little Sisters'. Videos of the dance came from fans in the Philippines and as far away as France, and the song also reach #1 in Thailand.
The Wonder Girls had an extensive promotional schedule for their album and in late 2007 they began performing their second single, "이 바보" ("This Fool"). They made numerous appearances on variety and game shows, sang live on radio shows, at music festivals, on music programs, and in special joint performances with other groups such as Big Bang and Girls' Generation. MTV also broadcast four seasons of "The Wonder Life", a reality TV series starring the girls. The Wonder Girls returned to Korea in spring 2008. In May, a picture of each member was released over a period of five days, starting with Yeeun] and ending with Sohee. A preview track from the upcoming single was then released. There were rumours that Hyuna would be returning to the group; JYP Entertainment, however, said that the story was untrue.
2008: "So Hot: 3rd Project" and "The Wonder Years: Trilogy".
A new single, "So Hot", was released on May 22, 2008; the song topped online charts soon after. In mid-2008, they performed on MBC's "Show! Music Core", performing "So Hot" and "This Time". The full single was released soon after containing the title track, the rap version of "Tell Me", "This Time" and "You're Out". Due to a vocal cord injury, Yubin temporarily lip-synched her parts under doctor's orders.
After a very short break, the Wonder Girls made a comeback in early fall 2008. The full music video for "Nobody" was revealed, and the single was digitally released simultaneously. They performed the following weekend on "Show! Music Core", "Music Bank" and "Inkigayo". The song went to No. 1 on KBS' "Music Bank", staying there for four consecutive weeks, and also won Cyworld's "Song of the Month" award in September and October 2008. Like "Tell Me", "Nobody" also sparked a dance craze.
At the 2008 MNet KM Music Festival Awards, the Wonder Girls received three awards: the "Song of the Year" award, "Best Music Video" for "Nobody" and "Best Female Group". The group also won an award at the 2008 Golden Disk Awards a month later for high digital sales. At the 18th Seoul Music Awards, the Wonder Girls won the Daesang ("Artist of the Year" award), the highest award offered, for "Nobody", and two other awards.
In February 2008, the Wonder Girls joined their producer Park Jin-young for his month-long concert tour through Korea and the United States (including New York City and Los Angeles) as special guests, and took the opportunity to film the music video for "Wishing on a Star" while in New York. Park had stated that the concerts were also meant to be a showcase for his other protégés, such as Min, G-Soul, and Lim Jeong Hee. They were also selected as a top girl group by Virgin Media.
In October 2008, the Wonder Girls were signed by the Creative Artists Agency (CAA). By the end of 2008, they had earned ₩12 billion (equivalent to $9 million US) as a group.
2009–10: focus on international activities and line-up changes.
The Wonder Girls tour started on February 28, 2009, in Bangkok, Thailand. Along with their mentor, JYP, they held concerts in the United States, visiting Los Angeles on March 5, La Mirada on March 6, and New York City on March 8. They also performed for a small crowd at MTV Iggy on March 10. The group then returned to South Korea, holding concerts in late March in Seoul and Busan. This tour was documented in the M.net reality show "Welcome to Wonderland".
After the end of the tour, the Wonder Girls debuted a music video for "Now", a cover of Fin.K.L's single from their third album. They also created a commercial for LG; a version with only the dance was released online on April 9, 2009. The Wonder Girls also started their official MySpace Music account. The page confirmed that the group would launch in the United States with the official release of an English version of "Nobody" in summer 2009.
In June 2009, JYP Entertainment announced that the Wonder Girls would be joining the Jonas Brothers on the North American leg of the Jonas Brothers World Tour 2009. The company also announced that "Nobody" would be the first English single, followed by "Tell Me", and that an English album would be forthcoming. It was later revealed that in order to concentrate on their American debut, both Sohee and Sunmi had dropped out of high school.
The Wonder Girls released an English version of "Nobody" on June 26, 2009, the day before the start of their tour with the Jonas Brothers. The Wonder Girls were initially signed on for 13 concert dates across the US, but they were eventually given the opportunity to join the Jonas Brothers for a total of 45 concert dates. "Nobody" eventually entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 in October 2009, making them the first Korean group to enter the chart. The song also topped the Taiwan and Hong Kong music charts.
On January 22, 2010, JYP announced that Sunmi would be postponing her musical career to pursue an academic career and that Hyerim (Lim), a JYP trainee, would take her place. Sunmi continued as a member of the Wonder Girls in February in order to complete scheduled events.
The Wonder Girls had been preparing their first English album, with half (six tracks) to consist of English versions of Korean singles and the other half of brand new material, initially scheduled for release in February 2010. They were also planning to have a headlining tour in January 2010; however, due to the departure of Sunmi, plans for both the tour and the album were delayed.
Due to the popularity of the group in Asia and worldwide, the electronics brand Sony Ericsson chose the girls to be the ambassadors of Sony Ericsson in the Asia Pacific Region involving promotional activities in South Korea, China, Japan, Singapore, Indonesia and Taiwan as well as Australia and New Zealand. After the announcement, they flew to Singapore where they held a press meeting performing their songs "So Hot", "Tell Me" and "Nobody".
On April 5, 2010, the Wonder Girls announced a 20-show tour of the US and Canada, the Wonder World Tour, which was to include fellow label mates 2PM for nine dates in Washington DC, Atlanta, New York, Chicago, Houston, Dallas, Los Angeles, Anaheim and San Francisco in conjunction with Live Nation. The tour was to be a combination of the English and Korean versions of their hits, covers of popular English-language songs, and new songs from their upcoming album, as stated by Yeeun during their Ustream webchat with fans on April 17, 2010. The first leg of the tour began in Washington, D.C. on June 4, 2010.
On May 1, the Wonder Girls performed at the Korean Music Festival at the Hollywood Bowl.
The Wonder Girls followed up their tour announcement with the unveiling of the newest single/EP, titled "2 Different Tears". The title track was recorded in three different languages: Chinese, Korean and English. The music video for "2 Different Tears" was premiered on YouTube on May 15, 2010; it was shot in the Gyeonggi-do province of South Korea. The music video includes Park Jin-Young and the Korean-American comedian Bobby Lee. There are three versions of the video: Korean, English and Chinese. Their album was released on the same day.
Between May 15 and 31, 2010, the Wonder Girls returned to South Korea to promote the Korean version of "2 Different Tears". They appeared on M.Net's "M! Countdown" on May 22, 2010. On May 27, the Wonder Girls won their first No. 1 award for "2 Different Tears" on "M! Countdown". The group ended their last week of promotional activities in South Korea by performing on MBC's "Music Core" on May 29, 2010. During this two-week period, the Wonder Girls also appeared on several Korean variety and talk shows, including KBS's "Win Win" and "Happy Together", as well as SBS's "Family Outing 2" and MBC's "Come to Play".
In May 2010, eight more US cities and two Canadian cities were added to the second leg of the Wonder World Tour. In addition, it was announced that label mates, 2AM, would open for the Wonder Girls in San Francisco, San Diego, Las Vegas, Englewood, Atlanta, Chicago and Seattle. During this time, the Wonder Girls' American promotional activities continued to earn them recognition: the popular concert venue House of Blues named them "Artist of the Month" for June 2010 while the online concert authority Pollstar featured them in a special article titled "The Wonders of K-pop".
On July 29, MTV Korea premiered season 4 of "Wonder Girls", which introduced the Wonder Girls' everyday life in the United States, such as at their New York home and studio, and preparations for the "MTV World Stage Live in Malaysia 2010". The "MTV World Stage Live in Malaysia 2010" was held at the Sunway Lagoon Surf Beach on July 31. The show was broadcast on August 21 on MTV Asia.
On July 30, M.net premiered a new show "Made in Wonder Girls" that took viewers behind the scenes of the Wonder Girls first American tour as well as their promotions in Singapore and Indonesia. On August 3, the Wonder Girls performed in Singapore's SINGfest 2010 at Fort Canning Park. On September 3, The Wonder Girls performed in Seattle for Aion.
2011: Return to Korea with "Wonder World".
In January, more information was released about the American album. JYP Entertainment's CEO Park Jin Young hinted on his Twitter account that he had written a new song for the girls while recording in his drama "Dream High". He later tweeted that he was not the only producer for this album. Rainstone (Rhee Woo Seok) of JYP Entertainment, the songwriter behind "Nobody", said that the album was expected to have six to seven tracks. The well- known producer Rodney ‘Darkchild’ Jerkins and the Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Claude Kelly were revealed to be heavily participating in the album and the album was to be released by one of the three major labels of America.
In February, the Chinese distributor Starsing Records unveiled the best-selling albums for 2010, which included American artists like Lady Gaga, Taylor Swift, but also the Wonder Girls "Special Edition" album.
During the 2011 Chloe Fashion Show in Shanghai, China, leader Sunye said it was not clear if they would add their Mandarin songs to the new album and it was possible there would be a Mandarin album for their Chinese fans. Yeeun said she was interested in composing songs for this album. Yubin said that they would be going for a bolder approach and that they would indeed raise the stakes in their dance music, but still have elements of retro.
On April 6, on SBS Power FM’s "Kim Hee Chul’s Young Street", Sunye hinted at a possible comeback in Korea when asked about the Wonder Girls’ activities by a listener.
On June 24, Wonder Girls were awarded the "Top Gross Selling Digital Downloads" award in the foreign group category at the China Mobile Miguhui Awards for 5,371,903 downloads sold of their singles “Nobody”, “Tell Me”, and “2 Different Tears”.
On June 30, it was announced on their official website that the girls had been invited to perform at the 2011 Special Olympics closing ceremonies in Athens, Greece. They performed the traditional Korean folk song "Arirang" along "Nobody" sung in English and "Tell Me" sung in Korean. The performance was held on July 4.
In early summer 2011, it was falsely reported on several fan websites that the Wonder Girls would be performing the US national anthem as well as a new song from their upcoming album at the New York Mets game.
On August 5, The Wonder Girls appeared on Billboard.com's "Mashup Monday" program, performing a self-arranged cover version of B.o.B and Bruno Mars' "Nothin' On You". On October 9, 2011, a representative revealed, "The album will be produced in a movie OST format. We’ll be planning our concept to fit around the feel of the song, so as opposed to retro, we feel that it will be more pop. The Wonder Girls will definitely be coming out with a new image, so please look forward to it."
On October 23, JYPE and the members revealed a new poster, "R U Ready?", hanging over their company's building with a new version of the Wonder Girls' logo in a chic new design in black. JYPE confirmed the digital music distributors who revealed, "The Wonder Girls’ second official album will be available starting November 7." The Wonder Girls would only be promoting for a month, however, before they prepared for their Asian promotional tour in December. They enlisted the help of some big figures for their comeback. In addition to having Beyoncé‘s choreographer, Jonte, on their team, the girls also had the designer Johnny Wujek, the fashion stylist for Katy Perry, for this album. The album, "Wonder World" consists of twelve new songs with one remix. The song "G.N.O" was composed and written by Yeeun, Lim wrote "Act Cool" and Yubin wrote the raps for the songs "Girls Girls", "Me, in" and "Sweet Dreams". The full album and music video was released on November 7 with promotions for "Wonder World" with a comeback stage on Music Bank on November 11.
2012: Further international ventures, first TV movie and Asian expansion.
In January, the girls were in Taiwan to promote the album at “2012 Superstar Red & White Red White Music Festival” (2012超級巨星紅白藝能大賞), with labelmate miss A.
They returned to American activities with their made-for-TV movie "The Wonder Girls", and released the soundtrack for the movie titled, "The DJ is Mine" featuring School Gyrls, on January 11. "The DJ is Mine" reached No. 1 onseveral Korean charts. The girls attended the 2012 CES, the world's largest consumer technology tradeshow. They also promoted a new line of Monsters headphones, called "Diamond Tears". They attended the premiere for their movie at the CGV Cinemas in Los Angeles on January 20. The television premiere was on February 2 at TeenNick channel.
Due to a delay in Asian promotions, Wonder Girls promoted later than planned. During March, they attended a Chinese dance show "Let's Shake it" (舞林大会), performing "Nobody" and "Be My Baby" to promote the Asian version of "Wonder World'.
JYP tweeted that the American album would include 12 new tracks along with the "biggest scale ever" music video with a huge surprise on the first single, scheduled for release in the summer, waiting on US distributors and marketing. Wonder Girls’ new album in Korea was confirmed by their company and was scheduled to be released in early June. The Wonder Girls would be stepping away from the retro hits to focus on more powerful dance tracks for the summer season. J.Y. Park recently wrote on his Twitter page, "Wonder Girls’ US album now complete, and all the songs on their Korean album have unanimously been approved."
As for their U.S. activities, it was reported that after the Wonder Girls TV movie had been shown, they had received proposals from the major broadcasting companies in the United States, and were in talks concerning full U.S. promotions and activities for the debut album.
After much speculation, Yeeun revealed that the girls would make a comeback in early June. The group released their mini-album titled "Wonder Party" on June 3, 2012. The music video for the album's lead single, "Like This", was premiered on the same day. It has topped several real time charts such as Daum and Soribada. On June 12, they won their first music show award for the song on MBC's "Show Champion".
It was later announced in mid-June that the group would be making their debut in Japan and that their record label, DefStar Records, had expressed interest in the group's single "Nobody" after listening to the girls' previous tracks and albums, leading to the choice for their first Japanese single entitled "Nobody For Everybody" which was released on July 25. The group had already been chosen as CF models for the Japanese brand Kowa for the Marshpuff products. The CF included a backtrack of their first Japanese single.
On July 3, 2012, it was announced that the group's new digital single "Like Money" would be released on July 10. The song had appeared in their TV movie "The Wonder Girls". Akon features on the song and appears in the music video. On July 21 and 22, the Wonder Girls had a collaboration performance with Akon at the Green Groove Festival 2012.
On September 5, the group performed three songs from their upcoming American album at their iHeartRadio concert: "Ouch", "Stay Together" and "Wake Up". Towards the end of October, Wonder Girls had an interview with Nick Cannon and they were talking about a new show showcasing the Wonder Girls, coming from their original movie. Also in October, their new song "Best Christmas Ever" for "A Very Special Christmas 25th Anniversary" CD was released. The Wonder Girls will also be releasing a new Japanese album titled "Wonder Best" on November 14 including a new song, updated versions of older hit songs and Japanese versions of their songs. The album is a mix of English, Korean, and Japanese.
2013-2014: Sunye's marriage and pregnancy, SoHee's departure and group hiatus.
On November 27, Sunye revealed that she would be marrying her long-term boyfriend on January 26, 2013. An official statement by JYP was issued, saying: "Sun, who debuted in 2007 and led the Wonder Girls as their leader for six years, recently informed the agency as well has the Wonder Girls’ members about her intentions, and understanding that her decision has come after much thought, we have decided to respect her decision. Sun will be focusing on her marriage and family life for the time being, and the other members of Wonder Girls will be concentrating on individual activities such as acting, producing, solo albums, and broadcast activities. We hope for many messages of congratulations and encouragement. Thank you."
After the announcement, an online chat was held with Yenny and Yubin, who said "We’re all going to work hard, including Sunmi, with the same heart so that the Wonder Girls can continue forward and so that we don’t keep our fans waiting for long. We’ll leave you with a big present. Sunmi-ya~" Sunmi then entered the chat room, saying "I’m nervous to be greeting you all for the first time in such a while. I’ve missed you! I’m working hard right now to bring you guys some good news with the other members." Fans speculated that this might mean Sunmi would be returning to the group, but JYP denied the rumour.
During the chat, regarding several fans who had been less than positive about Sunye's marriage, Yenny said "Did we ever say to you to not work, not study, and just vote us and go to our broadcasts?" She later clarified her comment, saying: "Some people may not listen to me no matter what I say, but when I told you guys during chat, 'Did I ever say to not work, not study, and just vote and go to our broadcast?', I didn’t mean 'It’s your fault for doing so, and it’s not my responsibility.' I meant, 'I can’t say something like that.' Because work and studying are both very important aspects of life. Of course, I’m very very grateful for the fans who vote and come to open broadcasts. There was never a time I took it lightly. However, when some fans can’t vote or come to open broadcasts due to entrance exams, big tests, or military service, I still consider them fans if they like our music. Sun also doesn’t consider you guys or Wonder Girls as because she’s getting married. Just like how work, studying, and Wonder Girls are important to you guys, the Wonder Girls, fans, and our personal lives are equally important to us. This Wonder Girls gallery has already been open for 6 years. It seems like just yesterday that I wrote my first post. I don’t think what you guys are saying right now are your true thoughts. I’ve seen many Wonder Girls gallery people and have thought several times that they are [purehearted people. I know that everyone is confused, angry and hurt. So I’m genuinely sorry. But I hope you guys don’t misunderstand my heart. You have known me for 6 years. It’s been a while, and it hurts to be writing because of this kind of incident, but I hope all Wonder Girls gallery people will be happy and well."
The Wonder Girls performed for the last time before their hiatus at the Winter Special Olympics in Pyeong Chang, South Korea on February 5, 2013.
Former member Lee Sunmi debuted as a solo artist on August 22, 2013. Her solo debut MV "24 Hours" was officially released on August 20, 2013. However, it is still unknown if she will return as an active member of the Wonder Girls due to the group's hiatus.
On April 4, 2013, Sunye announced that she was pregnant with her first child through her personal Twitter account. On October 16, 2013, she gave birth to her first daughter, Hailey Park Eun Yoo.
On December 21, 2013, it was announced that Sohee had left the group after she decided not to renew her expired contract with JYP Entertainment. She later signed to BH Entertainment to focus on an acting career.
On March 19, 2014, the group's agency gave an update on the current status of the group following SunYe's plans to move to Haiti on July and focus on a five-year missionary work. The agency reassured that the group are not disbanding.

</doc>
<doc id="9844494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844494" title="Ayumi Shigemori">
Ayumi Shigemori


</doc>
<doc id="9844546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844546" title="F-22P Zulfiquar-class frigate">
F-22P Zulfiquar-class frigate

The F-22P or "Zulfiquar"-class frigate ( ), is a general purpose frigate built by Pakistan and China for the Pakistan Navy (PN). They are reported to be an adaptation of the Type 053H3 frigates of China and include elements of the Type 054 frigates as well. 
The first ship, PNS "Zulfiquar", was handed over to the PN on 30 July 2009 and the second, PNS "Shamsheer", on 23 January 2010. The third frigate, PNS "Saif" was commissioned on 15 Sep 2011. The fourth and last frigate of F-22P series, PNS "Aslat" was inducted on 17 April 2013. 
History.
Pakistan had been negotiating with China for the supply of 4 frigates since the late 1990s. The contract was signed on 4 April 2006 with the conclusion of negotiations for financing and technology transfer. The first ship was delivered in 30 July 2009, second 23 January 2010 and third one at 15 December 2010. The first three were being built at the Hudong-Zhonghua Shipyard in Shanghai, China, while the last is under construction in Pakistan by Karachi Shipyard and Engineering Works (KSEW) to be completed in 2013. The $750 million contract also includes 4-6 Harbin Z-9EC anti-submarine warfare (ASW) helicopters as well as ammunition for the frigates. According to one Chinese source Pakistan ordered four more F-22P frigates in 2007, although this has not been confirmed.
The lead ship, PNS "Zulfiquar", was launched on 5 April 2008 and handed over to the Pakistan Navy on 30 July 2009. On the way to Pakistan, the frigate made a goodwill visit to Port Klang, Malaysia, in late August 2009. Another goodwill visit was made to the Port of Colombo, Sri Lanka, during which the PNS "Zulfiquar"s Commanding Officer Captain Zahid Ilyas visited the Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy, Vice Admiral Thisara Samarasinghe, at the Navy Headquarters on 5 September. PNS Zulfiquar arrived at Karachi, Pakistan, on 12 September 2009 and the induction ceremony was held on 19 September 2009.
The second frigate of the "Zulfiquar" class, PNS "Shamsheer", was launched at Hudong-Zhonghua Shipyard on 31 October 2008. On 19 December 2009 it was commissioned in a ceremony at Shanghai, and arrived in Pakistan on 23 January 2010. The third frigate of the "Zulfiquar" class, PNS "Saif" have been handed over to Pakistan Navy on 15 September 2010. The fourth and last Frigate PNS "ASLAT" was indigenously built at Karachi Shipyard and Engineering Works Limited and inducted on 17 April 2013. 
According to Admiral Noman Bashir, Chief of Naval Staff of Pakistan Navy, the Navy intends to expand its fleet of F-22P frigates from the current four by constructing more ships. These may be an improved variant incorporating features of the Type 054A frigate, possibly designated F-23P, for which discussions have been held between Pakistan and China.
Design.
The F-22P hull uses many of the radar cross-section reduction features of China's Type 054 frigate to help it evade detection by radars mounted on other ships, aircraft and anti-ship missiles. 
The 76.2 mm calibre main gun is a Chinese development of the Russian AK-176M, the main difference being that the Chinese variant adopts a re-designed stealthy turret to reduce radar cross-section. The gun is designed to engage ships, aircraft and anti-ship missiles. In front of the main gun are two 6-cell RDC-32 anti-submarine rocket launchers.
The frigate's primary surface-to-surface missile armament comprises eight C-802 subsonic anti-ship missiles carried in two launchers with four cells each, fitted between the foremast and the funnel. These containers are also compatible with the CY series anti-submarine rockets and may be loaded with a combination of anti-ship and anti-submarine weapons.
The FM-90N surface-to-air missile (SAM) system is fitted between the main deck and main gun. The launcher has eight cells each containing one missile and is fitted on a mount that can be elevated and traversed in the direction of the threat. The FM-90N can engage several targets, including supersonic and sub-sonic sea-skimming missiles, using different guidance modes simultaneously. The system is also designed to engage small targets such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). However, the FM-90 has limited engagement angles as compared to a SAM fired from a vertical launch system. Also, the FM-90 has inferior range,and is also non-reloadable, hence it is not suited for blue water patrol 
A close-in weapon system (CIWS), the Type 730B, is mounted on the aircraft hangar. Comprising two seven-barrel Gatling guns of 30 mm calibre, the F-22P is believed to be the first ship armed with the Type 730B, which uses off-mount sensors such as the Type 347G radar and the OFC-3 electro-optic director. The guns are mounted side-by-side on the aircraft hangar, with the off-mount sensors in between. The CIWS can be upgraded with the FL-3000N fire-and-forget missile system by installing up to two single-round FL-3000N launchers on each existing CIWS gun mount. 
The Harbin Z-9EC anti-submarine warfare (ASW) helicopter is equipped with a surface-search radar, low frequency dipping sonar, radar warning receiver, doppler navigation system and armed with torpedoes. The helicopter can be armed with one torpedo on the starboard side. A small antenna on the roof may provide a data-link, allowing the Z-9 to act as a relay for targeting data between the ship and long range anti-ship missiles such as the C-802.
Gallery.
PNS "Zulfiquar" (251), lead ship of the F-22P "Zulfiquar"-class frigates, during a visit to Port Klang, Malaysia, on 27 August 2009:

</doc>
<doc id="9844578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844578" title="Otter Tail Corporation">
Otter Tail Corporation

Otter Tail Corporation is an energy company based in Fergus Falls, Minnesota. Its main subsidiary is the Otter Tail Power Company.
As of 2007, Otter Tail Power Company serves at least 423 towns at retail and delivers power to about 14 municipal utilities. The company currently has a workforce of over 750 employees, a generating capacity of 660 megawatts, and owns over of electrical power transmission lines (the majority of which are operated at 41.6kV). The company serves 128,500 customers in North Dakota, Minnesota, and South Dakota.
History.
The company was incorporated in 1907 when funds were secured to begin construction of the Dayton Hollow Dam southwest of Fergus Falls. Once the dam came online in April 1909, the company transmitted power at 22kV over a line to serve the customers of the Northern Light Electric Company at Wahpeton, North Dakota.
Shortly thereafter, contracts were secured to provide power at wholesale to the cities of Breckenridge and Fergus Falls, MN (the latter after their own municipal utility's dam failed). After connecting Foxhome, MN, to the system in 1912, the company connected or purchased electric distribution systems in 10 Minnesota towns (the most prominent being Elbow Lake and Morris, MN) and a second town in North Dakota (Fairmount) the following year. Northern Light Electric also merged with Otter Tail at this time and its owner came on board as the company's first general manager. The first South Dakota community served by the company was White Rock in 1915. By 1920, the company was serving approximately 44 towns, all but a handful of which were in or near Otter Tail County. However, the company quickly found its Minnesota service area hemmed in by neighboring utility companies that were also rushing to add territory. This led to the company expanding westward into and across much of eastern North Dakota, reaching Jamestown, ND by 1924 (the company was serving over 100 towns by this time). The company grew at an incredible rate over the next 5 years—reaching the Missouri River at Washburn in 1926 and approaching the Canadian border by 1928. By the end of the 1920s, the company's service area had tripled to serve more than 310 towns. During the Great Depression, the company was apparently not as badly affected as some of its neighbors but was still forced to focus more on survival than growth. By 1939, the worst was past, and they were ready to move forward once more.
Between 1940 and 1944, Otter Tail added territory by merger or acquisition of 6 smaller power companies within or adjacent to its territory (almost all of who had corporate parents that were required to divest these properties due to passage of the Public Utilities Holding Company Act in 1935). These purchases increased its territory to its present size of , about the same size as the state of Wisconsin. The one exception in this territory is the Red River Valley between Grand Forks and Fargo, ND, which was then and still is served by Northern States Power Company (now Xcel Energy).
After the final major acquisition in 1944, the company had reached its 'maximum system' of 496 towns served at both retail and wholesale. As the company matured over the next several decades, the number of towns served within the region would shrink (mainly due to towns served at wholesale changing suppliers and some smaller retail towns dying out). A few towns were added between 1944 and 1968—the largest being the purchase of Fergus Falls' municipal utility in 1953 and the last addition being the transfer of several towns in Polk County, Minnesota, from Northern States Power Company when the 34.5kV transmission line serving these towns approached its load limit.
A merger with Montana-Dakota Utilities was briefly explored in the late 1960s but was soon dropped due to all the regulatory hurdles involved. By the 1990s, flat revenues from the utility operations led the company to establish a subsidiary (Varistar) to acquire and oversee non-utility businesses. In 2001, the company changed its name to Otter Tail Corporation with the utility becoming a division within the company. In late 2008, the company completed a reorganization to realign the utility operations into a subsidiary within Otter Tail Corporation.
Wind power.
Otter Tail Power Company currently owns 138 MW of wind generation, and purchases an additional 45 MW for a total of 183 MW of wind power. By 2010 wind generation on the system is expected to be equivalent to 18 percent of retail sales. Owned wind resources and power purchase agreements for Otter Tail Power Company include: Luverne Wind Farm, Ashtabula Wind Energy Center, Langdon Wind Energy Center, and North Dakota Wind II.
Hydropower.
In the beginning, Otter Tail Power built a series of hydroelectric plants to provide power for its system and these served the company well until its expansion in the 1920s outstripped the dams' capacity (steam provided the bulk of the company's power needs from then on). The company has grown to such a point that today only about 1% of the company's needs still comes from hydropower. The dams are: Dayton Hollow (1909 - southwest of Fergus Falls), Hoot Lake (1914 - east Fergus Falls), Pisgah (1918 - west Fergus Falls), Wright (rebuilt 1922 - downtown Fergus Falls), Taplin Gorge (1925 - northeast of Fergus Falls), and Bemidji (built early 1900s / purchased in 1944). Hoot Lake is unique in that the dam also forms the water intake for the coal-fired power plant nearby.
References.
The Power People: The Story of Otter Tail Power Company (Ralph Johnson, 1986)

</doc>
<doc id="9844596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844596" title="MetaStock">
MetaStock

MetaStock is a proprietary computer program originally released by Computer Asset Management in 1985. It is used for charting and technical analysis of stock (and other asset) prices. It has both real-time and end-of-day versions. MetaStock is a product of Innovative Market Analysis.
Early History.
In 1982 Steve Achelis started a company named Computer Asset Management to develop financial and technical analysis software for personal computers. Computer Asset Management was renamed Equis International in 1989. Achelis’ first software application, written for the Apple II+, was The Financial Package which calculated various financial planning metrics. The Market Mood Monitor was released in 1984 and was eventually renamed The Technician. The Technician, written for the IBM PC, helped investors analyze and chart broad market conditions using sentiment, momentum, and monetary indicators. MetaStock 1.0 was released in 1986. Both MetaStock and The Technician received PC Magazine’s Editor’s Choice award in April 1986.
While The Technician analyzed broad market conditions, MetaStock analyzed individual securities (stocks, futures, mutual funds, etc.). In response to the increasing demand for real-time analysis of prices, MetaStock RT™ was released in July 1992. MetaStock RT received live, real-time quotes from Data Broadcasting’s Signal data feed. In 1995, MetaStock 5.0 was released for the Microsoft Windows 3.1 operating system. Later that year, MetaStock added support for the Reuters DataLink end-of-day data feed. This relationship with Reuters led to Reuters purchasing Equis International and its MetaStock software in 1996. In 1998, MetaStock was released for the Reuters Quotron data feed and in 2001 for the Reuters 3000 Xtra trading platform. In June 2013, Thomson Reuters sold MetaStock to Innovative Market Analysis.
Versions.
MetaStock 13 released November 19, 2013
Features.
The MetaStock software package includes charting functionality in various styles, 250 prebuilt technical indicators, scanning, filtering backtesting, line study drawing, forecasting, automated analysis, and custom indicator creation.
Charting.
MetaStock includes nine core chart styles: bars, line, candlesticks, point & figure, kagi, renko, three-line break, equivolume and candlevolume. All charts in MetaStock can be customized with linestyles, colors, indicators, text, symbols, templates, and alerts.
Up to 100 charts can be displayed simultaneously. Charts can be resized and moved. Each chart supports indicators and trendline-based studies that are overlaid on the price bars or plotted in independent inner windows. Colors, fonts, and line thickness can be adjusted to personal preferences.
Indicators.
MetaStock includes over 250 pre-defined indicators. In addition to the pre-defined indicators, users are able to create custom indicators using a spreadsheet-like formula language called the MetaStock Formula Language.
MetaStock includes the following pre-defined indicators:
Scanning and Filtering.
The MetaStock Explorer allows traders to scan through thousands of securities using trading criteria to find the ones that fit their specific strategy. Explorations are written using the MetaStock Formula Language. Traders can base their explorations off of the pre-built criteria included with MetaStock or they can use their own criteria. For example, a pre-built scan is included that shows a report of securities that are trading above their 200-day moving average. Another shows securities that have triggered a buy signal based on the MACD indicator. Explorations can be linked so that the filtered results of one exploration can subsequently be filtered by another.
Backtesting.
The Enhanced System Tester allows traders to create, back-test, compare, and optimize trading strategies before risking money in the markets. System tests are written using an extended version of the MetaStock Formulas Language. Backtesting answers the question, “How much would I make or lose if I traded this security or these securities using these buy and sell rules?” Traders can change and edit conditions such as entry, exit, stops, order sizes, and commissions to make the simulation more realistic. The buy and sell conditions can be optimized in order to show the best performing parameters. For example, by optimizing, a trader can learn which moving average performed the best for IBM over the last five years.
Automated Chart Analysis.
The Expert Advisor reveals the interpretive analysis of industry professionals through alerts, commentary, symbols and trends. MetaStock allows for various types of alerts; from simple price and volume to complex indicator triggers and multiple conditions that show buy and sell signals. The expert commentary offered by MetaStock shows how experts would assess the chart being viewed. For example, a pre-built expert for MetaStock shows how Bollinger Bands would be interpreted according to John Bollinger’s rules. The expert automatically alerts the user to special conditions using buy and sell arrows, text, audio, or video according to the analysis criteria.
Custom Indicators.
The MetaStock indicator builder is a formula writing module with a wide array of math and investing functions. Custom indicators are created by combining one or more formulas written in the MetaStock Formula Language. This language is somewhat similar to Microsoft Excel formulas. Custom indicators can be referenced by system tests, explorations, and expert advisors with the fml() function.
Formula Language.
Custom indicators, system tests, explorations, and expert advisors are written using the MetaStock Formula Language. Loosely patterned after the Microsoft Excel formula language, the MetaStock Formula Language is tailored to the mathematics of technical analysis. There are 267 functions. Formulas can contain up to 2,500 characters (1,024 in the System Tester).
A formula that computes the difference between a 39-day and 200-day simple moving average is shown below:
mov(close, 39, simple) – mov(close, 200, simple)
Formulas can also contain conditional statements using IF/THEN/ELSE as shown below:
If(close > mov(close,200,exponential),1, -1)
This would read as “if the close is greater than a 200-day exponential moving average then plot a 1, else plot a -1.
Formulas can use variables as shown below:
X:= 39;
Y:=200;
mov(close, X, simple) – mov(close, Y, simple)
Formulas can prompt the user for input when plotted as follows:
X:= Input(“How many periods for the moving average?”, 10, 200, 40);
Mov(close,X,simple)
In this example, the variable X can range from 10 to 200; it has a default value of 40. The value represented by the variable X is substituted in the moving average formula.
Forecasting.
A new tool called The Forecaster was introduced with MetaStock version 13.0. This tool uses statistical analysis and other methods to analyze past events in order to forecast future price moves. This power tool is on par with the System Tester, Explorer and Expert Advisor and is accessible from MetaStock's Power Console. The primary mechanism for viewing forecasted prices with The Forecaster is with the patent-pending “Forecast Cloud”. The cloud allows you visualize high probability future price movement through an analysis of price action following past events (i.e.. moving average crossovers, indicator overbought/oversold conditions, candlestick patterns, etc.).
The forecast cloud can be overlaid directly on a chart to help see how the forecast performed in the past following each event. A forecast cloud can be projected beyond the most recent day in order to see projected price movement into the future thereby allowing traders to set profit targets, stops, etc. for better trade management. A detailed statistical report shows specific probabilities for forecasted prices including margin of error, standard deviation and other metrics.
67 built-in Event Recognizers include volatility-based indicators like Bollinger Bands and Chaikin A/D, momentum-based indicators like RSI and Stochastics, trend-based indicators like MACD, a variety of Moving Averages, and popular candlestick patterns.
Data Feeds.
MetaStock uses data feeds provided by Thomson Reuters LLC. The end-of-day software uses Reuters DataLink. Reuters DataLink provides data from all of the world’s major markets including North America, Europe, and Asia. Users can access an unlimited number of instruments for charts, system testing, and explorations. Historical data coverage begins in 1980 for North American equities, indices, and mutual funds and as far back as 1973 for some futures. International data goes back at least five years.
Prior to MetaStock 12.0, MetaStock accessed Thomson Reuter’s BDN (Bridge Data Network) data feed. BDN data was broken into three regional packages: North/South America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Asia/Pacific. All regions came with FOREX data. BDN brought both end-of-day and real-time market data to MetaStock Pro users. Historical data included with BDN went back as far as 25 years. A real time news feed was included with subscriptions. News came from Reuters, Dow Jones, Factiva and hundreds of other sources.
The XENITH real-time datafeed replaced the BDN datafeed beginning with MetaStock Pro 12.0. The XENITH datafeed is a retail variant of the institutional level Eikon datafeed. MetaStock 12.0 continues to work with the Reuters DataLink feed.
File Format.
Data records for MetaStock include up to 11 fields including: Date, Trade time, Name, Ticker, Open price, High price, Low price, Close price, Volume, and Open Interest.
The legacy (pre-12.0) MetaStock file format is a binary file format and originated from the Computrac file format. There are four files associated with the format: MASTER, EMASTER, XMASTER, F*DAT, and F*.MWD.
Prior to version 12.0, MetaStock provided a utility for converting data to and from various formats including ASCII, Excel, Lotus 1-2-3 and TC2000. In Metastock 12 this utility was removed. MetaStock 12 cannot read legacy MetaStock file format files stored locally on the user's drive. MetaStock 12.0 and beyond access data through a live, direct connection from Thomson Reuters feeds (DataLink for end-of-day daily data and XENITH for real-time intraday data).
With MetaStock 13.0, local data access was reintroduced. In addition to accessing live data through a direct connection with Thomson Reuters feeds, MetaStock 13.0 will natively read locally stored Comma-Separated-Value (CSV) files.
Add-Ons.
Add-ons provide additional functionality to MetaStock. Add-ons can include the creator’s trading methodology by adding custom indicators, explorations, system tests, and expert advisors. Many Add-ons provide precise buy/sell signals based on the author’s trading methodology. For example, John Bollinger has created an Add-on that gives buy and sell signals based on his popular Bollinger Bands.
The following are available add-ons for MetaStock:

</doc>
<doc id="9844620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844620" title="Milton lizard">
Milton lizard

The Milton Lizard is a cryptid described as resembling a 15-foot monitor lizard that was sighted at Canip Creek, near the town of Milton, in Trimble County, Kentucky, in the summer of 1975. It is one of the lesser-known mystery animals in the field of cryptozoology.
The creature was first seen in July by Clarence "Toughy" Cable, co-manager of the Blue Grass Body Shop, a junk and wrecking yard located north of Milton. As Cable was walking through the junkyard, he saw the lizard emerge from behind the wrecked vehicles and it hissed at him several times. He said it had "big eyes similar to a frog's... Beneath its mouth was an off-white color and there were black and white stripes cross ways of its body with quarter-sized speckles over it."
Cable's brother Garrett was the next to see the creature on July 27. While working in the junkyard, he saw a pile of old car hoods begin to vibrate and move as the lizard's head and shoulders emerged from underneath the debris. Frightened, he left to get his brother, but when they returned to the area, guns in hand, the creature was gone.
The next day, Cable saw the lizard (or one similar to it) again, except this time it appeared to be larger—nearly 15 feet in length. After throwing a rock at it, the lizard hissed at him and fled into some brush. Cable retrieved a rifle from his house and fired into the brush, but couldn't be certain he killed the creature.
In early August, a search party scoured the area surrounding the Blue Grass Body Shop for any sign of the lizard, but no evidence was found.
During the "Trimble Banner"'s investigation into the sightings, Clarence Cable said the creature looked similar to, but not exactly like, a monitor lizard. He theorized that one of the wrecked vehicles they had acquired in the past from one of the western states contained eggs that hatched in the heat of the junkyard. When wreckage began to be removed in the spring, fewer places existed where the lizard (or lizards) could hide, resulting in the sightings.

</doc>
<doc id="9844641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844641" title="R. v. Marshall">
R. v. Marshall

R. v. Marshall (No. 1) 3 S.C.R. 456 and R. v. Marshall (No. 2) [1999 3 S.C.R. 533 are two decisions given by the Supreme Court of Canada on a single case regarding a treaty right to fish. 
Decision No. 1.
The Court held in the first decision that the famous Donald Marshall's catching and selling of eels was valid under 1760 and 1761 treaties between the Mi'kmaq and Britain, and that federal fishery regulations governing a closed fishing season and the regulating and the requirement of licenses to fish and sell the catch would infringe the treaty right. 
In 1999, the court of appeal heard the Marshall case. The court of appeal indicated that the trial judge had made an error in law and, therefore, overturned the decision. (p. 89) The appeal Judge Justice Binnie stated that the trial judge’s error was in not focusing attention on the Maliseet-British treaty of 1 February 1760. 
Commentary.
Legal Scholar Alex M. Cameron argues that the appeal judge made several errors in law when over-turning the trial court decision. The Supreme Court judge suggested the trial judge had made an error in law by not focusing on the 1 February 1760. Cameron notes that neither the Crown nor Mr. Marshall’s lawyers argued that the document was relevant. As a result, Cameron argues this omission was not an error of the trial judge.
Further, Cameron argues that both courts made an error in law by asserting that they were being asked to decide on the rights of all Mi’kmaq. Cameron identifies that there are multiple treaties signed by different tribes and there is no one treaty that was signed on behalf of all Mi’kmaq tribes. Further, only about half the existing Mi’kmaq bands signed any treaty. However, while the courts were only being asked to decide on the right of an individual Mi’kmaq from Cape Breton, the courts took the liberty to suggest the trial involved the rights of every Mi’kmaq. Such generalizations led the Supreme Court to accept a "Miliseet"-British treaty as applicable to a Mi’kmaq individual from Cape Breton. 
Cameron also argues that the Supreme Court overturned the “statement of facts” that were established by the trial judge, which is not the job of the Supreme Court. The trial court accepted that the Mi’kmaq were negotiating the treaties from a position of weakness and therefore unable to make demands – assert any rights – in relation to trade. In contrast, the appeal judge did accept that the Mi’kmaq were negotiating from a position of strength and therefore, were implicitly, asserting their right to trade.
Cameron also argues that the Supreme Court’s decision was not constitutionally sound. After 1758, whatever treaties a governor made, the treaties needed to be pass through the Legislative Assembly before they would become law. There were no laws passed in Nova Scotia supporting the Treaties of 1760-61 (p. 113-116). The Governor would have no legal authority to entitle or deny native people the right to hunt, fish, and gather for trade. Without laws, the courts are unable to enforce the treaties.
Decision No. 2.
In the second decision the Court elaborated the extension of Aboriginal treaty rights stating that they are still subject to Canadian law. Both decisions proved highly controversial. The first elicited anger from the non-aboriginal fishing community for giving seemingly complete immunity to aboriginals to fish. The second decision, which was claimed to be an "elaboration", was seen as a retreat from the first decision and angered Aboriginal communities. The second decision was issued on a motion for re-hearing the case brought by fishermen's associations in which the court elaborated in particular about such things as the relationship between treaty rights and conservation that had been more implicit in the first decision.

</doc>
<doc id="9844642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844642" title="List of education trade unions">
List of education trade unions

The following is an alphabetical list of education trade unions:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9844649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844649" title="Yemeni President Cup">
Yemeni President Cup

The Yemen President Cup 
is the top knockout tournament of Yemeni football.

</doc>
<doc id="9844701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844701" title="Alliance Graphique Internationale">
Alliance Graphique Internationale

Alliance Graphique Internationale (AGI) is a club of the world’s leading graphic artists and designers. There are 643 members from 36 countries. It is an élite club comprised mostly of men, with just 62 women. Its members have been collectively responsible for the identity design of most of the world's top corporations and institutions as well as for countless examples of globally known packaging, publications, illustration and posters. 
History.
In 1951 two Swiss and three French graphic artists decided to formalise their relationship into a kind of association. In 1952 the Alliance Graphique Internationale was incorporated in Paris with 65 members. The first AGI show was in Paris in 1955. In 1969 the AGI headquarters moved to Zurich.
The most important events of the organisation are the annual AGI Congress and AGI Open that take place in a different country in each year.

</doc>
<doc id="9844735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844735" title="Gender HCI">
Gender HCI

Gender HCI is a subfield of human-computer interaction that focuses on the design and evaluation of interactive systems for humans, with emphasis on differences in how males and females interact with computers.
Examples.
Gender HCI research has been conducted in the following areas (among others): 
Overview.
Gender HCI investigates ways in which attributes of software (or even hardware) can interact with gender differences.
As with all of HCI, Gender HCI is a highly interdisciplinary area. Findings from fields such as psychology, computer science, marketing, neuroscience, education, and economics strongly suggest that males and females problem solve, communicate, and process information differently. Gender HCI investigates whether these differences need to be taken into account in the design of software and hardware.
History.
The term "Gender HCI" was coined in 2004 by Laura Beckwith, a PhD candidate at Oregon State University, and her advisor Margaret Burnett. They discovered that, although there had been some activity that could be characterized as Gender HCI work, people did not know about each other's work. The relevant research reports were isolated and scattered about various fields. Since that time, they and others have worked to help researchers know about each other's work and practitioners to be aware of the findings, so as to allow this area to mature as a subarea of HCI. 
The following are a brief set of milestones in the history of this emerging subarea.
Selected Gender HCI Findings.
Here are some results from the Gender HCI research conducted to date - ordered from most to least recent, within categories: 

</doc>
<doc id="9844754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844754" title="Hungry Audio">
Hungry Audio

Hungry Audio is a Norwich/London based independent record label whose roster includes The Telescopes, Sennen, The Walk Off, The Aprons, Stuffy / The Fuses, My favorite, Mia Vigar and Master Solo.

</doc>
<doc id="9844767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844767" title="Five Star Motel">
Five Star Motel

Five Star Motel is the third studio album by Andy Stochansky.

</doc>
<doc id="9844795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844795" title="Battle of Brody (1941)">
Battle of Brody (1941)

The Battle of Brody (other names in use include Battle of Dubna, Battle of Dubno, Battle of Rovne, Battle of Rovne-Brody) was a tank battle fought between the 1st Panzer Group's III Army Corps and XLVIII Army Corps (Motorized) and five mechanized corps of the Soviet 5th Army and 6th Army in the triangle formed by the towns Dubno, Lutsk, and Brody between 23 and 30 June 1941. It is known in Soviet historiography as a part of the "border defensive battles". Although the Red Army formations inflicted heavy losses on the German forces, they were outmanoeuvred and suffered enormous losses in tanks. Poor Soviet logistics, German Air supremacy as well as a total breakdown in Red Army command and control ensured victory for the Wehrmacht despite overwhelming Red Army numerical and technological superiority. This was one of the most intense armoured engagements in the opening phase of Operation Barbarossa and one of the largest tank battles of World War II.
Prelude.
1st Panzer Group, led by Generaloberst Paul Ludwig Ewald von Kleist, was ordered to secure the Bug River crossings and advance to Rovno and Korosten with the strategic objective of Kiev. It deployed two Corps forward and advanced between Lviv and Rovno in an attempt to cut the Lviv–Kiev railway line, thus driving a wedge along junction point between the Soviet 5th and 6th Armies.
The Southwestern Front, under the command of General Mikhail Kirponos, had received incomplete intelligence on the size and direction of the German attack. They were surprised when Stavka ordered a general counter-attack under the title of directive No. 3 on the authority of Chief of General Staff Georgy Zhukov. Most of the headquarters staff were convinced that the strategy would be to remain in a defensive posture until the situation clarified. Later Hovhannes Baghramyan, a staff officer of the front headquarters who wrote the initial report to Moscow, said that "our first combat report to Moscow was full of generalities and unclear instructions." The general orders of directive No. 3 read:
By the end of 22 June, Zhukov was on his way to the Southwestern Front headquarters at Ternopil along with Nikita Khrushchev, the former head of the Organizational Department of the Ukrainian Communist Party's Central Committee, to ensure these orders were carried out.
Disposition of forces.
Six Soviet mechanized corps, with over 2,500 tanks, were massed to take part in a concentric counter-attack through the flanks of Panzer Group 1. The intention was to later attempt a pincer movement from the north (Soviet 5th Army) and south (6th Army) that met west of Dubno in order to trap units of the 6th and 17th German Armies on the northern flank of Army Group South. To achieve this, the 8th Mechanized Corps was transferred from the command of the 26th Army, positioned to the south of the 6th Army, and placed under the command of N. I. Muzychenko's 6th Army. This essentially brought all the mobile assets of the Southwestern Front to bear against the base of von Kleist's thrust toward Kiev. The primary German infantry formation operating on this sector of the front, IV Army Corps (von Schwedler) of the 17th Army (Carl-Heinrich von Stülpnagel) were advancing south-east with the objective of cutting Lviv-Kiev railway line.
German Armor.
At the beginning of Operation Barbarossa, German armor was composed of a mix of Czech and German tanks, as well as captured French and British tanks, in addition to vehicles supplied by the collaborationist Vichy France. Furthermore, nearly 50% of the tanks deployed by the Wehrmacht were the virtually obsolete Panzer I and Panzer II light tanks. Of the 4000 armored vehicles available to the Wehrmacht, only 1400 were the new Panzer III and Panzer IV. In the first few hours of the invasion, German commanders were shocked to find that some Soviet tanks were immune to all anti tank weapons in use by the Heer.
During pre-war exercises, Heinz Guderian noted that on their own, tanks were very vulnerable to infantry platoons. To destroy a tank on its own, the infantry needed to merely maneuver around to the more vulnverable sides and rear. From these positions, enemy infantry could either destroy the drive sprocket gear completely immobilizing the tank, or simply climb on top and drop a grenade down the hatch (hatches were never locked on any tank due to the need to make a quick escape in the event of a fire). The tank could then be destroyed at leisure. Furthermore, Guderian also noted that tanks lacked the heavy caliber weapons needed to knock out reinforced concrete bunkers and heavily fortified positions, a role that could only be performed by heavy artillery or air strikes. While dispersing tanks among infantry formations solved many of the tank's weaknesses, it also negated all of their strengths. Therefore, German military theorists concluded that to reach their full potential, armored units needed to be concentrated in their own formations and integrated with mobile artillery, mobile infantry, and close air support.
Lastly, Guderian concluded that in order for tanks to be at their peak effectiveness, all armored vehicles must be equipped with radios so that each tank commander can hear instructions from column commander allowing each tank to work with all others in an organized fashion.
Soviet Armor.
At the beginning of June, the Red Army boasted over 10,000 tanks in their inventory, however the vast majority of those were either World War I era tanks, or light tanks such as the T-26 or BT-7. The front armor for the T-26 was just 15mm thick, and the BT-7, just 22mm, offering virtually no protection against any anti tank weapon at any range. Furthermore, the poor design of Soviet shells meant that most rounds shattered on contact, rather than detonating. More modern tanks and shells, such as the KV-1 and the T-34, were only beginning to roll off production lines in Leningrad, Kharkov, and Stalingrad and were not available in anywhere near the numbers that were needed to throw back the German advance. A Russian state television documentary, "Soviet Storm", stated that for Soviet light tanks, it would prove to be a very short, very bloody war.
During the interwar years, far sighted military theorists such as Mikhail Tukhachevsky came to similar conclusions as Heinz Guderian regarding tanks in modern warfare. However old cavalry men such as Semyon Budyonny held favor with Stalin and Tukhachevsky was executed. Budyonny believed that tanks would never replace horses in warfare, and only existed to support infantry platoons in breaking through fortified strong points. Therefore, Red Army tanks were dispersed widely throughout infantry divisions in the 1930s. Then came the shock of the Fall of France. Surviving armored warfare theorists such as Konstantin Rokossovsky were quickly and quietly reinstated in their positions and began assembling tanks into concentrated formations with all possible speed. However, by June 1941 this process was barely half complete, so many of the 10,000 tanks in the Red Army arsenal were still dispersed among infantry divisions on the eve of the invasion. This ensured that even if the Red Army had a unified command, many of its armored units would be committed piece-meal.
German Logistics.
At full strength, a German Panzer Division had between 150 and 200 combat tanks. However, tanks and crews require regular supplies of food, fuel, ammunition, and most critically; spare parts. To support these logistical needs, each panzer division was supported by 2000 trucks. Furthermore, each Panzer division had its own integral artillery and infantry support which meant that rather than providing a supporting role for infantry, German panzers performed a leading role, with infantry providing support. Furthermore, Wehrmacht doctrine stressed the importance of training soldiers in roles performed by other men. Tank crews were trained in artillery roles, infantry trained as tank crews, etc. Most importantly, Tank crews were also trained as mechanics, giving them the knowledge to fix broken equipment in the field.
Soviet Logistics.
At the insistence of Stalin, no defensive preparations were made in the Soviet Union. That meant that ammo and supply dumps were not concealed. Compounding the problem is that Stalin strictly forbid any Red Army unit from opening fire on reconnaissance patrols, allowing the Germans to easily identify all major command posts, air fields, and supply dumps in the border districts. The result of these poor preparations meant that all of these points were all knocked out or heavily damaged by air raids in the opening hours of the war.
Furthermore, Soviet tank crews were not trained on the mechanical details of their machines. That meant that simple mechanical problems resulted in hundreds of Red Army tanks being abandoned on the road side en route to the battle. Those units that did manage to show up at their jumping off points then discovered that the supplies had either been destroyed or moved to another location without updating their locations. After receiving orders to attack and now out of fuel or ammo, the crews of these tanks responded to their orders by blowing up their own vehicles and retreating. Hundreds of additional tanks were lost in this way before joining battle.
Compounding these logistical difficulties was that each Red Army tank division had 300-400 tanks, but were supported by only 1500 trucks, contrasting with a Wehrmacht tank division which had only 150-200 tanks, but 2000 trucks. Experience would prove that the Germans got it right.
Balance of the tank forces.
On 22 June 1941, the balance of tanks over the entire area of the German Army Group South and the Soviet Southwestern Front, including but not limited to the main battle of Brody, was as follows.
Battle in the air.
The condition of the Soviet Air Force assigned to the Southwestern Front followed the pattern of the entire front line: the majority of its aircraft had been destroyed on the ground as a result of Stalin—disregarding intelligence that a German attack was imminent—refusing to put Soviet forces on alert. For example, Lieutenant Arkhipenkos' 17th Fighter regiment were caught on the ground and almost totally destroyed by the third day of the war. The remainder of the regiment, comprising only ten I-153s and one Mig 1, retreated to a reserve airfield near Rovno. Still, the Soviets sent their surviving aircraft to support the offensive.
The air battle resulted in heavy casualties for the attacking Soviets. JG 3, under the command of "Fliegerkorps IV", shot down 24 Tupolev SBs on the first day. Among the casualties was the Commander of 86 SBAP, Podpolkovnik Sorokin. Just 20 of the initial 251 SBs remained with the unit. German losses were also heavy, with 28 destroyed and 23 damaged aircraft (including 8 He 111s and Ju 88s). The efforts of the Red Army Air force were not without effect, as the Southwestern Front air force flew 523 sorties between 22 June and 24 June, dropping 2,500 bombs. Gustav Shrodek, a tank commander of the 15th Panzer regiment (11th Panzer Division), recorded the scene: "At dawn of June 24th, the regiment underwent its first attack by Russian bombers. It shall not be the only one this day; completely the opposite. As a result of this the regiment now has several dead and wounded." Near total Luftwaffe air superiority was to be a major factor in breaking up the Soviet counter-attack.
Mobilization.
The attack combined six mechanized corps under the command 5th Army to the north and the 6th Army to the south, under the general direction of Southwestern Front commander Kirponos. Under the 5th Army command, Konstantin Rokossovsky's 9th and N. V. Feklenko's 19th Mechanized Corps were to be deployed north-west of Rovno, while the 22nd Mechanized Corps was to assemble northeast of Lutsk. To the south, under the command of the 6th Army, Dmitry Ryabyshev's 8th and I. Karpezo's 15th Mechanized Corps were to be deployed to the south-west and north-east of Brody, while The 4th Mechanized Corps under A. Vlasov was to be deployed between Sokal and Radekhiv, on the left flank of the 15th Mechanized Corps. The plan called for these forces to assemble and begin offensive operations at 22:00 on 23 June, 36 hours after the initial German onslaught, in an attempt to catch the attackers off guard, and before they could solidify their position by bringing up reinforcements from the rear in support of their fast-advancing 11th Panzer Division.
Conditions were difficult for the Soviet Corps commanders: loss of communications, constant harassment by the Luftwaffe, lack of transportation, and the movement of large numbers of refugees and retreating soldiers on the roads made it difficult for the counter-attacking forces to assemble at their jumping off points. While communication between the Front headquarters and the individual army commands was generally good, communication to the front-line units was seriously flawed, because it was dependent on the civilian telephone and telegraph network. German sappers, air attacks, and Ukrainian nationalist guerrillas had aggressively targeted these systems. Many Soviet front-line commanders were left to their own devices, and this had an impact on the effectiveness of Soviet command and control. In one instance, the commander to the 41st Tank Division of the 22nd Mechanized Corps, for want of any new directives, moved his division to the designated assembly point for his corps at Kovel laid out in the pre-war plan and, and in so doing, moved his division away from the fighting. Another endemic problem was the lack of transport for the infantry component of the Mechanized Corps. Motorized in name only, many of these divisions had only part of their full transportation establishment. Individual corps commanders had to improvise solutions to bring their full complement of soldiers to their assembly points.
Rokossovsky commandeered 200 trucks from the district reserve at Shepetivka, but this still left him in the position of mounting much of his infantry on tanks. Even then, many soldiers had to walk, since the trucks were carrying critical munitions and supplies. In one case, heavy artillery pieces belonging to the 22nd Mechanized Corps was simply left behind for want of tractors to pull them. The commander of the 19th Mechanized marched his corps forward in two echelons with the tank divisions far in advance of his lagging infantry, which meant that his armored units arrived at the battlefield without infantry support. Ryabyshev, commander of the 8th Mechanized, reported similar problems. His artillery was towed by exceedingly slow tractors that held up the movement of the entire column: "The columns were moving at top speed. Unfortunately, the tractor-towed corps artillery was falling severely behind; the difference in speed was slowing down the overall concentration of forces."
These complications were compounded by the apparent inability of the Soviet commanders to assess an appropriate axis of attack in the context of the rapidly developing German salient. Between 22 June and 24 June, the 8th Mechanized Corps received three different locations for its assembly point: the original order from the Front Command, a new one from the commander of the 6th Army, and on 24 June another order from the Front command. The Corps crossed its own path and backtracked several times before finally arriving at Brody.
Ryabyshev later wrote:
As a result of these and other problems assembling the forces for the attack, the scheduled time for the operation was set back 6 hours to 04:00 on 24 June. By the time this decision was made on the evening 23 June, barely 48 hours since the war had begun, the 11th Panzer Division, with the 16th Panzer Division traveling in its wake, had already penetrated 40 miles into Soviet territory. The 13th and 14th Panzer Divisions were well their way up the road to Lutsk with the objective of reaching the Styr River on the 24th, and the 44th, 298th, and 299th Infantry Divisions were moving up to consolidate the advance. Even with the delayed schedule, the counter-attack began piecemeal, since the full complement of forces could not be brought into position until two days later. The 4th, 8th, 9th, and 19th Mechanized Corps were still on the march and supporting infantry corps were even further away. Kirponos's Chief of Staff, General Maksim Purkayev, argued against the political officer attached to the Southwest Front, Commissar Nikolai Vashugin, on this point but Vashugin and Zhukov won out: the attack would begin without delay. Only two tank divisions of 15th Mechanized Corps in the south and a single tank division of 22nd Mechanized Corps in the north were in position to begin the attack on the 24th.
Soviet counter-attacks.
Three Soviet formations deployed a potent force of modern T-34 and KV tanks: the 4th, 8th, and 15th Mechanized Corps. The 717 such tanks comprosed almost a half of the country's 1,600 production of these two models. Throughout the battles, the scale of the intended operations and the precise role of each corps in the plan were communicated poorly or not at all. Ryabyshev noted that "the Corps battle orders spoke only to its own mission objectives". There was little to no communication between the individual corps to ensure co-ordination.
10th Tank Division.
The Soviet 10th Tank Division was subordinate to 15th Mechanized Corps. On 22 June 1941, the forward battalions captured Radekhiv from the German infantry, losing two tanks. The next day it faced the German 11th Panzer Division there, destroying 20 German tanks and losing 6 T-34 tanks and 20 BT tanks. It withdrew in an orderly fashion for the lack ammunition. On 26 June 1941, the division destroyed 23 German tanks and an infantry battalion near Radekhiv, losing 13 KV and 12 BT-7 tanks.
15th Mechanized Corps.
Commanded by I.I. Karpezo. 
The 15th Mechanized Corps as a whole had 749 tanks, including 136 T-34 and KV tanks. Due to a series of inconsistent orders, the Corps spent the battle moving chaotically in the Radekhiv-Brody-Busk triangle. Except for the two engagements with the 10th Tank Division, its forces were not in combat. On 7 July 1941 it reported in Berezovka ( from the former border) with nine per cent of its tanks.
22nd Mechanized Corps.
Commanded by Major-General S.M. Kondrusev.
On 24 June the 22nd Mechanized Corps attacked towards Vinnitsa. On 29 June it reported as having 19 per cent of its former number of tanks. On 1 July one regiment unsuccessfully attacked toward Dubno. On 15 July 1941 the 22nd MC had 4 per cent its tanks remaining.
19th Mechanized Corps.
Commanded by Major General N.V. Feklenko.
On 26 June it attacked towards Dubno from the north, but failed to reach it by a few kilometers. On 29 June the corps had 32 tanks remaining out of the original 453.
8th Mechanized Corps.
Ryabyshev's 8th Mechanized Corps finally arrived on the scene on the 25th. On 26 June 1941, the 8th Mechanized Corps as a whole successfully attacked in the direction of Brody-Berestechko against parts of the German 11th Panzer Division. Despite haphazard arrangements and difficulties, the Soviet attack met with some initial success, catching the Germans on the move and outside their prepared positions, their tanks sweeping aside hastily arranged German anti-tank positions manned by motorcycle troops attached to the 48th Panzer Corps. Later the 8th MC split, with some amalgamating into Popel's group and a second force remaining under the command of Ryabyshev.
Popel's group.
Popel's group had about 300 tanks, including no less than 100 T-34 and KV tanks. On 27 June, Popel's group surprised and defeated the rears of 11th Panzer Division and captured Dubno, a road crossing of strategic importance. This was the most successful Soviet action of the battle, as it cut off supply lines of the German armoured spearhead (the 11th Panzer Division). However, this was not exploited by Soviet command, who failed to communicate with Popel' and to provide supplies or reinforcements. The group waited in Dubno and prepared for defence, losing the operational initiative.
The situation was considered "serious" by the German high command:
By 28 June the Germans had gathered enormous forces. The Popel's group came under attack by elements of the 16th Motorized, 75th Infantry Division, two other infantry divisions, and the 16th Panzer Division. Encircled in Dubno, Popel' defended until 1 July, when he retreated.
Ryabyshev's group.
Ryabyshev's group had 303 tanks, including 49 T-34 and 46 KV. On 28 June, in an attempt to follow Popel', it met and attacked the German 57th Infantry and 75th Infantry Divisions, as well as elements of 16th Panzer Division. The attack was unsuccessful and the Soviets quickly retreated. On 1 July Ryabyshev reported in Tarnopol with 207 tanks, including 31 T-34 and 43 KV tanks. With no further combat, the 8th MC moved to Koziatyn, where on 7 July 1941 it had 43 tanks – 5 per cent of the pre-war number.
4th Mechanized Corps.
The 4th Mechanized Corps commanded by Andrei Vlasov was the strongest in the Ukraine, having 313 T-34 and 101 KV among its total of 979 tanks. It reacted slowly to orders and failed to assemble for attack. The most it achieved was on 28 June, when it secured the retreat of 15th Mechanized Corps from the pushing German infantry. Whilst not attacking or being attacked, the corps reported it retained no more than 6 per cent of its KV tanks, 12 per cent of its T-34 tanks, and 4 per cent of its light tanks on 12 July.
Besides these, there were no more notable Soviet counter-attacks in this battle.
Decision, indecision, and confusion of command: the historical debate.
The impact of the hesitation and confusion of command on the 27th of June on the outcome of the battle and the German attack into Ukraine is hard to determine.
When the Soviet forces took Dubno and cut off the leading edge of the main German attack, Kirponos thought that the same German attack threatened to outflank and encircle the Soviet forces attacking from the south. This led him to order a halt to the offensive and a general retreat in order rationalize (shorten) his front line, "so as to prevent the enemy tank groupings from penetrating into the rear of the 6th and 26th Armies", according to H. Baghramyan.
After a debate with the Front commander and his staff, Georgy Zhukov quickly had these orders countermanded; orders for a renewed attack were issued two hours later. This led to even more of the confusion that was symptomatic of the Soviet command at the Battle of Brody. Rokossovsky, who was in command of the 9th Mechanized Corps attacking from the north, simply balked at these new orders, stating that "we had once again received an order to counter-attack. However, the enemy outnumbered us to such a degree, that I took on the personal responsibility of ordering a halt to the counteroffensive and to meet the enemy in prepared defenses". Meanwhile, Ryabyshev commanding the 8th Mechanized Corps to the south, complied with the order and remounted the attack.
Ryabyshev seems to take the position held by Zhukov at the time, which is that if the attack had continued aggressively and without delay, the Soviets might have been successful. However, subsequent events seem to vindicate Kirponos's position, which was that the attack was premature and would destabilize the solvency of the entire front. Shortly after the Soviet counter-attack was routed, Marshal Semyon Budyonny was given overall command of the combined Southwestern and Southern Front. Disaster unfolded at the Battle of Uman and 100,000 Soviet soldiers were killed or captured and another 100,000 wounded when three Red Army formations; the 26th, 12th and 18th army were encircled after Army Group South renewed its attack by pivoting south from the positions it had achieved during the Battle of Dubno—an outcome that Kirponos had foreshadowed in his arguments with Zhukov about the wisdom of the counter-attack at Dubno.
The confrontation between Kirponos and Zhukov led Zhukov to tell the Southwestern Front political officer, Nikita Khrushchev, "I am afraid your commander (Kirponos) here is pretty weak", a charge that Kirponos would never be able to answer, since he died in the battle of Kiev after it was surrounded.
Summary.
The battle between Panzer Group 1 and the Soviet mechanized corps was the fiercest of the whole invasion, lasting four full days. The Soviets fought furiously and crews of German tank and anti-tank guns found to their horror that the new Soviet T-34 tanks were almost immune to their weapons. The new KV-1 and KV-2 heavy tanks were impervious to virtually all German anti-tank weapons, but the Red Army's logistics had completely broken down due to "Luftwaffe" attacks.
The German "Kampfgeschwader" bomber wings, namely KG 51, KG 54, and KG 55, contributed a series of heavy low-level attacks against Soviet ground targets. The headquarters of the Soviet 15th Mechanised Corps was destroyed, and its commander, General-Major Ignat Karpezo, was wounded. The Luftwaffe destroyed some 201 Soviet tanks in this area.
The five Red Army corps were mishandled while being concentrated into large powerful groups. The German troops sought to isolate individual units and destroy them. Meanwhile the Luftwaffe ranging over the battlefields was able to separate the supporting infantry and deny them resupply of fuel and ammunition. Ultimately due to lack of adequate planning and overall coordination, the Soviet counter-attack failed to meet at Dubno.
After the battle.
Panzer Group 1 took a severe battering in the battles around Dubno, losing many of its tanks, but it survived the battle still capable of operations. The Soviet forces took severe casualties, rendering most of its forces non-operational. This defensive success enabled the Germans to continue their offensive, even if it had been delayed substantially by the tenacity of the Soviet counter-attack. The 8th mechanized core was so badly depleted, that the Stavka disbanded its headquarters and parceled out its remaining assets to other formations of the Southwestern Front.

</doc>
<doc id="9844796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844796" title="Conductive Education School, Kuwait">
Conductive Education School, Kuwait

The Conductive Education School, Kuwait (abbreviated CESK) was established in September 2003 to offer educational and rehabilitation services for students with special needs (including Autistic Spectrum Disorders, Global Development Delay, Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder, Down syndrome, genetic conditions and complex disorders) and in particular children and young adults with neurological motor disabilities and related conditions. 
The school's aim is to enable students to function more independently at home, in educational environments, at work and in community settings. This reduces their dependency on others in essential everyday activities and makes constructive steps towards integration into society. The school is one of several that are owned by Afaq Company for Educational Services, is the second largest conductive school in the world and the first in the Arab regions. It received the First Stage of the Inclusion and Quality Mark (IQM) from the Special and Inclusive Services (SIS), UK.
The Conductive System of Education (as originally developed by the Peto Institute in Hungary), the English National Curriculum are delivered with Arabic and Islamic studies. Specialist services available include speech therapy, psychology, a social worker and extra curricula activities for registered and private students.
Facilities include a swimming pool, sensory room, conductive classrooms, special needs classrooms, TV/media rooms, computer lab, music room, library, life skills rooms, meeting room, covered play area, gardens, air conditioning, full wheelchair access, lifts, assistive IT technology, toilets for the disabled, transportation services between home and school.
The international staff group comprises professionals from Europe, America, Middle East/Gulf Region, Asia, Africa and South America including British, Americans, Canadians and Hungarians.
The school’s academic year runs from September to June and the school day for pupils is from 7.30am until 1pm from Saturday to Wednesday. Religious and national holidays are observed, with a mid-year break and summer holiday.

</doc>
<doc id="9844797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844797" title="Boinka, Victoria">
Boinka, Victoria

Boinka is a locality situated on the section of the Mallee Highway between Ouyen and the South Australian border in the Sunraysia region of Victoria, Australia. The place by road is situated about 4 kilometres east from Tutye and 8 kilometres west from Linga.
The name Boinka meant "flat black beetle" in the language of the indigenous people of Lake Hindmarsh.
The location has a rich history of settlement and is the subject of a photograph collection within the archives of the Museum of Victoria. The Boinka State School (No 3800) is listed as a part of Heritage Victoria, owned by the Crown Reserve and managed by Rural City Council of Mildura. The township was established in the early 1910s and the Post Office opened on 15 July 1912 when a regular mail service was provided by the opening of the railway from Ouyen to Murrayville a month earlier. The office closed in 1975.
The Landcare Group area of concern, which in total takes in 319,175 hectares including 985 kilometres of roadside in the central west of the Mallee Region.
Unique facts.
Boinka is listed within the Victorian Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988 as being one of only two places where "Pale Myoporum (Myoporum brevipes Benth.)", a recumbent or erect shrub of up to 2 metres in height (widespread in South Australia), is known to grow indigenously outside of that location.

</doc>
<doc id="9844806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844806" title="Anacardium excelsum">
Anacardium excelsum

Anacardium excelsum (wild cashew or espavé) is a tree in the flowering plant family Anacardiaceae. The tree is common in the Pacific and Atlantic watersheds of Central and South America, found as far north as Guatemala and extending south into Ecuador.
The wild cashew is a closely related species within the same genus as the cashew. It is a large evergreen tree growing to 45 m tall, with a straight, rose-hued trunk reaching 3 m in diameter. The leaves are simple, alternate, oval-shaped, 15–30 cm long and 5–12 cm broad. The flowers are produced in a panicle up to 35 cm long, each flower small, pale green to white. Older flowers turn pink and develop a strong clove-like fragrance.
The true fruit is a 2–3 cm long drupe shaped like a kidney. Maturation occurs in March, April, and May. When uncooked, the fruit is poisonous. The nut may, however, be eaten after it is roasted.

</doc>
<doc id="9844839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844839" title="100 (Andy Stochansky album)">
100 (Andy Stochansky album)

100 is the fourth studio album by Andy Stochansky. It was produced by Goo Goo Dolls front-man Johnny Rzeznik.

</doc>
<doc id="9844840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844840" title="Severstal North America">
Severstal North America

Severstal North America is a subsidiary of the Russian Severstal Group which operates an integrated steel mill Severstal Dearborn located at the Rouge Complex in Dearborn, Michigan. The Severstal Dearborn facility was formerly known as Rouge Steel.
Severstal North American also operates a mini-mill, Severstal Columbus in Columbus, Mississippi. 
Severstal N.A. also works with smaller steel companies in the Detroit area. Some of those companies are Caine Steel of Michigan, New Technologies, and Continental Steel Corporation. These companies distribute steel throughout the region.
In a column in the March–April 2012 issue of UAW Local 600 Facts it is mentioned that the Severstal Dearborn Pickle Line Tandem Cold Mill is able to produce Advanced High-Strength Steel which is growing in use by the automotive industry.

</doc>
<doc id="9844847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844847" title="U.S. Route 2 Truck (St. Johnsbury, Vermont)">
U.S. Route 2 Truck (St. Johnsbury, Vermont)

U.S. Route 2 Truck (US 2 Truck) is a truck route used to divert heavy truck traffic around the town of St. Johnsbury in the U.S. state of Vermont.
Route description.
US 2 Truck begins at the interchange of Interstate 91 (I-91) and US 2 in St. Johnsbury. It travels to the south-southeast, concurrent with I-91, in the southern part of the city. The two routes have an interchange with US 5. Then, they cross over the Passumpsic River and leave the city limits of St. Johnsbury. They reach an interchange with I-93. At this interchange, US 2 Truck ends its concurrency with I-91, and begins one with I-93 to the northeast. I-93/US 2 Truck travel concurrently for one exit, an interchange with Vermont Route 18 (VT 18). At this interchange, US 2 Truck ends its concurrency with I-93, and begins a brief one with VT 18. The two highways have an intersection with US 2 on the northeastern edge of the city limits of St. Johnsbury. At this intersection, both US 2 Truck and VT 18 terminate.
Truck weight originally limited to 80,000 Pounds.
Since the truck route utilizes two Interstate Highways, the maximum weight limit allowed was the same as the Interstates in Vermont, which was . This posed a problem for local trucks loaded with logs and wood chips. Their weight typically exceeds Interstate limits, but is still within the limits for state and U.S. highways. This created a situation where the most dangerous and difficult-to-handle trucks were forced to use the main US 2 route through downtown St. Johnsbury. Signs at the junctions of Truck Route 2 and US 2 warned commercial drivers that the weight limits were limited to those on the Interstate Highway System.
Downtown St. Johnsbury via US 2.
Navigating a semi-trailer truck through downtown St. Johnsbury via US 2 is tricky at best and dangerous at worst, with several sharp turns on narrow, downtown streets with one very steep grade involved on Eastern Avenue. The truck route was designated in an attempt to alleviate the truck traffic in the congested downtown area, which includes the campus of St. Johnsbury Academy, a private secondary school.
"St. Johnsbury officials still hope to persuade the state to increase weight limits on Interstates in an effort to keep 18-wheelers away from St. Johnsbury Academy. Selectmen contend heavy trucks passing through the Academy campus present a danger to students, and a nuisance for drivers."
Interstate weight limit increased to 100,000 pounds.
Federal legislation authored by U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) included Vermont in a pilot program to allow Interstate weight limits to be increased for a period of one year, with evaluation of the program to follow. Vermont's state legislature quickly authored a measure to allow the heavier limits, which was signed into law by the governor on January 13, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9844870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844870" title="Lady Charles Bentinck">
Lady Charles Bentinck

Lady Charles Bentinck (1788 – 19 March 1875), born Anne Wellesley, and previously (between 1806 and 1816) known as Lady Abdy, was a British aristocrat and a great-great-grandmother of Queen Elizabeth II.
Background.
Bentinck was a daughter of Richard Wellesley, 1st Marquess Wellesley, and his mistress, Hyacinthe-Gabrielle Roland, an actress at the Palais Royal for many years. Her paternal grandparents were Garret Wesley, 1st Earl of Mornington, and Anne Hill, daughter of Arthur Hill-Trevor, 1st Viscount Dungannon. Her paternal uncles included Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington; William Wellesley-Pole, 3rd Earl of Mornington; and Henry Wellesley, 1st Baron Cowley. Her parents were married six years after her birth, on 29 March 1794, at which point she was legitimized.
Marriages and children.
On 3 July 1806 Anne married her first husband, Sir William Abdy, 7th Baronet. Their marriage lasted nine years, but remained childless.
Abdy had introduced her to his friend Lord Charles Bentinck, a younger son of former British Prime Minister William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland. At some point during her first marriage, Anne and Lord Charles became lovers. They eloped on 5 September 1815, following which Abdy brought a suit for criminal conversation (crim.con. in Regency parlance) for 30,000 pounds, but won only 7,000 pounds in damages. During the discussion of the divorce bill, the customary provision against remarriage was struck out in the House of Lords. Lady Abdy (or rather, her husband Sir William Abdy) was granted a divorce on 25 June 1816. Anne and Lord William were married on 23 July 1816, enabling their first child (which she was expecting) to be born legitimate three weeks later. They had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="9844887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844887" title="Uzbekistan Cup">
Uzbekistan Cup

The Uzbek Cup (‘zbekiston Kubogi" or Ўзбекистон Кубоги) is the top knockout tournament in Uzbek football (soccer).
Previous champions.
All champions as Uzbek SSR in Soviet times:
These are all the Uzbek champions since the country's independence in 1992.
List of finals.
The following is a collection of all finals including goal scorers.

</doc>
<doc id="9844938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844938" title="Shah Mir">
Shah Mir

Shams-ud-Din Shah Mir Swati (reigned 1339–42) was a ruler of Kashmir and the founder of the Shah Miri dynasty named after him. Sams'd-Din (ruled 1339-1342) also Dhams-ud-din and Shah Mir, was the first Muslim ruler of Kashmir of Afghan origin and founder of the Shah Mir Dynasty.
Jonaraja, in his "Dvitīyā Rājataraṅginī" mentioned him as Sahamera. He came from Swat according to some sources. However, Jonaraja a credible historian informs us that Shahmir was not from Swat so some historians say he was not from Swat but was a Kshatriya descended from Arjuna whose ancestors had taken up Islam.
Rinchan from Ladakh, and Lankar Chak from Dard territory near Gilgit came to Kashmir, and played a notable role in the subsequent political history of the valley. All the three men were granted Jagirs by the King Rinchan for three years became the ruler of Kashmir, Shah Mir was the first rular of Shah mir dynasty, which had established in 1339.
Early life.
During the reign of Sehadeva (1301-?), a Tatar chief Dulucha invaded Kashmir and ravaged it. King Sehadeva fled the country and his general Ramachandra occupied the throne. In the confusion Rinchan (reigned 1320–23), the Ladhaki prince,organised an internal rising and seized the throne. He married Kota Rani, the daughter of Ramachandra. The Hindu religious leaders of the time refused to admit into their fold. Rinchan embraced Islam and took Muslim name of Sultan Sadruddin. He was attacked by rebels and was badly wounded and died in 1323 A.D. Just before his death Sultan Sadruddin (Rinchan) summoned his trusted minister, Shah Mir, and entrusted his son, Hyder, and wife, Kotarani, to his care. He had a son, Haidar by his queen Kota Rani. After the death of Rinchan, who was assassinated, Kotarani married Udayana Deva, the brother of Sehadava.
The last Hindu ruler of Kashmir was Udyana Deva. It was his chief Queen Kotarani, who practically governed the state. She was a very brave lady, shrewd and an able ruler. Though she tried her best to save her Kingdom, odds were too heavy for her. The valley was again invaded by a Mongol and Turk invader Achalla, and Udayana Deva fled to Tibet. But the Queen defeated (killed) Achalla and drove away all the foreign troops.
Finally another rising was led by Shah Mir, who defeated the queen at Jayapur (modern Sumbal). The defeat upset her and seeing the indifference of the Hindu grandees and general public, she stabbed herself to death, because Shah Mir wanted to marry her. Her death in 1339 paved the way for the establishment of Shah miri dynasty rule in Kashmir.
The descent of Shahmiri dynasty is well documented from Hindu (Jonaraja) Kshatriyas. After the fall of their empire the descendants disseminated to various areas in the valley like the saffron town in Pampore (Numlabal) while others settled in Srinagar. Shahmiris are still looked at as royal elites and generally live in palatial houses in Srinagar that were built in Victorian style architecture back in the 19th century.
The first Sufi saint who reached Kashmir, during the time of King Sehdev, was Sayed Sharafuddin Bulbul Shah from Turkey. That very time a rebel prince from Tibet, Rinchan, and a Muslim Warlord Shah Mir, arrived in Kashmir.
Descendants.
As listed in the Rajataranginis he was succeeded by Jamshed 1342-1344, Alau-ud-Din 1344-1355, Shahab-ud-Din 1355-1373, Qutub-ud-Din 1373-1389, Sikandar Butshikan the book-burner 1389-1413, Alishah 1413-1419, Zain-ul-Abdin 1420-1470, Haidershah 1470-1472, Hassanshah 1472-1484, Mohammadshah 1484-1486, Fatehshah 1486-1495 Mohammadshah 1495-1496, Fatehshah 1496-1497, Mohammadshah 1497-1509, Ibrahimshah (s/o Mohammadshah) 1509 Nazukshah (s/o Fatehshah) 1529 (one year), Mohammadshah 1530-1535.

</doc>
<doc id="9844940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844940" title="Princess Christian Maternity Hospital">
Princess Christian Maternity Hospital

Princess Christian Maternity Hospital is a Hospital in Freetown, Sierra Leone nicknamed the 'Cottage Hospital'. On May 2006 Ahmad Tejan Kabbah re-opened the hospital alongside Connaught Hospital. 
References.
Sign outside the Princess Christian Maternity Hospital in Freetown.

</doc>
<doc id="9844967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844967" title="Katannilik Territorial Park Reserve">
Katannilik Territorial Park Reserve

Katannilik Territorial Park Reserve ("the place of waterfalls") is a territorial park in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It was established in 1993 and has an area of . The Soper River, part of the Canadian Heritage Rivers System, flows through the park.

</doc>
<doc id="9844973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9844973" title="Berthold von Deimling">
Berthold von Deimling

Berthold Karl Adolf von Deimling (21 March 1853, Karlsruhe, Grand Duchy of Baden – 3 February 1944) was a general officer of the German Army during World War I.
Deimling entered the army in 1871, following the Franco-Prussian War, and after working on the General Staff and in German South-West Africa rose to command a brigade of infantry in 1907. 
On the outbreak of the First World War, Deimling was in command of the XV Corps along the Swiss border and commanded them during the Battle of Mulhouse. He would later command forces in the First Battle of Ypres, the Battle of Verdun and the Battle of the Somme. He was awarded the Pour le Mérite on 28 August 1916.
After the war Deimling became a committed pacifist and a member of the board of directors of the German Peace Society (DFG). He was a member of the German Democratic Party. He died in Baden-Baden.

</doc>
<doc id="9845005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845005" title="Seth Michael Donsky">
Seth Michael Donsky

Seth Michael Donsky is an American filmmaker, screenwriter and journalist.
Biography.
Donsky was born in Champaign, Illinois to Aaron Donsky and Wendy Arbit. He was raised by his mother and stepfather James Hite in Riverside, CA. He holds an MFA in Film from Columbia University where he twice received the Dean's Fellowship. He currently lives in New York. He wrote and directed the feature film "Twisted" and the short film "Loopy", his thesis film for graduation from Columbia. 
He was selected to direct two commercial spots, "Love Thy Neighbor" and "History of the Movies", as one of ten national finalists for the 2000 and the 2003 Coca-Cola Refreshing Filmmaker's Award Contest.
He has taught screenwriting at the New York Film Academy and was chairman of the screenwriting department from 2004-2006. He currently teaches at The Art Institute of New York City and is also a visiting adjunct in the MFA Screenwriting Program at Hollins University.
In 2008, he collaborated with the Calgary Men's Chorus writing and narrating their adaption of "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens.
As a journalist he contributes regularly to "Gotham Magazine" and "Los Angeles Confidential" magazine. He has also contributed articles to womansday.com, the online version of Elle Decor and at pointclickhome.com, the online site for "Metropolitan Home" and to the "Edge", an online LGBT portal.
His 2009 "New York Press" cover feature "The Trouble With Safe Sex". The article was reprinted in "Cleis Press" after choosing it in its special series "Best Sex Writing of 2010".
His 2010 "New York Press" cover feature "Free at Las$t" about debtors anonymous in New York City was recognized for excellence in coverage of business and financial news by the New York Press Association and prominently featured in the March/April 2011 Issue of "Utne Reader". His work was also honored in the New York Press Association's 2010 Better Newspaper Contest for Excellence in Journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="9845038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845038" title="Static apnea">
Static apnea

Static apnea is a discipline in which a person holds their breath (apnea) underwater for as long as possible, and need not swim any distance. Static apnea is defined by the International Association for Development of Apnea (AIDA International) and is distinguished from the Guinness World Record for breath holding underwater, which allows the use of oxygen in preparation. It requires that the respiratory tract be immersed, with the body either in the water or at the surface, and may be performed in a pool or open water (sea, lake, river, etc.). Static apnea is the only AIDA International discipline measuring duration, and one of the three disciplines considered for the international competitions by team, with constant weight and dynamic with fins.
With pure oxygen.
There is a variation of the static apnea discipline where its possible to pre-breathe 100% oxygen for up to 30 minutes prior to the breathhold. This is not part of formal competitions, but is occasionally used to set individual records.

</doc>
<doc id="9845050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845050" title="Prostki">
Prostki

Prostki (German "Prostken") is a village in Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Prostki. It lies approximately south of Ełk and east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Before 1945 the area was part of Germany (East Prussia).
In 1656 the Battle of Prostken was fought nearby.
In 2006 the village had a population of 2,541.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9845094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845094" title="Tanja Wedhorn">
Tanja Wedhorn

Tanja Wedhorn (* 14 December 1971 in Witten) is a German actress. She studied acting at the Berlin University of the Arts and lives in Berlin. She has one son. 
Tanja Wedhorn became famous for her performance in the leading role of Germany's first telenovela "Bianca - Wege zum Glück". The show was broadcast in Germany in 2004 and 2005 by the public broadcasting station ZDF. 
She received a Golden Romy in Austria in 2005 in the category "Most Popular Actress".

</doc>
<doc id="9845101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845101" title="Nobushige Kumakubo">
Nobushige Kumakubo

Born to a wealthy family who owned a large portion of land in the Fukushima countryside, with the easy accessibility of the family plot, Kumakubo was able to use some of it to build and develop the Ebisu Circuit.
Kumakubo also used the circuit to host numerous drifting events as well as various motorsport events. As the lead driver of Team Orange, as his car has always been orange, he started at the D1GP series in a Nissan Silvia, in , 
whilst stumbling through the numerous rallying magazines in his office and considering that the Subaru Impreza was the car to have as many rear wheel drive cars were considered not suitable for drifting or in need of development to be considered suitable, also in a way to bring Impreza owners to his track, Kumakubo commissioned tuning company JUN Auto to build an Impreza WRX STI Impreza, significantly with a radiator on the rear passenger side.
The car debuted at the Odaiba round, unlike others who switched to newer models, his performance would pay off when he was runner up at the Silverstone exhibition round and for the season, he had beaten Ken Nomura by just 1 point. Midway through the D1 series Kumakubo switched from the Impreza to an Evo 9 (built also by JUN Auto) during round 5 at Ebisu.
He has also built a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution X in the Team Orange livery which was on show at Tokyo Auto Saloon.
He also runs the Big X the invitation only outdoor show that combines drifting, FMX, supermoto, car stunts and other extreme sports featuring the experts from each field.
Big X's drifting squad is called DriftXtreme, which the well known drivers of the D1GP are invited to join including team mate Kazuhiro Tanaka and Naoto Suenaga.
Kumakubo is currently competing in the European Drift Championship in his Subaru Impreza WRX STI. His Team Orange teammate Kazuhiro Tanaka is also competing.

</doc>
<doc id="9845112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845112" title="Rhodococcus fascians">
Rhodococcus fascians

Rhodococcus fascians (known as Corynebacterium fascians until 1984) is a Gram positive bacterial phytopathogen that causes leafy gall disease. "R. fascians" is the only phytopathogenic member of the "Rhodococcus" genus; its host range includes both dicotyledonous and monocotyledonous hosts. Because it commonly afflicts tobacco ("Nicotiana") plants, it is an agriculturally significant pathogen.
Physiology and morphology.
"R. fascians" is an aerobic, pleiomorphic, actinomycete that is nonmotile and does not form spores. When grown on the surface of an agar plate, colonies are orange in color and appear both smooth or rough.
Virulence.
"R. fascians" can be a pathogen of plants, both angiosperm or gymnosperm. Infected plants show typical symptoms, such as leaf deformation, witches broom and leaf gall, which development depends on the plant's cultivar, plant's age, and the bacterial strain.
Leaf deformation consists of widening of parenchyma and growth of vascular system, resulting in wrinkling of laminae and widening of veins. Leafy gall is a gall originated from a bud which would not develop under normal conditions.
All effects coming from the infection of "R. fascians" do not depend on plant cells transformation (as for Agrobacterium tumefaciens or Agrobacterium rhizogenes), but on expression of virulence-related genes of bacterium and on the production of compounds that can interfere with normal plant growth and development. During the infection, "R. fascians" usually stays outside vegetal tissues, near a junction or cavity of a plant's cell walls, maybe to avoid environmental stresses. Presence of "R. fascians" was also observed in intercellular spaces inside tissues (in leaf or galls) and even inside cell walls. Presence of "R. fascians" on the infected plant is necessary, not only for the initiation of infection, but also for its maintenance.
Genes that control virulence.
Virulence in "R. fascians" is controlled by genes on a plasmid (strains lacking that plasmid are not virulent) and on the chromosome. Using deletion mutations, it was possible to identify three loci on the plasmid: "fas", "att", and "hyp", and one locus on the chromosome, "vic".
The "fas" is an operon made of six genes (orf 1-6) and a regulatory gene, "fasR". Because deletions of some "fas" genes give a non-virulent phenotype, for fas a main role in virulence was proposed . Gene "fasR" is an araC-like transcriptional regulator. Its transcription can be induced "in vitro" in cultures containing certain carbon sources (such as glucose, sucrose, arabinose, glycerol, pyruvate, mannitol, mannose) or nitrogen sources (such as histidine), and is influenced by culture pH and optical density. Also, fasR can be induced by gall extract created by virulent strain.
The operon codifies for genes involved in cytokinin synthesis and degradation (orf 4,5,6), in particular for an isopentenyl transferase, a cytokinin oxidase and a glutation-s transferase.
The orf1,2,3 transcribe for a cytochrome 450, a ferridoxine containing also a pyruvate dehydrogenase alfa-like domain and a pyruvate dehydrogenase beta subunit. It was supposed that the first three genes supply energy for the synthesis and degradation of cytokinin, performed by the last three genes of the operon: "R. fascians" can actually produce and degradate zeatin and isopentenil adenine.
The compound cytokin oxidase(orf4) can also create adenine with a reactive nitrogen in position 6, which can react with other lateral chains, to form cytokininn-like compounds, more efficient in inducing plant tissue growth.
The "att" is an operon composed of nine genes: "attR", a transcriptional regulator, "attX", a gene including domains for transmembrane localization (perhaps needed for exportation of compounds made by other "att" genes), and several genes "attA"-"attH". Many point and Δ"att" mutants show an attenuated virulence.
Gene "attR" is a transcriptional factor including a helix-turn-helix motif. Its transcription is regulated by the same factors that regulate "fasR" transcription, but with a higher intensity, suggesting, with the attenuation of virulence in "att" mutants, that "att" may regulate fas transcription. Transcription of "att" operon is regulated with a quorum-sensing mechanism: indeed, density of cultures can influence transcription of "attR", and leafy gall extracts coming from galls made by "att" mutant strains are less effective on transcription of "attR".
Genes "attA"-"attH" may be involved in synthesis of compounds needed for transcription of "attR" and "attX". In fact, "attA", "attD" & "attH" are involved in betalactamase synthesis, but no traces of those compounds were found in culture supernatants.
The "hyp" codifies for an RNA-helicase; mutants for this gene are hypervirulent. Also, "hyp" is involved in post transcriptional control of virulence-related genes, maybe on "fas" products.
Operon "vic" is an operon made of five genes, located on the bacterial chromosome. The only known gene is "vicA", the fourth gene in the operon, whose product is a Mas homologue, a protein needed for the switch from citric acid cycle to glyoxylate cycle, both for metabolic reasons and to avoid glyoxylate accumulation, which is toxic for the bacteria. Mutations in "vicA" reduce virulence due to incapacity of "R. fascians" to resist glyoxylate accumulation.
Induction of transcription in infected plant.
In tobacco, infection of "R. fascians" leads to hyperexpression of a cytochrome P450, homologue to a gene involved in inactivation of abscisic acid in "Arabidopsis thaliana", of a gibberellic acid oxidase, which inactivates this hormone and its precursors, a proline dehydrogenase, which has its transcription induced by cytokinin and turns proline into glutamic acid, and a factor involved in molybdenum cofactor, needed for sulfur, carbon and nitrogen metabolism control and for abscisic acid synthesis.
Role of phytohormones during infection.
All the effects of "R. fascians" infection can be attributed to hormone hyperdosage. In particular, most of the effects are connected to auxin and cytokinin, such as: formation of green islands on leaves, wrinkling of laminae, bud proliferation, delay of senescence, and inhibition of lateral roots. In fact, "R. fascians" can produce itself cytokinin, or cytokinin-like compounds: using "orf4" and "orf5" in the "fas" operon, it can stimulate infected plants to produce cytokinin, and it can produce indole-3-acetic acid itself, using a pathway starting from tryptophan and passing through production of 3-indol-piruvic acid and 3-indol-acetaldeid. "R.fascians" can also degradate cytokinin to influence the cytokinin/auxin ratio.
Beside cytokinin and auxin, "R. fascians" acts on other hormones: in particular, it can block abscisic acid and gibberellic acid synthesis in infected plants. Abscisic acid represses growth, so a block of production is needed to allow proliferation of cells in leafy galls. Gibberellic acid controls cellular differentiation, so its block is needed for maintenance of meristematic cells and for their proliferation.
Plant diseases.
"R. fascians" causes diseases in several host plants including tobacco, small fruits (caneberries, strawberries) and ornamental plants (butterfly flowers, "Primula", kalanchoes, "Impatiens", geraniums, carnations)

</doc>
<doc id="9845185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845185" title="Kirby Higbe">
Kirby Higbe

Walter Kirby Higbe (April 8, 1915 – May 6, 1985) was an American right-handed starting pitcher in Major League Baseball from to . He was a two-time All-Star. He was born in and died in Columbia, South Carolina.
Career.
Higbe began his MLB career in 1937 with the Chicago Cubs before being traded to the Philadelphia Phillies in the middle of the season. A hard thrower, he was selected to the All-Star team in . Following the season, he was traded again, this time to the Brooklyn Dodgers. He enjoyed his most successful season in when he went 22–9, tying teammate Whit Wyatt for the league lead in wins and finishing seventh in the MVP voting.
After the season, Higbe joined the United States Army. Initially assigned to the military police, he soon received training as a rifleman and saw combat in Germany. In 1945, Higbe and his fellow soldiers went to the Philippines; however, when they arrived there, they learned that Japan had surrendered. Nonetheless, he stayed in Manila until March 1946, at which point he finally returned to the United States. That year, he posted a 17–8 record and made his second All-Star appearance (where he gave up a home run to Ted Williams), but the Dodgers lost the National League pennant to the eventual world champion St. Louis Cardinals.
Higbe stayed in Brooklyn until just after the start of the campaign, when he was traded with four other players (one of whom was future Major League manager Gene Mauch) to the Pittsburgh Pirates in exchange for Al Gionfriddo. The reason for this trade was his refusal to play alongside Jackie Robinson. Before the season, Higbe joined Bobby Bragan, Dixie Walker, and Carl Furillo in boycotting Robinson; all except Furillo were Southerners. Higbe, who claimed that he had developed his arm throwing rocks at blacks while growing up in South Carolina, told Brooklyn general manager Branch Rickey that he would rather not play with a "negruh". When Rickey threatened to trade anyone who refused to play with Robinson, Bragan and Walker relented. Higbe, however, refused to budge on the issue, resulting in his trade to the Pirates. 
While Higbe began the 1947 season with a 2–0 record for the eventual NL champion Dodgers; after his trade to Pirates he collapsed to 11–17. He was traded during the season, to the New York Giants, with whom he finished his MLB career. He played in the minor leagues until 1953. 
He died in 1985 and was buried in Columbia's Elmwood Cemetery.
In the 2013 film "42", Higbe is portrayed by Brad Beyer.

</doc>
<doc id="9845189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845189" title="Kpana Lewis">
Kpana Lewis

Kpana Lewis (April 19, 1830 – May 10, 1912) was a Sherbro chief from Sierra Leone and an opponent of colonial rule of the British. He exercised strong influence over all Sherbro chiefs. Part of his fame rested in his pervasive use of the Poro Secret society to oppose the British colonialists. He was considered so powerful that, while Bai Bureh was allowed to return from exile after the 1898 Rebellion, Kpana Lewis continued to be held in exile in the Gold Coast (now Ghana), where he died in 1912.
Early life and leadership.
Kpana Lewis was born in 1830 in Sherbro Island in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone to a politically dominant family of the Sherbro aristocracy. His grandfather, Bai Kong Kuba Lewis was the most dominant king among all of the Sherbro people. Kong Kuba Lewis signed a treaty ceding Sherbro country to the British in 1825, but the British did not exercise any direct authority over the Sherbros until the end of the century. Kpana Lewis assumed the leadership of the Sherbro people in 1879, after his father died. As a leader, Kpana Lewis was able to bring quite a few of the county back under the authority of the Sherbro. This he did by using the enormous power of the Poro Secret Society, of which he was a leading member. Poro is reported to have spread into the interior of Sierra Leone from Yoni on Sherbro Island, which was the capital of the Sherbro Kingdom and where Kpana Lewis resided. He thus came to restore something of the old glory of the Kong Kuba, and to regain authority over former mainland provinces of the once powerful Sherbro Kingdom.
When the British proclaimed a Protectorate in 1896, many of the terms of the Protectorate Ordinance were distasteful to the local rulers. Above all was the Hut Tax. Kpana Lewis was one of the few leaders who actually led a group of chiefs to the capital Freetown to protest against the tax. While the British Governor informed him that the Sherbro in the Colony was unaffected by the tax, Kpana Lewis did not sit back and leave the other rulers to continue protesting alone because his own territory was not involved. On his return to Yoni, Kpana Lewis used the Poro to give force to his disgust with the colonial measures.
Rebellion.
The Poro traditionally had a role of ensuring concerted action for political or economic purposes. It could as easily place a ban on war as on the harvest, a ban which no one dared disobey. It thus fulfilled the role of a modern judiciary system and police force. It was this that Kpana Lewis now used to effect a boycott of trade with Europeans and the Krio people who Kpana Lewis and other indigenous tribal leaders accused of supporting the British. When the District Commissioner, called a meeting of chiefs in the area to warn them against any kind of rebellion, one of the chief said that he had to confer with Kpana Lewis, whom he regarded as his leader and not the British. So great was his power and influence over these rulers that they were willing to openly defy powerful British officials in favour of Kpana Lewis' authority. The British then quickly passed a law making it a criminal offence to use the Poro to restrain trade.
When the Hut Tax War of 1898 rebellion broke out, led by Temne war-chief Bai Bureh, nothing could convince the District Commissioner that Kpana Lewis was not the brain behind the resistance. Even though the British had no evidence connecting Kpana Lewis with the Rebellion, he was detained as a suspect and was subsequently sent into exile in the Gold Coast along with Bai Bureh and the Mende chief Nyagua. The British then installed their own man, Fama Yani, as the leader of the Sherbro people. Fearing that if Kpana Lewis returned, his presence would lead to the overthrow of Fama Yani, the British refused to allow his return, thought Bai Bureh was ultimately brought back to Sierra Leone. Despite protests by Kpana Lewis' son, called Kong Kuba, and of intervention by the Anti-Slavery Society in London, the British Government held him in the Gold Coast where he died after more than a decade in exile.

</doc>
<doc id="9845191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845191" title="Consolidated Railway">
Consolidated Railway

Consolidated Railway or Consolidated Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9845240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845240" title="Turkmenistan Cup">
Turkmenistan Cup

The Turkmenistan Cup () is an annually held football tournament for Turkmen football clubs and is the second most important national title in Turkmen football after the Ýokary Liga title. 
The cup has been contested since 1993. 
The competition's most successful performers are Köpetdag Aşgabat with 6 trophies, followed by FC Balkan with 3.
Winners.
Previous winners are: 

</doc>
<doc id="9845271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845271" title="Nicholas Clapton">
Nicholas Clapton

Nicholas Clapton (born 16 September 1955) is an English countertenor, singing-teacher and author.
Life and career.
Clapton was born in Worcester, England and read music at Magdalen College, Oxford. He studied singing with David Mason and is now a pupil of Diane Forlano. He made his professional debut at the Wigmore Hall in 1984. In the following year, he was a double prize-winner at the Concurso "Francisco Viñas" in Barcelona, and in 1987 he won the English Song Award.
Clapton is particularly known for countertenor roles in contemporary opera, the heroic castrato repertoire of the eighteenth century, and romantic art song (in partnership with the pianist Jennifer Partridge). He has performed in major opera houses and concert halls around the world, and has given twenty-nine world premières (including six operas).
Unusual events in his career have included: a Purcell concert in that composer's tercentenary year in a former Palace of Culture in Siberia; playing three different reincarnations of the great castrato Farinelli; and accompanying himself on the castanets in Simon Holt's "Six Caprices". In concert and oratorio, as well as major works by Bach and Handel, Clapton's repertoire includes Wagner's "Wesendonck Lieder", Elgar's "Sea Pictures", Vaughan Williams' "Five Mystical Songs" and the Verdi "Requiem".
Having taught for several years at Trinity College of Music in London, Nicholas Clapton is now a professor of Singing at the Royal Academy of Music. He gives regular master-classes at the Dartington International Summer School, and is a Visiting Professor at the Zeneakadémia in Budapest. He has also taught in Prague, Belgrade and the Netherlands. His 2004 biography of Alessandro Moreschi was chosen by the "Tablet" magazine as one of its Books of the Year for 2005; (it was re-issued in a larger second edition as "Moreschi and the Voice of the Castrato" in 2008). In June 2005 Clapton became a Doctor of Liberal Arts of the Liszt Ferenc Music University. In 2006 he presented the documentary "Castrato" for BBC Four television, and curated the exhibition "Handel and the Castrati" at the Handel House Museum, London. His second book, "Budapest, City of Music", was published in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9845273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845273" title="Cariboo Runaway">
Cariboo Runaway

Cariboo Runaway is a young adult novel by Canadian writer Sandy Frances Duncan, published in 1976. Set in the Cariboo region of British Columbia during the Cariboo Gold Rush of 1864, the novel follows Elva Parkhurst, a young girl from Victoria who disguises herself as a boy in order to find her father after he disappears while prospecting in the Cariboo.
The novel.
The main character, 13 year old Elva T. Parkhurst, discovers that her little brother, Tim, also known as Timothy Parkhurst, has followed her aboard the famous "S.S. Beaver." Elva is outraged but soon comes to accept Tim's choice because she starts to rely on him. Together, they face many obstacles and dangers, and discover that their father is in jail. It is up to the children to free their father.
The novel is frequently taught in elementary school units on the Gold Rush.

</doc>
<doc id="9845299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845299" title="Iowa City Press-Citizen">
Iowa City Press-Citizen

The Iowa City Press-Citizen is a daily newspaper published in Iowa City, Iowa, USA, that serves most of Johnson County and portions of surrounding counties. Its primary competitors are "The Gazette" of Cedar Rapids, which has a news bureau in Iowa City, and "The Daily Iowan", the University of Iowa's student newspaper.
History.
The "Press-Citizen" was formed in 1920 from the merger of two newspapers: the Democratic "Iowa State Press", founded in 1860, and the Republican "Iowa City Citizen", founded in 1891. Merritt Spiedel bought the "Press-Citizen" in 1921; Spiedel's company merged with the Gannett Company in 1977.
The "Press-Citizen" switched from afternoon to morning publication on September 15, 1997. On August 29, 1999, the "Press-Citizen" began publishing a Sunday edition that includes local news and sports sections packaged with the Sunday state edition of another Gannett newspaper, "The Des Moines Register".

</doc>
<doc id="9845303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845303" title="Lázaro Ros">
Lázaro Ros

Lázaro Ros (May 11, 1925 – February 8, 2005) was an Afro-Cuban singer. His music borrowed much from Africa, as he performed music of the Lucumí culture, of the Yoruba people from modern-day Nigeria, and of the Arará culture of the Dahomeyan people from modern-day Benin. Ros was largely self-taught, and first learned to sing by learning the chants associated with Santería, a religion based in the Lucumí and Arará cultures.
Life.
Ros was born in the Santos Suárez district of Havana, Cuba. He began to work at the age of 11 distributing milk. At the age of 13 he began to sing at religious festivities, or fiesta de santo. His first major employment as a musician was in 1949, where he sang on Sunday afternoons for the radio station, RHC-Cadena Azul. After the 1959 revolution, he received international acclaim with the Conjunto Folklórico Nacional de Cuba (or National Folkloric Ensemble of Cuba) which allowed him to travel to Mexico,France,Spain,and the United States. He also worked at the Cuban Institute of Ethnology and Folklore. He is recognized as a founder of Afro-Cuban rock due to his work with the Síntesis and their album, Ancestros (Ancestors). He also recorded with a group called Olorun. In the year of his death, he was awarded the Orden Félix Varela First Degree, Cuba's highest cultural honour.
Ros's orisha in the yoruba religion was Oggun. He would later become the Akpwon Mayor, and an Oriate.
References.
Mario López-Goicoechea Obituary: Lázaro Ros. The Guardian. Wednesday March 16, 2005 [http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,1438413,00.html] (accessed March 3, 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="9845318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845318" title="Asia Aluminum">
Asia Aluminum

Asia Aluminum is the largest aluminum extrusion group in Asia, with an annual designed capacity of 350,000 metric tons. It employed, directly and indirectly, in excess of 10,000 people, predominantly in the Asia Aluminum Industrial City which housed its primary manufacturing facilities, located in the Zhaoqing region of the People’s Republic of China. Asia Aluminum made its debut on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1998.
Recent Events and Decline.
In 2004, the Company issued Senior Notes which were listed on the Singapore Exchange, with a total principal amount of US$450,000,000. The Senior Notes were issued primarily to fund the construction of the Asia Aluminum Industrial City.
In 2006, with Merrill Lynch as financial advisers, the management of Asia Aluminum performed a leveraged buyout of the outstanding issued share capital in Asia Aluminum, financed by the issuance of US$535,000,000 in payment-in-kind notes (PIK notes), which were listed on the Singapore Exchange. After acquiring all outstanding shares, Asia Aluminum was delisted from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The global economic downturn in 2008 and 2009 had a significant negative impact on the aluminium industry, including Asia Aluminum. Furthermore, Asia Aluminum incurred a considerable drain on its cash resources due to the construction of its flat rolled products facility.
At the end of 2008, the company reported its total assets to be US$2.4 billion with US$1.5 billion in liabilities. On 13 February 2009, Asia Aluminum management launched a tender offer to buy back the Senior Notes and PIK Notes at 27.5% and 13.5% of face value respectively. The offer was withdrawn after it failed to draw sufficient support from the respective noteholders.
As the Company’s financial condition deteriorated, it became the subject of PRC legal actions commenced by onshore creditors, which threatened its PRC assets. Demand letters were also issued against various Asia Aluminum Group entities by Hong Kong based lenders. The demand letters triggered the cross default of the Senior Notes and the PIK Notes, causing in excess of US$985,000,000 of debt to become immediately due and payable. Asia Aluminum did not have sufficient funds to repay these debts. Consequently, as at 28 February 2009, Asia Aluminum was deemed insolvent both on a cash flow and a balance sheet basis. At the time, Asia Aluminum’s total onshore and offshore debt was in the order of US$1,544,000,000.
In March 2009, the company began liquidation proceedings in Hong Kong after management withdrew its tender offer for the Senior and PIK Notes. In the same month, the Hong Kong Court appointed FTI Consulting as provisional liquidator. When attempting to gain control of the Company's mainland China subsidiaries, employees of FTI Consulting reported that both management and staff had been uncooperative.
Asia Aluminum’s PRC assets had become under increasing threat of value deterioration due to the legal demands that had been commenced, which, if pursued, would have likely resulted in the auctioning off of the assets by the PRC Courts. Proceeds from the auction would have likely been distributed to onshore creditors first, and the likelihood of any return to offshore creditors from the PRC assets would have been significantly reduced if a return was achievable at all.
In view of this threat, FTI Consulting negotiated a non-exclusive agreement with limited terms to sell 100% equity in Asia Aluminum’s PRC operating assets to a management buyout consortium. This structure allowed for the potential advent of a superior offer from another party and the ability of the Provisional Liquidators to secure information from management, which had not been forthcoming, on the onshore assets. This was considered the only way to avoid a PRC bankruptcy and ensure some level of returns to offshore creditors.
Despite significant media coverage of the sale, no other firm bids were tendered for Asia Aluminum’s PRC assets. Norsk Hydro submitted an indicative bid for the company, but its bid was left to expire after it emerged that local authorities may oppose its bid and support a "restructuring proposal submitted by the management." 
Furthermore, the local authorities favoured a management buyout, as the authorities considered this the only option that would allow for social stability to be maintained in the region. The local government had negotiated a stay of local creditors and convinced local banks to allow Asia Aluminum to continue to draw on its working capital facilities. This allowed for operations to continue whilst a restructuring option could be negotiated. Therefore, any successful bidder needed to have the support of the local government and of local stakeholders. No interested parties proved to have this level of support.
On June 2009, the Hong Kong Court approved for the management team to purchase Asia Aluminum for US$475,000,000, generating returns of 18 cents on the dollar to Senior Noteholders and less than one cent on the dollar to PIK Noteholders. Obligations to Hong Kong lenders and onshore creditors were fully assumed by the management buyout consortium. As is characteristic of bankruptcy situations in China, a majority of Asia Aluminum’s investors were unable to fully recoup their investments, and its management team now owns the US$2.4 billion business.
Asia Aluminum is one of many bankruptcy failures of Chinese companies formerly listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="9845350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845350" title="PIKO">
PIKO

PIKO (pronounced "peek-oh") is one of the largest and best-known model train brands in Europe and also enjoys a wide following in the United States and other parts of the world.
Products.
Altogether, PIKO today manufactures over 1500 different products in the following model train scales:
G-Scale: A line of both American and European-prototype weather-resistant models for indoor and outdoor use, including starter sets, locomotives, passenger and freight cars, track, buildings, controls and accessories.
HO-Scale: An extensive line of European-prototype models including starter sets, locomotives (most in both 2-Rail DC and 3-Rail AC versions), passenger and freight cars, track, buildings, controls and accessories.
N-Scale: A growing line of European-prototype models including locomotives, cars and buildings.
TT-Scale: A line of European-prototype locomotives and cars.
History.
Founded in 1949, PIKO was once a state-owned enterprise in the German Democratic Republic (East Germany), supplying a major share of model trains in Eastern Europe. In 1992, after the reunification of Germany, the company was purchased by PIKO Spielwaren GmbH. PIKO Spielwaren GmbH was founded in April 1992 by Dr. René F. Wilfer, PIKO’s President, who had been working in the toy industry since 1986 and had previously managed a model building company.
Manufacturing.
PIKO manufactures its own products, at its headquarters factory in Sonneberg (Thüringen) Germany, and at its own factory, PIKO China, in Guangdong, PRC. The entire G-Scale product line is made in Sonneberg. The HO-Scale "Classic" line is also made in Sonneberg. The HO-Scale "Hobby" and "Expert" lines, as well as the N-Scale and TT-Scale lines, are made at PIKO China.
Distribution.
In Germany, PIKO products are distributed directly from the firm's headquarters in Sonneberg to a network of retailers. In other countries, PIKO distributors and representatives perform a similar function. In America, sales and distribution to retailers is handled by PIKO America in San Diego, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="9845377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845377" title="Boulevard Line (disambiguation)">
Boulevard Line (disambiguation)

The Boulevard Line is a railway line in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Boulevard Line may also refer to the following transit lines:

</doc>
<doc id="9845380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845380" title="Pitt's Head">
Pitt's Head

Pitt’s Head is a distinctive rock located at grid reference , close to the A4085 road in Gwynedd, Wales. Its distinction lies in a resemblance to the profile of politician William Pitt the Younger.
Geography.
Located as it is at the base of one of the paths to the summit of Snowdon, Pitt’s Head was a halt on the original Welsh Highland Railway, also marking the highest point on that railway. The present reconstruction of the railway does not envisage reopening the halt. The rock also gives its name to the Pitt’s Head Bridge, where the railway passes under the A4085, and the nearby Pitt’s Head Cutting.
In the Geology of the region, the rock gives its name to the rock of which it is formed, the Pitt’s Head Tuff. This is an Ordovician acid ash-flow tuff which outcrops on the northern flanks of Snowdonia.
Sources.
However, this reference confuses irretrievably the town of Colwyn Bay on the North Wales Coast, and the River Colwyn which is close to Pitt's Head. There is no connection between the two apart from the name, but the Encyclopedia places Pitt's Head close to Colwyn Bay. It is nevertheless a source for the name of Pitt's Head.

</doc>
<doc id="9845437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845437" title="Mujtaba">
Mujtaba

Al-Mujtaba (Arabic) means 'the selected' or 'the chosen' and is a title of the Prophet Muhammad in Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="9845440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845440" title="Alex Naumik">
Alex Naumik

Alexandra Naumik (formerly Alexandra Sandøy; 12 August 1949 – 17 September 2013), better known by her stage name Alex, was a Polish-Norwegian rock and pop artist who rose to fame in the late 1970s.
Biography.
Alexandra Naumik was born in 1949 to Polish parents in Vilnius, Lithuanian SSR. During the Stalinist era she was deported to Siberia together with her family and only arrived in Poland 6 years later. With her talented voice, spanning more than four octaves, Naumik won several competitions and prizes while still a teenager and recorded records with renowned artists such as Agnieszka Osiecka and Adam Slawinski. Having graduated from the Pedagogy Institute in Łódź in 1969, she moved to Norway in 1970 after marrying Norwegian film director Haakon Sandøy.
Following her move to Norway, Naumik resumed her music career, adopting the stage name Alex. The stage name itself was created and given by writer Jens Bjørneboe, who dedicated on his novel "Powderhouse" ("Kruttårnet" in Norw.) - «To little Alex from old Jens». Her eponymous 1977 debut album launched funk-rock in Norway while her album received both critical acclaim and the Norwegian Album of the Year award, also selling to both silver and gold records. Her first band, also named "Alex", was formed in 1976 together with Bjørn Christiansen, Svein Gundersen (from the earlier noted Rock group Aunt Mary), Brynjulf Blix and Per Ivar Johansen.
She was also the first Norwegian artist to sign international recording contracts in 1977 with PolyGram International (now Universal Music Group) and in 1978 with RCA Records, working with artists such as David Foster, Andrae Crouch, Andy Summers and Glen Matlock. In addition to performing all over the world, Alex was also given her own television special in the German Musikladen series, which was viewed by 20 million people in over 18 countries worldwide.
During the early 80s, Naumik took part in "Melodi Grand Prix", the Norwegian national finals of the "Eurovision Song Contest", on four occasions, with her third place in 1980 as her best result. That same year, she and her band were involved in a bus crash, which killed her drummer, Per Ivar Johansen, and seriously injured several other members.
Following the peak of her popularity in the mid-80s, Naumik gradually turned to producing records and writing material for other artists, spending several years working in both the United States and Japan, before returning to Norway in the early 2000s. During this time, Naumik only released two albums herself, in 1991 and -93. Her most recent success was her work with Swedish-born artist Leana's album "Faith", which reached number one on the "Billboard" charts in June 2006 and January 2007. She contributed as a writer and producer along with her daughter, Naomi Naumik, and her collaborator for 25 years, Grammy winner Atle Bakken.
In October 2008, Naumik began re-releasing her recordings, both digitally and on CD, marking her debut on iTunes, Spotify, and her own website. At the same time, several brand new recordings and remixes were released.
During her lifetime, Naumik received several international prizes and distinctions in addition to national ones. These have included the "Nordring" prize in Helsinki (1981), Spellemansprisen, the Norwegian Grammy (1977), for two albums, and being voted "Female Artist of the Year" by the readers of "Det Nye" magazine in 1980
Image.
Alex also became renowned as a trend-setter in several areas ("Alex-hair" was a common expression) and she became the first female artist in Norway to take full control over her music, personal and public image at a time when an independent female artist was unusual. As she was also a pioneer in co-operation between the music and commercial sector and became a spokesperson for Helen Curtis Shampoos, BASF, Levi's and Ford Motor Company amongst others.
Personal life and death.
Naumik married Norwegian film director Haakon Sandøy in 1969, but they later divorced. She spent most of her life, including her final years, in Oslo, but also lived in USA, Japan and Sweden. On September 17, 2013, Naumik was found dead in her Oslo apartment. She was 64.

</doc>
<doc id="9845490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845490" title="Tajik Cup">
Tajik Cup

The Tajik Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Tajik football.
Winners.
Previous winners are: 

</doc>
<doc id="9845590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845590" title="Piano Trio No. 4 (Dvořák)">
Piano Trio No. 4 (Dvořák)

The Piano Trio No. 4 in E Minor, Op. 90, B. 166, (also called Dumky trio from the subtitle "Dumky") is a piece by Antonín Dvořák for piano, violin and cello. It is among the composer's best-known works.
At the same time it is a prominent example for a piece of chamber music deviating strongly from the sonata form.
Title.
"Dumky", the plural form of "dumka", is a term introduced into Slavic languages from the Ukrainian. Originally, it is the diminutive form of the term "duma", plural "dumy", which refers to epic ballads, specifically a song or lament of captive people. During the nineteenth century, composers from other Slavic countries began using the "duma" as a classical form used to indicate a brooding, introspective composition with cheerful sections interspersed within. Dvořák used the "dumka" form in several other compositions, including his Dumka for Solo Piano, Op. 35; Slavonic Dance No. 2; String Sextet; and his Piano Quintet, Op. 81
History.
Dvořák completed the trio on February 12, 1891. It premiered in Prague on April 11, 1891, with violinist Ferdinand Lachner, cellist Hanuš Wihan, and Dvořák himself on piano. The same evening, Prague's Charles University awarded the composer an honorary doctorate.
The work was so well received that Dvořák performed it on his forty-concert farewell tour throughout Moravia and Bohemia, just before he left for the United States to head the National Conservatory of Music of America in New York City. The trio was published while Dvořák was in America and was proofread by his friend Johannes Brahms.
Structure.
The piece is in six sections:
The composition features six "dumky" episodes throughout. The initial three "dumky" are connected together without interruption in the harmonically complementary keys given above, in effect forming a long first movement. The final three "dumky" are presented in unrelated keys, thus giving the overall impression of a four-movement structure.
Music critic Daniel Felsenfeld describes the form as follow:
The form of the piece is structurally simple but emotionally complicated, being an "uninhibited Bohemian lament". Considered essentially formless, at least by classical standards, it is more like a six movement "dark fantasia"—completely original and successful, a benchmark piece for the composer. Being completely free of the rigors of sonata form gave Dvořák license to take the movements to some dizzying, heavy, places, able to be "both brooding" and yet somehow, through it all, "a little lighthearted".
Musicologists Derek Katz and Michael Beckerman observe, "Whereas in the 81 quintet he had borrowed a plan from to mold his "dumka" into a quasi-traditional framework, here he allows each of the six "dumky" to stand fully realized on its own."

</doc>
<doc id="9845645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845645" title="National Bank of Commerce (Kansas City)">
National Bank of Commerce (Kansas City)

Before establishment of the Federal Reserve System in 1913, business in the United States depended on a system of private banks which in turn used correspondent banks in larger cities to provide credit and liquidity. The National Bank of Commerce was the principal correspondent bank for bank clearings in the area southwest of Chicago and St. Louis. Because of this role, Commerce was at one point among the 20 largest banks in the United States, as measured by assets.
A casualty of the Panic of 1907, the National Bank of Commerce was placed into receivership by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on December 5, 1907, after a six-week series of runs on the bank. The bank paid out its depositors in full and after recapitalization was returned to its previous owners.
The National Bank of Commerce was later merged into the Commerce Trust Company, which became Commerce Bank of Kansas City, now part of Commerce Bancshares.

</doc>
<doc id="9845664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845664" title="Performance Freediving International">
Performance Freediving International

Performance Freediving International (PFI) is a freediving training agency founded in 2000 by Kirk Krack. Krack coached World Champion Freedivers, Mandy-Rae Cruickshank and Martin Stepanek. PFI teaches freediving clinics around the world and is involved in both team and athlete development. .Since 2004, PFI has hosted DejaBlue, an international freediving competition. 
Promotional work.
Cruickshank and Krack trained David Blaine for his appearance on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in which he stayed underwater for 17 minutes. PFI Team was responsible for the education and training of David Blaine as well as his safety during the whole event acting as support divers. As David ran into problems with his stunt PFI Team members reacted and pulled him out of the sphere.
Cruickshank and Krack have also worked with Tiger Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="9845696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845696" title="Berno, Apostle of the Obotrites">
Berno, Apostle of the Obotrites

Berno, Bishop of Schwerin, also known as the Apostle of the Obotrites or Berno of Amelungsborn (died 14 January 1191) was a pre-eminent missionary to the Obotrites in the territory of Mecklenburg, Germany, and the first Bishop of Schwerin.
Life.
Berno was a Cistercian monk in Amelungsborn Abbey near Stadtoldendorf in the Weserbergland. In 1155 he began his mission to the territory of the Obotrites around Mecklenburg. Henry the Lion appointed him Bishop of Mecklenburg, after the failure of a previously planned mission by Bishop Emmehard (d. 1155), reporting to Hartwig von Stade, Archbishop of Bremen.
At the beginning of his evangelisation of the Obotrites they still adhered to the Wendish rites, and progress was slow and difficult. The inhabitants resisted conversion to the Christian faith, sometimes violently. In 1160, because of the constant danger from hostile groups, Berno moved the bishop's seat from Mecklenburg Castle to Schwerin. In the same year, with the consent of Henry the Lion, Archbishop Hartwig von Stade of Bremen subordinated the Bishopric of Schwerin to the authority of the Archbishop of Hamburg. From Schwerin Berno preached ""...more powerfully the light of faith to the people who sat in darkness""
Henry the Lion had founded the town of Schwerin on the site of a Wendish settlement. The "Statthalter" and later the first Count of Schwerin, Gunzelin von Hagen, provided the necessary security, and Christian groups formed among the townspeople. Berno had other clerics with him by no later than 1164. He himself travelled throughout the country in order to advance the process of Christianity by founding churches, baptising and preaching, as far as Demmin.
Pribislav, prince of the Obotrites, after his defeat by Henry the Lion, had himself baptised, in order to make possible the survival of his dynasty. From then on, despite occasional outbreaks of revolt, the evangelisation of the country proceeded peacefully, so much so that by 1166 it was possible to extend the bishopric to the mouth of the Peene. The last significant cult centre of the Obotrites and all other remaining pagan Wends south of the Ostsee or Baltic Sea was located in the ancestral territory of the Rani on Rügen. For this reason in 1168 Berno took part with Pribislav, who as a vassal of Henry the Lion was obligated to do it, on an expedition for the destruction of the pagan cult sites under the leadership of Valdemar I of Denmark. The expedition ended with the submission of the Rügen princes to Danish feudal overlordship and the mass baptism of the people of Rügen. The area on the mainland north of the Ryck that formed part of this territory was put under Berno's diocese.
On 9 September 1171 Berno dedicated Schwerin Cathedral, a predecessor of the present building. He had great success in the foundation of monasteries, in which the Cistercians were of particular assistance: they founded Doberan Abbey in 1171, and in 1172 Dargun Abbey. On 30 November 1173 Berno dedicated the first altar in the chapel at Dargun and confirmed to the new monastery gifts from Pribislav and from Casimir I, Duke of Pomerania.
On 1 February 1177 Berno held a general synod in Schwerin. At the beginning of 1178 he travelled to Rome, where in March Pope Alexander III confirmed him in his bishopric. He travelled to Rome again at the end of 1178 to attend the papal council of 5–18 March 1179. While he was on this journey, Pribislav, Prince of Mecklenburg, died, on 30 December 1178 in Lüneburg, in the train of which much serious disturbance ensued: on 10 November 1179 Doberan Abbey was sacked and all the inhabitants killed; Dargun Abbey was abandoned by its monks.
For his protection and security Berno attended the court at Erfurt in November 1181, and on 2 December 1181 received the Emperor's confirmation of his ecclesiastical property. He also attended the court at Altenburg in 1183 to secure his position further. It took some time for the situation in Mecklenburg to calm down, although Christianity was already widespread, and in the new prince, Heinrich Borwin I, who had been ruling since 1181, had an energetic spokesman. Eventually, in 1186, it was possible to take in hand the reconstruction - on another site - of Doberan Abbey.
Berno died in Schwerin on 14 January 1191.

</doc>
<doc id="9845714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845714" title="The Scorpion God">
The Scorpion God

The Scorpion God is a novella by William Golding, published in a collection of the same name, along with "Clonk Clonk" (1971) and "Envoy Extraordinary" (1956).
The three novellas all explore themes about early societies which have characteristics that echo down the years to our own time.
Synopsis.
"The Scorpion God" is set in Ancient Egypt in pre-Pharaonic times and involves three main characters: "Great House", his son, and "The Liar". It is set in the court of a failing ruler "Great House" (i.e. "Pharaoh"), who is treated as a living god, responsible for ensuring that the sky is held up and that the River Nile floods every year to bring water for the crops. 
Great House's young son is going blind and does not want to succeed his father, nor does he want to marry his older sister as he is expected to do. "The Liar" – the ruler's favourite – is a kind of court jester employed to tell Great House incredible (but in fact largely true) stories about the world outside the small piece of the Nile valley that they call home, and regard as the whole world.
"The Liar" is a renegade of foreign origin who has knowledge of the world far beyond any of the Nile valley dwellers. He is threatened with being made a human sacrifice to accompany his master in death, but with his fighting skills he eventually overthrows the old king and makes himself ruler in his place. The end of the story hints that it is he who will become the semi-legendary first Pharaoh of a united Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="9845738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845738" title="Bill Kajikawa">
Bill Kajikawa

Bill Kajikawa (September 6, 1912 – February 15, 2010) was the head men's basketball coach at Arizona State University from 1949 to 1957. He attended Phoenix Union High School, and played football at Arizona State. During World War II Kajikawa was a member of the 442nd Regimental Combat Team. In addition to serving as the Sun Devils' basketball coach, he served as their head baseball coach, as well as an assistant football coach.

</doc>
<doc id="9845739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845739" title="Hausa Sign Language">
Hausa Sign Language

Hausa Sign Language ("Maganar Hannu") is the indigenous sign language of the Deaf community in Hausa-speaking city of Kano in northern Nigeria, Africa. Like other sign languages, Hausa Sign Language uses specific gesture to describe different vocabulary in their language. Hausa Sign Language has their own unique culture that has outside influences from Nigeria. 

</doc>
<doc id="9845745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845745" title="Fine Art Showcase">
Fine Art Showcase

"Barry Chappell's Fine Art Showcase" is a television show that sells signed original art, lithographs, silkscreens, etchings, sculptures and handmade glass from around the world. The show is part of Art & Coin TV's Thursday and Friday night line-up. It airs throughout the United States and Canada on DirectTV Channel 223 and online at www.ArtAndCoinTV.com.
References.
Art & Coin Television, LLC

</doc>
<doc id="9845766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845766" title="Krio religion">
Krio religion

The majority of Creoles are Christians, though there is a small Muslim minority among them, that are better known as Oku or Aku.
Christianity.
Unlike the other ethnic groups in Sierra Leone, the majority of Creoles are overwhelmingly Christians.
The reason for this is because of the influence the slavemasters had on the slaves and also because of the many missionaries sent to the Creoles when Freetown was just established.

</doc>
<doc id="9845771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845771" title="Ziya Bunyadov">
Ziya Bunyadov

Ziya Musa oglu Bunyadov ( sometimes spelled in English as Zia Buniatov or Bunyatov) (21 December 1923, Astara – 21 February 1997, Baku) was an Azerbaijani historian, academician, and Vice-President of the National Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan. As a historian, he also headed the Institute of History of the Azerbaijani Academy of Sciences for many years. Bunyadov was a World War II veteran and Hero of the Soviet Union.
Life.
Ziya Bunyadov was born on December 21, 1923 in the town of Astara in Azerbaijan. His father, originally from Bibiheybat village of Baku, was a Custom Officer and, due to his work, the Bunyadov family changed their residence several times. After finishing secondary (high) school in Goychay in 1939, he joined Baku military school. In 1942 he was sent to World War II to fight on the Caucasus Front, near the town of Mozdok. The "Krasnaya Zvezda" (Red Star), the official newspaper of the Soviet Army, wrote about Bunyadov in 1942: ""sly, swift as a tiger, the intelligence officer Ziya Bunyadov, who under the improbable conditions, in the most complex situation could clearly orient himself, bring precise data about the number, the armament and the dislocation of the enemy. He was valued in the battalion for the romantic soul and the literary erudition"" [http://www.proza.ru/texts/2002/06/16-27.html]. He went on to fight on the European Front and participated in the Soviet capture of Warsaw and Berlin.
Ziya Bunyadov was awarded the Soviet Union's highest military honor, the Hero of the Soviet Union, for his action in the battle over a bridge on Pilica river in Poland on January 14, 1945, resulting in 100 enemy fatalities and 45 enemy prisoners taken. As well as this medal, for his participation and heroism in World War II Ziya Bunyadov was also awarded the honorary Red Banner, Red Star, Alexander Nevsky, and 2nd degree Patriotic War. For a year after the end of war, Lieutenant Ziya Bunyadov was deputy military commandant of the Pankow district of Berlin.
Academic career.
After the war, Ziya Bunyadov graduated from the Moscow Institute of Oriental Studies and in 1954 defended his doctorate dissertation. Dr. Bunyadov returned to Baku and started working at the Institute of the History of the Academy of Sciences of Azerbaijan SSR. Here he progressed from the position of research associate to become a chief scientist, head of the Institute of History, corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences and then finally full academician and vice-president of the Academy of Sciences. He was the author and editor of numerous monographs, books, and articles on the history of Caucasus.
Soviet orientalist and journalist Farid Seyful-Mulukov noted regarding Bunyadov's translation of the Quran: "He was an outstanding scholar. Quran translation requires excellent knowledge of the Arabic language and few dare to embark upon that job. Ziya Bunyadov managed to do excellent translation of the Holy Book."
Death.
On February 21, 1997, Ziya Bunyadov was murdered at the entrance to his apartment in Baku. Though the official state investigation placed the responsibility on a group of Islamic extremists, many of whom received life sentences, the culprits and circumstances of Bunyadov's murder remained mysterious. According to John W. Parker, chief of the Division for Caucasus and Central Asia within the U.S. State Department, Bunyadov's murderers were trained in Iran. He was buried at the Alley of Honor.
Critics.
Bunyadov researched ancient and medieval Azerbaijani historiography, specializing in Caucasian Albania and Azerbaijan during the Arab caliphate rule, concentrating on events from the 7th-19th centuries AD. In different areas, Bunyadov's work has met severe criticism. According to journalist Thomas de Waal:
"Buniatov's academy reissued thirty thousand copies of a forgotten racist tract by the turn of the century Russian polemicist Vasil Velichko; later Buniatov began a poisonous quarrel for which Caucasian Albanians themselves should take none of them blame. Buniatov’s scholarly credentials were dubious. It later transpired that the two articles he published in 1960 and 1965 on Caucasian Albania were direct plagiarism. Under his own name, he had simply published, unattributed, translations of two articles, originally written in English by Western scholars C.F.J. Dowsett and Robert Hewsen."
Bunyadov is also known for his article, "Why Sumgait?", on the 1988 ethnic riots in the town of Sumgait. Thomas de Waal calls Bunyadov "Azerbaijan’s foremost Armenophobe," and says, "Buniatov concluded that the Sumgait pogroms had been planned by the Armenians themselves in order to discredit Azerbaijan and boost the Armenian nationalist cause." (see Sumgait pogrom#Conspiracy theories).
According to Russian historian V. Shnirelman, Bunyadov "purposefully tried "to clear" the territories of modern Azerbaijan from the presence of Armenian history". "Another way is to underestimate the presence of Armenians in ancient and medieval Transcaucasia and to belittle their role by reprinting antique and medieval sources with denominations and replacements of the "Armenian state" term to "the Albanian state" or with other distortions of original texts. In the 1960s to 1990s there were many such reprintings of primary sources in Baku, where academician Z.M. Bunyadov was actively engaged".
Soviet academic Igor Diakonov wrote that Bunyadov become infamous for a scientific edition of "a historical source from where all mentions on Armenians have been carefully eliminated".
Historians Willem Floor and Hasan Javadi charged Bunyatov for making "an incomplete and defective Russian translation of Bakikhanov's text. Not only has he not translated any of the poems in the text, but he does not even mention that he has not done so, while he does not translate certain other prose parts of the text without indicating this and why. This is in particular disturbing because he suppresses, for example, the mention of territory inhabited by Armenians, thus not only falsifying history, but also not respecting Bakikhanov's dictum that a historian should write without prejudice, whether religious, ethnic, political or otherwise".
Some of Bunyadov's research is discussed by Western journalist and author Yo'av Karny.

</doc>
<doc id="9845776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845776" title="Clonk Clonk">
Clonk Clonk

Clonk Clonk is one of three novellas by William Golding, published together under the title "The Scorpion God" in 1971. 
Clonk Clonk is set in pre-historic Africa - some 70,000 years ago. A tribe lives under the heat of the African Sun. The men and women live largely separate lives, with the women taking the lead and the men being seen as stupid and reckless.

</doc>
<doc id="9845790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845790" title="Berç Türker Keresteciyan">
Berç Türker Keresteciyan

Berç Keresteciyan (aka Berç Türker Keresteciyan or Berç Keresteciyan Türker) (1870–1949) was a Turkish bank executive and politician. 
Early life.
He was born 1870 in Istanbul, the capital of the Ottoman Empire to a Turkish Armenian family. His father Mıgırdıç Keresteciyan, manager of the customs office of Constantinople, died when he was five years old. His unmarried uncle Bedros Keresteciyan, manager at the External Communications Office of the Sublime Porte up to 1890 and manager of the Translation Office of the Finance Ministry until his death in 1909, a hyperpolyglot in 10 languages and author of the etymological dictionary of the Turkish language, raised him and influenced much his formation. A specialist in financial and economic affairs, Bedros Keresteciyan taught his nephew also in these fields. Berç attended first Galatasaray Lycee, a public school in French language, transferred however later to Robert College, an American quasi-missionary private school.
Professional career.
After his education at Robert College, Berç Keresteciyan was employed by the Finance Ministry, where he served for two years. Then, his uncle appointed him to the Ottoman Bank, an institution with half European (English and French) and half Ottoman in character and cosmopolitan personnel.
After the raid of August 26, 1896 carried out by the Armenian nationalist committees, Berç Keresteciyan was sent by his European supervisors as precaution to Cairo, Egypt as branch manager along with some other non-Muslim middle level officials. He worked also in the Smyrna branch.
As the Turkish Red Crescent () was re-established for the third and last time in 1911, Berç Keresteciyan was a co-founder, became the only non-Muslim member of the executive committee and later vice chairman of the humanitarian institution.
With the outbreak of World War I and the participation of the Ottoman Empire in the war, the Bank's officials of British and French nationality fell in the position of citizens of hostile countries. The Ottomans threatened the Bank with confiscation, and the general manager and his deputy had to leave their posts and the country until the end of the war. The administration was taken over by non-Muslim Ottomans. Berç Keresteciyan was among them. He was deputy general manager and later became general manager of the Bank.
Turkish War of Independence.
An anecdote is being told about his contribution to save the life of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, as he informed Atatürk's lawyer about a British plot to sink his ship SS "Bandırma" in the Black Sea, on which Atatürk left Istanbul in 1919 to initiate the Turkish War of Independence. White stripe Medal of Independence awarded after the war.
In 1923, Berç Keresteciyan sent a telegram to Atatürk in his capacity as the honorary president of the Turco-Armenian Friendship Association and a member of the secular council of the Armenian Patriarchate, confirming the loyalty and the support of his community to the political authority of the government in Ankara.
Following the surname reform on June 21, 1934, Atatürk gave Berç Keresteciyan the family name Türker (Turkish for "Turk man") for his patriotism.
Political career.
The British and French executives of the Ottoman Bank returned to their positions after the World War I. The Bank retired Berç Keresteciyan early in 1927 for his contribution to Turkification efforts.
He run as an independent deputy from Afyonkarahisar at the 1935 general elections and became a member of the Turkish Grand National Assembly on March 7, 1935 as the only Armenian and one of the four non-Muslims in total. The same day, he also became a member of the economic commission of the parliament thanks to his expertise. He repeated his membership of the parliament twice more after the general elections in 1939 and 1943.
During his political career in the parliament, Berç Türker Keresteciyan made significant contributions to issues of general political, economic, social and international developments.
After his retirement in 1947, he lived at Büyükada, Istanbul. Berç Türker Keresteciyan died in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="9845792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845792" title="Leibniz harmonic triangle">
Leibniz harmonic triangle

The Leibniz harmonic triangle is a triangular arrangement of fractions in which the outermost diagonals consist of the reciprocals of the row numbers and each inner cell is the absolute value of the cell above minus the cell to the left. To put it algebraically, (where is the number of the row, starting from 1, and is the column number, never more than "r") and 
The first eight rows are:
formula_1
The denominators are listed in , while the numerators are all 1s.
Whereas each entry in Pascal's triangle is the sum of the two entries in the above row, each entry in the Leibniz triangle is the sum of the two entries in the row "below" it. For example, in the 5th row, the entry (1/30) is the sum of the two (1/60)s in the 6th row.
Just as Pascal's triangle can be computed by using binomial coefficients, so can Leibniz's: formula_2. Furthermore, the entries of this triangle can be computed from Pascal's, "the terms in each row are the initial term divided by the corresponding Pascal triangle entries."
This triangle can be used to obtain examples for the Erdős–Straus conjecture when "n" is divisible by 4.
If one takes the denominators of the "n"th row and adds them, then the result will equal formula_3. For example, for the 3rd row, we have 3 + 6 + 3 = 12 = 3 × 22.
It is worth noting that formula_4

</doc>
<doc id="9845808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845808" title="Tad Kinchla">
Tad Kinchla

Thaddeus Arwood "Tad" Kinchla (born ) is an American musician, most famous as the bassist for the jam band Blues Traveler.
He was born in Princeton, New Jersey, Kinchla is the younger brother to long-time Blues Traveler guitarist Chan Kinchla. He began playing the upright bass as a child after his brother had settled with the guitar. He graduated from Princeton High School in 1991, the same high school that the rest of the band attended (with the exception of keyboardist Ben Wilson). Following high school, he attended and graduated from Brown University. During his time there, he studied political science, played lacrosse and formed a band called Dowdy Smack with future internet personality Ze Frank. 
In 1999, during Kinchla's time playing in a band called Smit-Haus, Blues Traveler's original bassist Bobby Sheehan died. This left an opening in the band for a new bassist. Kinchla was one of five bassists to try out for the spot. He was the first to audition, with auditions being held live in concert at a New York bar called Bar Bat, and not in a studio. His audition was the first band performance after the death of Sheehan and came with no rehearsal.
In 2006, Kinchla also joined Blues Traveler frontman John Popper in a side project called the John Popper Project. In 2006, they released an eponymous album with DJ Logic.
On January 18, 2009, Kinchla married his girlfriend, entertainment journalist Carrie Hill. The couple lives in Austin, Texas with their Teacup Yorkshire Terrier Laverne. On February 7, 2011 they announced that they were expecting their first child. On February 9th, 2013, John Popper announced the arrival of the couple's twin boys, Jack and Dylan, by sharing their pictures on the Twitter page he operates with Kinchla. 

</doc>
<doc id="9845814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845814" title="The Herald (moth)">
The Herald (moth)

The Herald ("Scoliopteryx libatrix") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is a common species found in Great Britain and other parts. It has a wingspan of only 44 mm or so [http://www.uksafari.com/heraldmoth.htm]. The Herald's flight period is between June and November, in one or two broods. During the winter the Herald moth hibernates in dark, cool structures (e.g. cellars, barns and caves), returning to take wing again from March to June. Its habitat is woodland parks and gardens, and (perhaps consequently) the resting wing pattern resembles a dead, shriveled leaf.
Herald caterpillars are long, and of a bright green shade common to many caterpillars. They are somewhat distinguished by the thin yellow lines running across the body between segments. When maturity is reached, they pupate between two leaves, in a white cocoon made of silk.
Foodplants.
Caterpillars
Adults

</doc>
<doc id="9845841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845841" title="The Pyramid (Golding)">
The Pyramid (Golding)

The Pyramid (1967) is a novel by the English author, William Golding. It describes the experiences of growing up in the 1920s in a small market town in England for the narrator, Oliver. It tells three separate stories from his childhood, resolving them many years later. All three stories end with Oliver seeing the other main character for the last time.

</doc>
<doc id="9845844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845844" title="A Private View at the Royal Academy, 1881">
A Private View at the Royal Academy, 1881

A Private View at the Royal Academy, 1881 is a painting by the English artist William Powell Frith exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts in London in 1883. It depicts a group of distinguished Victorians visiting the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition in 1881, just after the death of the Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli, whose portrait by John Everett Millais was included on a screen at the special request of Queen Victoria (visible in the archway at the back of the room). The room is Gallery III, the largest and most imposing room at Burlington House.
Frith worked on the painting through much of 1881 and 1882. He later said in "My Autobiography and Reminiscences", published in 1887, that "Beyond the desire of recording for posterity the aesthetic craze as regards dress, I wished to hit the folly of listening to self-elected critics in matters of taste, whether in dress or art. I therefore planned a group, consisting of a well-known apostle of the beautiful, with a herd of eager worshippers surrounding him."
Meaning and content.
The subject of the painting is the contrast between lasting historical achievements and ephemeral fads. The portrait of Disraeli represents the former, and the influence of the Aesthetic movement in dress represents the latter. Aesthetic dress is exemplified by the principal female figures, to the left, in green, pink and orange clothing. Oscar Wilde, one of the main proponents of Aestheticism, is depicted at the right behind the boy in the green suit, with signature lily buttonhole, surrounded by female admirers.
Behind Wilde, further to the right, a group of opponents glare disapprovingly at him as he speaks: painters Philip Calderon and Henry Stacy Marks, sculptor Joseph Boehm, and journalist G.A. Sala (bare-headed, in white waistcoat). To the left, behind and immediately to the right of Wilde, are the actors Henry Irving and Ellen Terry, with Frederick Eaton. To Wilde's left are Lillie Langtry, in a white dress, beside the soberly-dressed William Thomson, Archbishop of York. The man with sideburns looking over Thompson's left shoulder is William Agnew, picture dealer and recently elected Liberal MP for South East Lancashire, next to Lord Chief Justice of England Sir John Coleridge.
In the centre of the composition, bearded and dressed in a brown frock coat, stands Frederic Leighton, President of the Royal Academy, talking to a seated woman, Constance, Countess of Lonsdale. The head of surgeon Sir Henry Thompson appears between Leighton and the Countess. Frith himself appears in the centre of the painting, bare-headed and whiskered, directly below the painting of Disraeli, talking to two women behind the seat.
The two women on the other side of the seat, facing away from Leighton, are heiress and philanthropist Baroness Burdett-Coutts. Having remained a spinster until she was sixty-six, Baroness Burdett-Coutts provoked a scandal in 1881 by marrying her much younger secretary, the American William Ashmead-Bartlett, who became Mr Burdett-Coutts. Baroness Burdett-Coutts is shown in conversation with the younger Lady Diana Huddleston, daughter of William Beauclerk, 9th Duke of St Albans. Their husbands also appear among the standing figures behind the seat. Lady Diana's husband was Sir John Walter Huddleston, the last Baron of the Exchequer and a judge of Queen's Bench. He wears a top hat, and stands just behind and to the left of poet and playwright Robert Browning, the bare-headed and white-bearded figure seen talking to an unknown woman in a green dress. To the right, listening to Browning's conversation, is naturalist Thomas Huxley (probably included due to his trenchant support for Charles Darwin, who had died in 1882). Mr Burdett-Coutts stands behind and to the right of Huxley, reading, with moustache and top hat.
At the left of the painting stands the "homely figure" of Anthony Trollope (who died on 6 December 1882), with full white beard and top hat, noting in a book as he gazes at an "aesthetic" family in the foreground to the right, comprising a woman in green with sunflower buttonhole gazing at the artworks (a professional model, Jenny Trip), a woman in yellow reading her catalogue, and a girl in orange looking up at her. Frith describes them as "a family of pure aesthetes absorbed in affected study of the pictures" with Trollope affording "a striking contrast to the eccentric forms near him." Cartoonist George du Maurier, with moustache and hat, stands immediately behind; to the left, behind him, hatless, is illustrator John Tenniel. Further left, between Trollope and the edge of the painting, are novelist Mary Elizabeth Braddon and musician Sir Julius Benedict.
To the right behind Trollope are a group of four politicians – the right-most, the Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone, faces a bearded Sir Henry Stafford Northcote; the tall hatless man behind Gladstone is Home Secretary Sir William Harcourt; behind and to the left of Northcote is Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster John Bright.
The paintings on the wall accurately reproduce the exhibits at the 1881 Royal Academy Summer Exhibition. A second portrait of Disraeli is visible on the wall behind Langtry. On the wall at the right, above Wilde's opponents, is the similarly angry-looking central figure in John Collier's "Last Voyage of Henry Hudson". Millais at the extreme right is looking at Lawrence Alma-Tadema's painting "Sappho and Alcaeus", accompanied by a myopic connoisseur. On the left wall are Heywood Hardy's "Sidi Ahmed ben Avuda and the Holy Lion" to the left; James Sant's "Daughters of Arthur Wilson, Esq." further right, and J. W. Waterhouse's "A Summer's Day in Italy".
Influences.
Frith was inspired by the satirical cartoons of George du Maurier (whose head is visible between the orange and green attired aesthetes at the left) and by Gilbert and Sullivan's popular operetta "Patience", first performed in 1881. The aesthetic costumes are characterised by features such as gigot sleeves and the "Watteau pleats" seen in the figure to the left of Wilde, wearing pink. The women in the centre along with the one to the right of Wilde with the child represent normal fashionable clothing of the day. These aspects of dress and pose, along with the myopic figure next to Millais, show the influence of Watteau's painting "L'Enseigne de Gersaint".
In Harrogate.
"A Private View" was exhibited on tour. At Harrogate, North Yorkshire, Frith's childhood home, it went on show at Messrs A & J Polak's, with visitors paying one shilling to see "W P Frith's Last Great Picture". Frith's study for "A Private View, 1881", is in the Mercer Art Gallery in Harrogate. This sketch offers a rare insight into the artist's working methods and also provides a snapshot of the buzz and excitement of the flourishing Victorian art world. The painting returned to Harrogate in 2007 for the first major exhibition of Frith's work since the artist's death.

</doc>
<doc id="9845846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845846" title="Mount Hope Bay">
Mount Hope Bay

Mount Hope Bay is a tidal estuary located at the mouth of the Taunton River on the Massachusetts and Rhode Island border. It is an arm of Narragansett Bay. The bay is named after Mount Hope, a small hill located on its western shore in what is now Bristol, Rhode Island. It flows into the East Passage of Narragansett Bay and also the Sakonnet River. Mount Hope Bay has played an important role to the history of the area, from pre-colonial times to the present. While many years of sewage and industrial pollution have severely degraded the quality of the shallow waters of the bay, there are currently major efforts underway to clean up and restore it.
Physical description.
Mount Hope Bay is part of the Narragansett Basin, formed as a rift in the Avalon terrane about 315 million years ago. It is underlaid by sedimentary rocks estimated to be several miles thick. The bay covers and area of about 13 square miles (36 square km) with an average depth of 18.7 feet, although portions of the southern end of the bay are as deep as 74 feet deep near the Mount Hope Bridge.
At the north end of the bay are the towns of Warren, Rhode Island, Swansea, Massachusetts and Somerset, Massachusetts. The eastern shore of the bay consists of the city of Fall River, Massachusetts and the town of Tiverton, Rhode Island. Portsmouth, Rhode Island is located at the southern end of the bay at the northern tip of Aquidneck Island. Bristol, Rhode Island forms the western shore of the bay.
Approximately 70 percent of the bay is located within Rhode Island. However, nearly 90 percent of its drainage area is located within Massachusetts. Aside from its main tributary the Taunton River, several smaller rivers drain directly into the bay, including the Quequechan River, Lee's River, Cole River and Kickamuit River. A small sand bar known as Spar Island is located in the middle of the bay just south of the Rhode Island border.
The perimeter of the bay is crossed by three roadway bridges: the Sakonnet River Bridge to the southeast, the Charles M. Braga Jr. Memorial Bridge to the north, and the Mount Hope Bridge to the southwest.
Mount Hope Bay contains a 35 foot deep shipping channel maintained by the Army Corps of Engineers as part of their Fall River Harbor project. A privately maintained 34 feet deep channel extends from the main ACOE channel to the Brayton Point Power Station.
History.
Once part of the Wampanoag Nation, Mount Hope Bay was the site of early events of King Philip's War in 1675.
For nearly 200 years the area of the bay was part of a boundary dispute between the states of Rhode Island and Massachusetts, which was finally settled by the United States Supreme Court in 1862.
Mount Hope Bay has played an important part in the industrial history of the city of Fall River, which is located on its eastern shore. The bay provides access to the city for ocean-going vessels, including for many years the passenger ships of the Fall River Line.
In the 1960s, the 1,500 megawatt Brayton Point Power Station was built by the New England Power Company in Somerset, Massachusetts at the north end of the bay. It has the largest capacity of any power plant in New England. For many years, the plant has relied on the waters of the bay as part of its cooling process. This has led to severe thermal pollution, resulting in periodic fish kills. After years of lawsuits and various environmental government action, current owner Dominion Resources is spending approximately $500 million building two 500-foot tall cooling towers and upgrading the cooling system to prevent pollution of the bay.
In 2009, the City of Fall River completed the first phase of a $185 million Combined Sewer Overflow (CSO) abatement project, designed to drastically reduce the amount of sewage overflows that occur during periods of heavy rains. The project is expected to be completed by 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="9845864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845864" title="Snee">
Snee

Snee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9845873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845873" title="William Beroza">
William Beroza

William Beroza is an American lacrosse goalie, coach and member of the National Lacrosse Hall of Fame.
Beroza played lacrosse at Hempstead High School and was an All-Division honoree. After graduating high school, he was the goalie for Roanoke College where he was honored as Honorable Mention All-American in 1976 and Second Team All-American in 1977. In his senior year, he helped lead the team to the NCAA Division II/III semi-finals where he set an NCAA record 30 saves in a playoff game. In 1987, he was inducted into the Roanoke College Athletic Hall of Fame. During the next 20 years, Beroza played for numerous different post-collegiate club teams, winning many honors and championships, including Player of the Year in 1978 and Championship Game Most Valuable Player in 1980. In 1982, he was named to the USA national team. 
Since college and as part of the LILC, Bill was a three time member of the USA Lacrosse Team (1978-Alternate, 1982-Goalie, 1986-Alternate). As a co-captain of the USA team, Bill was a member of the 1982 World Championship team that defeated Australia in the summer of 1982 in Baltimore, MD. He was also an alternate to the team in 1978 and 1986. In 1998, Beroza was named an assistant coach to the 1998 World Lacrosse Tournament's USA Team. That team went on to defeat Team Canada, 14-12, in the Championship Game. In 1996, William Beroza was inducted into the National Lacrosse Hall of Fame in 1996. Beroza started two professional lacrosse teams and played for both: the NJ Saints (now the NY Saints) and the Detroit Turbos. Beroza was an assistant coach of the Leopards at Wentworth Institute of Technology in Boston Ma for 4 seasons. 
William was inducted into the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame.
Beroza currently serves as the head coach of Israel's men's national lacrosse team.

</doc>
<doc id="9845890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845890" title="John Linehan">
John Linehan

John Joseph Linehan, MBE (born 1952, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is better known as the character May McFettridge.
May McFettridge.
John Linehan was a car mechanic before he rose to fame in the guise of his plain-speaking, gap-toothed housewife character, May McFettridge. Eamonn Holmes, a relative, had asked Linehan to phone his then radio show, to liven the programme up. Linehan pretended to be a Belfast housewife, and the banter between the two attracted an unprecedented number of positive phone calls to the radio studio, many asking for a return of the women as a regular on the show.
Linehan invented the name and the character by ad libbing — the first name being that of his mother-in-law and the surname being that of an Antrim hurler by the name of Olcan McFettridge, whose exploits in a National Hurling League game had made headlines in the local newspaper, The Irish News, which happened to be beside Linehan when put on the spot.
The character became a regular on Downtown Radio. Since that time, Linehan has topped the bill as his character in the Christmas Pantomime in the Grand Opera House in Belfast for twenty consecutive years (2009).
He/she was recently described by John Daly as 'the face that sank a thousand ships' during a charity event at the Odyssey in Belfast.
Charity work.
Linehan is also involved in charity work, appearing regularly in Northern Ireland's Children in Need broadcasts, and organising events such as golfing tournaments to help raise money for Children of the Crossfire. He was awarded the MBE in 2006 for charitable services in Northern Ireland.
Pantomime.
Linehan starred as McFettridge every year in the Grand Opera House Pantomime, which are huge successes.
He usually plays a very comical role in the show and leaves every audience in stitches of laughter. 
Here are some of his panto roles: 
Other appearances.
Linehan appeared in the film Divorcing Jack as the 'Announcer'. Later European versions of the 'Divorcing Jack' DVD had May McFetridge segments edited out due to social sensitivities in Eastern European countries such as the Czech Republic or Slovakia.
Personal life.
He is married to Brenda, and they have two daughters.
In his early teens, Linehan's Key Stage Three English Literature coursework, 'A World without Windows' was published in a compilation of teenage idealist prose, and was subsequently re-written in the Irish Language and published in a Gaelgoir poetry book named An Shiopa Geotta. The prose, laid out in four stanzas (in both English and Irish version) details a dream of Linehan's detailing a world where neighbours could not look through each other's kitchen windows and judge each other. The piece was so well written that teachers from his school were prompted to contact his home to inform guardians that he had been plagiarising already published texts (the lines "I look through not my neighbour's window, for I don't know the great crescendo, for what my ring throughout my ears, I dare not open to those peers" were compared to the written words of Wordsworth, among others). These claims were found to be false and Lineham was praised nationally with the awards for "Gaelgoir of the Young Generation", and internationally with the John Lennon "Imagine" Literary award for Young People. Lennon's wife, Yoko Ono was scheduled to meet Lineham several years later as a "follow up" on her much speculated, but never materialized Irish tour named "Aislingacht- the Irish Visionary Tour", which was shelved due to various financial, critical, and time related constraints. In recent times, not much else has been revealed about Lineham's literary past or more recent writings. John never appeared to collect his award from the South Eastern Education and Library Board however, citing in a later interview that he did not agree with their stances on the Eleven Plus examination, and believed that every child in Northern Ireland should be entitled to attend a grammar school.
In the early 1980s, Linehan was diagnosed as having syringomyelia and he had neurosurgery in 1983 following which he had meningitis. The syringomyelia has caused muscle wastage and some loss of sensation on his left side.

</doc>
<doc id="9845898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845898" title="Denis Marshall (footballer)">
Denis Marshall (footballer)

Deniston Clive Marshall (born 17 October 1940) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented in the West Australian National Football League (WANFL) and in the Victorian Football League (VFL) from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Early Life and Playing Career.
Born in Fremantle, Western Australia, Marshall was already a star while playing for the Mosman Park Juniors. His grandfather, Gordon Tuxford, had captained in the 1920s.
Marshall made his senior debut with in 1958. He represented his State in that first year. He went on to represent Western Australia 14 times during his career — and represented Victoria a further eight times in interstate matches. Marshall won four best and fairest awards with Claremont and was runner up in the 1962 Sandover Medal award for the fairest and best player in the WANFL.
When recruited to Victorian side Geelong in 1964 he burst on to the League scene as a readymade star. Marshall’s stay in Victoria would be brief. He played just 85 games from 1964 to 1968 but won the Cats' best-and-fairest in 1966 and was second in the Brownlow Medal in 1968 before returning to Perth at the age of 27.
He was selected in the All-Australian Team following the 1966 Hobart Carnival.
Post playing career.
After retiring, Marshall worked in real estate development.
In 2004 he was inducted into both the WA Football Hall of Fame and the Australian Football Hall of Fame.
In February 2008 it was reported that Marshall's property had been attacked during the night.

</doc>
<doc id="9845942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845942" title="Milies, Euboea">
Milies, Euboea

Milies () is a village in the municipal unit of Istiaia on Euboea island, Greece. Milies is located 15 km east of the town Istiaia, northwest of Chalkida and about 3 hours from the Greek capital city of Athens. Its population in 2001 was 214. Its elevation is at 460 m. It was an independent community until 1997 when it became a part of the municipality of Istiaia. 
History.
The modern village resulted from the merger of two previous settlements, Palaiovrysi (Παλαιόβρυση) and Karytsa (Καρύτσα), around the time of the Fall of Constantinople in 1453. Local tradition has it that some inhabitants later left to escape pirate attacks, and founded the village of Milies on Mount Pelion. Archaeological excavations in the nearby Lavrentis hill have shown the site to have been inhabited since Antiquity, with remains from the Classical and the Hellenistic periods discovered.

</doc>
<doc id="9845947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845947" title="The King of Love">
The King of Love

The King of Love is an Italian fairy tale collected by Thomas Frederick Crane in "Italian Popular Tales".
It is Aarne-Thompson type 425A. Others of this type include "The Black Bull of Norroway", "The Brown Bear of Norway", "The Daughter of the Skies", "East of the Sun and West of the Moon", "The Enchanted Pig", "The Tale of the Hoodie", "Master Semolina", "The Enchanted Snake", "The Sprig of Rosemary", and "White-Bear-King-Valemon".
Synopsis.
A man made his living gathering wild herbs. One day he took his youngest daughter, Rosella, with him, and she pulled up a radish. A Turk appeared and said she must come to his master and be punished. He brought them underground, where a green bird appeared, washed in milk, and became a man. The Turk told what had happened. The father said that there was no sign that the radish had belonged to him. The man married Rosella and gave her father a sack of gold. One day, while the man was away, her sisters visited her. She told them that her husband had forbidden her to ask who he was, but they persuaded her to ask his name. He told her that he was the King of Love and vanished. 
She wandered in search of him, calling for him, and an ogress appeared, demanding to know why Rosella called on her nephew. The ogress took pity on her and let her stay the night, telling her that she was one of seven sister ogresses, and the worst was her mother-in-law. Each day, Rosella met another; on the seventh day, a sister of the King of Love told Rosella to climb her hair into the house while their mother was out. Then she and her sisters told Rosella to seize their mother and pinch her until the ogress cried out to be left alone in her son's name.
Rosella did this, and the ogress wanted to eat her, but the ogress's daughters stopped her. Then she insisted that Rosella carry a letter for her. In the wilderness, Rosella called on the King of Love again. He warned her to flatter things along the way: to drink from and praise two rivers, to eat and praise fruit from an orchard, to eat bread from an oven and praise it, to feed two dogs, to sweep a hall, and to polish a knife, razor and scissors. Then she was to deliver the letter, seize a box from the table, and run. When she did this, the ogress called after her for things to destroy her, but they refused because of her kindness. Curious, she opened the box; musical instruments escaped, and she had to call on her husband again to get them back.
The ogress wanted to eat Rosella again but her daughters stopped her again. She ordered her to fill a mattress with feathers from all the birds in the air. The King of Love got the King of Birds to have the birds fill the mattress. Then the ogress married her son to the daughter of the King of Portugal, and had Rosella hold the torches for the bridal chamber; but the king got his bride to switch places with Rosella, and the ground opened up and swallowed the bride.
The ogress declared that Rosella's child would not be born until she unclasped her hands. The King of Love had his body laid out as if he were dead, and his sisters lamented him. The ogress unclasped her hands, demanding to know how he had died. Rosella's son was born. This so enraged the ogress that she died.
Commentary.
This form of startling the mother-in-law into allowing the baby's birth is found in Italian fairy tales; usually it is done by announcing the birth. In English and Scandavian ballads, such as "Willie's Lady", the mother-in-law must be startled so that she will accidentally reveal the charms she is using against the birth.

</doc>
<doc id="9845954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845954" title="Ned Wulk">
Ned Wulk

Ned W. Wulk (August 14, 1920 – November 15, 2003) was the men's basketball coach at Arizona State University from 1958 to 1982. He remains the most successful coach in the history of the men's basketball program with a record of 406 - 272 (.599) at ASU. Wells Fargo Arena's basketball court was named after him in 1999. He was very successful in Tempe with a 94 - 24 (.797) record at home. At the time of his 400th victory, he was one of only four then-active coaches to win 400 or more games at one school. He led ASU to 17 winning seasons in his 25 years, including a record of 39-15 against rival University of Arizona.
Under Wulk, Arizona State reached 9 NCAA tournaments, and 3 Elite Eight appearances in 1961, 1963, and 1975. In the 1963 NCAA tournament at Provo, the Sun Devils routed UCLA in a second round game, 93-79. The Bruins were on the brink of back-to-back national titles in ‘64 and ‘65. And in 1981, Wulk’s ASU Sun Devils went to Corvallis on the final day of the regular season and defeated #1 ranked Oregon State by a score of 87-67. Wulk's 1963 team still has the school record for most wins in a season at 26. In the previous season, he set the ASU school record for longest winning streak at 18 games. He led the 1981 ASU Sun Devils of the Pac-10 to the highest national ranking in school history at #3, finishing with a record of 24-4. He was selected as the Pac-10 coach of the year in 1979, when ASU finished 21-6, including 15-3 in conference play. He was fired in 1982 after one mediocre season.
New Wulk was inducted into the Pac-10 Hall of Fame in 2003. He coached at Xavier University prior to coming to ASU.

</doc>
<doc id="9845956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845956" title="Mary Sweeney">
Mary Sweeney

Mary Sweeney (born January 1, 1953) is an American film editor and producer best known for collaborating with the avant-garde American film director, David Lynch. Sweeney worked with Lynch on several critically acclaimed films and television series, most notably as a film editor on the cult hits "Twin Peaks", "Lost Highway" (1997), and "Mulholland Drive" (2001) for Lynch's Asymmetrical Productions company. She was the co-author, with John Roach, of "The Straight Story" (1999).
Sweeney was for many years a domestic partner with David Lynch. The couple married in 2006 but filed for divorce one month later, citing irreconcilable differences. Together the couple has one son, Riley Sweeney Lynch, born in 1992.
A long-time Hollywood resident, Sweeney is head of The Sullivan Canyon Riders Club, a Los Angeles-based equestrian club. The club has worked to prevent land used by equestrians from being sold to developers, an effort that was supported financially by well-known film director Steven Spielberg and actress Kate Capshaw.
Biography.
Sweeney began her career as an assistant editor for film editor Duwayne Dunham on such films as "Blue Velvet" and "Wild at Heart", and the television series "Twin Peaks". She soon became director David Lynch's first choice as film editor. As their working and off-screen relationships developed, Lynch promoted Sweeney to producer (she was responsible for handling the post-production end of each show).
In 1994, Sweeney read an article in the "New York Times" about an old man who drove a tractor cross-country just to see his ailing brother. The article piqued Sweeney's interest, and for four years she sought to the film rights to the story. Sweeney retraced the journey of the tractor owner, Alvin Straight. Along the way she met several of the same people whom Straight had met, which helped her and her co-author John Roach draft their screenplay. When Sweeney broached the idea of making a movie based on Straight's journey to her partner David Lynch, he was initially uninterested in the project, but after he read the script, he changed his mind. Lynch decided to direct the film, which would be his "straightest" narrative film to date.
Sweeney made her feature film directorial debut in 2009 with the film "Baraboo", which she also wrote. The film follows several people living in a motel in a Midwestern town and shows how they interact with each other.

</doc>
<doc id="9845957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845957" title="Shay Stephenson">
Shay Stephenson

Shay Stephenson (born September 13, 1983) is a Canadian hockey player for Vålerenga Ishockey of the Norwegian GET-ligaen. He is the son of Bob Stephenson and the older brother of Logan Stephenson.

</doc>
<doc id="9845973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845973" title="Twisted (1996 film)">
Twisted (1996 film)

Twisted is a film written and directed by Seth Michael Donsky. His debut film, it was released in 1997. The film, a Don Quixote and Miravista Films production, is a retelling of Charles Dickens' classic novel "Oliver Twist" set in a New York City contemporary underground populated by drag queens, drug abusers and hustlers. The film was an official selection and debuted in 1997 at the 47th Berlin International Film Festival, and was also screened as an official selection at the Seattle International Film Festival. Donsky's film was made prior to Jacob Tierney's similar film "Twist", starring American actor Nick Stahl.
Synopsis.
William Hickey stars as Andre, the lecherous brothel owner that trades in young men. Exploiting his young charges through paternalism and drugs, Andre sets his sights on Lee (Keivyn McNeil Graves), a ten-year-old, black, runaway orphan. Through Andre, Lee quickly becomes immersed in New York's sleazy underbelly of drug dealers and street hustlers. The boy's only hope for survival is the aspiring songwriter Angel (David Norona), himself a former hustler and drug dealer. Angel befriends Lee and rescues him from the wiles of Andre's cohort Fine Art (Jean Loup Wolfman), who attempts to profit on Lee's tender age. Eventually, Andre's petty empire is vanquished by Shiniqua (Billy Porter), a powerfully wise and glamorous drag queen whose fiercely maternal spirit is every bit the match for the depraved denizens of the brothel.
Awards.
The film was an official selection at the Berlin International Film Festival and the Seattle International Film Festival. Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) New York screened "Twisted" and granted the director an honorarium for his work

</doc>
<doc id="9845983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845983" title="Free Fall (Golding novel)">
Free Fall (Golding novel)

Free Fall is the fourth novel of English novelist William Golding, first published in 1959. Written in the first person, it is a self-examination by an English painter, Samuel Mountjoy, held in a German POW camp during World War Two.
Plot summary.
Samuel ('Sammy') Mountjoy, a talented painter but a directionless and unhappy man, is a prisoner of war in Germany during WWII. Recently some inmates escaped from his camp. A Gestapo officer, Dr. Halde, interviews Sammy in an attempt to find out about the escape organisation; when Sammy denies knowing anything, Halde has him locked in a small store-room, awaiting possible torture. Under the pressure of the darkness, isolation and horrified anticipation he gradually breaks down; in a series of long flashbacks, he wonders what brought him to his current state, and in particular, how he lost his freedom.
As a very young child he was happy, despite living in a slum and never knowing his father. He was adopted by the local priest and attended day school and grammar school, where he was torn between two diametrically opposed parent-figures – the kindly science master Nick Shales and the sadistic Rowena Pringle, who taught religious studies. He also fell desperately in love with a girl in his class, Beatrice Ifor. Whilst a student at art college he managed to become Beatrice's fiancé, and eventually her lover, but when she was unable to return his violent passion he grew bored with her and married another woman. After some years he found that Beatrice had gone incurably insane.
The novel alternates these flashbacks with Sammy's increasing terror and despair. Then, just as he loses all self-control and cries for help, he is abruptly released by the camp commandant, who apologises, outraged that an officer should have been humiliated like this.
Characters.
When did I lose my freedom? For once, I was free... Free-will cannot be debated but only experienced, like a colour or the taste of potatoes. I remember one such experience. I was very small and I was sitting on the stone surround of the pool and fountain in the centre of the park... The gravelled paths of the park radiated from me: and all at once I was overcome by a new knowledge. I could take whichever I would of these paths...
I do not believe that rational choice stood any chance of exercise. I believe that my child's mind was made up for me as a choice between good and wicked fairies. Miss Pringle vitiated her teaching. She failed to convince, not by what she said, but by what she was. Nick persuaded me to his natural scientific universe by what he was, not by what he said. I hung for an instant between two pictures of the universe; then the ripple passed over the burning bush and I ran towards my friend...

</doc>
<doc id="9845997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9845997" title="Stash (EP)">
Stash (EP)

Stash is an EP released by Cypress Hill in 2002 and includes various, and mainly previously released remixes of their songs. The EP was heavily criticized for being censored for profanity (see Notes).
Notes.
All remixes are 'clean' versions with the exception of "Throw Your Set In The Air".

</doc>
<doc id="9846041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846041" title="StormReady">
StormReady

StormReady is a community preparedness program in the United States that encourages government entities and commercial gathering sites to prepare for severe storms. The program, sponsored by the United States National Weather Service, issues recognition to communities and sites across the country that demonstrate severe weather readiness. The program is voluntary, and provides communities with clear-cut advice from a partnership with the local National Weather Service Office, state and local emergency managers, and the media. The program has been credited with saving the lives of more than 50 movie-goers in Van Wert County, Ohio in November 2002. As of June 1, 2011, there were 1,752 StormReady sites in 50 states.
History and background.
The United States experiences, on average, about 10,000 thunderstorms, 5,000 floods, and 1,000 tornadoes, as well as an average of 2 deadly hurricanes, each year. Some 90% of all presidentially-declared disaster areas are weather-related, leading to around 500 deaths per year and nearly $14 billion in damage.
StormReady was initiated in 1999 in Tulsa, Oklahoma, in an area which has experienced a number of severe tornadoes; there has been at least one tornado in the Tulsa area each year since 1950. Its sponsors saw formal recognition as a way to increase cooperation among the various agencies responsible for disaster preparedness.
The program was originally called StormWise; in 2002, the StormReady logo and name became officially registered trademarks of the National Weather Service. The program has increased its scope at a steady rate ever since. Walt Disney World received the recognition in 2006. The sites in June 2011 comprised 874 counties, 721 communities, 72 universities, 10 Native American tribal nations, 37 commercial sites, and 36 military/government sites.
A TsunamiReady program has been instituted using many of the same criteria. There are currently 84 TsunamiReady Sites in 10 states, Puerto Rico and Guam and 144 StormReady Supporters
Recognition.
To be officially StormReady, a community or site must:
At a minimum, NOAA Weather Radios, with tone alert and/or Specific Area Message Encoding capability, must be located at four sites within StormReady communities including emergency operations centers, 24-hour warning points, city hall, and all school superintendent offices. In addition to being in homes and offices, NOAA recommends that NOAA Weather Radios also be at the following locations: courthouses, libraries, schools, day care centers, movie theaters, hospitals, senior citizen homes, recreation facilities, sports arenas, public utilities, fairgrounds, and other sites where the general public may gather.
The National Weather Service (NWS) SKYWARN storm spotter program trains emergency managers, dispatchers, other first responders such as police officers and firefighters, and the general public on how to stay vigilant by identifying features in clouds that usually preclude the occurrence of severe weather. Trained SKYWARN storm spotters report hazardous weather conditions to their local NWS offices; amateur radio operators are also invited to participate.
An advisory board, composed of National Weather Service warning coordination meteorologists and state and local emergency managers, reviews applications from municipalities and visits the locations to verify the steps made in the process to become StormReady. StormReady communities must stay freshly prepared, because the designation is only valid for three years.
Funding.
The National Weather Service does not fund the program in forms other than review and recognition. One of its goals is to help local emergency managers justify costs and purchases related to supporting their hazardous weather-related programs. It does, however, issue a sign that communities may display.
Success.
A tornado struck and destroyed a movie theater in Van Wert County on November 10, 2002, about 28 minutes after a tornado warning was issued. Media coverage of the event emphasized that the theater was screening the film Santa Clause 2 - there were a number of children at the show.
The first StormReady Community Hero Award was presented to Van Wert County Emergency Manager Rick McCoy, County Commissioner Gary Adams, and Van Wert City Mayor Stephen Gehres for establishing the county's StormReady program with the NWS. Van Wert Cinemas assistant manager Scott Shaffer was given the NWS Public Service Award for ushering moviegoers to safety after hearing the warning; he had attended a meeting sponsored by local emergency management agencies, and was able to direct the theater patrons to the safest areas within the building.

</doc>
<doc id="9846086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846086" title="Fnar">
Fnar

Fnar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9846101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846101" title="March 2007 lunar eclipse">
March 2007 lunar eclipse

A total lunar eclipse took place on March 3, 2007, the first of two eclipses in 2007. The moon entered the penumbral shadow at 20:18 UTC, and the umbral shadow at 21:30 UTC. The total phase lasted between 22:44 UTC and 23:58 UTC with a distinctive brick-red shade (L=3 to L=4 on the Danjon scale). The moon left the umbra shadow at 01:11 UTC and left the penumbra shadow at 02:24 UTC 2007-03-04. The second lunar eclipse of 2007 occurred on August 28.
The previous lunar eclipse on September 7, 2006 was partial.
This eclipse is the first of two lunar eclipses to occur in 2007, the second being on 28 August 2007.
Viewing.
The whole event was visible from Europe, Africa, parts of South America, and some areas of North America, Asia, and Western Australia. In North America, part of the event was visible at moonrise.
Relation to other lunar eclipses.
Saros series.
It last occurred on February 20, 1989 and will next occur on March 14, 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="9846143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846143" title="Firth of Fifth">
Firth of Fifth

Firth of Fifth is the third track on the album "Selling England by the Pound" by British progressive rock band Genesis.
The title is a pun on the estuary of the River Forth in Scotland, commonly known as the Firth of Forth. 
The song starts out with a classical-style grand piano introduction played by Tony Banks. This section is rhythmically complex, with certain bars in the rare time signatures of 13/16 and 15/16, alternating with bars of 2/4. This section changes tempo and segues into the first section of lyrics, accompanied by Phil Collins on drums and a chord progression between the Hammond organ (Banks) and guitar (Steve Hackett). The song then features a flute melody played by Peter Gabriel, followed by a synth-driven instrumental section which restates the opening piano theme. Hackett then plays the flute melody using violin-like guitar tones. Peter Gabriel then sings a brief section of lyrics before Banks concludes the song on piano. 
"Firth of Fifth" is featured on their second compilation album, "Platinum Collection" (2004). Although it is credited to the entire band, Banks would later claim that much of the music was developed from his own ideas. Banks' authorship has been confirmed by Mike Rutherford and Steve Hackett, who called it "one of Tony's finest." Banks and Rutherford wrote the lyrics. Banks would later state in Hugh Fielder's "The Book of Genesis" that it was one of the worst sets of lyrics he has been involved with.
From autumn 1973 onwards, the song's piano intro was omitted during live performances. Banks felt he could not do the intro justice on the RMI electric piano he used on stage instead of a proper piano, as the RMI was not touch-sensitive. 
The song appeared in instrumental form (the middle keyboard and guitar solos) as part of the 1992 "We Can't Dance" tour and 1998 "Calling All Stations" tour, as well as in 2007's '. The instrumental segues directly into "I Know What I Like (In Your Wardrobe)" in 1992 and 2007 versions. It also appears on Steve Hackett's solo album of re-worked Genesis songs, ' (1996), with lead vocal by John Wetton, as well as on Hackett's live album "The Tokyo Tapes". The song was also included as an encore on his Genesis Revisited tour (2013-2014), featured on the live album "Genesis Revisited: Live at Hammersmith".
In 2009 the DJ Absolut sampled parts from the guitar solo for the song "Flashback Memories" for the mixtape "Blood On Chef's Apron" with MC's The Game and Raekwon.

</doc>
<doc id="9846147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846147" title="A City in Winter">
A City in Winter

__FORCETOC__
A City in Winter is a novel by Mark Helprin, first published in 1996. Though it is considered a children's novel, it is mixture of war novel and a satire of bureaucracy, telling the story of a 10-year-old queen's quest to regain her throne.
Summary.
All three books in this trilogy, "Swan Lake", "A City in Winter", and the final novel in the series, "The Veil of Snows" abound in winter season atmosphere and fairy tale magic. This imaginative novel continues the story of "Swan Lake" in which an unnamed country girl hears from her beloved tutor the story of a prince and his beautiful lover Odette who are usurped from their kingdom by evil forces. By the book's end, the child has realized that she is the couple's daughter, and therefore, the rightful heir to the throne.
As "A City in Winter" begins, the youthful heir to the frosty kingdom is an adult, restored to the throne as queen. The story is told in flashback to her unborn child; she recalls her return to the city at age ten, and tells how the restoration came about. The events center on the period when the heroine slipped into the enormous city of the usurper, and took a job as a yam curler in the palace. Interestingly, as the unnamed girl's foe, the usurper is also never given a proper name: ""His face was scarred and twisted, his towering form draped in black robes that flew in his wake like the wings of a crow that dies in midair and cartwheels to the ground. He wore a mask that made him look like death itself."”"
The girl finds in the capital city a million loyalists and former soldiers, all united by an oath of rebellion, waiting for a leader whose prophetic return will be heralded by a dimmed sun and a burning angel. In her quest to remove the usurper, the main character befriends a number of these outwardly obedient, inwardly rebellious people, including the baker-slave Notorincus and his slave-of-a-slave, Astrahn, a former general of the Damavand and renowned tactician, who brave terrifying odds with humor and selflessness to protect the protagonist, while unaware that she is their queen. For example, Notorincus reveals his cry of battle to be "“I’ll never bake another waffle-torte for a single imperial soldier as long as I live!""
While the young girl does eventually regain the palace, her victory does not come without sacrifice. Near the novel's end, the child's tutor arrives in the city to aid her, and knowing that the citizens will not accept her as queen without the prophetic appearance of a burning angel. In a sequence of events that forces the audience to question whether or not "A City in Winter" should be considered a children's novel, the tutor douses himself with kerosene, lights a match, and as the people of the city watch, throws himself from an enormous tower to the city square below. "“They say that as he fell, he flew, tumbling and wheeling in the air in slow motion, his arms outspread with all his strength, the fire trailing like the tail of a comet.”" It is not until this final act that the 10-year old girl is able to open the doors of the palace to find the city bowing before her.
Awards.
"A City in Winter" won the World Fantasy Award for Best Novella in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="9846186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846186" title="Hughie">
Hughie

Hughie is a short two-character play by Eugene O’Neill set in the lobby of a small hotel on a West Side street in midtown New York during the summer of 1928. The play is essentially a long monologue delivered by a small time hustler named Erie Smith to the hotel’s new night clerk Charlie Hughes, lamenting how Smith’s luck has gone bad since the death of Hughie, Hughes' predecessor. O’Neill wrote "Hughie" in 1942, although it did not receive its world premiere until 1958, when it was staged in Sweden at the Royal Dramatic Theatre with Bengt Eklund as Erie Smith. It was first staged in English at the Theater Royal in Bath, England in 1963 with Burgess Meredith as Erie.
The play was first presented on Broadway in 1964 starring Jason Robards as Erie and directed by José Quintero. Robards received a Tony Award nomination for his performance, and revived the production in 1975 in Berkeley, California with Jack Dodson as Charlie Hughes. Robards and Dodson returned to perform it at the Hyde Park Festival Theatre in 1981 and the Trinity Repertory Theatre in Providence, Rhode Island in 1991, also televising their performances in 1984 for PBS.
"Hughie" has been produced on Broadway twice since the 1964 Robards/Quintero production. In 1975 it was paired in repertory with another short play, "Duet", this time with Ben Gazzara as Erie (who also won a Tony Award nomination for the role), and in 1996 by the Circle in the Square Theatre in a production directed by and starring Al Pacino. The designers for that production were David Gallo (sets), Donald Holder (lights), Candice Donnelly (costumes) and John Gromada (sound). The Goodman Theater in Chicago put on the play in January and February 2010, with Brian Dennehy in the title role. The production was variously well-reviewed, with emphasis on Dennehy's strong performance. The play will be revived in 2013 at the Shakespeare Theatre Company in Washington, D.C. with Richard Schiff as Erie. 
"Hughie" has been televised at least four times in addition to the 1984 Robards/Dodson version: in 1959 (for Swedish television), 1960 (Norwegian television), 1963 (Dutch television) and 1983 (French television).

</doc>
<doc id="9846188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846188" title="Danny Bampton">
Danny Bampton

Danny Bampton (born 6 March 1980 in Brisbane, Australia) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian National Rugby League competition. He primarily played at centre.

</doc>
<doc id="9846328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846328" title="Conscription in Israel">
Conscription in Israel

Conscription exists in Israel for all Israeli citizens over the age of 18, although non-Druze Arab citizens of Israel are exempt; other exceptions are made on religious, physical or psychological grounds (see Profile 21). The normal length of compulsory service is currently three years for men and two years for women.
Despite a general impression that the majority of Israeli citizens are conscripted, only about 50% of potential conscripts actually serve in the military. Others do not serve for a variety of reasons, including religious study, minority community exemptions, refusal to serve, "low motivation", and a criminal record.
The Defense Service Law (חוק שירות ביטחון) regulates these duties and exceptions. According to the Defense Service Law, the enlistment to the Israeli Defense Forces is mandatory for all Israeli citizens who have turned 18 (with the above-mentioned exemptions enshrined in the Defense Service Law).
Military service obligation.
In 1949, after the founding of the State of Israel, the Defense Service Law gave the IDF the authority to enlist any citizen. Draftees would then be required to show up for the draft in accordance with the military's decision to enlist them. Under this law, the period of service for men was 30 months and for women 18 months (although in accordance with a temporary order from January 10, 1968, six additional months were added to the mandatory service.) The draft requirement applies to any citizen or permanent resident who has reached the age of 18, and in accordance with the law, the individuals who are exempt from the draft are dismissed for various reasons, such as incapability, medical problems, military personnel needs, etc. Many of the soldiers who complete their mandatory military service are later obligated to serve in a reserve unit in accordance with the military's needs.
Medical profiles.
The IDF determines a medical profile for each soldier, and according to that profile, the army decides where to assign the draftees to. Draftees with low profiles (Profile 21) and draftees diagnosed as not suitable for military service are exempt. The highest profile is 97.
Exemption from service.
Although the conscription is officially compulsory, in practice a significant percentage of the population does not enlist for various reasons. Among other things, recent decades have seen a growing phenomenon of draft dodging from military service, mainly due to conscience or political reasons (See Refusal to serve in the Israeli military). Exemptions have come under attack on grounds of fairness, and also because of a perceived shortage of combat personnel.
Yeshiva students who declare that "Torah study is their artistry" ("Torato Omanuto") (תורתו אומנותו) can delay their conscription as long as they continue their studies, under the so-called "Tal Law". In practice, many of them end up never serving at all. This is a very controversial issue in Israel and key to religious relations in Israel. Several attempts were made to change the practice, notably the establishment of the Tal committee in 1999, which led to the "Tal Law", implemented in 2002. Yet the "Torato Omanuto" exemption continued largely unchanged. The Tal Law was later ruled unconstitutional in its current form, and a replacement is needed before August 2012. Most beneficiaries of this exemption are Haredi Jews. Members of the Religious Zionist sector often serve within a separate system called Hesder which combines advanced Talmudic studies with military service in the Israel Defense Forces. The IDF also tends to make the military service easier for recruits at an older age and recruits with families, as well as athletes and musicians of note.
From time to time a public debate emerges in Israel around the issue of exemption from military service in Israel.
Draft process.
The military draft process occurs in the following steps:
The Army calls upon a potential soldier in a letter and this is called the "First Calling" or Tzav Rishon. This letter states that the teenager must report to a certain place at a certain time for a day long examination and interviewing.
After careful looking over of the Tzav Rishon's results the army will call the people to enlist when they turn a certain age to being the army process and basic training.
Deferment.
There are various routes which allow the draftees to postpone the date of recruitment. An automatic postponement is granted for student to graduate from high school. Additional routes which lead to the postponing of the recruitment:
Incompatibility and adjustment difficulties.
During the drafting process sometimes draftees get exempted from the draft because of incompatibility. Sometimes the incompatibility of an individual is determined later on during his or her military service, and leads to dismissal from the army. The incompatibility may stem from various reasons:
When there is a surplus of recruits, the military often raises the threshold required of recruits, and grants an exemption due to incompatibility to a much larger number of recruits. In addition, there is a widespread phenomenon of granting exemption from military service because of incompatibility to female candidates whom were identified as having a low medical profile and/or low motivation to serve. In such cases the reason for the exemption would usually be stated as: "Excess of female recruits."
The IDF can also determine that a draftee has adjustment difficulties. A soldier with adjustment difficulties would not serve as a combat soldier.
Volunteering.
A draftee found unfit for military service may still choose to volunteer for military service; his status will be similar to all the other draftees found to be fit for service. Once enlisted, these volunteers cannot choose to quit the military early.
Civilian national service.
There is an alternative voluntary civilian national service in Israel for those that cannot or do not wish to serve in the Israel Defense Forces. 

</doc>
<doc id="9846329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846329" title="Sincerely Dears...">
Sincerely Dears...

Sincerely Dears... is Yukari Tamura's second compilation album, released on March 28, 2007. It contains a bonus DVD with a digest version of her 2006 concert tour "*fancy baby doll*" filmed in Tokyo and Fukuoka and a "Special Photo Book".
DVD.
Concert Tour 2006 *fancy baby doll*　Special Edition

</doc>
<doc id="9846338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846338" title="Silver moony">
Silver moony

The silver moony, also known as mono argentus, silver moonfish, fingerfish or Malayan angel, is a perciform fish, usually found in the Red Sea and East Africa to Samoa, north to the Yaeyama Islands, south to New Caledonia and Australia. The silver moony has a silver body in a triangular shape. The big eyes are crossed by a dark ray. Its fins are silver with yellow reflection. Both, yellow and dark colouring, are fading with age. It is also confused, though rarely, with "Monodactylus sebae", but easily distinguished by its other black ray that crosses where its tail starts, darker color and less yellow coloration. It is commonly called fingerfish because its genus Monodactylus means "one finger". It is also sometime called "Sea Angel" in the pet shops.
In the aquarium.
One of the most commonly kept in brackish water aquaria. It is a shoaling fish that needs to be in groups of three and can grow up to 12 inches, but more commonly 8 inches in aquaria. The biggest requirement for this fish is that as a juvenile it resides in mild brackish water, but travels downstream to ocean, which means as it grows, it needs to be acclimated to increasing specific gravity or salinity. To mimic this in the home aquarium, it should be started at 3-4 tablespoons of marine salt per gallon of water for juveniles. An extra tablespoon would then be added monthly during water changes, the salt should always be dissolved completely in a separate container. It should be continued until about a cup of marine salt per gallon is being added, which is the normal marine salinity. To be more accurate, a swing handle or a floating hydrometer should be used to accurately measure the specific gravity, that needs to be raised by 0.002 every month, starting from 1.008 for juveniles to 1.023-1.024 for adults. It may be kept with other marine fish in an FOWLR marine aquarium, provided it is large enough.
Feeding is not much of an issue because they will eat anything once they are acclimated. They will eat flake food, pellet food, bloodworms, tubifex, brine shrimp, spirulina, etc. They also need much vegetable matter, so feed them lettuce, spinach, whatever leafy greens are on hand.
Tankmates are not much of a worry, as long as they are peaceful such as archerfish, Scatophagidae, mollies, halfbeaks, etc. They prefer to be in schools and will normally chase each other to establish a pecking order.
There have not been any reports about spawning in aquaria, and sexual differences are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9846341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9846341" title="Glangevlin">
Glangevlin

Glangevlin () or The Kingdom of Glan is situated in the northwest of County Cavan, Ireland, at the junction of the R200 and R207 regional roads. It is surrounded by the Cuilcagh Mountains and borders the counties of Leitrim and Fermanagh.
A large stone known as 'Maguire's chair' is deposited on the right hand side of the road, roughly 4 miles from Glangevlin village, so-called because it was supposedly the inauguration site of the Maguire clan in medieval times.
Glangevlin has a strong traditional Irish background and Irish was spoken up until the 1920s, one of the last places in Cavan where this was commonplace.
Etymology.
The modern interpretation of Glangevlin is "Glen with the Fork", but traditionally the name is said to derive from the mythical cow which belonged to Gaibhnen, the blacksmith of the Tuatha Dé Danann. The Book of Magauran, written c.1340, spells it as but it has also been spelled , as in this scribal note to the "Poems on the O'Reillys":
""I am in Gleann Gaibhneann, now called Gleann Gaibhle, to-day, the vigil of the feast of John the Baptist, 1599.""
The Gap of Glan was supposedly created by the cow when it ran away from the blacksmith's forge. In the townland of in Glan is shown the site of Gaibhlean's forge today. MacKillop's Celtic Dictionary gives:
"”Glas Ghaibhleann, Gaibhleann, Ghaibhnann, Ghaibhnenn, Ghoibhneann, Gavelen, Gaivlen, Glasgavelen glas, green, greenish blue; of Gaiblín (?), of Goibniu (?). Celebrated, magical cow, white with green spots, whose inexhaustible supply of milk signalled prosperity. The original owner is a matter of some dispute, possibly Goibniu the smith or Gaiblín, a farmer of Co. Cavan or Balor the Formorian of Tory Island"."
History.
This region was reputedly inhabited as far back as 5000 years ago, when tribes such as the Tuatha Dé Danann, the Fomorians, the Milesians and the Celts found their way up the rivers Erne and Shannon. The evidence for this settlement can be seen in the form of the dolmens, ringed forts, caiseals, passage graves and lake dwellings associated with the area. These numerous caves and underground passages provided a shelter for these early settlers. The Ringed Forts were built as a defense against the wolves and eagles during the Bronze Age and were even used up to the 12th Century and later. They were built of clay, stone and bushes.
In the 1609 Plantation of Ulster, Glangevlin formed part of lands which were granted to John Sandford Esq. by letters patent dated 7 July 1613 (Pat. 11 James I – LXXI – 38, "‘Glangewley’"). It was later granted to Sir Toby Caulfield, Master of the Ordnance by letters patent of 12 July 1620 (Pat. 19 James I. XI. 45, "‘Glangewly’").
In early 1708 the famous harpist Turlough O'Carolan was travelling to Mayo from Fermanagh when he was caught in a snowstorm in Glangevlin. He and his guide were forced to take shelter in a miserable cabin where he spent a few days waiting for the snow to clear. Whilst on the muddy mountainside with nothing but water to drink he composed the famous air ""Lament for Sir Ulick Bourke"".
The Roman Catholic parish of Glangevlin formed part of Templeport parish until 1750 when it was hived off into a separate parish.
John O'Donovan visited Glan on Monday 16 May 1836 for the purpose of the Ordnance Survey then taking place. He states:–
""After having procured a kind of a dinner at the head Inn of Swanlinbar, wishing to lose no time in that uninteresting village we directed our course southwestwards for about three miles through the Parish of Kil Naile, and then turned northwestwards to make our way into the centre of the wild valley of Glen Gavlen, a distance of 8 long Irish miles. This is the worst road and perhaps the wildest district I ever saw. Situated between the two lofty and barren Mountains of Cailceach and Sliabhan-Iarainn, this valley will never induce mankind to run a railroad through it; its sides are precipitous and rocky, defying the exertions of the plough and the wheeled car, and even of the side car! The loy (a peculiar long spade) only can be used to form the nidus for the potato and grain. The snow lies brooding on the mountains on either side till late in Spring (which prevents early tillage) and when dissolving before the south wind warmed by the sun of spring it (i.e. the snow turned into water) overfloods and injures the sloping fields, the Mistks and Meenies of this Valley of Gavlen. Its road (if road it might be called) is precipitous and stony, and intersected by many deep and rough glens with their mountain streams (now nearly dried up) which makes it very difficult to run a rail road from the City of Bawnboy to that of the Black Lion. Perhaps the future industry of the men of Hy Briuin Breifny may open this important communicaion after they shall have again set up Magauran as the Lord of the Tribe of Eochy (Tullyhaw)! We lodged in a farmer's house in Glen Gavlen for two days; on Tuesday we directed our course northwards through the parish of Templeport, over a very bad, rough, rocky road and indulged our curiosity by visiting the large spring well in the Townland of Derrylahan in which the Shannon (according to tradition) had its source. It is a round deep pool throwing out a stream of considerable size which the country people call the Shannon. The pool itself is called by some Poll Lagan Sionna, and Lag Bhun na Sionna by others. From this pool we directed our course through the Parish of Killoynagh to hear the names of the townlands in it prounouned in Irish by the natives. They speak the Irish very well but retain no traditions connected with the old Church except that it was built by St.Bridget and St. Leyny, from the latter of whom it and its Parish have received its name. There are two wells dedicated to them which are set down in the name Books and which will consequently appear on the Map. Of St. Leyny nothing is now remembered but that he was a Leinsterman who, falling in love with St. Bridget, followed her hither, but who, when St. Bridget plucked out her eyes to destroy her beauty, repented, became a Saint and built this Church by which he transmitted his memory to posterity with more success than he would have by marrying the beautiful-eyed Bridget. When St. Leynie declared that he was in love with St. Bridget she asked with what part of her he was in love. He answered, with her eyes, upon hearing which she plucked out her eyes saying, here they are for you - a wonderful thing for one to do, who was herself a bastard. After getting the names of the Parish of Kil-Loynie we returned from the Black Lion and Lough Macnean to our host in Glenn Gaibhlean, and the next morning we remeasured our journey along the craggy and precipitous road between the mountains, the only pass out of this dreary district and proceeded southwards through the Parish of Templeport with a view of seeing Father Philip Magauran, a lineal descendant of the last chief of the tribe of Eochy (Tullyhaw) but he was not at home.""
The Kingdom of Glan is described by Lewis (1837) as a mountainous district between the counties of Fermanagh and Leitrim, generally known as the country of the MacGaurans. Around 1837 there was no public road, only one difficult pass; the Gap of Beal. At that time the area was approximately 16 miles in length by 7 in breadth, and was densely inhabited by a 'primitive race' known as Mac Gaurans and Dolans, who (it was reported) intermarried and observed some peculiar customs; electing their own king and queen from the ancient race of the Mac Gaurans, to whom they paid implicit obedience. It was also stated by Samuel Lewis that their sole occupation was tilling the land and attending the cattle; potatoes and milk, sometimes with oaten bread, being their chief food; and that "the want of a road by which the produce of the district might be taken to the neighbouring markets operates as a discouragement to industry and an incentive to the illicit application of their surplus corn."

</doc>
