<doc id="9721773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721773" title="George Right Smith">
George Right Smith

George Right Smith (May 1, 1837 – April 29, 1903) elevated from Private to the rank of 1st Lieutenant in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War, later farmer and notable citizen of Georgia.
Early life.
George grew up with his 21 brothers and sisters on his daddy's farm in Georgia. John J. Smith, his father, owned a farm on "411 highway near Mrs Rebecca Latimer Felton's at Cartersville". John, with only the help of those 22 children (most of whom did not survive to adulthood) and his wife, raised cotton, corn, hay, wheat and oats, and owned a cotton gin, and a mill to grind wheat and corn that they farmed. His place was fenced to keep in the hogs and cattle that were driven down on his place by what was known then as the Old Federal Road. As the 9th of 22 children, and with such a large place, George was one busy young man.
The Rowland Highlanders.
After tensions had heightened between the north and south, and news of secession had spread, W.T. Wofford, a businessman, raised a confederate company in Cass County, Ga. (now Bartow County) northwest of Atlanta on April 10, 1861. George enlisted just before his 24th birthday into Company H of what soon became Wofford's 18th Georgia Regiment on June 13, 1861. Later they also became known as the ""Rowland Highlanders"." The company was assigned to the 18th Georgia Regiment on April 26, only two months before George Smith signed on. At this time, W.T. Wofford was elevated to the rank of Commissioned Colonel and given command of the regiment. Shortly thereafter, the 18th was assigned to the 4th Brigade of Georgia Volunteers and moved to Camp McDonald at Big Shanty, Ga. (now Kennesaw) for training.
On July 31, 1861, just six weeks after George enlisted, a public "Grand Review" of the brigade was held in Big Shanty. This parade of the troops, in fresh uniforms and good shoes, full of fanfare and bravado was shortly followed by the 4th Brigade being assigned to the command of General W. Philips on September 9, 1861. The brigade moved to Lynchburg, Va. to set up camp, awaiting orders to defend the honor of Dixie.
After two long, dull months of patrolling in the Lynchburg area that fall season, the Georgia Volunteers moved to Goldsboro, NC in anticipation of an attack on the North Carolina coast. The attack, however, never came...
November 18, 1861, the 18th Georgia Regiment reported to General W.C. Whiting at Dumfries, VA, north of Fredericksburg, to guard against a possible attack on Richmond. While here on bivouac, the 18th was reassigned to the now infamous Texas Brigade under the command of General Wigfall on Jan 14, 1862. The Texas Brigade at that time consisted of the 1st, 4th, and 5th Texas Regiments, the 5th Alabama Regiment, and now the 18th Georgia Regiment. For the remainder of the winter of 1861 the 18th patrolled and scouted the Dumfries area.
Then, coincidentally the same day as the great Naval battle between the "Monitor" and the "Virginia", March 9, 1862, Whiting's command joined Holmes's command at Fredericksburg. This was part of a general withdrawal of troops to south of the Rappahannock River. In April, Gen. John B. Hood succeeded Gen. Wigfall as Commander of the Texas Brigade at Dumfries. The unit's official designation was now Company H, 18th Georgia Regiment, Hood's Texas Brigade, Whiting's Division, Army of Northern Virginia.
Little known to anyone, the war was about to heat up significantly for everyone. Company H, along with the rest of Hood's Texas brigade, would become one of the most engaged units in the war.
The Peninsula Campaign.
Battle of Seven Pines (See also Wikipedia's Seven Pines) – From May 7 through June 11, 1862, the Texas Brigade received their first real test in battle around the Richmond area. Their first taste of action was in a small engagement around West Point, VA on May 7. This small holding action was considered a success as a newly landed Union division under General William Franklin was held in check by only three Confederate brigades, including the Texas Brigade and a young Private George R Smith. 
Then, on May 24, 1862, there were several skirmishes at Seven Pines, Savage Station, and Chickahominy. These led up to the battle May 31 at Seven Pines, also known as Fair Oaks to the Union soldiers. Seven Pines is the name of an intersection seven miles (11 km) east of Richmond where the Williamsburg "old stage" road intersected with the Nine-mile road. About one mile (1.6 km) from Seven Pines, where the Nine-mile road crossed the Richmond and York River Railroad, there is a station called Fair Oaks.
It was in this area that confederate General Gustavus Smith said:
It was indeed one of the bloodiest to that day.
The Texas Brigade, and the 18th Georgia Regiment, with George Smith was now assigned to General Daniel H. Hill's Division. They were stationed on the Williamsburg road awaiting support troops from Generals Longstreet, Whiting and Huger. However, for many reasons support did not arrive at the appointed time or place.
The night before, a terrific storm lashed the entire area badly. Prior to the battle, General Hill, seeing the rough terrain of the area as a hazard, had his men place a white cloth around their hats as a precaution to serve as a battle-badge. As it turned out, this was a great idea that may have aided immensely in the outcome... All were in dense marshy woods, or on the terribly muddy road wading through water two to three feet deep and through thick underbrush.
At the beginning of the battle, George Smith found himself positioned about west and in front of the Federal picket-line. The federals, novices of Silas Casey's division, were hunkered down in flooded rifle pits. At 1 o'clock in the afternoon, the impatient General Hill's signal guns were fired to begin the attack, and Hill's division immediately moved forward unsupported. The union line shuddered under Hill's initial blow. Some units broke and ran... On seeing this, the union put forward one regiment to support the picket-line.
After two hours of close and bloody fighting, Hill's division, unaided, had overrun the entire Federal first line of defense and was closely pressing upon their second line. However, the next day, all of the land gained in the first day's battle was lost. 6100 Confederate and 5000 Federals were killed, wounded, or missing during the 2 day battle.
Of note, here, it was during the Battle of Seven Pines that General Robert E. Lee took command of the Army of Northern Virginia after General Joseph Johnston fell wounded on June 1. Lee officially assumed command June 1, 1862.
Gaines Mill and the Battle of Cold Harbor – On June 11, 1862, the Texas Brigade left the Richmond area near Seven Pines to join Stonewall Jackson's command in the Blue Ridge Gap east of Port Republic. Lee knew that, in order to defend Richmond he MUST attack. Jackson's command was ordered immediately back to Richmond to join in the Peninsula Campaign and what came to be known as the Seven Days Battle, June 25 to July 1.
The Texas Brigade, arriving well ahead of Jackson but a day later than planned, was used as a shock troop unit to break the Federal center at Cold Harbor, northeast of Richmond near the Chickahominy River. It was the second day of battle when General John Hood reported to General Longstreet who was already engaged in battle. With the 18th Georgia Regiment leading the charge, George Smith's unit broke the line.
The 18th was the first unit through the gap, and suffered 146 killed or wounded. George R. Smith was hit in the knee, wounded by a Minié ball. Together, the two armies lost 15,000 men in a single afternoon. According to an article written later by General Longstreet, the Confederates ""...captured many thousand stand of arms, 52 pieces of artillery, large quantities of supplies, and General Reynolds."" Lee's men continued to pursue the Union soldiers southward.
From June 28 to the 30th, the 18th Georgia Regiment found itself once again engaged in skirmishes and movements around the White Oak Swamp near Fair Oaks and Seven Pines. When they arrived at the swamp, finding the bridge they were to cross destroyed and federal troops on the south bank, Jackson deployed his artillery. They opened fire on the south bank in a terrific bombardment, the sudden furosity of which wreaked havoc on the Union forces there. A Vermont soldier wrote: ""It was as if a nest of earthquakes had suddenly exploded under our feet."" An artillery duel ensued, and continued through the day.
Battle of Malvern Hill – A Union "victory" finally came on July 1 after a successful general withdrawal of Union forces to Malvern Hill. General McClellan was forced to settle his union soldiers into a battle at Malvern instead of his choice of Harrison's Landing to "give the enemy a blow that would check his further pursuit." He deployed his forces in a U-shaped defense on the hill with more than two dozen cannon overlooking wheat fields to the front. Hood's men, with George Smith, was deployed to the extreme left of the Confederate lines, east of Willis Church Road near Poindexter.
Lee's men were forced to advance across open fields and climb steep slopes to reach the federal positions. The federal cannons rained terror on the advancing Confederates with cruel efficiency. They were further supported by fire from the gunboats Galena and Mahaska in the James River, which lobbed huge shells toward the battlefield. Still, wave after wave of Confederates moved onto the field, ""...grim and silent as death itself"" mused one federal.
The killing stopped only after the sun fell below the horizon, revealing a horrific sight; hundreds of dead, and thousands of wounded. A Union cavalry officer remarked that the sight gave the field "a gruesome crawling appearance." Even with its sublime position, the federals lost 3000 men at Malvern Hill, while the Confederates lost 5000.
Total losses during the Seven Days Battle included 15,849 Union losses killed, wounded, or missing compared to the Confederate's 19,749 killed, wounded, or missing. At a cost of nearly 20,000 lives, Lee had defended Richmond, pushing the Union Army of the Potomac back to the James River. Later, in August, the Army of the Potomac withdrew from the Peninsula, ending the Peninsula Campaign and the Battle of Seven Days.
Campaign of Northern Virginia.
Second Battle of Manassas (Bull Run) – (See also Wikipedia's 2nd Battle of Bull Run) After July 1, 1862 the Texas Brigade remained encamped on Mechanicsville Road, just three miles (5 km) above Richmond until mid-August, giving George Smith time to mend his wounded knee. On August 13, the brigade marched about northwest to Gordonsville to join General Longstreet's Corps. On August 22, 1862, the brigade was held in reserve during a series of skirmishes that drove the Union forces back across the Rappahannock River, and resulted in the capture of General Bohlen, a union general.
Four days later, on August 26, Hood's Texas Brigade in the center of General Longstreet's attack at Second Manassas, went to the relief of Stonewall Jackson. The 18th Georgia Regiment lost 19 killed and 114 wounded in the battle, also known as the Second Battle of Bull Run, which lasted until August 30. Longstreet's flank assault, combined with Jackson's counterattacks, drove the northerners back in a rout to Washington, D.C.. The northerners lost a total of 16,054 men out of a force of 70,000, while the Confederates lost only 9,197 out of a total 55,000.
The Maryland Campaign.
Battles of South Mountain and Antietam – Lee's forces surged northward into Maryland after the resounding defeat of the Union soldiers at Manassas. On September 14, 1862, General Hood led his division under General Longstreet's Corps into the Battle of South Mountain, in central Maryland, between Frederick and Hagerstown. He was sent to assist General D.H. Hill who was heavily outnumbered. After intercepting an order from General Lee to General Hill, the union soldiers under General McClellan inflicted 2,863 casualties upon the Confederates while there were only 1,831 Union casualties.
The next day, September 15, the 1,862 confederate troops left fell back to a cramped position along Antietam Creek near Sharpsburg, Maryland. By this time, Hood's troops were subsisting on green corn picked right out of the local corn fields and most of his force was barefoot. On the morning of September 17, the entire division went into reserve status to cook their first hot meal in four days. But, at sunrise, they were thrown back into the front line to assist General D.H. Hill again in the Battle of Dunker Church (also known as the Battle of Sharpsburg) against General Meade supporting Hill's left flank. It was the bloodiest single-day of battle in the entire war. The battle lasted until the evening when "an eerie silence fell on the battlefield."
Total casualties at Sharpsburg; Confederates 13,609 men, Union 12,410 men. The 18th Georgia Regiment earned the dubious honor of having the highest proportion of casualties of any civil war unit at any major engagement. They went into battle with 176 men and lost 101 of those killed, wounded, or missing. General Lee had won a tactical victory, but strategically was compelled to move quickly back to Virginia. General McClellan's forces were so beaten, he was unable to pursue.
The Chancellorsville Campaign.
Battle of Fredericksburg – Because of his action at Antietam (also known as The Battle of Sharpsburg), General Hood was given command of his own division. He maintained command of his Texas Brigade as well until November 26, 1862. Now consisting of 160 barefoot men the 18th Georgia Regiment was transferred to Cobb's Brigade, McLaws' Division, remaining in Longstreet's Corps. Cobb's brigade was composed of the 16th, 24th, and 18th Georgia Regiments, Cobb's Legion, and Phillips' Legion. The 18th Georgia Regiment remained assigned to Longstreet's Corps until the end of the war. From October 26 to November 10, 1862, George Smith's unit was involved in patrols of the region around Loudon, Faquier, and Rappahannock counties in Virginia.
General Burnside replaced McClellan on the Union side, and delayed for a number of weeks near Warrenton, Va. waiting for pontoon builders before marching his reinforced army of 120,281 men to Falmouth, across the Rappahannock River from Fredericksburg, Va.. General Lee had massed his troops in and around the Fredericksburg area. What followed was not so much a battle as a military tragedy for the Union.
On December 11, 1862 construction began of pontoon bridges to help in the Federal crossing. While they were placing the pontoons, William Barksdale's Mississippi Brigade, heavily barricaded in buildings on the shore, inflicted heavy damage on the engineers. When the engineers would no longer work, Burnside ordered a brigade to float across the river on loose pontoons, and attack the Confederate positions. This plan eventually worked, but stalled Burnside's movement across the river to his great consternation. The bulk of his force moved across the completed pontoons on December 12 during a punishing river crossing. Once across, they marched through Fredericksburg under heavy fire taking many more losses from hidden sharpshooters.
Once the city was cleared, Burnside took time to consult and plan with his officers. That evening, the officers lost control of their men as they looted homes and stores. They smashed mirrors, broke furniture, and dragged pianos into the street. "The soldiers seemed to delight in destroying everything," wrote one witness. Virtually every home and business saw Yankee looters who stuffed their bags and knapsacks with anything worth a dollar. Burnside's provost marshall finally arrived later, lashing at troops with his riding crop. He arrested platoons of prisoners as well as some mounted officers, plunder still hanging from their saddles.
Burnside rose early the morning of the 13th and ordered a series of 16 hopelessly piecemeal frontal assaults across open ground. Lee's 78,513 troops were drawn up in an impregnable position atop high ground and behind a stone wall west of the city. McLaws' division was on Marye's Heights immediately back of the city. Cobb's Georgia brigade, with the 18th Georgia Regiment, was in a sunken road during this battle hidden from view until the attackers were surprised. The main Federal attack was directed at Cobb's brigade. General Lafayette McLaws had this to say in an article written after the war about the battle:
From the beginning of the battle through the end not a single Union soldier made it to within of the wall on the sunken road. General Cobb bled to death from a hip wound within sight of the house where his parents had married, and was succeeded by General Kershaw. The 18th Georgia Regiment lost 58 of its 160 soldiers and, on the night of December 15, was relieved. That same night, the Federals withdrew with staggering losses, and Kershaw's Brigade, with George Smith, reoccupied the city. Burnside's entire long front was riddled with appalling failure. He lost 12,653 Union men, compared to Lee's total loss of only 5,309 men. Both armies went into winter quarters around Fredericksburg during the winter of '62–'63. George Right Smith was elected to the rank of Junior Second Lieutenant in January 1863 shortly after the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Battle of Chancellorsville – April 29, 1863, General Hooker (who replaced Burnside on 25 Jan 1863) moved the bulk of his force up the Rappahannock, west of Fredericksburg, in an attempt to flank Lee's army. He was astonished on May 1 when the Confederate commander suddenly moved most of his army directly against Hooker in what came to be known as the Battle of Chancellorsville.
May 1, W.T. Wofford assumed command of the Texas Brigade. Jackson's Corps, with McLaws' Division on the left flank, remained on the Fredericksburg front until the night of May 1. On that night, Jackson's force left Fredericksburg to outflank the outflanking Federal army. May 2, McLaws' Division joined with Lee's forces on Plank Road between Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville. The rest of Jackson's force started the flanking movement against Hooker's exposed right flank in the wilderness around Chancellorsville. Jackson crushed the Union's 11th Corps late in the afternoon. However, while continuing his advance, Jackson was accidentally wounded fatally by the fire of his own men when he crossed in front of the firing line of General Pender's North Carolina Brigade.
As he knelt to help a recruit load his rifle during the Battle of Chancellorsville on Plank Road, George Right Smith was also struck in the back by a mini-ball. He sat down and leaned back against a tree thinking he "would surely die." But, after a few minutes he found that the bullet had been spent after passing through his bed-roll leaving only a minor wound.
Lee continued to press the attack on May 3, and Hooker gave up the contest on May 5, retreating to his old position north of the Rappahannock. The Federal soldiers suffered 17,278 casualties at Chancellorsville, while the Confederates suffered 12,764. The 18th Georgia Regiment's casualties totaled 86; 14 killed and 72 wounded, including George Smith. Shortly thereafter, during May 1863, George R. Smith was promoted to Second Lieutenant.
The Gettysburg Campaign.
In June, 1863, General Lee launched his second invasion of the north. He advanced down the Shenandoah Valley toward Harper's Ferry, brushing aside smaller union forces near Winchester June 13 and 14. Marching through Maryland into Pennsylvania, the Confederates reached Chambersburg and turned east. They occupied York, east of Gettysburg near the Susquehanna River, and harassed Carlisle and Harrisburg to the north.
Learning to his surprise that General George Meade (who replaced Hooker) had moved Union forces north of the Potomac River, General Lee hastened to concentrate his far-flung forces. The two hostile armies came together unexpectedly at the important crossroads town of Gettysburg.
Attacking from the north and west into the city of Gettysburg, on July 1, 1863, over 28,000 Confederate soldiers finally prevailed after nine hours of desperate fighting with 18,000 union soldiers. The weight of the Confederates forced General Abner Doubleday's Union troops back through the streets of Gettysburg, to the strategic Cemetery Ridge south of town. Here, General Meade assembled the rest of his force that night.
On the second day of the battle Meade's 88,000 troops were heavily shored up in a strong fish-hook shaped defensive position. Union lines ran north from the Round Tops hills, along Cemetery Ridge, turning eastward to Culp's Hill. Lee ordered Longstreet's Corps to attack diagonally from Little Round Top northward, while General Ewell's units attacked Cemetery Hill and Culp's Hill. The Confederate attack, coming late in the afternoon, saw Longstreet capture the positions west of Little Round Top known as Peach Orchard, Wheat Field, and Devil's Den on the Federal left. But, he failed to seize the vital Little Round Top. General Kershaw had the following to say about the actions of W.T. Wofford's men of the Texas Brigade in the thick of battle:
The third day of the Battle of Gettysburg, Lee ordered General Pickett to lead a heroic frontal assault on the center line of Cemetery Ridge with some 15,000 soldiers. After a terrible two hour artillery battle, and the heroic uphill charge of thousands, only a few hundred temporarily broke the Union lines. They were thrown back suffering nearly sixty percent casualties.
The Confederates suffered 28,063 dead or wounded, and the Union forces suffered 23,049 at Gettysburg. Meade was unable to counterattack, and Lee conducted an adroit retreat into Northern Virginia. George Smith's 18th Georgia Regiment retreated to an area near Manassas Gap, in Virginia. They fought a skirmish at Snicker's Gap, Virginia on July 23, 1863, and did not see action again until October.
The Tennessee Campaign.
Battle of Chickamauga – In September 1863, Longstreet's Corps left the armies of northern Virginia by rail to join the Battle of Chickamauga in northwest Georgia, near Dalton. The corps bolstered the forces of General Bragg's Army of Tennessee. He used these reinforcements in a vicious two day battle, September 19 and 20, gaining one of the few confederate victories in the southwest. But, the 18th Georgia Regiment did not participate since they only arrived on the field the day after the battle. The Union forces, under the command of General Rosencrans, fell back into Chattanooga, Tennessee. Instead of vigorously pursuing Rosencrans and pressing the siege of Chattanooga, General Bragg encircled the city hoping to starve the Union commander into surrendering. But, by Oct 23rd, General Grant had arrived and the river route to Bridgeport was opened, the threat of starvation ended. Longstreet wrote after the war, "Our last opportunity was lost when we failed to follow the success at Chickamauga and capture or disperse the Union army."
October 28 and 29, 1863 found the 18th Georgia Regiment engaged in battles around Wauhatchie, Tennessee.
Siege of Knoxville – Bragg sent Longstreet's Corps off in a futile attempt to capture Knoxville on November 5. The 18th Georgia Regiment found itself in a small skirmish on November 15 at Little River, Tennessee. On November 27 and 28, 1863, two brigades of cavalry from Virginia joined Longstreet and 3500 men from Bragg's Army. On the 29th, Longstreet attacked Fort Loudon, but his troops were slaughtered in the ditches around the fort. He withdrew, and on December 3 started northward. By December 12, his forces arrived at Rogersville, and on the 15th he attempted to capture three brigades of Federal cavalry at Beans Station. The attempt failed.
January 16 and 17, the 18th Georgia was engaged in operations around Dandridge, Tennessee, east of Knoxville.
Mar 25, 1864, George Right Smith was promoted to the grade of 1st Lieutenant. On April 11, Longstreet received orders to return to the Army of Northern Virginia just before the violent Atlanta Campaign by the Union began. By the 5th of May he was back in the lines with the Lee's Army of Northern Virginia.
The Wilderness Campaign.
Battle of the Wilderness – On May 5, General Longstreet's corps was hit by the Federals on Old Turnpike and Orange Plank Road in the Battle of the Wilderness. But, Lee reacted immediately, attacking from the west, and two days of bitter, indecisive fighting ensued. General Grant (who had replaced General Halleck as General in Chief of the Union Armies) found both of his flanks endangered, and quickly retreated from the wilderness battlefield.
He attempted to hasten southeast to the crossroads at Spotsylvania Courthouse just southwest of Fredericksburg, but found the confederates, including the 18th Georgia, had arrived first. In extremely savage action, including hand-to-hand fighting at the famous "Bloody Angle" with Longstreet's men in the left flank, May 8 to May 19, Grant was thrown back. He lost over 17,000 men compared to only 8,000 Confederate losses at the Battle of the Wilderness. And he lost another 18,000 at Spotsylvania compared to Lee's 9,000 man loss.
Again, at North Anna River, May 22 – May 26, the Pamunky River, May 26–28, and at the Totopotomy Creek, May 28–31, he found Lee too much to handle. Finally, at Cold Harbor, June 1–12, northeast of Richmond, Grant launched several very heavy attacks against Lee's Army, which included the 18th Georgia Regiment. All of these attacks, including a near suicidal one on June 3, were repelled with grievous losses totalling over 17,000 Union soldiers. Lee's losses, although unknown, were much lighter.
After the battles east of Richmond, Lee moved his forces into Richmond and Petersburg. June 16, 1863, the Union forces, under Grant, lay siege on Petersburg in an attempt to gain control of the vital railways to Richmond. The 18th Georgia Regiment is listed as being engaged in the assault on Petersburg, June 18, 1864. The siege only lasted until July.
War's End.
The Shenandoah Battles – 1st Lt George Right Smith was hospitalized August 1864 in Petersburg for serious diarrhea combined with high fever. However, August 7, was in the unit once again as they were reassigned to operations against Sheridan's Campaign in the Shenandoah Valley where the 18th Georgia saw many small battles. August 16, they were engaged at Cedarville, and Guard Hill (Front Royal), Virginia. They next saw action at Bunker Hill, West Virginia September 2 and 3rd. On September 19, they saw action in the battles of Opequan and Winchester, Virginia. Three days later, on the 22nd, George Smith's unit saw action at the battles of Fisher's Hill and Woodstock, Virginia. And lastly, on October 19, 1864, the unit saw action in the battles of Cedar Creek, Middletown, and Belle Grove, Virginia.
Siege of Petersburg and Richmond – November 30, the unit was reassigned to the Army of Northern Virginia, and moved back to Richmond where Grant's forces lay siege to the city. Conditions were intolerably poor in Richmond and disease was rampant. On December 26, George was again hospitalized and moved to Stuart Hospital in Richmond due to continuing diarrhea, and again in January, 1865 for the same problem. By January, Tennessee and Georgia were firmly in federal hands. February 27, George Smith was placed on medical disability furlough in Richmond for 20 days, and is shown in the records back on duty March 23, 1865.
The siege on Petersburg and Richmond continued until Lee's lines were pierced, and he was forced to evacuate both cities April 2 and 3rd. An eighty-eight mile chase ensued down the Appomattox River to the southwest. Confederate forces were detained at Amelia Courthouse, waiting for delayed food supplies, and were badly cut up at Sayler's Creek (where the 18th Georgia Regiment was stationed) and Five Forks.
George Smith was furloughed sometime immediately before war's end due to continued illness, and returned home to Georgia. After Lee's surrender at Appomattox, April 9, 1865, Smith surrendered at Kingston, Georgia. His unit, Company H, "The Rowland Highlanders", of the 18th Georgia Regiment, assigned to General Kershaw's Division, under the command of Brigadier General Dudley M. DuBose, of General Longstreet's I Corps was represented at the surrender of Confederate Forces at Appomattox by five privates. The entire 18th Georgia Infantry Regiment surrendered with less than 60 members, the highest ranking of which was one Lieutenant.
Post war.
After the war, George Smith married Elizabeth Francis Barella "Fannie" Spencer who was born in 1842. After he sold two bales of hay he left behind before the war for $2000 each he bought a farm in Pinelog Hill, Georgia. They had their first child there, Thomas, in October 1867. George's family had to obtain affidavits from people with whom he had served to prove he had not deserted, in order to qualify for his pension.
Obituary.
The Calhoun Times, Calhoun, Ga., Thursday, April 30, 1903
References.
References used, but not properly cited in document but used as general resources throughout:

</doc>
<doc id="9721774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721774" title="NTFC">
NTFC

NTFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9721785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721785" title="George Cabell">
George Cabell

George Craighead Cabell (January 25, 1836 – June 23, 1906) was a nineteenth-century congressman, lawyer and editor from Virginia.
Biography.
Born in Danville, Virginia, Cabell attended Danville Academy and later the law department at the University of Virginia in 1857. After being admitted to the bar, he commenced practice in Danville in 1858. He was editor of the Republican and later Democratic Appeal in Danville and was elected commonwealth attorney on Danville in 1858, serving until 1861. At the outbreak of the Civil War, Cabell enlisted in the Confederate Army as a private in 1861, promoted to major later that year and was assigned to the 18th Regiment, Virginia Infantry. He was later promoted to colonel which he served as until the end of the war and afterwards resumed practicing law. Cabell was elected a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives in 1874, serving from 1875 to 1887. There, he was chairman of the Committee on Railways and Canals from 1877 to 1881. After being unsuccessful for reelection in 1886, he resumed practicing law in Danville, Virginia until his death in Baltimore, Maryland on June 23, 1906. Cabell was interred in Green Hill Cemetery in Danville.

</doc>
<doc id="9721813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721813" title="Penn State Lady Lions basketball">
Penn State Lady Lions basketball

The Penn State women's basketball team represents The Pennsylvania State University and plays its home games in the Bryce Jordan Center. In 2013, the Lady Lions became just the twelfth program in NCAA Division I history to reach 850 wins. Penn State has won 8 regular season Big Ten titles and the first 2 Big Ten tournament titles in 1995 and 1996. The Lady Lions have 25 NCAA tournament appearances as of 2014, the most in the Big Ten. The team's best post-season finish came in 2000 when the Lady Lions reached the Final Four before losing to eventual champion UCONN. The Lady Lions captured the WNIT title in 1998 defeating Baylor 59-56 in Waco, Texas. Notable alumni include WBCA First Team All-Americans Suzie McConnell, Susan Robinson, Helen Darling, and Kelly Mazzante. ESPN correspondent Lisa Salters is the shortest player in Lady Lions history at 5'-2". Head Coach Coquese Washington is in her eighth year coaching the Lady Lions with the 2014-15 season.
Pink Zone at Penn State.
Annually, the Lady Lions don pink jerseys in support of several organizations that fight breast cancer in what is now known as the "Pink Zone at Penn State" game. The Lady Lions were the first Division I team in the nation to wear pink jerseys, a growing trend in athletics. Then-head coach Rene Portland developed the idea in 2006 with money from the Big Ten Conference, and the first game (termed the "Think Pink" game) occurred in February 2007 against Wisconsin. In 2012, the Pink Zone at Penn State raised a record $203,000 to distribute to its beneficiaries.
All-Time Season Results.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="9721814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721814" title="GFC">
GFC

GFC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9721860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721860" title="Iowa Highway 105">
Iowa Highway 105

Iowa Highway 105 (Iowa 105) was an east–west route which ran from Lake Mills to St. Ansgar in northern Iowa. Since January 1, 1993, Iowa 105 has been known as County Road 105 (CR 105). County Road 105 was the first county road in Iowa to not follow the standard alphanumeric route numbering system.
Route description.
Iowa 105 began in Winnebago County at the intersection of Lake Street and Main Street in Lake Mills. Northbound U.S. Route 69 (US 69) traffic approached the intersection on Main Street and turned north at Lake Street; Iowa 105 began eastbound on Main Street. At the intersection today, Interstate 35 (I-35) is signed using CR 105 as a connector route. Just outside of Lake Mills, Iowa 105 entered Worth County. It met I-35 at exit 214, the northernmost exit in Iowa. Now located at this exit is the Top of Iowa welcome center.
Iowa 105 continued eastward towards Carpenter. Just west of Carpenter, the highway crossed into Mitchell County. One mile (1.6 km) east of Carpenter, Iowa 105 intersected Mitchell County Road S70, which travels north and connects to Minnesota State Highway 105. East of the intersection with CR S70, the highway traveled southeast towards St. Ansgar. It entered St. Ansgar along Main Street, before turning east on Fourth Street. Iowa 105 crossed a Canadian National Railway line before ending at U.S. Route 218 just later.
History.
Iowa Highway 105 was an original state highway designated in 1920. During its 72-year-long existence, Iowa 105's route changed very little. On December 31, 1992, most of Iowa 105 was turned over to Worth and Mitchell Counties. All of Iowa 105 in Winnebago County became Iowa Highway 971. Sections of Iowa 105 in Northwood and St. Ansgar became Iowa 972 and Iowa 973, respectively. The rest of Iowa 105 was designated County Road 105 by Worth and Mitchell Counties. CR 105 was the first numeric county route designation since Iowa began giving county routes an alphanumeric designation, e.g. County Road E41.

</doc>
<doc id="9721881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721881" title="Menedemus of Pyrrha">
Menedemus of Pyrrha

Menedemus of Pyrrha (Lesbos) (; fl. c. 350 BC, was a member of Plato's Academy, during the time of Speusippus. Upon the death of Speusippus in 339 BC, an election was held for the next scholarch of the Academy. Menedemus and Heraclides narrowly lost to Xenocrates. Menedemus left the Academy, and set up a school of his own.

</doc>
<doc id="9721898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721898" title="Church of Aphrodite">
Church of Aphrodite

The Church of Aphrodite is a Neopagan religious group founded in 1938 by Gleb Botkin (1900–1969), a Russian émigré to the United States. Monotheistic in structure, the Church believes in a singular female Goddess, who is named after the ancient Greek goddess of love, Aphrodite.
Having grown up in the Russian Imperial court, Botkin fought in the Russian civil war on the side of the counter-revolutionary forces after his father, a physician to the royal Romanov monarchy, was executed by the Bolshevik government. Fleeing to Long Island in the United States, he began writing novels and non-fiction books, mostly set in his Russian homeland, before coming to believe in a female divinity and founding the Church of Aphrodite. He won the right to register it as a religious charter in the New York State Supreme Court.
Beliefs and practices.
The relationship between the Goddess Aphrodite and the visible world may once again be illustrated by that between a mother and her child. Having given birth to a child organically, a mother proceeds to take care of it with both her body and her mind. So the Goddess in Her relation with our world is both the Universal Cause and the Universal Mind.
As it espouses a monotheistic, syncretic faith, its beliefs were not consistent with the reconstructionist Hellenic religion of Hellenismos but closer to that of Wicca.
As Neopagan scholar Chas S. Clifton noted, "Botkin's own writings anticipated by a generation the sort of Goddess religion found later in the pages of Green Egg and elsewhere," and which were propagated by Neopagan groups such as Dianic Wicca in the 1960s onward during the Second Wave feminist movement.
History.
Gleb Botkin and the Church's founding.
Gleb Botkin was born in 1900, the son of Eugene Botkin, who was the physician to the Romanovs, the Russian royal family of the time, and as such Gleb grew up in a wealthy background within the imperial household. Following the Russian Revolution of 1917, when the Bolshevik Party, a group of Marxists who wished to implement socialist reforms, took power, the monarchy was entirely abolished. A subsequent civil war broke out between those forces that supported the revolutionary government, the "Reds", and those that opposed them, the "Whites." The Bolsheviks subsequently ordered the execution of the Romanovs, fearing that the Whites would reinstate them, and so, in July 1918, the family, along with several of their closest aides, including Evgeny Botkin, were shot dead in the basement of the Ipatiev house in Ekaterinburg. His son, Gleb Botkin, continued fighting on the side of the Whites, but following their defeat, fled via Japan to the United States.
Subsequently gaining employment as a commercial illustrator, Botkin began writing a series of books, both fiction and non-fiction, including an account of his memories of the Romanovs entitled "The Real Romanovs, as Revealed by the Late Czar's Physician and His Son" (1931). Many of his fictional stories also drew from his experience and involvement with the Russian aristocracy: "Her Wanton Majesty" (1934) was a fictionalised biography of Catherine I, the wife of Tsar Peter the Great, which portrayed her as a particularly lustful figure, whilst "Immortal Woman" (1933) dealt with the story of fictional Russian composer Nikolai Dirin, who after being persecuted by the Bolsheviks flees to the United States where he settles in Long Island, the very place that Botkin himself had settled into. "Immortal Woman" shows that Botkin was beginning to have ideas about a monotheistic goddess, for instance containing a quote in which the Russian Orthodox priest Father Aristarch states that "the Supreme Deity must be a woman" whilst at another point Dirin enters a church and began "to pray fervently to Aphrodite - his beautiful and kind Goddess whom the Christian Church decried as the White She-Devil, whose worshipers the heads of the Christian Church have repeatedly anathematized."
Later years.
Botkin later moved the church to Charlottesville, Virginia. He self-published a book arguing that Aphrodite was the supreme deity and the creation of the world was like a woman giving birth. The church was one of the earliest of its kind in the neopaganism movement in the United States. Botkin's church is mentioned in the recent book "Her Hidden Children: The Rise of Wicca and Paganism in America," by Chas S. Clifton.
References.
(1) https://www.unicann.com/students/testimonials.html

</doc>
<doc id="9721906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721906" title="Rapid transit in Canada">
Rapid transit in Canada

Rapid transit was first introduced in Canada with the opening of the Toronto subway in 1954, built by the Toronto Transportation Commission (now the Toronto Transit Commission, or the TTC). Montreal later introduced the Montreal Metro in 1966, though there were plans to build a rapid transit system since 1902. The Edmonton Light Rail Transit system was built from 1974 to 1978 for the 1978 Commonwealth Games. It made Edmonton the first city in North America with less than one million people to have a rapid transit system. Calgary followed shortly behind, beginning construction in 1978 on its light rail transit system, called the C-train, opening its first line in 1981, followed by additional lines in 1985 and 1987(in time for the 1988 Winter Olympics). The Vancouver SkyTrain was opened in January 1986 for the Expo 86 world fair.
Rail Rapid Transit.
Several cities in Canada have approved rail rapid transit lines, with Ottawa's Confederation Line set to be the first to begin construction in 2013. The next to begin construction will be the Waterloo Region LRT with the first phase connecting the twin cities of Kitchener and Waterloo, Ontario in 2014. The cities of Mississauga and Brampton also have an approved LRT line that will connect the two cities by way of Hurontario Street beginning construction in 2014 as well. In December 2012, Calgary opened its West LRT line which is the most recent expansion of any rapid transit system in the country. As of January 2013, Edmonton, Calgary, and Toronto are all expanding their rapid transit networks, with the Vancouver Skytrain and Ottawa O-Train to begin construction of their new lines in early - mid-2013.
There are six urban rail rapid transit systems operating in Canada: The Montreal Metro, the Toronto Subway, the Vancouver SkyTrain, the Calgary C-Train, the Edmonton LRT and the Ottawa O-Train. By 2020 there is set to be ten urban rail rapid transit systems in Canada with the addition of the Ottawa LRT, Waterloo Region LRT, Mississauga and Brampton's Hurontario-Main Street LRT, and Hamilton's B-line.

</doc>
<doc id="9721908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721908" title="Roma Esporte Apucarana">
Roma Esporte Apucarana

Roma Esporte de Apucarana, usually known simply as Roma, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Apucarana, Paraná state, founded on December 14, 2000.
History.
On December 6, 2000, the club was founded in Barueri, São Paulo state by João Wilson Antonini with the help of Roma Incorporadora enterprise's investment. The club later made a partnership with Apucarana city hall and then moved to that city.

</doc>
<doc id="9721915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721915" title="Mary Theresa Wiedefeld">
Mary Theresa Wiedefeld

Mary Theresa Wiedefeld (February 2, 1886 – November 1983) was the seventh president (formerly principal) of State Teachers College at Towson (now Towson University).
Dr. Wiedefeld was a graduate of Towson and had many roles in Maryland public education, from grade-school teacher to State Supervisor of Elementary Schools. Dr. Wiedefeld was president during World War II when enrollment declined and employees were hard to obtain. Under her administration, the college developed a special program for cadet teachers to help alleviate the teacher shortage, took the first steps toward preparing teachers for junior high and kindergarten and inaugurated a junior college program in the arts and sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="9721922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721922" title="Maryland Terrapins men's basketball">
Maryland Terrapins men's basketball

The Maryland Terrapins men's basketball team represents the University of Maryland in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I competition. Maryland, a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC), left the ACC July 1, 2014 to join the Big Ten Conference.
Gary Williams, who coached the Terrapins from 1989 to 2011, led the program to its greatest success, including two consecutive Final Fours, which culminated in the 2002 NCAA National Championship. Under Williams, Maryland appeared in eleven straight NCAA Tournaments from 1994 to 2004. He retired in May 2011 and was replaced by former Texas A&M coach Mark Turgeon.
The Terrapins played in what many consider to be the greatest Atlantic Coast Conference game in history — and one of the greatest college basketball games ever — the championship of the 1974 ACC Men's Basketball Tournament, won 103-100 in overtime by eventual national champion North Carolina State. The game was instrumental in forcing the expansion of the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship, thus allowing for at-large bids and the inclusion of more than one team per conference. That Maryland team, with six future NBA draft picks, is considered by many to be the greatest team not to participate in the NCAA tournament.
History.
Early years - the H. Burton Shipley era.
Before basketball became a permanent fixture in College Park, the school—then known as Maryland Agricultural College—met with little success in its intermittent attempts to establish a basketball team. Games were played sporadically during the 1904-1905, 1910–1911, 1913–1914, and the 1918-1919 seasons, going a combined 4-32. Basketball returned to stay for the 1923-24 season, when the school convinced former star quarterback H. Burton Shipley, who had been coaching at the University of Delaware, to come back to his alma mater. The Old Liners, as they were then known, joined the Southern Conference in their inaugural season. The team met with moderate success that year at 5-7 and also played its first games against future ACC rivals North Carolina and Virginia. The Old Liners had their first sustained success over the next four seasons, finishing at or above .500 in each of them and putting together an outstanding 24-9 record against Southern Conference foes. The Aggies also played their first games against what would become their two other biggest rivals in the future during that time, North Carolina State and Duke.
The school's biggest success during its formative years took place in the early 1930s, around the time it adopted its current nickname, Terrapins. After finishing second in the conference in 1930-31, Maryland won the Southern Conference tournaments, beating Louisiana State, North Carolina, Georgia, and Kentucky over five days, a feat they followed by winning the conference regular season crown the next year. The team also had its first individual star in Louis "Bosey" Berger who was named to All-America teams both seasons. It was during this stretch that the school erected a new home for its basketball teams, Ritchie Coliseum, which housed the team until Cole Field House replaced it a quarter of a century later.
Although the team would remain competitive throughout the rest of the decade, finishing as high as second in the conference regular season, it never again matched its achievements of the early part of the decade, and as the 1940s began, the school's basketball team fell on exceedingly hard times. Shipley tallied just one winning season in his last seven years before stepping down to focus on coaching the baseball team, a post he'd held for his entire tenure since returning to College Park. He was succeeded by Flucie Stewart. Following a pattern that has held to the present after a long-time coach has been replaced at the head of Maryland basketball, Stewart would not last very long, putting together three losing seasons in three tries during his brief time at Maryland.
The Bud Millikan Era and the ACC.
The 1950s began with a new head coach leading the way, Bud Millikan. A disciple of legendary coach Henry Iba, Millikan's emphasis on defense and fundamentals would become hallmarks of the program over the next two decades. Maryland mmediately reeled off seven straight winning seasons under Millikan. For the 1953-54 season, the team had left its long-time home in the Southern Conference to join North Carolina, North Carolina State, Duke, Wake Forest, Virginia, Clemson, and South Carolina in the newly formed Atlantic Coast Conference. That season was perhaps the finest the Terrapins had experienced to date, finishing with a 23-7 record and a conference mark good enough for second in the league. Maryland experienced its first games as a ranked team, spending the final nine weeks of the season ranked in the AP Top 20, peaking at #11 before settling for a final ranking of #20. It also featured the school's first win over a ranked team when it beat local rival George Washington, then-number 7 in the country. The team was led by its second All-American, Gene Shue, who was honored in both that season and the prior year.
After that season, the team remained the only school outside of the North Carolina "Big Four" - Duke, UNC, NC State, and Wake Forest - to consistently field competitive teams. In the ACC's second year, the Terps cracked the top ten for the first time, peaking at #6 in January before eventually finishing the season with a disappointing one point loss to Virginia in the ACC Tournament quarterfinal round.
The Terps had another breakout season during the 1957-58 season. After a good regular season (17-6, 4th in the ACC), Maryland stunned the league by winning the ACC Tournament, including wins over #6 Duke and #13 North Carolina on back to back days to capture the title as well as the league's berth in the NCAA Tournament. The team routed Boston College 86-63 at Madison Square Garden with just two days of rest after the ACC Tournament, advancing to the East Regionals in Charlotte. The Terps lost a tight game to Temple in the round of 16 before beating Manhattan in the consolation game to secure third place in the East.
That would be the high-water mark for the Terps under Millikan. They experienced their first losing season under the coach the next season, although they did manage to finish third in the ACC, including its first ever win over a #1 ranked team when it beat North Carolina 69-51 in Cole Field House on February 21. By 1962-63, the bottom had dropped out and the Terps finished just 3-11 in the ACC, next to last in the standings. While Millikan managed to turn the program around in the mid-1960s, finishing in a second place tie in 1964-65 and above .500 overall again the next season, the feeling in College Park was that the game had passed the coach by, and he was replaced after the following season by assistant Frank Fellows. Fellows' tenure lasted just two seasons, both of which featured only eight wins.
Facilities.
Comcast Center (2002-Present).
Comcast Center opened for Midnight Madness on October 11, 2002 and the first official men's game was a 64-49 victory over Miami University (Ohio) on November 24, 2002. On January 25, 2012, the court was renamed in honor of Gary Williams, the men's basketball coach who had retired the previous year.
On the back of the National Championship in 2002, the Comcast Center welcomed 281,057 visitors over 16 games in its first season for an average of 17,566 which ranked 5th nationally in 2003. It was the first time Maryland had finished in the top 10 nationally in attendance since the 1976 season in which Maryland finished 4th with an average of 13,110 fans taking in games at Cole Field House. Every year from 2004-2010, Maryland finished between 4th and 9th nationally in attendance. 
Maryland is 141-33 (.81) all-time at Comcast with a record of 54-26 (.675) in conference games. Since 2003 Maryland has defeated 11 ranked opponents inside the Comcast Center including 6 top ten teams, 5 top 5 teams and a #1 (Duke in ’03).
Cole Field House (1955-2002).
Prior to 2002 the Terps spent 47 seasons from 1955 to 2002 at Cole Field House.
When college basketball was achieving its most explosive growth - from the late 1950s to the late 1970s – there was one college gymnasium on the East Coast that seated as many as 12,000 fans. Cole Field House epitomized the new big-time, main event status of college hoops, the sport of network TV and emerging legends. It was a building where history was routinely made, and fans could feel the echo of tradition and experience the electricity of top-flight college basketball. Additional seats were installed throughout the years to bring the final capacity to 14,596 (in 1993).
Cole Field House held its first East Regional finals in 1962, when NYU defeated St. John's in the final, 94–85. The Final Four was first held here in 1966 between Duke, Kentucky, Texas Western (now UTEP), and Utah. Texas Western (which started all black players) upset Kentucky's all-white team 72–65 in front of a crowd of 14,253. Future Maryland men's basketball coach Gary Williams, then a student, attended the game. Cole also hosted the Final Four in 1970 and is the nation's only on-campus arena to host multiple Final Fours.
Bud Millikan, the first Maryland coach at the venue, did not like its size saying at one point "It's like playing on a neutral court" with seats too far from the courts. In the late 1960s Lefty Driesell added a nearly 3,000 seats around the court raising the hometown decibel level. Upon adding additional seating to create a more intimate atmosphere with fans right along the court, Cole would develop into one of the best home court advantages in the country. Along with Notre Dames Joyce Athletic Center, Cole is the site of the most upsets of top ranked opponents of any venue in college basketball. 7 No. 1 ranked teams have been upset inside Cole, with Maryland pulling the upset in 6 of those 7 games and the other being Texas Western's National Championship win over Kentucky in 1966.
Cole Field House was constructed in 1955 at a cost of 3.3 million. On December 2, 1955 Maryland played its first game at Cole beating rival Virginia 67-55. In 1972 the attendance record would be set as 15,287 fans packed into Cole and watched Maryland knock off North Carolina 79-77 in overtime. The final regular season game of the 2001 season at Cole saw Maryland defeat Virginia 102-67 for the most lopsided result in the rivalries history. In 2002 the 7th #1 ranked team would go down in Cole as Maryland handled Duke 87-73 taking over first place in the conference. This is the "Oh he steal" game. Later that season Maryland would play its final game in Cole FIeld House, celebrating the regular season conference title with a 112-92 win over Virginia. Over 47 season, Maryland compiled an impressive 486-151 record at Cole Field House.
Post Season Results.
Complete NCAA tournament results.
The Terrapins have appeared in the NCAA Tournament 24 times. Their combined record is 37–23. They were National Champions in 2002.
Seed History
"The NCAA began seeding the tournament with the 1979 edition."
NIT results.
The Terrapins have appeared in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) eight times. Their combined record is 14–7. They were NIT champions in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9721951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721951" title="1998–99 DFB-Pokal">
1998–99 DFB-Pokal

The 1998–99 DFB-Pokal was the 56th season of Germany's premier cup competition. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds which began on 28 August 1998 and ended on 6 June 1999. In the final Werder Bremen defeated Bayern Munich 5–4 on penalties, thereby claiming their fourth title.

</doc>
<doc id="9721979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721979" title="Mid-Iowa Council">
Mid-Iowa Council

The Mid Iowa Council is a council of the Boy Scouts of America that serves all Boy Scouts, Cub Scouts, adult volunteers and Venturers in Central Iowa. This includes the area of the state capital, Des Moines.
Organization.
The council is administratively divided into districts:
Theoretically there are two other districts in the council, one each for Venturing and Learning for Life.
Inner-city Scouts and Scouters in the Des Moines area were once part of the Two Rivers District. This district has recently been dissolved and the units are now part of the other districts.
Council Properties.
The Mid Iowa Council also manages several properties including Camp Mitigwa, Grinnell Scoutland, and Strother's Lodge. Formerly the council managed Camp Wapello in southeast Iowa. The council now longer uses the property, but it is still used by Scouts and Scouters for various events.
Camp Mitigwa.
Camp Mitigwa is located northeast of Woodward, Iowa, United States, north of the state capital in, Des Moines. The camp is approximately and is situated along the Des Moines River valley.
In 1923, Anselm Frankel chaired the committee that, along with Scout Executive Fred G. Davie, found a site of 123 acres located seven miles north of Woodward; just an hour’s ride by train or automobile from the city. The purchase price: $25,000.00.
Highlights.
The camp includes Eagle Pond and Lake Fisher. Fisher is a small man made lake which provides opportunities for canoeing, rowing, and fishing. The camp has multiple year-round wood heated cabins available for weekend rentals. The camp also includes a thirty foot, five-sided Rappelling Tower, as well as a C.O.P.E. (Challenging Outdoor Personal Experience), which includes a 400' zipline, and a triangle event that includes a Gap Step, Balance Beam and Skywalk events. Both the tower and the C.O.P.E. course can be reserved by a troop or crew.
Within the past 7 years the camp has reopened the Frankel Ridge Pool and Trading Post facilities. The camp has also built a new dining facility known as Bear Creek Lodge, a multi-purpose facility used year round for events and meetings.
Each summer Camp Mitigwa offers six one-week residence camping experiences for Boy Scouts. At the present time Boy Scouts and Cub Scouts camp at the same time. 
Camp staff and maintenance.
Summer camp staff is hired only for the summer season and usually consists of 30-60 high school and college students. Positions range from instructing Scouts, managing a trading post, serving as a health officer and life guarding.
Camp Mitigwa has one full-time, year-round camp ranger. He is provided a residence on the camp property. In the past the council has also employed a year round Assistant Ranger and a summer seasonal assistant ranger.
ORFs (Old Retired Fellows) is a highly skilled group of volunteers. The men have experience in many trades including plumbing, woodworking, or electrical work and provide maintenance throughout the year. Their work can be seen all over camp and is usually branded with a logo denoting their work. 
The Mitigwa Lodge also provides several workdays each year to help maintain the property and has regularly had trail crews present at camp during summer months to improve existing trails and build new ones.
Geography.
Camp Mitigwa has three main ridges, each developed for camping. They are:
Trails.
The rest of Camp Mitigwa's are undeveloped.
Campsites.
Camp Mitigwa utilizes 20 campsites and has at least 4 that are no longer used.
Located on Frankel Ridge: Wakan, Chanotedah, Hopi, and Zuni.
Frankel Ridge still has an open space where Cherokee campsite was located near Bear Creek Lodge.
Located on Blank Ridge: Chippewa, Pawnee, Fox, Osage, Piegon, and Sioux.
Blank Ridge no longer uses Ottawa, Sac or East Sioux campsites. Ottawa is used for Boy Scout ecology merit badges. Sac was located too close to the water tower and considered unsafe for usage and East Sioux is now part of the enlarged Piegon campsite. 
Located on Casady Ridge: Kick-a-poo, Mohawk, Crow, Onondaga, Onieda, Kiowa, Seneca, Iroquois, Cayuga and Navajo. Navajo is now just used for wilderness survival.
There is an existing inactive campsite on the east end of the ridge and the Kiowa campsite was renamed Kiowa in the 1990s.
Facilities.
The camp features two dining facilities, two staff housing areas, two staff lounges, two pools and two trading posts.
There are currently three forts on the property. The first Fort Pella is located on Frankel Ridge. The second Fort Clatsop is located on Casady Ridge. The third is Old Fort Madison located on the far end of Frankel Ridge. A fort known as Fort JC used to exist near the present day Raymond Blank Dining Hall.
All buildings at Camp Mitigwa are painted "Brewer Brown" which is more commonly known as Zanzibar Brown.
Recently Camp has gone through many improvements and renovations specifically improving shower houses and restroom facilities.
Camp also boasts several expensive stone monuments. One located at each of the two west entrances, one large statue inside the main gate, a small monument with directions near the main parking lot and a large monument notating which ridge is Blank and which is Frankel. These monuments were constructed while A Ely. Brewer Jr. was the scout executive. 
Grinnell Scoutland.
Grinnell Scoutland is of hardwood timber southwest of Grinnell, Iowa. The camp is ideal for Scouts who want to test their skills in a rustic outdoor environment. Scoutland offers primitive camping in seven campsite, camporee field, and an enclosed shelter house with a fireplace and electricity for weekend camping. Other amenities include water, parade field with flag pole and large parking area.
Strother Lodge at Foster Acres.
Foster Acres is located on the north edge of Ottumwa. Foster acres has a shelter, Strother Lodge, primitive campsites and trails. Strother Lodge is a heated building with kitchen facilities and water. The lodge can be used as a meeting room and has enough room to sleep 20 on the floor as an overnight facility. Strother Lodge is available year round.
Camp Wapello.
As of 2008 Camp Wapello is no longer being used by the Mid-Iowa Council.
Camp Wapello is located six miles west of Drakesville, Iowa, on the southern end of Wapello State Park. Camp Wapello was founded in 1932 by George Foster, President of the John Morrell Packing company in Ottumwa, IA. Foster donated 88 acres of land to the Southern Iowa Boy Scout Council, then headquartered in Ottumwa. Through the efforts of Foster, the George Foster Fund, the Exchange Bank of Bloomfield, the Union Bank of Ottumwa, and many others, Camp Wapello grew and expanded. In 1965, 80 acres of land was donated from the historic Steckel Ranch, founded during the Civil War.
During the early 1970s the Southern Iowa Council merged with the Tall Corn Council, and formed the Mid-Iowa Council. In 1982, the Mid-Iowa Council sold Camp Wapello to the Iowa Natural Heritage Foundation who in turn sold it to the Department of Natural Resources in 1984. Both purchases were subject to a sublease agreement with the Mid-Iowa Council, BSA to continue usage of the camp as a year-round facility for Scouting programs. In 1992 the property became sole property of the Iowa DNR. The Camp Wapello Preservation Group was formed in 1992. This group purchased Camp Wapello from the Iowa DNR in 1995.
Mitigwa Lodge.
The Order of the Arrow Scouting's national honor society is represented in the Mid-Iowa Council by the Mitigwa Lodge. The lodge is administratively divided into chapters corresponding to the council's districts. The Mitigwa Lodge is part of Section C-5B, in the Central Region.
History.
Camp Mitigwa was founded in 1923. The council's first honor society was the Old Guard, founded in 1931. The Old Guard was responsible for camp promotion and improvement, membership retention and service. Mitigwa Lodge was founded in 1951 with 72 members of the Old Guard being inducted by members of the Illini Lodge.
In 1970 the Southern Iowa Council merged with Tall Corn Area Council to form the Mid-Iowa Council. The Bo Qui Lodge then merged with the Mitigwa lodge. The former Bo Qui Lodge is the present day Golden Eagle Chapter and part of the present Bo Qui Chapter as well. 
National Order of the Arrow Conference.
The Mitigwa Lodge welcomed Arrowmen from around the country to Iowa State University for the National Order of the Arrow Conference (NOAC) both in 1998 and 2004. Serving as the host lodge for both conferences, instead of sending a contingent the Mitigwa Lodge provided hundreds of Arrowmen as part of the service lodge corps.
External links.
Order of the Arrow

</doc>
<doc id="9721989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9721989" title="CTFC">
CTFC

CTFC can refer to one of the following English football clubs:

</doc>
<doc id="9722016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722016" title="Earle Hawkins">
Earle Hawkins

Earle Taylor Hawkins (March 5, 1903 – June 1972) was the eighth president of Towson State College (now Towson University).
Earle Hawkins advanced through the state educational system from the level of teacher to top supervisory positions. His administration was affected by the phenomenal growth in higher education. In 1947, student enrollment totaled 600. When Dr. Hawkins retired, enrollment had risen to over 8,000 day and evening students. During his presidency, Towson added a full range of baccalaureate programs in the arts and sciences, instituted evening and summer programs and undertook an ambitious building program. Indicative of the school's growth and broadening scope was the change in name in 1963 from State Teachers College to Towson State College. Towson had become the second largest public institution of higher education in Maryland. Dr. Hawkins gave Towson 22 years of leadership.
Earle Hawkins served as 1st Vice President of the Board of Directors of the National Conference on Citizenship in 1960. He was first appointed to the Board of Directors in 1953, having served on the Attorney General’s Citizenship Committee in 1950

</doc>
<doc id="9722037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722037" title="Edelweiss (Aosta Valley)">
Edelweiss (Aosta Valley)

Edelweiss (, SA) is a regionalist, Christian-democratic and federalist Italian political party active in Aosta Valley, Italy. Its long-time leaders are Rudi Marguerettaz and Maurizio Martin.
History.
SA was founded in 2001 by the merger of the Autonomists and the Autonomist Federation. The Autonomists were basically the Valdostan section of the Italian People's Party, one of the successors of Christian Democracy, while the Autonomist Federation was formed by former Autonomists Democrats Progressives, along with former Socialists and Republicans.
In the 2003 regional election, SA scored 19.8% and got elected seven regional councillors. In the 2003–2008 term, the party controlled five seats in the Regional Council. Of the five regional councillors, four are former members of Christian Democracy and one is a former Republican. In 2004 the Autonomist Federation re-gained its independence from SA.
From 2001 to 2006, SA was represented in the Italian Chamber of Deputies by Ivo Collé, who was elected with the support of the Aosta Valley coalition (VdA), formed also by the Valdostan Union (UV) and the Autonomist Federation (FA).
In the 2006 general election SA's Marco Viérin was candidate for the Chamber of Deputies, but the VdA was soundly defeated by the centre-left Autonomy Liberty Democracy (ALD) list.
In the 2008 regional election SA, which included four candidates of the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats (UDC) in its list, won 11.4% of the vote and four regional councillors (out of 35), while the three-party regionalist coalition won 62.0% and a large majority, composed of 22 regional councillors. No candidate of UDC was elected.
In the 2013 general election Rudi Marguerettaz, secretary of SA since 2001, was elected to the Chamber of Deputies. Soon after the election, Marguerettaz chose to team up with Lega Nord and became vice president of the "Lega Nord and Autonomies" parliamentary group. Marguerettaz stepped down from party secretary in order to perform at his best his new office in Rome and the party was led by a provisional executive.
For the 2013 regional election the party confirmed its alliance with UV and SA, and formed a joint list with Lega Nord Valle d'Aosta. In an election in which UV lost a quarter of its votes and FA its entire representation in the Regional Council, SA increased its share of vote to 12.2% and its number of regional councillors to five. Thanks to SA's result, the regionalist coalition retained its absolute majority in the Council.

</doc>
<doc id="9722048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722048" title="Human Proteome Organization">
Human Proteome Organization

The Human Proteome Organization (HUPO) is an international consortium of national proteomics research associations, government researchers, academic institutions, and industry partners. HUPO was founded in June 2001 and it promotes the development and awareness of proteomics research, advocates on behalf of proteomics researchers throughout the world, and facilitates scientific collaborations between HUPO members and Initiatives. Ultimately, it is organized to gain a better and more complete understanding of the human proteome.

</doc>
<doc id="9722049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722049" title="Snettisham Hydroelectric Project">
Snettisham Hydroelectric Project

The Snettisham hydroelectric power plant is a 78,210 kw power plant located 28 miles south of central Juneau, Alaska and accessible only by boat or seaplane. The power plant is fed by two lakes that are tapped from below, negating the need for a traditional dam. It supplies most of the electricity for Alaska Electric Light & Power.[http://www.aidea.org/PDF%20files/SnettishamFactSheet.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="9722065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722065" title="St Catherine's GAA">
St Catherine's GAA

St.Catherine's GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Ballynoe in East County Cork, Ireland. The club caters for players at all age levels in hurling, Gaelic football, camogie and ladies football. The club is a member of Imokilly division of Cork.

</doc>
<doc id="9722088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722088" title="IZE">
IZE

IZE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9722096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722096" title="Carl Ng">
Carl Ng

Carl Ng (吳嘉龍, born March 27, 1976) is a Hong Kong actor and model. He is the son of Richard Ng.
Early life.
The third of four children, Ng was born in Hong Kong and is of mixed ethnicity. His father is comedy actor Richard Ng, while his mother, a British woman, worked as a hair stylist for Bruce Lee in the 1970s. At the age of 12, he moved with his family to live in England, where he would remain for the next thirteen years. As a child he had no desire to become an actor like his father, but while studying global corporate strategy at the University of Westminster he began attending evening drama classes at the Tony Grecos Acting Studio.
Career.
After graduating, Ng took up acting full-time, working as a waiter and cook in various restaurants until he started gaining roles in West End and Off West End plays. However, he became dissatisfied with the work he was getting, saying: "I was seen as neither Asian nor Caucasian. Either that or I'm cast in stereotyped roles." In 2002, Ng took a six-month break from acting, working as a scuba diving instructor in Thailand.
He then moved back to Hong Kong, where he again waited on tables before landing a number of prominent modelling jobs, featuring in advertisements for Motorola and Sony MiniDisc. Since 2000 he has appeared in a number of films, including "Heat Team", "Yesterday Once More", "Colour Blossoms", and "Half Twin". Regarding his choice in film roles, Ng has said: "I do gravitate towards darker roles, roles that other people hesitate to touch. I find them intriguing and an opportunity to try something different." He has appeared alongside his father in several productions, including the 2008 TV film "Pulau Hantu".
Ng became well known in Singapore for his role as DSP Glenn in MediaCorp Channel 5's " Point of Entry". From Season 4 onwards, he was replaced in the part by Jack Yang.
In 2010, Ng was cast in the lead role of a biographical film based on the life of Cheng Guorong, aka "Brother Sharp", a Chinese man who became a minor celebrity while living homeless on the streets of Ningbo after pictures of him were posted online. The film was due to start production in September 2010.
Charity work.
Ng has been involved with a number of AIDS benefits. While working in London he took part in a production of "Elegies for Angels, Punks and Raging Queens", the proceeds from which were given to a local AIDS centre. As of 2006, Ng was working with the Society for AIDS Care in Hong Kong, as well as a teen support group that deals with topics such as safe sex.

</doc>
<doc id="9722101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722101" title="Comparison of 401(k) and IRA accounts">
Comparison of 401(k) and IRA accounts

This is a comparison between 401(k), Roth 401(k), and Traditional Individual Retirement Account and Roth Individual Retirement Account accounts, four different types of retirement savings vehicles that are common in the United States.
Comparison.
30 = $87,247. This $5000 contribution is not tax-deductible, the contribution will effectively cost 5000 / (1-0.25) = $6667.

</doc>
<doc id="9722124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722124" title="1960–61 British Home Championship">
1960–61 British Home Championship

The 1960-61 British Home Championship international football tournament saw a series of high scoring games, with 40 goals scored in just six matches - a ratio of 6.66 goals per game. England took the British title after a final match at Wembley in which they put nine goals past Scotland, who returned with three of their own. Teams in this period frequently fielded as many as five strikers, hoping to outscore opponents rather than rely on heavy defence . This tactic paid dividends, particularly for England, whose haul of 19 included seven for Jimmy Greaves, whilst both Bobby Charlton and Bobby Smith each scored in each of England's three games. 
England had begun the tournament well, winning 5–2 against Ireland in Belfast, whilst the Welsh beat a tough Scottish side at home. Welsh hopes of tournament success were disabused in their second match, where England took them apart 5–1, whilst the Irish were again on the reverse of a heavy defeat, losing 5–2 in Glasgow against Scotland. In the tournament's final games, Wales beat Ireland 5–1 to claim second spot, leading to England and Scotland's dramatic finale.
Players at the tournament included a medley of stars from the 1950s, and young players who would take the 1960s by storm. This line-up included Danny Blanchflower and Peter McParland for Ireland, Ivor Allchurch and John Charles for Wales, Denis Law and Dave Mackay for Scotland and an England team including Bobby Charlton, Johnny Haynes, Jimmy Greaves and Bobby Robson, some of whom would later win the 1966 FIFA World Cup.
Table.
The points system worked as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="9722129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722129" title="FabricLive.32">
FabricLive.32

FabricLive.32 is a DJ mix compilation album by Tayo, as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.

</doc>
<doc id="9722139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722139" title="Carlos Galván">
Carlos Galván

Carlos Alberto Galván (born 28 October 1973 in Pontevedra, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football who plays as a defender for Universidad César Vallejo and is currently the team's captain.
Club career.
Galván started his career at Racing Club de Avellaneda in 1992, before moving to Brazil in 1998 to play for Clube Atlético Mineiro.
In Brazil he was seen as a skilled defender. His technique was at its best when playing as a sweeper. He scored some key goals. He has a powerful header and sense for positioning.
Among other titles, he won the Minas Gerais state with Atlético Minero. He was also in the Atlético Minero side that were runner-ups in the Brazilian Championship in 1999 and with Santos in 2000 when they won the São Paulo State Championship. He played for two years at each team in Brazil. In 1998, with Atlético, he has involved in a fight at Vitória's stadium, where he was one of four players from each side sent off. He also scored an own goal at Vila Belmiro, in a 2-0 defeat against Santos' biggest rivals, Corinthians. He also played for Paysandu, in 2004.
Galván returned to Argentina in 2002 to play for Club Atlético Lanús and in 2004 he had a brief spell with Ciudad de Murcia in Spain. He has also played for Club Olimpia in Paraguay and Argentinos Juniors in Argentina.
In 2007 Galván joined Peruvian team Universitario de Deportes, in February 2009 he announced that he plans to retire in December 2010 to take up a position as a youth coach with the club.

</doc>
<doc id="9722145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722145" title="Black Budget (New Zealand)">
Black Budget (New Zealand)

In New Zealand, the term Black Budget refers to the government budget of 26 June 1958 in which Finance Minister Arnold Nordmeyer increased taxes on beer, tobacco, cars and petrol. 
The second Labour government took office in 1957, the 32nd Parliament. Within a year, the government was confronted with a balance of payments crisis caused by the collapse of the price of butter in Britain (at the time New Zealand's largest export market). Nordmeyer's colleagues were reluctant to cut government spending or break expensive election promises, so Nordmeyer was left with little option but to raise taxes. 
The budget increased social security benefits and hurt least those taxpayers on lower incomes and with dependent children. However, it was very unpopular, not least with Labour's traditional working-class supporters. The term 'black budget' is believed to have been coined by union leader Fintan Patrick Walsh, but was taken up by the National Party opposition, and became the commonly used term for the budget. 
The government's popularity never recovered from the budget, which is generally believed to have cost it the 1960 election. Nordmeyer was forever tainted by the 'black budget', which gave him a reputation as a puritanical 'wowser' who was opposed to simple working class pleasures such as beer and cigarettes. Despite this, he became the leader of the Labour Party in 1963, but was replaced by Norman Kirk less than three years later.
In 2010, DB Breweries ran an advertising campaign attributing the creation of one of its brands, DB Export Gold to the increased taxes on beer introduced by the 'black budget'. However, the brewery was forced to pull the campaign from Television and Internet in February 2011 (though Newspaper ads are unaffected) after the New Zealand Advertising Standards Authority partially upheld a complaint laid by Progressive Party leader Jim Anderton that the campaign was "unethical, inaccurate and distorted history" as little beer was then imported to New Zealand and the budget raised the excise only to the same as local beers.

</doc>
<doc id="9722153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722153" title="Associação Esportiva Recreativa Engenheiro Beltrão">
Associação Esportiva Recreativa Engenheiro Beltrão

Associação Esportiva Recreativa Engenheiro Beltrão, usually known simply as Engenheiro Beltrão, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Engenheiro Beltrão, Paraná state, founded on January 1, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9722159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722159" title="Bowman Field">
Bowman Field

Bowman Field may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9722161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722161" title="Die-Cut (comics)">
Die-Cut (comics)

Die-Cut (real name: Czorn Yson) is a fictional character who appears in comic books published by the Marvel UK imprint of Marvel Comics. He first appeared in "Death's Head II & the Origin of Die-Cut" #1 (1993). Die-Cut then co-starred in another miniseries, "Die-Cut vs G-Force", before receiving his own "Die-Cut" limited series in November 1993.
Fictional character biography.
Czorn Yson is a mutant from the planet Ganalon. The Ganalonians have been engaged in a war with a race of cyborgs for centuries. Yson enlists as a soldier in the battle against the cyborgs; it is from his experiences that he gains a pathological hatred of all things mechanical.
Yson is captured by the cyborg forces and tortured for information. He successfully blocks their mental probes by feigning schizophrenia, but eventually slips into true madness. When the Minion cyborg, the future Death's Head II, arrives to assimilate his personality, Yson willingly submits in order to end his torture.
Years later, Death's Head II is infected with a type of a computer virus known as a purging program, which forces some of his assimilated personalities to emerge. Czorn Yson is one of those personalities. Death's Head II is eventually forced to allow Yson's personality to temporarily take over, whereupon Yson manages to create a new, enhanced body and download his personality into it. Now calling himself Die-Cut, the insane mutant cuts Death's Head into two. He eventually regains his sanity, and sets off on a quest to destroy all cyborgs.
Powers and abilities.
Die-Cut has a blade, called the Pscythe, attached to his left arm. Drawn from his memories when he created a new body, the Pscythe can cut through virtually any matter or energy. It has the ability to open portals through space and other dimensions. The Pscythe can also be used to erase memories.

</doc>
<doc id="9722165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722165" title="Robert Russa Moton Museum">
Robert Russa Moton Museum

Robert Russa Moton Museum in the town of Farmville in Prince Edward County, Virginia is a museum which serves as a center for the study of civil rights in education. 
It is housed in the former R. R. Moton High School, also known as Robert Russa Moton High School or Farmville Elementary School, notable as the site of a historic civil rights action by the students of a segregated public school. Their initiative ultimately became part of the landmark "Brown v. Board of Education" case decided by the United States Supreme Court in 1954.
Both the school and the museum were named for Robert Russa Moton (1867–1940), a noted African-American educator from central Virginia who was a protégé of Dr. Booker T. Washington. In the early 20th century, Moton headed the schools which became Hampton University and Tuskegee University, important organizations in producing black teachers and other professionals. 
History.
Prince Edward County is the source of "Davis v. County School Board of Prince Edward County", a case incorporated into "Brown v. Board of Education" which ultimately resulted in the desegregation of public schools in the U.S. Among the fives cases decided under "Brown", it was the only one initiated by students themselves, after they walked out in 1951 to protest overcrowding and poor conditions at their school under Jim Crow laws. 
The all-black R.R. Moton High School, named after Robert Russa Moton, a noted educator from neighboring Amelia County, did not have a gymnasium, cafeteria, or teachers' restrooms. Due to overcrowding, three plywood buildings had been erected and some students had to take classes in an immobile school bus parked outside. Teachers and students did not have desks or blackboards. The school's requests for additional funds were denied by the all-white school board. In 1951, students, led by Barbara Rose Johns, staged a walkout in protest of the conditions. The NAACP took up their case only when the students—by a one vote margin—agreed to seek an integrated school rather than improved conditions at their black school. Then, Howard University-trained attorneys Spottswood Robinson and Oliver Hill filed suit.
In "Davis v. County School Board of Prince Edward County", a state court rejected the suit, agreeing with defense attorney T. Justin Moore that Virginia was vigorously equalizing black and white schools. The verdict was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court. Subsequently, it was one of five cases incorporated into "Brown v. Board of Education", the landmark case which in 1954 overturned school segregation in the United States as inherently unequal. 
As a result of the "Brown" decision, and as part of the Massive Resistance policy, in 1959 the Board of Supervisors for Prince Edward County refused to appropriate "any" funds for the County School Board. They effectively closed all public schools rather than integrate them. Prince Edward County Public Schools remained closed for five years. 
A new entity, the Prince Edward Foundation, created a series of private schools to educate the county's white children. These schools were supported by tuition grants from the state and tax credits from the county. Prince Edward Academy, the all-white private, was one of the first such schools in Virginia which came to be called segregation academies. 
Black students had to go to school elsewhere or forgo their education altogether. Some got schooling with relatives in nearby communities or at makeshift schools in church basements. Others were educated out of state by groups such as the Society of Friends. In 1963–64, the NAACP-sponsored Prince Edward Free School picked up some of the slack. The Worsham High School was one of four County schools leased by the Prince Edward Free School system. But some pupils missed part or all of their education for five years.
When the public schools finally reopened in 1964, they were fully integrated. Historians mark that event as the end of Massive Resistance in Virginia. 
In modern times, Prince Edward County Public Schools now operates single Elementary, Middle, and High Schools for all students, regardless of race. They are:
Many of the segregation academies eventually closed; others changed their missions, and eliminated discriminatory policies. Prince Edward Academy was one of these, and was renamed the Fuqua School. 
The former R.R. Moton High School building in Farmville became a community landmark. It was selected to house the Robert Russa Moton Museum. In 1998, it was declared a National Historic Landmark.
Moton Museum 2011.
The Moton Museum is currently undergoing renovations, set to be complete in 2011. The project was launched in April 2008 when Dominion Virginia Power provided a $200,000 grant to the museum to get the project underway. Since the launch almost a year ago, almost $900,000 has been given through grants from various companies and organizations. In addition, Congressman Tom Perriello is requesting that the federal government earmark $900,000 for Moton to support the permanent exhibition. This exhibit requires a total of $5.5 million in funds. Five galleries are planned for the museum, each one specific to a certain time period within the Prince Edward County struggle for equal education. The first gallery will focus on the period leading up to 1951. It will address segregation and discuss the events leading up to the walkout. The next gallery will chronicle Davis versus Prince Edward, the time period between 1951 and 1954. The Davis case was one of four cases combined to form the Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education. The third gallery will focus on the years that made up the Massive Resistance in Prince Edward County (1951–1954). The fourth gallery will focus on the years that Prince Edward chose to close their schools (1959–1963). This gallery will tell the stories of the families in Farmville that either missed out on an education for 6 years or were forced to move so that education was an option for their children. The final gallery will feature the Prince Edward County Free Schools period from 1963 to 1964. This is the year which the superintendent, Neil Sullivan, came into the empty Moton School and chose to re-open it. 

</doc>
<doc id="9722177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722177" title="Julieta Díaz">
Julieta Díaz

Julieta Díaz (born September 9, 1977 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine film, television, and theatre actress. She began her career at age 13. 
Díaz acts in the cinema of Argentina, and also in the stages.

</doc>
<doc id="9722181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722181" title="Buckingham, Iowa">
Buckingham, Iowa

Buckingham is an unincorporated community located near the intersections of Hwy D-65 and U.S. Highway 63 in, Buckingham Township, Tama County, Iowa, United States. It lies 5.5 miles north of Traer and 11 miles south of Hudson.
The zip code for Buckingham is 50612. The postal district covers a large rural community across northern Tama County and southern Black Hawk County including such notable neighborhoods as Hickory Hollow and the old Geneseo school district.
Present day Buckingham is not to be confused with the historical village of Buckingham, now abandoned, located approximately 3 miles south and 3 miles west of the present location at .
Buckingham is in the Central Standard Time Zone.
Buckingham is served by the Traer fire department and is part of the North Tama School District.

</doc>
<doc id="9722210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722210" title="Idiosepius paradoxus">
Idiosepius paradoxus

Idiosepius paradoxus, also known as the Northern Pygmy Squid, is a species of bobtail squid native to the western Pacific Ocean, including the waters off South Korea, northern Australia, as well as the Japanese islands of Honshū, Kyūshū, and southern Hokkaidō. It inhabits shallow, inshore waters.
"I. paradoxus" grows to 16 mm in mantle length.
The type specimen was collected off Kadsiyama in Tokyo Bay. It is deposited at the Musee Zoologique in Strasbourg.

</doc>
<doc id="9722260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722260" title="Chemical substance">
Chemical substance

In chemistry, a chemical substance is a form of matter that has constant chemical composition and characteristic properties. It cannot be separated into components by physical separation methods, i.e. without breaking chemical bonds. It can be solid, liquid, gas, or plasma.
Chemical substances are often called 'pure' to set them apart from mixtures. A common example of a chemical substance is pure water; it has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it is isolated from a river or made in a laboratory. Other chemical substances commonly encountered in pure form are diamond (carbon), gold, table salt (sodium chloride) and refined sugar (sucrose). However, simple or seemingly pure substances found in nature can in fact be mixtures of chemical substances. For example, tap water may contain small amounts of dissolved sodium chloride and compounds containing iron, calcium and many other chemical substances.
Chemical substances exist as solids, liquids, gases, or plasma and may change between these phases of matter with changes in temperature or pressure. Chemical reactions convert one chemical substance into another.
Forms of energy, such as light and heat, are not considered to be matter, and thus they are not "substances" in this regard.
Definition.
Chemical substances (also called pure substances) may well be defined as "any material with a definite chemical composition" in an introductory general chemistry textbook. According to this definition a chemical substance can either be a pure chemical element or a pure chemical compound. But, there are exceptions to this definition; a pure substance can also be defined as a form of matter that has both definite composition and distinct properties. The chemical substance index published by CAS also includes several alloys of uncertain composition. Non-stoichiometric compounds are a special case (in inorganic chemistry) that violates the law of constant composition, and for them, it is sometimes difficult to draw the line between a mixture and a compound, as in the case of palladium hydride. Broader definitions of chemicals or chemical substances can be found, for example: "the term 'chemical substance' means any organic or inorganic substance of a particular molecular identity, including – (i) any combination of such substances occurring in whole or in part as a result of a chemical reaction or occurring in nature"
In geology, substances of uniformion are called minerals, while physical mixtures (aggregates) of several minerals (different substances) are defined as rocks. Many minerals, however, mutually dissolve into solid solutions, such that a single rock is a uniform substance despite mixture'. Feldspars are a common example: anorthoclase is an alkali aluminium silicate, where the alkali metal is interchangeably either sodium or potassium.
History.
The concept of a "chemical substance" became firmly established in the late eighteenth century after work by the chemist Joseph Proust on the composition of some pure chemical compounds such as basic copper carbonate. He deduced that, "All samples of a compound have the same composition; that is, all samples have the same proportions, by mass, of the elements present in the compound." This is now known as the law of constant composition. Later with the advancement of methods for chemical synthesis particularly in the realm of organic chemistry; the discovery of many more chemical elements and new techniques in the realm of analytical chemistry used for isolation and purification of elements and compounds from chemicals that led to the establishment of modern chemistry, the concept was defined as is found in most chemistry textbooks. However, there are some controversies regarding this definition mainly because the large number of chemical substances reported in chemistry literature need to be indexed.
Isomerism caused much consternation to early researchers, since isomers have exactly the same composition, but differ in configuration (arrangement) of the atoms. For example, there was much speculation for the chemical identity of benzene, until the correct structure was described by Friedrich August Kekulé. Likewise, the idea of stereoisomerism - that atoms have rigid three-dimensional structure and can thus form isomers that differ only in their three-dimensional arrangement - was another crucial step in understanding the concept of distinct chemical substances. For example, tartaric acid has three distinct isomers, a pair of diastereomers with one diastereomer forming two enantiomers.
Chemical elements.
An element is a chemical substance that is made up of a particular kind of atoms and hence cannot be broken down or transformed by a chemical reaction into a different element, though it can be transmutated into another element through a nuclear reaction. This is so, because all of the atoms in a sample of an element have the same number of protons, though they may be different isotopes, with differing numbers of neutrons.
As of 2012, there are 118 known elements, about 80 of which are stable – that is, they do not change by radioactive decay into other elements. Some elements can occur as more than a single chemical substance (allotropes). For instance, oxygen exists as both diatomic oxygen (O2) and ozone (O3). The majority of elements are classified as metals. These are elements with a characteristic lustre such as iron, copper, and gold. Metals typically conduct electricity and heat well, and they are malleable and ductile. Around a dozen elements, such as carbon, nitrogen, and oxygen, are classified as non-metals. Non-metals lack the metallic properties described above, they also have a high electronegativity and a tendency to form negative ions. Certain elements such as silicon sometimes resemble metals and sometimes resemble non-metals, and are known as metalloids.
Chemical compounds.
A pure chemical compound is a chemical substance that is composed of a particular set of molecules or ions. Two or more elements combined into one substance through a chemical reaction form a chemical compound. All compounds are substances, but not all substances are compounds.
A chemical compound can be either atoms bonded together in molecules or crystals in which atoms, molecules or ions form a crystalline lattice. Compounds based primarily on carbon and hydrogen atoms are called organic compounds, and all others are called inorganic compounds. Compounds containing bonds between carbon and a metal are called organometallic compounds.
Compounds in which components share electrons are known as covalent compounds. Compounds consisting of oppositely charged ions are known as ionic compounds, or salts.
In organic chemistry, there can be more than one chemical compound with the same composition and molecular weight. Generally, these are called isomers. Isomers usually have substantially different chemical properties, may be isolated and do not spontaneously convert to each other. A common example is glucose vs. fructose. The former is an aldehyde, the latter is a ketone. Their interconversion requires either enzymatic or acid-base catalysis. However, there are also tautomers, where isomerization occurs spontaneously, such that a pure substance cannot be isolated into its tautomers. A common example is glucose, which has open-chain and ring forms. One cannot manufacture pure open-chain glucose because glucose spontaneously cyclizes to the hemiacetal form.
Substances versus mixtures.
All matter consists of various elements and chemical compounds, but these are often intimately mixed together. Mixtures contain more than one chemical substance, and they do not have a fixed composition. In principle, they can be separated into the component substances by purely mechanical processes. Butter, soil and wood are common examples of mixtures.
Grey iron metal and yellow sulfur are both chemical elements, and they can be mixed together in any ratio to form a yellow-grey mixture. No chemical process occurs, and the material can be identified as a mixture by the fact that the sulfur and the iron can be separated by a mechanical process, such as using a magnet to attract the iron away from the sulfur.
In contrast, if iron and sulfur are heated together in a certain ratio (1 atom of iron for each atom of sulfur, or by weight, 56 grams (1 mol) of iron to 32 grams (1 mol) of sulfur), a chemical reaction takes place and a new substance is formed, the compound iron(II) sulfide, with chemical formula FeS. The resulting compound has all the properties of a chemical substance and is not a mixture. Iron(II) sulfide has its own distinct properties such as melting point and solubility, and the two elements cannot be separated using normal mechanical processes; a magnet will be unable to recover the iron, since there is no metallic iron present in the compound.
Chemicals versus chemical substances.
While the term "chemical substance" is a precise technical term that is synonymous with "chemical" for professional chemists, the meaning of the word "chemical" varies for non-chemists within the English speaking world or those using English. For industries, government and society in general in some countries, the word "chemical" includes a wider class of substances that contain many mixtures of such chemical substances, often finding application in many vocations. In countries that require a list of ingredients in products, the "chemicals" listed would be equated with "chemical substances".
Within the chemical industry, manufactured "chemicals" are chemical substances, which can be classified by production volume into bulk chemicals, fine chemicals and chemicals found in research only:
The cause of the difference in production volume is the complexity of the molecular structure of the chemical. Bulk chemicals are usually much less complex. While fine chemicals may be more complex, many of them are simple enough to be sold as "building blocks" in the synthesis of more complex molecules targeted for single use, as named above. The "production" of a chemical includes not only its synthesis but also its purification to eliminate by-products and impurities involved in the synthesis. The last step in production should be the analysis of batch lots of chemicals in order to identify and quantify the percentages of impurities for the buyer of the chemicals. The required purity and analysis depends on the application, but higher tolerance of impurities is usually expected in the production of bulk chemicals. Thus, the user of the chemical in the US might choose between the bulk or "technical grade" with higher amounts of impurities or a much purer "pharmaceutical grade" (labeled "USP", United States Pharmacopeia).
Naming and indexing.
Every chemical substance has one or more systematic names, usually named according to the IUPAC rules for naming. An alternative system is used by the Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS).
Many compounds are also known by their more common, simpler names, many of which predate the systematic name. For example, the long-known sugar glucose is now systematically named 6-(hydroxymethyl)oxane-2,3,4,5-tetrol. Natural products and pharmaceuticals are also given simpler names, for example the mild pain-killer Naproxen is the more common name for the chemical compound (S)-6-methoxy-α-methyl-2-naphthaleneacetic acid.
Chemists frequently refer to chemical compounds using chemical formulae or molecular structure of the compound. There has been a phenomenal growth in the number of chemical compounds being synthesized (or isolated), and then reported in the scientific literature by professional chemists around the world. An enormous number of chemical compounds are possible through the chemical combination of the known chemical elements. As of May 2011, about sixty million chemical compounds are known. The names of many of these compounds are often nontrivial and hence not very easy to remember or cite accurately. Also it is difficult to keep the track of them in the literature. Several international organizations like IUPAC and CAS have initiated steps to make such tasks easier. CAS provides the abstracting services of the chemical literature, and provides a numerical identifier, known as CAS registry number to each chemical substance that has been reported in the chemical literature (such as chemistry journals and patents). This information is compiled as a database and is popularly known as the Chemical substances index. Other computer-friendly systems that have been developed for substance information, are: SMILES and the International Chemical Identifier or InChI.
Isolation, purification, characterization, and identification.
Often a pure substance needs to be isolated from a mixture, for example from a natural source (where a sample often contains numerous chemical substances) or after a chemical reaction (which often give mixtures of chemical substances).

</doc>
<doc id="9722288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722288" title="The Mighty Orinoco">
The Mighty Orinoco

The Mighty Orinoco () is a novel by French writer Jules Verne (1828–1905), first published in 1898 as a part of the Voyages Extraordinaires. It tells the story of young Jeanne's journey up the Orinoco River in Venezuela with her protector, Sergeant Martial, in order to find her father, Colonel de Kermor, who disappeared some years before.

</doc>
<doc id="9722295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722295" title="Listen (Cindy Morgan album)">
Listen (Cindy Morgan album)

Listen is the fourth album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan. It was released in 1996 by Word Records. It moved further from dance-pop into a singer-songwriterly vein.
Track listing.
All songs written by Morgan, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9722330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722330" title="Canon de 105 mle 1913 Schneider">
Canon de 105 mle 1913 Schneider

The Canon de 105 mle 1913 Schneider was a French artillery piece used in World War I and World War II by many European countries.
History.
In the early 1900s, the French company Schneider began a collaboration with the Russian company Putilov. For this collaboration, it had developed a gun using the Russian 107 mm round, which was ordered by the Russian Army to be produced in Russia (though the initial batch of guns was made in France). Schneider then decided to modify the design for the French 105 mm (4.134 inches) round and offer it to France as well. Initially the French army were not interested in this weapon as they already had plenty of 75 mm field guns. However in 1913 the French army purchased a small number under the designation Canon de 105 mle 1913 Schneider; it was also known by the service designation L 13 S.
The lighter 75 mm guns were of limited use against trenches, so once the western front in World War I had settled down to trench warfare, the French army ordered large numbers of the L 13 S, which with its larger 15.74 kg (34.7 lb) shell was more effective against fortified positions and a range of .
After the end of World War I, France sold or gave many Schneider 105 mm guns to various other countries, including Belgium, Italy, Poland, and Yugoslavia. In Italy the 105 mm was re-designated the Canone da 105/28 and saw service until 1943. Guns were also produced under license in Italy by Ansaldo. Poland also used new model of Schneider's gun with a split trail, called the wz. 29; both were in service at the beginning of WW II in 1939.
The German conquests of Poland, Belgium, France, and Yugoslavia during World War II gave them large numbers of captured 105 mm Schneider guns. 854 L 13 S's were in service in France and a large number were captured. Many of these were installed in the Atlantic Wall system of coastal defenses.
Finland was able to buy 12 of these guns from France during the Winter War, plus rebarrel 6 Russian 107mm Schnieders (4 1910 and 2 1913 models) to 105mm. In addition they were able to purchase 54 captured Polish Armata 105 mm wz. 29 Schneider guns from Germany.
Designations.
Because the gun was used by a large number of countries, it had a large number of official designations.

</doc>
<doc id="9722336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722336" title="Stanton Warriors">
Stanton Warriors

Stanton Warriors are an English DJ and production duo consisting of Dominic Butler and Mark Yardley. Originally from the West Country, the duo have performed internationally with their infamous Stanton Sessions parties in Europe, North America, Asia and Australia. Their name was taken from a manhole cover, made by Stanton Ironworks, which seemed fitting with their style of underground, cutting edge music.
The Stanton Warriors' third mix album was released in the UK on 27 October 2008, entitled "Stanton Session Vol. 3", which is their best-seller to date, and received 5 out of 5 from iDJ. This was also released in a limited run, deluxe edition manhole cover tin pack.
The graffiti style artwork (and their SW logo) seen on many of their releases and merchandise is the work of several renowned graffiti artists, SheOne and Rough, the latter of which won a design award for the artwork on the Stanton Warrior's single, "Da Antidote".
The Stantons have been known to release free to download promotional DJ sets through their websites, where there is also live video footage of their gigs. Now based in West London, they run a successful record label (Punks) out of their recording studio.
Music videos.
In August 2013, "Vice"'s music blog, Thump, premiered the video for "Cut Me Up". Shot in Los Angeles, the video is a character vignette of a fictional gang of skaters named the Stanton Warriors. Much has been made over its presentation of the role reversal position of the city's gang problem. It premiered on MTV in September. The video was directed by Edward Drake.

</doc>
<doc id="9722338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722338" title="Juliet Cesario">
Juliet Cesario

Juliet Cesario (born July 14, 1967) is an American actress, well known for her voice work in anime, notably the series' "You're Under Arrest", "Oh! My Goddess" as Belldandy, and the 2009 release of "Clamp School Detectives". She has also appeared in many television shows, movies and onstage.
History.
She has attended several anime conventions, including Otakon in 1997 and 1998 and Ohayocon, including JACON in 2003 and Animazement in 2007. She has also made appearances in many television shows and films. She has often worked with Coastal Studios.
Cesario is now currently active as an actress in television, film, and animation. She recently starred in a television movie called "What you Want" that aired on YTV in September 2008. She can be seen in "Surface", "One Tree Hill", among many other TV shows and films including "Star Trek: The Next Generation".
Personal.
She is a huge fan of anime. She is also a fan of Speed Racer.

</doc>
<doc id="9722356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722356" title="The Riffs">
The Riffs

The Riffs are a rock and roll and punk band from Portland, Oregon. They have released three full-length albums, all on indie labels, namely Pelado Records, Vendetta Records, and TKO Records.
Influences.
The Riffs are heavily influenced by early punk bands, most notably the Sex Pistols, whose influence can be heard most prominently in the guitars, Sham 69 and the Dead Boys (they paid tribute to the Dead Boys on the cover of "Dead end Dream"). Like other bands that played the first wave of punk music, they were also fans of Protopunk like Eddie and the Hot Rods and The Velvet Underground, as displayed by their cover of "Waiting for the Man" on "Underground Kicks".
Song Content.
Throughout the first two LPs, Underground Kicks and Dead End Dream, the songs and lyrics (written by all members of the band) told a bleak story of growing up in the Portland punk scene, presumably in poverty, afflicted with drug addiction, the repercussions of drug abuse, regret about past violent criminal activity, and a "No Way Out" feeling when it came to creating a fulfilling (if any) future.
The band matured for their latest release, "Death or Glory", as evident by lead singer Mengis' improved vocal abilities—also, he achieved a greater vocal range, such as in "Death or Glory"--smoother production, and implementation of experimental instruments (such as the keyboard in "Poison Boys"). The lyrical content also took a turn for the positive in many ways: "Death or Glory" had considerably more romantic songs than ever before.

</doc>
<doc id="9722365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722365" title="Oratory of San Nicola da Tolentino">
Oratory of San Nicola da Tolentino

The Oratory of San Nicola da Tolentino (in Italian, Oratorio di San Nicola da Tolentino) is a small chapel like structure in Vicenza, which is notable for its excellent collection of 16th- and 17th-century paintings.
Built starting in 1505 for the Venerable confraternity of the saint, construction was completed by 1681, when the facade was finished (attributed to Carlo Bottiron). It is dedicated to Saint Nicholas of Tolentino. 
The interior has a number of canvases based upon events and miracles in the life of San Nicola, many inserted in niches in the wall; works include:
Three statues inside were completed in 1679 by Francesco Pozzo, including a "Madonna and child", "Sts. Agustine", and "St. Nicola". Giuseppe Alabardi also has a work here.

</doc>
<doc id="9722370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722370" title="Lesotho Independence Cup">
Lesotho Independence Cup

The Lesotho Independence Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Lesotho football.

</doc>
<doc id="9722386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722386" title="Too Many Women (novel)">
Too Many Women (novel)

Too Many Women is a Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout, published in 1947 by the Viking Press. The novel was also collected in the omnibus volume "All Aces" (Viking 1958).
Plot introduction.
A malcontent at the Naylor-Kerr corporation charges that one of its employees, thought to have been killed in a hit-and-run accident, was actually murdered. The president of the giant New York firm hires Archie to look for proof one way or another, in the guise of a personnel consultant in the corporation's executive offices — where 500 beautiful women are employed.
Plot summary.
Nero Wolfe is approached by Jasper Pine, the president of Naylor-Kerr Inc., a large engineering corporation. Having recently commissioned a survey into employee turnover, a report has come back from one department claiming that Waldo Moore, an employee previously thought to have been killed in a hit-and-run accident, was in fact murdered. Alarmed by the report, Naylor-Kerr's board of directors wish Nero Wolfe to investigate and resolve the matter. As Wolfe has been increasingly frustrating company of late, Archie Goodwin offers to go undercover as an outside consultant to investigate the matter, and with Wolfe's consent is duly placed on the Naylor-Kerr payroll. 
Archie's investigation begins in the stock department, where Archie is amazed to discover 500 beautiful women employed as secretaries and assistants, including Hester Livsey, Moore's fiancée at the time of his death. He encounters Kerr Naylor, the eccentric and disagreeable department supervisor and the man who lodged the report claiming that Moore was murdered; Naylor is the son of one of the founders of the company and has ambitions towards becoming president. Naylor reveals that he is aware of Goodwin's real identity and reveals that Moore gained his job through the intervention Naylor's sister Celia, who is also married to Jasper Pine. The rumour begins to spread that Archie is investigating Moore's death.
Archie is approached by Rosa Bendini, a filer in the company, who support's Naylor's claim that Moore was murdered before trying to seduce Archie. During their discussion, Archie learns details about Moore's interactions with his coworkers, including Rosa herself and develops a potential list of suspects: Livsey herself; Gwynne Ferris, who attempted to seduce Moore but was rebuffed; Benjamin Frenkel, a supervisor who had developed feelings for Ferris and had been rebuffed; and Summer Hoff, a technical advisor who had gotten into a physical fight with Moore, which was believed to be over Livsey. 
Archie decides to take Bendini back to the brownstone to be interviewed by Wolfe, but they are followed and approached by Harold Anthony, Rosa's jealous estranged husband who suspects Archie of seducing his wife. In the resulting altercation, Rosa flees, and upon subduing Anthony Archie takes him to see Wolfe. Upon being convinced that Archie has no designs on his wife, Anthony becomes cooperative, admitting that he did get into a fight with Moore over his wife but that he has an alibi for the time of the man's death. Afterwards, Cecily Pine contacts Wolfe and arranges an interview with him, taking a shine to Archie in the process. She asks Wolfe to drop his investigation and admits that she had had a close friendship with Moore, and used her influence to get him his job. She tells Wolfe and Archie that she has attempted to persuade her brother to stop causing trouble regarding Moore's death, but her brother has refused. 
The next day, Frenkel approaches Goodwin, and admits that he has been acting irrationally since Moore seduced Ferris away from him; he suspects he has murdered Moore while in a fugue state. They are interrupted by Naylor, who reveals to Archie that he knows the identity of Moore's murderer, but refuses to reveal it. Archie includes this information in his daily report to Pine and the board of executives, and the next day when he arrives at the office he discovers that someone has broken into his filing cabinet and read his reports. A fingerprint analysis reveals that it was Gwynne Ferris, who was the one to spread the rumour of Archie's investigation after he inadvertently asked her about Moore on his first day. During Archie's interview with Ferris, Naylor interrupts once again, retracting his earlier claim of knowing who the murderer was and accusing Archie of lying.
An article about Archie's investigation appears in the "Gazette", prompting Inspector Cramer to arrive at the brownstone. He demands to know what Wolfe and Archie are up to, and the resulting argument gets increasingly heated and childish before it is interrupted by a phone call for Cramer; Kerr Naylor has been found dead, run over at the same location as Waldo Moore. The similarity of the deaths and the location remove any doubt that both men have been the victim of vehicular homicide. Archie accompanies Cramer to interview all the suspects except for Hester Livsey, who is out of town.
Saul Panzer arrives at the brownstone the next day. Having been hired by Wolfe to tail Kerr Naylor but having lost the tail before the murder, he reveals that on the afternoon of his death Naylor met up with a young woman with whom he had an argument; the description matches Hester Livsey. Archie manages to persuade Wolfe to hold off on contacting the police with this information until Saul has confirmed that Livsey was the woman in question, but Wolfe assigns Saul a task that Archie is not privy to. That Monday, Saul confirms to Archie that Livsey was the woman he saw when the two detectives see her arrive for work -- then, upon seeing Summer Hoff approach her, Saul reveals that he was also present, having observed the meeting as well.
Archie is approached by the company board of directors, including Pine, who vote to hire Wolfe to investigate both murders and identify the murderer. Archie reveals to Livsey that he is aware she is hiding something about the matter, although he does not reveal what, and persuades her to come to Wolfe's office for an interview. Summer Hoff tags along, and when Wolfe challenges them regarding her meeting with Naylor, both claim that they were with each other at the time. Insulted by the transparency of the lie, and after a lengthy period of futile investigating which produces no information of value, Wolfe arranges a ploy with Archie to stir the murderer into action. 
The next day, Archie stages a meeting with Livsey that makes it seem like she has revealed the identity of the murderer to him, and further implies this to Gwynne Ferris, the office gossip. Between the two, the rumour is soon spreading that Livsey knows who the murderer is, and Archie further stokes the flames of gossip with a report to the board of directors that confirms this. The resulting gossip stirs the key suspects into action, and under the pressure Livsey finally cracks, insisting that she will reveal the truth to anyone except Jasper Pine. Archie convinces her to accompany him to the brownstone for her protection, where Wolfe summons Cecily Pine by informing her that he knows who the murderer is.
When she arrives, Cecily Pine confirms Wolfe's suspicions -- the murderer was her husband, Jasper Pine. Over a year ago, Pine and Livsey had begun a clandestine affair, during which Pine had become increasingly obsessed with her. Although not resentful of the affair itself, Cecily begun to fear that her husband's obsession was threatening their comfortable lifestyle, and so persuaded Moore to seduce Livsey away from her husband. When Moore and Livsey ended up falling in love, Jasper Pine was driven to a jealous rage and murdered Moore. Cecily confided in her brother, and Naylor used the information to try and force Pine out of the company presidency and seize it for himself, but underestimated Pine; Pine murdered him to keep him silent. The conversation is interrupted by a phone call from one of Wolfe's operatives revealing that Jasper Pine has committed suicide by leaping out of his office window, and Wolfe and Archie realise that Cecily manipulated him into doing so.
Extraordinary Events.
The resolution to this Nero Wolfe case is made significantly more difficult by two events that border on impossibility within the Nero Wolfe universe: 1) Saul Panzer loses a tail, and 2) Fritz forgets to give Archie a message. All of the principal characters in the novel are aghast at how astronomically unlikely each of these events, by themselves are, never mind both of them occurring in a short period of time.
Inspector Cramer, who always assumes Wolfe is keeping vital information from him, is perhaps most convinced of that in this Nero Wolfe story than in any other, since to take what Wolfe and Archie are telling him at face value, he must believe that these two "impossible" events took place (even though they actually did).

</doc>
<doc id="9722395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722395" title="Ukrainian Figure Skating Championships">
Ukrainian Figure Skating Championships

The Ukrainian Figure Skating Championships are a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of Ukraine. Medals are awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. In the 2013–14 season, the senior nationals were combined with an international competition, the Ukrainian Open.
The Russian language predominates in figure skating in Ukraine, although Ukrainian is the native language of about 67% of the general population. International Skating Union biographies generally give Ukrainian skaters' names in Russian rather than Ukrainian form. 

</doc>
<doc id="9722442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722442" title="Rose ffrench, 1st Baroness ffrench">
Rose ffrench, 1st Baroness ffrench

Rose ffrench, 1st Baroness ffrench (died 8 December 1805) was an Irish peeress.
The eldest daughter of Patrick Dillon of Roscommon, she married on 25 June 1761,
Sir Charles ffrench, 1st Baronet (cr.1779), who was later Mayor of Galway. He died in 1784.
In 1798, Lady ffrench was created Baroness ffrench, of Castle ffrench, County Galway in recognition of the services of her son, Sir Thomas ffrench, 2nd Bt., who was a member of the Catholic Committee. Because she was nominally Protestant, the creation was in keeping with King George III's objection to elevating Catholics to the peerage. 
Upon her decease, her Catholic son Sir Thomas inherited the barony. 

</doc>
<doc id="9722453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722453" title="Dorothy Counts">
Dorothy Counts

Dorothy Counts (born 1942) was one of the first black students admitted to the Harry Harding High School, in Charlotte, North Carolina. After four days of harassment that threatened her safety, her parents forced her to withdraw from the school.
History.
In 1956, forty black students applied for transfers at a white school. At 15 years of age, on 4 September 1957, Dorothy Counts was one of the four black students enrolled at various all-white schools in the district; She was at Harry Harding High School, Charlotte, North Carolina. Three students were enrolled at other schools, including Central High School. The harassment started when the wife of John Z. Warlick, the leader of the White Citizens Council, urged the boys to "keep her out" and at the same time, implored the girls to spit on her, saying, "spit on her, girls, spit on her." Dorothy walked by without reacting, but told the press that many people threw rocks at her—most of which landed in front of her feet—and that many spat on her back. Photographer Douglas Martin won the 1957 World Press Photo of the Year with an image of Counts being mocked by a crowd on her first day of school.
More abuse followed that day. She had trash thrown at her while eating her dinner and the teachers ignored her. The following day, she befriended two white girls, but they soon drew back because of harassment from other classmates. Her family received threatening phone calls and after four days of extensive harassment—which included a smashed car and having her locker ransacked, her father decided to take his daughter out of the school. At a press conference, he said:
It is with compassion for our native land and love for our daughter Dorothy that we withdraw her as a student at Harding High School. As long as we felt she could be protected from bodily injury and insults within the school’s walls and upon the school premises, we were willing to grant her desire to study at Harding.
The family moved to Pennsylvania, where Counts attended an integrated school in Philadelphia, and later earned a degree from Johnson C. Smith University. She has spent her professional career in child care resources.
In 2008, Harding High School awarded Counts an honorary diploma. In 2010, Counts received a public apology from a member of the crowd which harassed her in 1957. In 2010, Harding High School renamed its library in honor of Counts-Scoggins, an honour rarely bestowed upon living persons.

</doc>
<doc id="9722455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722455" title="Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge">
Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge

The Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1933 as a waterfowl sanctuary for birds migrating along the critical migration highway called the Atlantic Flyway. The Refuge is located on Maryland's Eastern Shore, just 12 miles south of Cambridge, Maryland in Dorchester County, and consists of over 27,000 acres (110 km2) of freshwater impoundments, brackish tidal wetlands, open fields, and mixed evergreen and deciduous forests. Blackwater NWR is one of over 540 units in the National Wildlife Refuge System, which is managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
Blackwater Refuge is fed by the Blackwater River and the Little Blackwater River. The name "blackwater" comes from the tea-colored waters of the local rivers, which are darkened by the tannin that is picked up as the water drains through peat soil in the marshes.
Wildlife.
In addition to a wealth of wetlands and forests, Blackwater Refuge is also host to over 250 bird species, 35 species of reptiles and amphibians, 165 species of threatened and endangered plants, and numerous mammals that can be spotted throughout the year in Blackwater's marshes, forests, meadows, and fields. During winter migration, Blackwater Refuge is also home to upwards of 35,000 geese and 15,000 ducks. The Refuge is currently host to three recovering species: the endangered Delmarva fox squirrel, the delisted migrant peregrine falcon, and the recently delisted American bald eagle.
Mammals.
Blackwater Refuge is home to a variety of mammals, which until recently included the South American Nutria. Introduced to the refuge in the 1930s, intensive trapping efforts starting in 2002 helped nearly eliminate the animal from the area. Among the mammals is also the Delmarva fox squirrel, considered an endangered species. Blackwater forest management programs are working to protect this squirrel.
Mammals found at Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge include: 
Reptiles and Amphibians.
The marshes and swamps of Blackwater provide an ideal living environment for a number of reptiles and amphibians. 
Blackwater Refuge's reptiles include:
Blackwater Refuge's amphibians include:
Birds.
Blackwater Refuge is a major feeding ground for migrating birds, most abundant being the Canadian goose. Swans, cranes, and more than 20 species of duck can be found in its waters. Also of note is the bald eagle, another of the refuge's protected species. In all, the refuge is a resting ground for over 200 varieties of bird. 
Some of the more common birds to be spotted in Blackwater Refuge are: 
Bald Eagles.
The most famous wildlife resident in the Blackwater Wildlife Refuge is the bald eagle. The Refuge hosts the largest breeding population of bald eagles on the East Coast north of Florida, and during the winter, many eagles migrate to Blackwater Refuge from northern states and from Canada. The Friends of Blackwater website offers a live Eagle Cam that monitors an eagle nest on the Refuge.
In addition, the Friends of Blackwater also offer a live Osprey Cam that follows the adventures of a nesting pair of ospreys through the spring and summer.
Visitor Opportunities.
Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge also offers a wealth of recreational and visitor opportunities for all age groups. Although much of Blackwater Refuge is composed of wetlands, there are still many ways to get close to the wildlife and to enjoy the scenery.
The Refuge features a Visitor Center on Key Wallace Drive where visitors will find wildlife exhibits, an authentic eagle's nest, Eagle Cam and Osprey Cam TV monitors, the Eagle's Nest Book and Gift Shop, a butterfly garden, restrooms, and maps and brochures that will help visitors make the most of their visit. On the second floor of the Visitor Center is the "Wild Birds Unlimited Pathways to Nature Observatory," which features bird exhibits and spotting scopes for viewing the Blackwater River, the marsh, and the Osprey Cam platform. (The second floor is accessible via a staircase or a handicap-accessible elevator). The staff at the Visitor Center also offer educational programs for children, as well as frequent organized bird walks, and an annual Eagle Festival and Open House. The center is open Monday through Thursday 8am - 4pm, and Friday from 9am - 5pm. However, access to the refuge is open nearly every day from dawn till dusk. 
The heart of Blackwater Refuge can be accessed via the Wildlife Drive, which is a paved road—approximately 3 1/2 miles in length (or a 6 1/2 mile loop) —that takes visitors along the Blackwater River and offers excellent views of the local wildlife. Visitors can drive, bike, or walk the length of the Drive.
There is a daily permit fee of $3.00 for private vehicles (not including commercial vans or buses) and of $1.00 for pedestrians and bicyclists wishing to access the Wildlife Drive. There are also longer permits and passes available, including a variety of annual passes and a senior citizen pass. 
In addition to the Visitor Center and Wildlife Drive, Blackwater Refuge offers three paddling trails, four hiking trails, and hunting, fishing, and crabbing opportunities. There are also other entrances to Blackwater Refuge, making it possible to drive through the refuge without having to take the Wildlife Drive.
Staff and Volunteers.
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service staff at Blackwater Refuge have been honored by the National Wildlife Refuge Association and the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation. In 2006, Refuge Manager Glenn Carowan was named "Refuge Manager of the Year," and in 2007, Refuge employee Bill Giese was named "Employee of the Year."
The Blackwater Refuge staff is supported by the Friends of Blackwater, which is a non-profit citizen support group that puts in many volunteer hours at the Refuge and sponsors various programs and projects throughout the year. In 2003, the Friends of Blackwater were named the "Friends Group of the Year."

</doc>
<doc id="9722485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722485" title="Schapira">
Schapira

Schapira may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9722490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722490" title="Mount Antoine">
Mount Antoine

Mount Antoine is a 630 Vertical Feet high hill north of the town of Mattawa, Ontario, Canada. Until 2000, it was a ski hill operated jointly with Laurentian Ski Hill in North Bay. At one time, the hill drew weekly tour buses from as far away as Sudbury (approx. 180 km away). Unfortunately, changing economic realities in Northern Ontario coupled with ill advised expansion and improvement projects resulted in the hill closing to the public.
Statistics.
Lifts: 3
Top: 
Bottom: 
Vertical: 
Longest Run: 
Skiable area: 
Beginner: 45%
Intermediate: 27%
Advanced: 28%

</doc>
<doc id="9722497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722497" title="Idiosepius pygmaeus">
Idiosepius pygmaeus

Idiosepius pygmaeus, also known as the Two-toned Pygmy Squid, is a species of bobtail squid native to the Indo-Pacific. It occurs in waters of the South China Sea, Japan, Philippines, Palau, Indonesia, Northern Mariana Islands, as well as northern and northeastern Australia. It inhabits shallow, inshore waters.
"I. pygmaeus" weighs 0.00033 g upon hatching and increases in weight to 0.175 g as it reaches maturity in 50 days (1260 degree days). It inhabits waters at a temperature of 25.2ºC. Growth rate has been calculated as 12.55 and physiological growth rate as 0.498.
"I. pygmaeus" grows to 20 mm in mantle length.
This species has been reared on a diet of glass shrimp ("Acetes sibogae australis") in the laboratory. 
The type specimen was collected in the South China Sea () and is deposited at the Zoologisk Museum of Kobenhavns Universitet in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="9722527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722527" title="Wakakusa, Yamanashi">
Wakakusa, Yamanashi

As of 2003 it has a population of 11,671. The Japanese kanji can be translated as "Young" - "Grass".
Geography.
Wakakusa is located approximately 12 kilometers from Kofu. It covers an area of 10.29 square kilometers and lies on latitude 35° north and longitude 138° east. Wakakusa is a relatively flat area with many rice fields and orchards. The Kamanashi River (釜無川）forms its Eastern boundary.
History.
Long ago there were many independent hamlets between the Kamanashi River and the Japan Alps. At the beginning of the Meiji Restoration three hamlets—Tōkaichiba (十日市場), Kagami (加賀美), and Terabe (寺部) merged to form a new village called Mitsue (三枝).
After World War II, Mistue merged with Tōda (籐田), Asabara, and Kagaminakajō (鏡中條) to form the village of Wakakusa.
Wakakusa was independent until 2003 when the city leaders decided to merge with the towns of Kōsai, Kushigata and Shirane, and the villages of Ashiyasu and Hatta (all from Nakakoma District) to create the city of Minami-Alps.
Devil's Head tile.
Wakakusa has a long tradition of tilemaking. In the past, the Devil's Head tile adorned the cornices of many houses in the village. It is believed that the face keeps evil spirits away.
Education.
Wakakusa contains four schools:
Temples.
Hōzen-ji- Founded in 806 A.D., this temple follows the Nichiren sect of Japanese Buddhism.
Anyoji- This temple follows the Shingon sect of Buddhism. It was founded in 1234 A.D.
Hot Springs.
Yu-Yu Furei Park is located in east-central Wakakusa. In addition to a large municipal park the area also contains a Hot Spring.
Tōkaichi Festival.
The Tōkaichi festival (十日市) is the most famous festival in Wakakusa. It occurs every year on 10 February.
During the Kamakura period, a distinguished priest, Saint Kakuou, was living in this area. Before he was invited to live here, he had belonged to the famous Koyasan temple in Kii region. On January 10, according to the lunar calendar, he heard an oracle that suggested he carve a statue. He made the statue, and it was deified. People prayed to it day and night.
One day, during the rice-planting season in the same year, a rampaging horse was causing great trouble to the farmers. From nowhere, a boy of 15 or 16 suddenly appeared and grabbed the bit of the horse. Miraculously, the horse was calmed down, and then the farmers could plant their rice peacefully.
A little after this incident, some people noticed that the statue had some mud attached to its feet. People believed that the statue had transformed into the boy and helped the farmers; the guardian deity got the mud when he was dealing with the horse. Since then, people have called it the "Hana-tori Statue" which means, "A statue that leads horses and cows by their noses". They also held an annual festival on January 10, the day when the priest received the oracle. It is said that people from all over Yamanashi came to visit the festival en masse as the rumor of the mythic statue in Tokaichi spread.
Geologically speaking, located at the end of the Midai river alluvial fan, this region around Tokaichi is suitable for both rice cultivation and dry field farming. In addition to this, the region is close to key agricultural and forestry places: Takata, a paddy region in former Tatomi and Kosai towns; Genkata, a dry field farming region in former Shirane town; and Nekata, a forestry region in Masuho town. All of these geological conditions of Tokaichi made it become a big market place where farm products and agricultural machines were exchanged or sold. They say that the history of the market dates back to the Edo era.
More sundry items are now at the Tokaichi market: Daruma dolls, good luck charms, household tools, garden plants, and prepared food.

</doc>
<doc id="9722535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722535" title="Trisops">
Trisops

Trisops was an experimental machine for the study of magnetic confinement of plasmas with the ultimate goal of producing fusion power. The configuration was a variation of a compact toroid, a toroidal (doughnut-shaped) structure of plasma and magnetic fields with no coils penetrating the center. It lost funding in its original form in 1978.
The configuration was produced by combining two individual toroids produced by two conical θ pinch guns, located at either end of a length of Pyrex pipe with a constant magnetic guide field. The toroidal currents in the toroids were in opposite directions, so that they repelled each other. After coming to an equilibrium, they were adiabatically compressed by increasing the external field.
Force Free Plasma Vortices.
Force free plasma vortices have uniform magnetic helicity and therefore are stable against many instabilities. Typically, the current decays faster in the colder regions until the gradient in helicity is large enough to allow a turbulent redistribution of the current.
Force free vortices follow the following equations.
The first equation describes a Lorentz force-free fluid: the formula_2 forces are everywhere zero. For a laboratory plasma α is a constant and β is a scalar function of spatial coordinates.
The magnetic flux surfaces are toroidal, with the current being totally toroidal at the core of the torus and totally poloidal at the surface of the torus. This is similar to the field configuration of a tokamak, except that the field-producing coils are simpler and do not penetrate the plasma torus.
Note that, unlike most plasma structures, the Lorentz force and the Magnus force, 
formula_3, 
play equivalent roles. formula_4 is the mass density.
The Trisops Project.
Dr. Daniel Wells, while working on the Stellarator at the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory in the 1960s conceived of colliding and then compressing stable force free plasma toroids to produce conditions needed for thermonuclear fusion. The name, Trisops, is an acronym for Thermonuclear Reactor In Support of Project Sherwood. He later moved to the University of Miami where he set set up the Trisops machine, supported by the National Science Foundation and Florida Power and Light.
The project continued until 1978 when the NSF discontinued the grant and the Department of Energy did not pick up the support.
The Trisops Machine.
The Trisops machine consisted of DC mirror coils producing a 0.5 T guide field, two conical θ-pinch guns which produced two counter-rotating plasma vortices inside a pyrex vacuum chamber. The vortices approached each other, collided, repelled each other, and finally came to rest. At that time the compression coils produced a 3.5 T field with a quarter-cycle rise time of 10 μs.
Results.
The compressed rings retained their structure for 5 μs, with a density of 2 x 1017 cm−3, an ion temperature of 5 keV, an electron temperature of 300 eV. A cutoff of funds prevented further measurements to resolve the discrepancy between the above figures, and the plasma electron-ion temperature equilibration time of 1 μs.
Followup.
The project lost funding in 1978. The machine was disassembled and remained at the University of Miami until 1997. At that time, the machine was moved to Lanham Md and reassembled for the CMTX project ( see reference ). The current status of the project and the machine are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9722546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722546" title="Gambian Cup">
Gambian Cup

The Gambian Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Gambian football.

</doc>
<doc id="9722550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722550" title="Michael Petroni">
Michael Petroni

Michael Petroni is an Australian film writer and director.
Biography.
Petroni worked in the early 1990s as a comedy writer and performer on Australian television, and appeared as "Psycho Bob", an American serial killer character, in "The Big Gig" and "DAAS Kapital" (with the Doug Anthony All Stars).
In 1994, he moved to Los Angeles to study screenwriting at the AFI Conservatory, from which he graduated in 1996. During his time at the AFI, he wrote his first feature film script, "Till Human Voices Wake Us" which he subsequently directed as a feature film starring Guy Pearce and Helena Bonham Carter, winning several awards for the script.
Since his debut, Petroni has also co-written "The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys" (2002), "Queen of the Damned" (2002) and "Possession" (2009), an English language adaptation of the Korean film "Addicted". He also co-created the 2003 TV series "Miracles" with Richard Hatem, with the series based on his unfilmed movie script "A Course in Miracles" which had been in development since 1998 with Jerry Zucker and later Russell Crowe attached to direct.
On 26 February 2008, Variety reported that Petroni was writing the script for "", the third installment in "The Chronicles of Narnia" franchise. Recently, he wrote the screenplay for exorcism horror movie "The Rite" based on the book by Matt Baglio. In March 2013, Screen Australia announced that it would be funding an Australian supernatural thriller, "Backtrack", which Petroni would write and direct.

</doc>
<doc id="9722556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722556" title="Charles Cooper (judge)">
Charles Cooper (judge)

Sir Charles Cooper (1795 – 24 May 1887) was a politician and the first Chief Justice of South Australia.
Cooper was born in Henley-on-Thames, the third son of Thomas Cooper, under-sheriff of Oxfordshire. Charle entered the Inner Temple in 1822 and was called to the bar in February 1827. He practised on the Oxford circuit until 1838, and was then appointed judge at Adelaide. He landed there in March 1839 in the "Katherine Stewart Forbes", and was for many years the sole judge, then senior judge, and in June 1856 was appointed the first South Australian chief justice. In September 1860 he was sworn in as a member of the Executive Council.
Cooper retired from the bench in November 1861 and from the Executive Council in August 1862 owing to ill-health and was given a pension of £1000 a year. He returned to England in 1862, resided at Bath, Somerset, and improving much in his health lived to be 92 years of age. He died at London on 24 May 1887. He married in 1853 Emily Grace Newenham, daughter of Charles Burton Newenham (Sheriff of South Australia 1839-1856). He was knighted in 1857. Cooper's Creek, (now Cooper Creek), in central Australia was named after him by his friend, Captain Sturt. Cooper was a thoroughly capable judge who earned the esteem of the colonists. He held courts at first in his own house, which had the advantage that he was constantly on the premises. He was a sound lawyer and framed the first insolvency legislation of the colony. Though not robust looking, he was hospitable and interested in the social and intellectual life of the colony.

</doc>
<doc id="9722580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722580" title="Waverley Rugby Club">
Waverley Rugby Club

The Waverley Rugby Union Club (Waverley RF&SC) is a team in the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union, the largest rugby union football competition in New South Wales. The club is based in Bondi in the eastern suburbs of Sydney.
Waverley has a proud history in the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union competition having won numerous Grade and Division championships. Waverley has won the 1st Division Championship 4 times (in three of which won the 1st Grade title too), 2nd Division twice and 3rd Division once since foundation.
Club history.
The club was founded in 1971
Premierships.
Total Men's Premierships: 37.
Total Men's Division Club Champions: 7.
2007 Winners of 3rd Division Club championship
2002 Winners of 2nd Division club championship
1992 Winners of the 1st Division club championship
1991 Winners of the 1st Division club championship
1990 Winners of the 1st Division club championship
1989 Winners of the 1st Division club championship
1986 Winners of the 2nd Division club championship

</doc>
<doc id="9722591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722591" title="Djibouti Cup">
Djibouti Cup

The Djibouti Cup is the premier professional football tournament in Djibouti.

</doc>
<doc id="9722601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722601" title="Buckley School (New York City)">
Buckley School (New York City)

Buckley School is an independent, K-9 day school for boys that is located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City. 
Overview.
The school has three divisions: Lower School (K-3), Middle School (4-6) and Upper School (7-9), with a student body of approximately 370 pupils and 90 faculty and staff members. The headmaster is Gregory J. O’Melia, who is the sixth headmaster to be appointed since the school's founding in 1913.
Buckley is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools, the New York State Association of Independent Schools and the International Boys’ Schools Coalition. Additionally, it is a charter member of the Manhattan Private Middle School League and the Metropolitan Private Middle School Track and Field Association. The school’s motto is “Honor et Veritas” (Honor and Truth), and its official seal is a shield.
Buckley has long been regarded as one of New York City's most exclusive private schools.
History.
B. Lord Buckley, a professional educator, founded Buckley in 1913 as a boys' elementary school with the aim of offering a classical curriculum. The original school was located above a milliner's shop on Madison Avenue. In 1917, the school moved to a larger building on East 74th Street. In the late 1990s, Buckley purchased a townhouse on 73rd Street where the main school is currently located. The 74th Street Hubball building continues to be a part of the school and houses Beginners classrooms and athletic facilities. 
Five headmasters have succeeded B. Lord Buckley: Evelyn Adams (1932-1940), James Hubball (1940-1972), C. Brett Boocock (1972-1982), Brian Walsh (1982-2001) and its current headmaster, Gregory O’Melia (2001-present).
Sports.
Buckley offers a wide range of athletic activities to encourage fitness and strong sportsmanship. Games and practices are held on Randall’s Island. Cross country, football and soccer are offered in the fall; basketball, gymnastics, strength training and wrestling are offered in the winter; baseball, gymnastics, lacrosse and track compete in the spring.
Every year, varsity football teams from Buckley and a rival, the - Allen-Stevenson School - compete in a match known as the East Side Bowl. The winning team takes home the East Side Cup. The Buckley varsity wrestling team competes in the King of the Ring Tournament every year. In 2012, they won the league championship for the 25th consecutive year. Field Day takes place at the end of the school year on Randall’s Island. Boys in every class compete in traditional track races as well as fun events, such as tug of war, sack races, egg relays and the obstacle course.

</doc>
<doc id="9722606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722606" title="Douglas GAA">
Douglas GAA

Douglas GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the Douglas suburb of Cork, Ireland. The club participates at different levels in hurling, Gaelic football, camogie and ladies football. The club is part of the Seandun division of Cork GAA.

</doc>
<doc id="9722607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722607" title="Guilford Glazer">
Guilford Glazer

Guilford Glazer (born July 17, 1921) is an American real estate developer and philanthropist.
Biography.
Early life.
Glazer was born in and grew up in Knoxville, Tennessee, one of the seven children of a welder. He grew up in the Fourth and Gill neighborhood and attended Knoxville High School, graduating in 1938. He enrolled at George Washington University with the intention of becoming an engineer, but after the United States entered World War II, he left college to join the Navy. In the Navy he engaged in ship construction. 
Career.
After the war ended, he returned to East Tennessee and took over the family-owned welding shop. Under his management, the business grew to become a major steel fabrication business, the Glazer Steel Corporation. With production facilities in Knoxville and New Orleans, Glazer Steel fabricated bridges and other structures for Kaiser Aluminum, the government of France, and other customers around the world.
The first building that Glazer developed was Shelbourne Towers near the University of Tennessee campus in Knoxville, described as Knoxville's "first high-rise apartment building". His entry into the real estate development business occurred in 1951, when the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission selected a company headed by Glazer to build a shopping center in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. A shortage of steel resulting from the Korean War delayed construction, but the center opened in 1955.
In 1960, Glazer moved to the Los Angeles metropolitan area, where in the 1970s he developed the Del Amo Fashion Center, which was at one time the world's largest shopping mall. His company was involved in shopping center development throughout the United States, allowing Glazer to amass a considerable fortune. His name appeared regularly on the "Forbes" magazine "List of 400 Richest Americans"; in 2005 his net worth was estimated at $900 million. 
Now retired from real estate, he has sold off most of his real estate holdings. The Del Amo Fashion Center was sold to the Mills Corporation in 2003. 
Philanthropy.
In recent years, he has focused on philanthropic causes, particularly in support of Israel. The business school of the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, established in 1995 and now named the Guilford Glazer Faculty of Business and Management, was named for him in 2007 following a major donation. In 2008, Pepperdine University opened the Diane and Guilford Glazer Institute for Jewish Studies, funded by donations from the Glazers.
Personal life.
He resides in Beverly Hills, California, with his second wife, Diane Pregerson Glazer. Formerly an attorney, Diane Glazer has hosted an interview program on a local television station in the Los Angeles area. He is the father of two children. His first marriage ended in divorce.

</doc>
<doc id="9722617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722617" title="Charles Asgill">
Charles Asgill

Charles Asgill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9722632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722632" title="Talpiot Tomb">
Talpiot Tomb

The Talpiot Tomb (or Talpiyot Tomb) is a rock-cut tomb discovered in 1980 in the East Talpiot neighborhood, five kilometers south of the Old City in East Jerusalem. It contained ten ossuaries, six of them with epigraphs, including one with the inscription that has been interpreted as ""Yeshua bar Yehosef"" ("Jesus, son of Joseph"), though this text is not well-formed (i.e. it is sloppy) and highly disputed. The tomb also yielded various human remains and several carvings.
The Talpiot find was first published in 1994 in "Catalogue of Jewish Ossuaries in the Collections of the State of Israel" numbers 701-709, and first discussed in the media in Britain during March/April 1996. Later in 1996, an article describing the find was published in volume 29 of "Atiqot", the journal of the Israel Antiquities Authority. A controversial 2007 documentary film produced by Canadian film director James Cameron and investigative journalist Simcha Jacobovici titled "The Lost Tomb of Jesus" and a book written by Jacobovici, together with Charles Pellegrino, "The Jesus Family Tomb" present findings that the authors believe prove that the Talpiot Tomb was the burial place of Jesus of Nazareth, as well as several other figures from the New Testament. This claim is disputed by many archaeologists and theologians, as well as language and biblical scholars.
History.
The archaeological team that excavated the tomb in 1980 determined it to be from the Second Temple-Third Temple period, which lasted from about 538 BC to AD 70. Typical of the area, a tomb of this type would be assumed to have belonged to a wealthy Jewish family. About 900 similar tombs have been unearthed in the same area.
Discovery and excavation.
The tomb was discovered on March 28, 1980, by construction workers laying the foundations for an apartment complex, when preparatory demolition work accidentally uncovered the tomb's entrance. The site was visited the next day by Amos Kloner, the area supervisor for the Israel Department of Antiquities (IDA, now the Israel Antiquities Authority, or IAA.) Kloner drew up a set of preliminary sketches and requested a permit for a salvage dig to be directed by Yosef Gat. The permit was issued Monday, March 31, but work actually began the day before. Although it has been said that the team was only given three days to complete the work, Gat's notes indicate that the work proceeded "intermittently" until its official end on April 11, with most of the work completed within the first two days.
Construction of the apartment buildings was completed in 1982. The children of Tova Bracha, a local resident, managed to get into the tomb and play inside. Bracha notified the authorities, who sealed the entrance for safety reasons. The children found some discarded Jewish religious texts that had been placed in the tomb, which was being used as a genizah.
Jacobovici and his film crew opened the tomb again in 2005. Their footage was incorporated into the 2007 documentary "The Lost Tomb of Jesus". As Jacobovici and his crew had neglected to obtain permission from the Antiques Authority, an official ordered that the tomb be resealed. The tomb, which is not open to the public, is located in a courtyard on Dov Gruner Street, down a flight of stairs at the corner of Olei Hagardom and Avshalom Haviv Streets. On January 17, 2008, Ruth Gat, the widow of the archaeologist who discovered the tomb in Talpiot, claimed that Yosef Gat had kept the discovery a secret until mid-1990s because he was afraid a wave of anti-Semitism would ensue if he did not do so.
Layout.
The tomb is carved from the solid limestone bedrock. Within are six kokhim, or burial shafts and two "arcosolia", or arched shelves where a body could be laid out for entombment. The ossuaries were found within the shafts.
Artifacts.
Ossuaries.
Ten limestone ossuaries were found, with six of them bearing epigraphs although only four of them were recognized as such in the field. The archaeological team determined the ossuaries to be of little note, and delivered them to the Rockefeller Museum for analysis and storage.
According to Jacobovici, Cameron, and religious studies professor James Tabor, one of the unmarked ossuaries later disappeared when it was stored in a courtyard outside the museum. This claim has been criticized by both Joe Zias, former curator of the museum, and Kloner.
Each of the ten ossuaries contained human remains, said to be in an "advanced state of deterioration" by Amos Kloner. The tomb may have been multi-generational, with several generations of bones stored in each ossuary, but no record was kept of their contents and no analysis appears to have been done to determine how many individuals were represented by the bones found. In addition, three skulls were found on the floor of the tomb below the 0.5 metre fill layer, and crushed bones were found in the fill upon the arcosolia. The scattering of these bones below the fill indicated that the tomb had been disturbed in antiquity. All the bones were eventually turned over to religious authorities for burial.
Symbols.
A chevron and circle pattern is visible above the entrance of the tomb. Some believe this is a depiction of the Nicanor Gate of the Temple of Jerusalem, which appears on coins from this period.
Media coverage.
The BBC first aired a documentary on the Talpiot Tomb in 1996 as part of its "Heart of the Matter" news magazine. At that time, Amos Kloner, the first archaeologist to examine the site said the claims of a connection to Jesus did not hold up archaeologically, adding "They just want to get money for it." Others were similarly skeptical, although another of the archaeologists who discovered the tomb admitted "I'm willing to accept the possibility."
2008 Princeton Symposium.
Following a symposium ("Third Princeton Theological Seminary Symposium on Jewish Views of the Afterlife and Burial Practices in Second Temple Judaism: Evaluating the Talpiot Tomb in Context") held in Jerusalem in January 2008, the media interest in the Talpiot tomb was reignited with most notably "Time" and CNN devoting extensive coverage, hailing the case as being reopened. In particular Simcha Jacobovici is reported to have issued statements to the press saying the symposium has reopened the case and that he felt "totally vindicated". Jacobovici has denied making any such press release.
It was during this symposium that Ruth Gat, while accepting a posthumous award for Yosef Gat, announced: "My husband, the lead archaeologist of the East Talpiot tomb in southern Jerusalem, believed that the tomb he excavated in 1980 was, indeed, the tomb of Jesus of Nazareth and his family."
Following the media's portrayal scholars present at the symposium accused Simcha Jacobovici and James Cameron of misleading the media in claiming the symposium reopened their theory as viable. Several scholars, including significantly all of the archaeologists and epigraphers, who had delivered papers at the symposium issued an open letter of complaint claiming misrepresentation, saying that Jacobovici and Cameron's claims of support from the symposium are "nothing further from the truth".
The list of scholars who signed the open letter of criticism included:
Joe Zias, Senior Curator of Archaeology/Anthropology for the Israel Antiquities Authority 1972-1997, cited a leaked memo issued from James Tabor before the symposium as proof of "outside intervention by Simcha and Tabor in order to distort the agenda and skew the proceedings in a way that was favorable to their pre-conceived plan". Géza Vermes issued a statement saying that the arguments for the Talpiot tomb are not "just unconvincing but insignificant". That "Discounting a handful, headed by James Tabor and Simcha Jacobovici, the maker of the documentary, The Lost Tomb of Jesus, most of the fifty or so participants shared this opinion".
Princeton Theological Seminary issued a letter following the controversy and reiterated concerns that:
"the press following the symposium gave almost the exact opposite impression ("of the symposium's results"), stating, instead, that the conference proceedings gave credence to the identification of the Talpiot tomb with a putative family tomb of Jesus of Nazareth. As is abundantly clear from the statements to the contrary that have been issued since the symposium by many of the participants, such representations are patently false and blatantly misrepresent the spirit and scholarly content of the deliberations."
A recent edition of the scientific journal "Near Eastern Archaeology" (Vol. 69, Iss. 3/4, Sep-Dec 2006), published by "The American Schools of Oriental Research" contains several articles concerning the Talpiot Tomb, including an overview over the controversy.
"The Lost Tomb of Jesus" and "The Jesus Family Tomb".
"The Lost Tomb of Jesus" premiered on The Discovery Channel on March 4, 2007, timed to coordinate with publication of Jacobovici's book "The Jesus Family Tomb".
Jacobovici argues that the bones of Jesus, Mary and Mary Magdalene, along with some of their relatives, were once entombed in this cave, working with statisticians, archaeologists, historians, DNA experts, robot-camera technicians, epigraphers and a forensic expert to argue his case. This claim is rejected by most biblical scholars of archaeology.
Israeli archaeologist Amos Kloner, who was among the first to examine the tomb when it was first discovered, said the names marked on the coffins were very common at the time. "I don't accept the news that it was used by Jesus or his family," he told the BBC News website. "The documentary filmmakers are using it to sell their film."
In 2011 Tabor and Jacobovici examined (although without fully excavating) the previously unexcavated 1st century Jewish tomb next to the alleged 'Jesus Family tomb'. The results of that examination have not yet been released. Tabor has indicated that they will be released at a press conference in November 2011, and in a forthcoming book.
Statistical analysis.
A central question has regarded the probability that a tomb might contain the specific group of names as the Talpiot Tomb. Experts such as Richard Bauckham, David Mavorah and Amos Kloner have asserted the commonness of archaeological inscriptions bearing the name "Jesus." Paul Maier, professor of ancient history at Western Michigan University, notes that there were at least 21 "Yeshuas" or Jesuses famous enough to be included in the histories of Josephus.
For their part, the filmmakers present a statistical study conducted by Andrey Feuerverger, professor of statistics and mathematics at the University of Toronto, which concluded that while the names are not uncommon, the conservative odds that such names would be found together in any one tomb around are (depending on variables) from 600 to 1 to 1,000,000 to 1 in favor of it being authentic.
However, Dr. Feuerverger later said, "It is not in the purview of statistics to conclude whether or not this tombsite is that of the New Testament family. Any such conclusion much more rightfully belongs to the purview of biblical historical scholars who are in a much better position to assess the assumptions entering into the computations. The role of statistics here is primarily to attempt to assess the odds of an equally (or more) 'compelling' cluster of names arising purely by chance under certain random sampling assumptions and under certain historical assumptions. In this respect I now believe that I should not assert any conclusions connecting this tomb with any hypothetical one of the NT family." Dr. Feuerverger's assessment was based on several assumptions:
Support for these assumptions comes, according to the documentary, from the following claims:
Further information regarding the methodology of this study is due to be published soon.
On February 25, 2007, Andrey Feuerverger, professor of statistics and mathematics at the University of Toronto conducted a statistical calculation on the name cluster as part of "The Lost Tomb of Jesus". He concluded that the odds are at least 600 to 1 that the combination of names appeared in the tomb by chance. The methodology of this study has been submitted to a journal, but in the meantime a summary can be found on the Discovery Channel and documentary websites. A more detailed explanation of the statistical approach can be found also on Feuerverger's website as well as in a recent interview given to Scientific American. The frequency distribution for names prevalent during the
period of time during which ossuary burials took place was inferred by studying two key sources:
According to Prof. Feuerverger, the goal of the statistical analysis is to assess the probability level of a null hypothesis:
"A 'null hypothesis' can be thought of here as asserting that this cluster of names arose purely by chance under random sampling from the onomasticon. The alternative hypothesis is the opposite of this, in some sense. It is not in the purview of statistics to conclude whether or not this tombsite is that of the New Testament family."
Feuerverger multiplied the instances that each name appeared during the tomb's time period with the instances of every other name. He initially found "Jesus Son of Joseph" appeared once out of 190 times, Mariamne appeared once out of 160 times and so on:
He next divided 2,432,000 by 4 to account for bias in the historical record and further divided that result (608,000) by 1,000 to attempt to account for the number of explored tombs from first century Jerusalem.
Feuerverger's conclusions have been called into question:
Randy Ingermanson and Jay Cost did their own statistical analysis in which they looked at the probabilities given various assumptions.
Stephan Pfann (president of Jerusalem's University of the Holy Land) points out that the commonality of these names suggests that the probability is much lower. "Remarkably, a mere 16 of the 72 personal names on ossuaries account for 75% of the inscribed names." Among these "top 16" names are Mary, Joseph, Jesus, Matthew, and Judas.
Richard Bauckham (Professor of New Testament Studies and Bishop Wardlaw Professor at St Andrews) compiled the following data to show just how common the names on these ossuaries are:
Colin Aitken, a professor of forensic statistics at Edinburgh University, stated that the study is based on a number of assumptions, and that, "even if we accept the assumptions, 600 to one is certainly not the odds in favour of this tomb being Jesus," meaning that even if it were true that to find this cluster of names is very unlikely it does not follow that therefore this is probably the tomb of the family of Jesus. Peter Lampe, professor of New Testament Studies at the University of Heidelberg and working in archaeology, pointed out that in the 120s/130s C.E. in the port town of Maoza at the southern end of the Dead Sea one Jewish household comprised the following names: Jesus, Simon, Mariame, Jacobus and Judah (Papyri Babatha 17 from 128 C.E.; 25-26 and 34 from 131 C.E.). These people had nothing to do with the New Testament or the Talpiyot tomb. "According to the rationale of the filmmakers, these people should not have existed."

</doc>
<doc id="9722659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722659" title="Taça Nacional da Guiné Bissau">
Taça Nacional da Guiné Bissau

The Taça Nacional da Guiné Bissau is the top knockout tournament of the Guinea-Bissauan football. It was created in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="9722670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722670" title="Firth Court">
Firth Court

Firth Court is the main administrative centre for the University of Sheffield in Sheffield, England, and also houses the Department for Molecular Biology and Biotechnology and Biomedical Science. It is linked, via the Addison Building to the Alfred Denny Building.
Firth Court stands at the heart of the University of Sheffield precinct on Western Bank. The building was opened by King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra in 1905, the same year that the University of Sheffield was granted its royal charter and officially came into being. 
Firth Hall is named after Sheffield steel manufacturer Mark Firth who played a key role in the University of Sheffield's early development. The building originally housed the University's Arts, Science and Medicine departments.
The main entrance is on floor C, from this point up there are four complete floors (up to F floor which houses the first of the MBB lecture theatres (F2) and research labs) and then G floor which is divided into several sections (housing the second lecture theatre (G2) and seminar rooms). This gives the five floors sometimes quoted, however the department's NMR facility extends downwards from floor C and is housed on B (which is ground level at the back of the building), A and a further floor below this which has no official designation. In places the building extends above G floor, these towers do not have official floor letters but extend to what would be I floor. Counted from the bottom of the NMR pit to the highest research laboratory (that of Prof. Milton Wainwright) Firth court is 10 floors.

</doc>
<doc id="9722679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722679" title="Great Lawn and Turtle Pond">
Great Lawn and Turtle Pond

The Great Lawn and Turtle Pond are two connected features of Central Park which are located in Manhattan, New York City.
History.
The lawn and pond occupy the almost flat site of the rectangular, thirty-five-acre Lower Reservoir constructed in 1842, which was an unalterable fixture of the location of Central Park as it was first designed by Frederick Law Olmsted and Calvert Vaux. Within its schist walling, the reservoir filled the space between the 79th Street and 86th Street Transverse Roads. The Belvedere Castle, built in 1869, overlooked it from its southwest corner.
As the Croton-Catskill Reservoir system was completed, to satisfy New York City's need for water, the Lower Reservoir came to be redundant. In spite of years of prodding, the commissioners of the Catskill Aqueduct were loath to make over their real estate to the city; a number of projects in the City Beautiful manner were suggested for the site, epitomized by the Catskill Aqueduct Celebration Committee's commission of a design from the prominent Beaux-Arts "society" architect Thomas Hastings, who would have provided a grand formal space like a partly flooded version of the Paris Trocadéro, featuring a bronze casting of Frederick MacMonnies' "Columbia in the Ship of State", the familiar fountain centerpiece of the lagoon at the World's Columbian Exposition of Chicago, 1893. Henry Fairfield Osborn lobbied instead for a formal carriage drive that would link his American Museum of Natural History with the Metropolitan Museum of Art. After the war Hastings recast his plan as a memorial to the soldiers of World War I.
These plans were decried as intrusions by park preservationists protecting the Olmstedian rustic plan on the one hand, and as elitist by populist champions of organized recreation facilities, who envisaged playing fields and bath houses for the city's urban poor. During the 1920s all projects were stymied as the issue became politicized during the land boom that filled Fifth Avenue and Central Park West with luxury apartment towers for the rich. The reservoir began to be drained 23 January 1930. In June 1930 the city adopted a plan presented by the American Society of Landscape Architects for a great oval of turf, its edges softened by trees planted in clumps within and outside the encircling pedestrian walkway. Two fenced playgrounds at the northern end were to be screened by shrubs and trees. The drainage was collected in a small pond at the south end, the predecessor of the present Turtle Pond, which revealed its essentially rectangular shape, in spite of mild waggles in its concrete curbing. Along its southern shore, the steep gradient that had impounded the reservoir was regraded and planted with trees and shrubs to mask its regularity.
In the meantime, however, the city teetered on the edge of insolvency as the Great Depression put an end to grand plans. A "Hooverville" of improvised shacks developed in the dry bed of the reservoir, as the city began dumping fill. Robert Moses, who would see the ASLA Great Lawn to completion, took office with mayor Fiorello La Guardia in January 1934, and two years later the Great Lawn was essentially completed and planted with pin oaks and European lindens, in the reduced range of trees in the current repertory.
Degradation and restoration.
With heavy use over the years, the Great Lawn, which received eight baseball diamonds constructed in the 1950s, had been irretrievably compacted and threatened to turn to a dustbowl; its degradation was aggravated by its use for outdoor concerts once the Sheep Meadow had been restored in 1979. Eroded topsoil that washed into Turtle Pond resulted in eutrophication that turned it to algal soup each summer. In October 1995 the Central Park Conservancy took up the joint project of rehabilitating fifty-five acres of the lawn and its surroundings, with improved tilefield drainage and sprinkler systems, and completely draining, re-excavating and reconfiguring Turtle Pond, which had received its official name change in 1987. The reconfigured Turtle Pond, completed in 1997, was designed so that at no position can a viewer take in all its perimeter. Shoreline plants such as lizard's tail, bulrushes, turtlehead ("Chelone glabra"), and blueflag iris were planted in submerged concrete shelving designed to offer each group of wetland plants their ideal water coverage. A small island provides sunning spots and secure egg-laying sites for the turtles. Sightings of numerous species of dragon fly not previously noted in Central Park have been made.
The King Jagiello Monument stands at Turtle Pond's east end, the Delacorte Theater on its west end.
On October 7, 1995, Pope John Paul II held open-air mass for 125,000 on the Great Lawn. Earlier that year, it was also the site for the New York opening of the Disney movie "Pocahontas".
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9722680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722680" title="Eddi Reader (album)">
Eddi Reader (album)

Eddi Reader is the second studio album by Eddi Reader released in the United Kingdom on 20 June 1994.
The album was recorded in America with producer Greg Penny (k.d. lang’s producer on "Ingenue"), and was the first to feature songs written and co-written with future regular cohort Boo Hewerdine. It also featured four songs written by ex Fairground Attraction member Mark Nevin.
With major label backing and extensive radio & MTV-play for the single "Patience of Angels" it is Reader's most successful chart album to date, going Top 40 in the UK in its first week of release.
On the strength of this success, Reader received Best British Female at the BRIT Awards the following year.
Two additional singles were released: "Joke (I’m Laughing)" and "Dear John". The latter was co-written by Kirsty MacColl and originally intended for her 1993 album "Titanic Days". However MacColl was going through a divorce at the time and felt the song was too painful to release and offered the track to Reader. It would later resurface as a demo recording on the 2005 re-released "Titanic Days". Eddi has worked with Kirsty's half brothers Neill and Calum MacColl.

</doc>
<doc id="9722713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722713" title="Ally Blake">
Ally Blake

Ally Blake is an Australian writer of romance novels.
Biography.
Blake was born in a small town in Outback Queensland, Australia. She graduated from St Peters Lutheran College in Brisbane, duxing Theatre. She earned her bachelor's degree from the University of Queensland, with a double English major.
Blake was a cheerleader for both the Brisbane Broncos football team and the Gold Coast Rollers basketball teams. She was a contracted dancer on "The Footy Show" for Channel Nine in Brisbane. For two years, she was the secretary of the Queensland branch of the Australian Cinematographers Society.
Blake married in Las Vegas in 2000, and since then has lived in both Melbourne and Brisbane. She and her husband have three children.
Career.
In 2003, Ally's first romance novel, "The Wedding Wish", was published by Harlequin Mills & Boon. This book was nominated by industry magazine Romantic Times as Best First Series Romance of 2004. Since that time she has sold 16 novels, both for the Harlequin Romance and Modern Heat imprints. In 2007 she was nominated for the reader judged HOLT (Honoring Outstanding Literary Talent) Medallion for Best Traditional Romance published in 2006.
Ally has now sold over one million books worldwide in over twenty-five countries. She has taken courses at public libraries and romance writing conventions and has appeared in the print media and on "A Current Affair". She also designs romance author websites including those for award winners Liz Fielding, Lucy Gordon and Trish Wylie as well as her own

</doc>
<doc id="9722718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722718" title="Mihály Lantos">
Mihály Lantos

Mihály Lantos (29 September 1928 – 31 December 1989), also known as Lantos Mihály or Mihály Lendenmayer, was a Hungarian footballer and manager. He played as a defender, spending the majority of his career at MTK Hungária FC. During the 1950s he was also a member of the Hungary team known as the "Mighty Magyars". Other members of the team included Nándor Hidegkuti, Ferenc Puskás, Zoltán Czibor, Sándor Kocsis and József Bozsik. After retiring as a player Lantos worked as coach. Between 1965 and 1967 he was assistant coach to his former MTK manager, Márton Bukovi, at Olympiacos CFP. He then returned to Hungary where he managed several teams including Videoton FC.
MTK Hungária FC.
Lantos began playing for MTK in 1948. In 1949 when Hungary became a communist state, MTK were taken over by the secret police, the ÁVH and the club subsequently changed their name several times. Initially they became "Textiles SE", then "Bástya SE", then "Vörös Lobogó SE" and then finally back to MTK. Despite this turmoil, the 1950s proved a successful era for club and under coach Márton Bukovi and with a team that also included Nándor Hidegkuti, Péter Palotás and József Zakariás, MTK and Lantos won three Hungarian League titles, a Hungarian Cup and a Mitropa Cup. In 1955, as "Vörös Lobogó SE", they also played in the first ever European Cup. Lantos, scoring three goals, including two penalties, helped the club reach the quarter-finals.
Hungarian International.
Between 1949 and 1956, Lantos won 52 caps and scored 5 goals for Hungary. He made his international debut on 10 July 1949 in an 8-2 win against Poland. As one of the "Mighty Magyars", he helped Hungary become Olympic Champions in 1952, Central European Champions in 1953 and defeat England twice. He scored the opening goal as Hungary beat England 7-1 on 23 May 1954. He then helped Hungary reach the 1954 World Cup final. During the World Cup finals he played all five games for Hungary, scoring in the opening 9-0 win against South Korea and in the bruising "Battle of Berne" quarter-final encounter against Brazil.
Honours.
Hungary
MTK/Textiles/Bástya/Vörös Lobogó

</doc>
<doc id="9722724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722724" title="Courtney Ford">
Courtney Ford

Courtney Braden Ford (born June 27, 1978) is an American actress.
Career.
Ford described her career as stagnant for the 10 years preceding 2008, in which she considered ceasing work as an actress. However, during what she considered to be her last audition, Ford was cast to play reporter Christine Hill on Showtime's television series "Dexter".
She has been cast on the hit HBO series "True Blood" as Portia Bellefleur, Andy Bellefleur's sister. She was a recurring cast member in the fourth season.
In the game series "Gears of War", Ford voices Maria Santiago, the lost wife of the character "Dom".
She also appeared in the ninth episode of season four of "How I Met Your Mother" titled "the naked man" and the "The Big Bang Theory" season five episode "The Good Guy Fluctuation".
Personal life.
Ford is married to "Superman Returns" star Brandon Routh. The couple were engaged on August 23, 2006, and married November 24, 2007 at El Capitan Ranch in Santa Barbara. Their first child, a son named Leo James, was born on August 10, 2012.
Ford is the stepsister of Roberto Orci and J. R. Orci.

</doc>
<doc id="9722727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722727" title="Liberian Cup">
Liberian Cup

The Liberian Football Association Cup, commonly known as the LFA Cup, is an annual knockout cup competition in Liberian football. The LFA Cup is run by and named after the Liberia Football Association and usually refers to the Liberian men's tournament, although a LFA Women's Cup is also held.
The LFA Cup was first held in 1974 with Mighty Barrolle being crowned the first champions. Entry is open to all teams who compete in the LFA-Cellcom First Division and the LFA-Cellcom Second Division.
Barrack Young Controllers are the current holders, after thrashing Fatu FC 6–0 to win the Cup for the first time.
Format.
The competition is a knockout tournament with pairings for each round drawn at random. There are no seeds and the draw for each round is not made until after the scheduled dates for the previous round. The draw also determines which teams will play at home. Each tie is played as a single leg. If a match is drawn, there is a 30-minute overtime, and penalty shoot-outs if needed.
Draw.
The draw for each of the rounds is unseeded and is held at the LFA Headquarters.
Eligible teams.
All clubs in the Liberian Premier League and Second Division League are automatically eligible.
African qualification.
The LFA Cup winners qualify for the following season's CAF Confederation Cup. This African place applies even if the team is relegated or is not in the Liberian top flight. However, if the LFA Cup winning team has also qualified for the following season's Champions League, then the losing LFA Cup finalist is given the Confederation Cup place instead. LFA Cup winners enter the Confederation Cup at the Qualifiers Stage.
The LFA Cup winners also qualify for the single-match LFA Super Cup against the Liberian Premier League Champions.
Venues.
Matches in the LFA Cup are usually played at the home ground of one of the two teams. The team who plays at home is decided when the matches are drawn. There is no seeding system in place within rounds other than when teams enter the competition, therefore the home team is simply the first team drawn out for each fixture. Occasionally games may have to be moved to other grounds due to other events taking place, security reasons or a ground not being suitable to host popular teams.
The LFA Cup Final is usually held at the Antoinette Tubman Stadium
Sponsorship.
The LFA Cup doesn't have sponsors at this moment.
LFA Cup winners.
Five clubs have won consecutive LFA Cups on more than one occasion: Cedar United (1976, 1977), Mighty Barrolle (1983, 1984, 1985, 1986), LPRC Oilers (1988, 1989 and 1999, 2000), Invincible Eleven (1997, 1998)and LISCR FC (2003, 2004).
Seven clubs have won the LFA Cup as part of a League and Cup double, namely Mighty Barrolle (1974, 1986, 1995), Invincible Eleven (1987, 1997, 1998), NPA Anchors (1994), Junior Professionals (1996), LPRCOilers (1999, 2005), Monrovia Black Stars (2008) and Barrack Young Controllers (2013). Mighty Barrolle and Invincible Eleven share the record of three doubles. Mighty Barrolle have won a double in each of three separate decades (1970s, 1980s, 1990s). Invincible Eleven's three doubles between 1987-1998 highlights their dominance of Liberian football at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="9722732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722732" title="Costa Rican Cycling Federation">
Costa Rican Cycling Federation

The Costa Rican Cycling Federation or FECOCI (in Spanish: "Federación Costarricense de Ciclismo") is the national governing body of cycle racing in Costa Rica. Hernán Solano was elected President of the federation in 2011 and again in 2013. 
The FECOCI is a member of the UCI and COPACI.

</doc>
<doc id="9722767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722767" title="Arturo Goetz">
Arturo Goetz

Arturo L. Goetz (born June 24, 1944 in Buenos Aires), is an Argentine film actor.
He works in the cinema of Argentina.
He studied for a D.Phil. in Economics at Jesus College, Oxford from 1971 to 1974, and published his findings on Argentine industrialization in 1976. Whilst at Jesus College, he played football for the college team and polo for the university team. After leaving Oxford, he worked as an economist at the United Nations in Geneva, and then at the Food and Agriculture Organisation in Rome, where he worked on food security and South-South cooperation. He returning to Argentina in 1982 and established a treaty for South-South cooperation on food security for Latin America (Comite de Acción sobre Seguridad Alimentaria Regional, CASAR) as well as the Fundación CREAR, promoting development projects in Argentina. He took formal acting lessons after turning 50, having previously acted as an amateur.

</doc>
<doc id="9722777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722777" title="Bail Act 1898">
Bail Act 1898

The Bail Act 1898 (61 & 62 Vict c 7) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
It amended the Indictable Offences Act 1848, which gave justices the power to give bail on sureties, to allow the justices to dispense with the need for surieties if they felt that doing so would not "tend to defeat the ends of justice"; this prevented the unhelpful situation where someone who was at no risk of absconding was kept imprisoned for long periods of time because they could not find the wherewithal to post bail.

</doc>
<doc id="9722778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722778" title="BPS-TV">
BPS-TV

BPS-TV is the Educational-access television network of the Brevard Public Schools in Brevard County, Florida. It is managed as part of the Office of District Communications with programming produced and originating from the facilities of the newly established Media Center at the Brevard Public School headquarters.
BPS-TV can be viewed on:
As part of its operations BPS-TV not only provides educational programming to its students but also to the community at-large by broadcasting original community oriented programs including BPS News as well as the Superintendent's Forum and live coverage of all school board meetings.
The station had a budget for fiscal year 2006-07 budget of $242,246.
History.
Until the Summer of 2010 it had originated and was broadcast from the studios of WBCC in Cocoa, broadcasting on subchannel 68.3 -- since then, BPS-TV became available only on cable TV. It was a PBS station until that time.

</doc>
<doc id="9722782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722782" title="Somalia Cup">
Somalia Cup

The Somalia Cup is the top knockout football tournament in Somalia. Horseed are the competition's most successful club, having won it three times.

</doc>
<doc id="9722788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722788" title="Blue Mountain High School">
Blue Mountain High School

Blue Mountain High School is a small, rural public high school located at 1076 W Market Street, Schuylkill Haven, Pennsylvania in Schuylkill County. It was built in 1957 and renovated from 1999 to 2001. It is part of the Blue Mountain School District. In 2013, enrollment at the school had declined to 913 pupils, with 22.5% coming from low income homes. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2010, the High School reported an enrollment of 978 pupils in grades 9th through 12th, with 164 pupils eligible for a federal free or reduced price lunch due to the family meeting the federal poverty level. The school employed 70 teachers yielding a student teacher ratio of 13:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 100% of its teachers were rated "Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind Act.
An original Wanamaker Eagle was donated to the school when the department store it had decorated for many years went out of business. The bronze Eagle stands in front of the school. The current principal of the school is Mr. Berger, and the assistant principal is Mr. Rossi.
Blue Mountain Elementary, Middle and High School have been assigned a dress code this year. According to the Blue Mountain School District's webpage, bmsd.org, the dress code policies include: pants must be a solid color of casual, dress, or corduroy style; pants must be fitted, but not too tight or too loose; capri pants are permitted; shorts and skorts are permitted, between April 15 and October 15, and must be worn within two inches of the knee; shirts must fit the students appropriately and be a solid color; shirts must have a collar; sweaters, turtle necks and crew neck sweatshirts are permitted, but must be worn with a dress policy appropriate shirt.
Graduation rate.
In 2013, Blue Mountain School District’s graduation rate was 90%. In 2012, Blue Mountain School District’s graduation rate was 94%. In 2011, the District's graduation rate was 90%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Blue Mountain High School's graduation rate was 90% for 2010.
Academics.
Blue Mountain High School achieved 82.1 out of 100. Reflects on grade level reading, mathematics and science achievement. In reading/literature -84% were on grade level. In Algebra 1, 72% showed on grade level skills. In Biology, 37.8% showed on grade level science understanding. According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 2,181 public schools (less than 73 percent of Pennsylvania public schools), achieved an academic score of 70 or higher. Pennsylvania 11th grade students no longer take the PSSAs. Instead, they now take the Keystone Exams at the end of the associated course.
AYP history.
In 2012, Blue Mountain High School achieved AYP status. In 2011, Blue Mountain High School declined to Warning AYP status, due to lagging student achievement.
2005 – 75%, State – 65%
Science in Motion Blue Mountain High School took advantage of a state program called Science in Motion which brought college professors and sophisticated science equipment to the school to raise science awareness and to provide inquiry-based experiences for the students. The Science in Motion program was funded by a state appropriation and cost the school nothing to participate. Wilkes University provides the experiences to schools in the region.
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 22% of Blue Mountain High School graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, will earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduate in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
Dual enrollment.
Blue Mountain High School offers a Dual Enrollment program. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities and programs at their high school, including the graduation ceremony. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions.
For the 2009–10 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $25,373 for the program. In 2010, Governor Edward Rendell eliminated the grants to students, from the Commonwealth, due to a state budget crisis.
Graduation requirements.
Among Pennsylvania's 500 public school districts, graduation requirements widely vary. The Blue Mountain School Board has determined that a pupil must earn 22 credits for the Class of 2015 (and beyond) to graduate including: math 3 credits, English 4 credits, social studies 4 credits, science 3 credits, Physical Education 2 credits, Arts and Humanities 1.5 credits and electives 3.5 credits.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. At Blue Mountain High School, the project requires a typed research paper that crosses at least three different standards areas, and be a minimum of ten pages. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania State Board of Education eliminated the state mandate that students complete a culminating project in order to graduate.
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, beginning with the class of 2017, public school students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, and English Literature by passing the Keystone Exams. The exam is given at the end of the course. Keystone Exams replace the PSSAs for 11th grade. Students have several opportunities to pass the exam, with those who do not able to perform a project in order to graduate. For the class of 2019, a Composition exam will be added. For the class of 2020, passing a civics and government exam will be added to the graduation requirements. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP.
SAT Scores.
In 2013, Blue Mountain School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 510. The Math average score was 513. The Writing average score was 496. The College Board reported that statewide scores were: 494 in reading, 504 in math and 482 in writing. The nation-wide SAT results were the same as in 2012.
In 2012, 156 Blue Mountain School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 507. The Math average score was 516. The Writing average score was 497. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
In 2011, 165 Blue Mountain School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 500. The Math average score was 506. The Writing average score was 474. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among states with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States, 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
In 2006, Blue Mountain students had an average SAT score of 1070; average 527 in the verbal section and 543 in the math.
AP Courses.
In 2013, Blue Mountain High School offered 9 Advanced Placement (AP) courses at a higher cost than regular courses. Students have the option of taking College Board approved courses and then taking the College Board's examination in the Spring. Students, who achieve a 3 or better on the exam, may be awarded college credits at US universities and colleges. Each higher education institution sets its own standards about what level of credits are awarded to a student based on their AP exam score. Most higher education give credits for scores of 4 or 5. Some schools also give credits for scores of 3. High schools give credits towards graduation to students who take the school's AP class. At Blue Mountain High School 17% of students who took an AP course at the school earned a 3 or better on the exam.
Tuition.
Students who live in the Blue Mountain School District's attendance area may choose to attend one of Pennsylvania's 157 public charter schools. A student living in a neighboring public school district or a foreign exchange student may seek admission to Blue Mountain School District. For these cases, the Pennsylvania Department of Education sets an annual tuition rate for each school district. It is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that attends the charter and it is the amount a nonresident student's parents must pay to attend the Blue Mountain School District's schools. The 2012 tuition rates are Elementary School - $8,263.33, High School - $8,508.62.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Blue Mountain High School did not apply for funding in 2006-07 nor 2007-08. For the 2008-09, school year the High School received $148,630 in state funding. Among the public school districts in Schuylkill County, the highest award was given to North Schuylkill School District which received $245,673. The highest funding statewide was awarded to Philadelphia City School District in Philadelphia County - $9,409,073. The grant program was discontinued by Governor Edward Rendell as part of the 2009-10 state budget. Of the 501 public school districts in Pennsylvania, 447 of them received Classrooms for the Future grant awards, while 50 never applied for funding.
Extracurriculars.
Blue Mountain School District offers a variety of clubs, activities and an extensive, costly sports program. In 2012, the Obama Administration's US Department of Education issued a directive that schools include students with disabilities in extracurricular activities including sports.
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Athletics Department.
Blue Mountain, led by Co-Athletic Directors Harry Myers and Ruth Weidman, offers a variety of District XI sports. Doug Morgan and Jim Ebling are assistant athletic directors for the fall season, Burt Werdt and Jim Ebling are assistant athletic directors for the winter season, and Bob Hepler and Tom Bonner are assistant athletic directors for the spring season. Blue Mountain consists of football, boys and girls cross country, golf, girls tennis, and girls volleyball in the fall, boys and girls basketball, wrestling, and swimming and diving in the winter, and baseball, softball, track and field, girls soccer and boys tennis in the spring. In most sports, it is a AAA school, although swimming and soccer are AA.
Cross country.
The Cross Country team started in 1968 as a club under the direction of Mr. Ralph Jeager, who would coach until 1987. Mr. Jordan Sullivan and Mr. Ed Taylor coached for several years each. In 1999, Mr. Cory Cantwell became head coach, assisted by Tyler Maley. From 1971 to 1984, the team met phenomenal success, winning League titles each year and District titles in twelve of the fourteen years. From 2001 to 2007 the cross country team has met phenomenal success because of coach Jared Buckman who took over the team. The girls cross country team won leagues three years in a row from 2005 to 2007 while placing third in the 2004 season. The boys team also succeeded by finishing in the top teams in the league meets for the past couple years. Blue Mountain's cross country team has also been doing well in districts and succeeding by sending multiple runners to the state meet.
Boys' Soccer.
The Blue Mountain boys' soccer team was one of the first schools in the county to embrace soccer as a varsity sport thanks to the efforts of ex-Blue Mountain chemistry teacher and current head coach Rob Burcik. The team has won multiple league championships since its founding, most recently by 2011's varsity squad captained by Walker Glunz. Coach Burcik is assisted by coaches Joshua Ott and Bill Dukman.
Football.
The Blue Mountain Football team was started in 1957 when the school was completed. The team's main rivals are Schuylkill Haven High School and Pottsville Area High School. They have a new head coach Cory Mabry and assistants Harry Myers, John Sanders, John Carestia, Matt Harrison, Michael Stankiewitch, Tony Sanders, Tom Bonner, Bill Swan, and Dave Shiffer.
Golf.
The Blue Mountain golf team won the Schuylkill League ten straight years, from 1999 through 2008. The coach is Larry Bordan, who is the golf professional at Schuylkill County Country Club. It is one of the school's best teams. They were led in 2010 by senior captain and number one golfer Casey Schu. Larry Bordan went to Sch. haven in the 1970s and before he was the coach, back in the 1970s was Mr. Patton.
Girl's Softball.
The Blue Mountain Varsity softball team won the Schuylkill League Championship in 2006, and advanced to the semi-finals in districts last year. They finished with a winning record.
Boy's and Girl's Swim Team.
The Blue Mountain Girl's Varsity Swim Team won the District XI AA Title in 2007 for the second year in a row. The Girl's team also won the Schuylkill League Championships in 2007.
Boy's Basketball.
The Blue Mountain Boys Basketball team won the District XI Championship in 1996 and the Schuylkill League Championship in 2007 and played in the State Playoffs 3 straight years. The team captains for the 2009–2010 season are Mathew Maloney and Mark Garrity. The teams head coach is Mr. Dustin Werdt who has coached at Blue Mountain for only a few years.
Girl's Basketball.
Blue Mountain's girls basketball became a very successful team after Ruth Weidman took over during the 2005–2006 basketball season. The team had a very winning record and made it to the league playoffs 2 out of the 3 years. They also went to districts many times and were very successful there.
Wrestling.
The Blue Mountain wrestling team is one of the school's sports teams. Placing top four in the 07-08 district 11 duals and qualifying for the past two years is a Blue Mt. first ever. They qualified 7 wrestlers to the Norhteast regional finals last season in 07-08 which is a new school record and had two state finalists last season one taking first and one taking second. The 08–09 season was even better as the team placed 6th at the Iron Man(toughest tournament in nation), and qualified for the state duals for the first time ever but fell in the state semis. They then had 8 qualify for northeast regionals(district champs: Ross,Raunzahn,Kindig). The team then qualified six wrestlers for states(regional champs: Keener Raunzahn,Choate,Kindig). The eagles had 5 state place winners then and were the state runner up giving blue mountain its first ever state trophy. State place winners include Cory Keener 5th,Brandon Choate 7th, Tyler Raunzahn 2nd, Cort Choate 5th, and the eagles 3rd ever state champ, Josh Kindig. The eagles have nine 100 win club members as Corte Choat set the school win record at 152 this year. They are coached by Head Coach Todd Kindig and assistant coach Harry Myers, and Gary Keener.
Baseball.
Blue Mountain's Baseball team is defending back-to-back District XI AAA Champions and was the 2007 District Runner-Up. The team is coached by Thomas Kramer and Bill Dobrolsky.
Varsity Club.
The BMHS Varsity Club is a club for athletes with at least one varsity letter. It is dedicated to fulfilling service projects to the school and community.
Clubs.
Art Club.
Led by Mr. Whalen and Mr.Pasierb, this club is for people to make and enjoy art. The art club has several yearly contests such as the ornament contest and the Jambandoree poster contest. The art club is also responsible for hosting the yearly Jambandoree and Art Show. Profits from the Jambandoree benefit the art club.
Anime Club.
A club for teaching people the superior art of Japanese animation. It also teaches the Japanese language if anyone is interested.
Improv Club.
A new addition to Blue Mountain High School, the Improv Club meets bi-weekly. Moderated by 1998 graduate Paul Weller, III, the Improv Club's goal is to show students that acting can be both fun and educational.
Yearbook.
Every 9th period the yearbook staff gathers to work on forming the Blue Mountain Eagle Echo. This club is ran by Mrs.Clemas and Mrs. Batory. The yearbook staff takes pictures, forms layouts, hosts club and activity picture day, and distributes the yearbooks to the school.
Newspaper.
The BMHS newspaper is called the "Aerie" and carries information on school and world events.
Band.
The band program at BMHS is led by Mr. Chris Evans. Band offers budding and experienced musicians a variety of ensemble choices.
Marching band.
The Marching Band performs at football games and competes in various events throughout the season. The Marching Band has an auxiliary unit called the Guard, which is a flag corps. The marching band has competed in several major events. These include Tournament of Bands Championships at Lackawanna County Stadium, Cadets Marching Band Cooperative (now USSBA?) at Giants/Jets Stadium, Calvacade of Bands, Walt Disney World Parade, Azalea Festival Parade in Richmond, Virginia, etc.
Symphonic Band.
The Symphonic Band performs at spring concerts, adjudications, and school and community events throughout the spring semester. This ensemble studies and plays pieces spanning five centuries of musical genres.
Jazz Band.
The Jazz Ensemble performs concerts each year. This ensemble features extra instrumentation in the rhythm section and allows selected band members to experience the jazz genre of music.
Indoor Drumline.
In December of each year, the Indoor Drumline begins its intensive rehearsals for its competition season, during which it performs in weekly competitions beginning in March. The ensemble consists of snare drums, a series of pitched bass drums, quints, cymbals, and various pit instruments, including marimba, xylophone, vibraphone, timpani and other auxiliary instruments.
They won, in 2006, the Scholastic Novice championship in Wildwood, NJ.
Indoor Color Guard.
As an extension of the outdoor marching band color guard the indoor guard was formed in the fall of 2001 to better serve the needs of the program year round. The color guard performs several times throughout the winter and spring months ending with championships in either late April or early May. The group can consist of as many as 30 members or as few as 5. Normally BMHS guard averages around 9–12 members. Each year the staff selects some sort of recorded music to which the color guard will perform. Equipment consists of flags, rifles, and sabers. The guard normally incorporates dance into the shows to add a layer of difficulty and design.
2008 the guard won the Chapter Championships and a week later qualified for the All-Chapter Championships and finished 8th.

</doc>
<doc id="9722791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722791" title="Federación de Béisbol Aficionado de Puerto Rico">
Federación de Béisbol Aficionado de Puerto Rico

The Federación de Béisbol Aficionado de Puerto Rico (a.k.a. Béisbol Doble A) is an AA professional spring baseball league based in Carolina, Puerto Rico. The league was founded in 1940. The season starts in Mid-February, and ends with the Carnaval de Campeones (Champions' Carnival) final in September. They play on a weekend schedule (Friday, Saturday and Sunday). Their All-Star game is held soon after the regular season and before the playoffs. The Maunabo Jueyeros are the defending champions, having won it for the first time in the franchise history last season by defeating the Peñuelas Petroleros in 5 games.
League Structure.
As of the 2012 baseball season, it currently has 48 teams, grouped into 2 leagues (Atlantic League and Caribbean League), with 4 divisions of 6 teams on each league. This season saw the relocation of 4 teams and a divisional realignment due to the geographical relocation, Villalba went to Ceiba and became the Marlins, Carolina went to Luquillo and became the Turistas, the original Cataño franchise moved to Corozal and became the Plataneros., and Toa Baja moved to Cataño and became the new Lancheros.
Regular Season Format.
The regular season consists of 20 games, in which every team faces their divisional opponent 4 times during the season (2 games at home, 2 games on the road), and at season's end, the top 4 teams in the division qualifies for the postseason.
Playoffs.
Divisional Semifinals and Finals.
The top 4 teams in every division qualifies for the postseason, first in the divisional semifinals, where there are paired according to the regular season finish, and the top seed faces the 4th seed, and the 2nd seed faces the 3rd seed. The winners of the divisional semifinals faces each other for the Divisional Championship, and the winner of that series wins their respective division and advanced to the Carnaval de Campeones or Champions' Carnival as they are known in Puerto Rico. Both the Divisional Semifinals and Finals are a Best of Seven series.
Carnaval de Campeones.
The Carnaval de Campeones (Champions' Carnival) is the second phase of the playoff system in the Beisbol Doble AA where all 8 divisional champions face each other in order to crown the national champion, in which is divided between the 4 divisional champions for both the Atlantic League and the Caribbean League. The pairings of all the Champions' Carnival series are determined by the aggregate of the teams overall regular season and divisional playoffs winning percentage. The Pairings goes also the top seed against the 4th seed between the leagues' divisional champions, and later the winners of that first round advance to their respective league championship finals, and the winners of that league finals face each other in the National Finals. All three rounds are a Best of Seven Format as well.

</doc>
<doc id="9722802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722802" title="Taggart (surname)">
Taggart (surname)

Taggart is a surname of Scottish origin. It is a reduction of the surnames MacTaggart and McTaggart, which are Anglicisations of the Gaelic "Mac an t-Sagairt", meaning "son of the priest".

</doc>
<doc id="9722814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722814" title="Pittsfield Mets">
Pittsfield Mets

The Pittsfield Mets were a minor league baseball team moved to Pittsfield, Massachusetts from Little Falls, New York by an investment group organized by Michael T. Casey. The team played in the New York–Penn League, and were affiliated with the New York Mets from 1989 to 2000 and the Houston Astros in 2001. Their home stadium was Wahconah Park.
Mike Tannenbaum, the General Manager for the New York Jets was an intern for the Mets during the 1991 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9722835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722835" title="Tunisian Coupe de la Ligue Professionnelle">
Tunisian Coupe de la Ligue Professionnelle

The Coupe de la Ligue Professionelle was the top knockout tournament for the Tunisian league football clubs. It was created in 1999 with the intention of being played among the two top Tunisian football divisions with some invited teams, like the "Selection 2001" in the 2000/2001 season for instance, than divided in two separate competitions for each division or level during the 2006/2007 season. This led to the birth of the Coupe de la Ligue Professionelle 1 & Coupe de la Ligue Professionelle 2, soon to be dropped and finally canceled at the end of the same season (2006/2007).
Coupe de la Ligue Professionelle 2 Final.
These competitions have been canceled after the 06/07 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9722857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722857" title="2007 in NASCAR">
2007 in NASCAR

There were three NASCAR national series in 2007:

</doc>
<doc id="9722873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722873" title="Members of the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention">
Members of the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention

This is a list of Members of the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention, which was elected in 1975.
All members elected to the Northern Ireland Constitutional Convention are listed. Members are grouped by party.

</doc>
<doc id="9722876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722876" title="Insurance patent">
Insurance patent

Under some patent laws, patents may be obtained for insurance-related inventions. Historically, patents could only cover the technological aspects of a new insurance invention. This is still the case in most countries. In the United States, however, recent court decisions have encouraged more inventors to file patent applications on methods of doing business. These patents may be used to get more comprehensive coverage of improvements in basic insurance processes, such as the methods of calculating premiums, reserves, underwriting, etc. This is causing controversy in the insurance industry as some see it as a positive development and others see it as a negative development.
History.
A more recent example of an insurance patent is , granted as "Individual evaluation system for motorcar risk". This patent issued by the European Patent Office in 1996 to Salvador Minguijon Perez. It discloses a means for auto insurance risk selection whereby a driver’s mileage and driving behavior are monitored and insurance premiums are charged accordingly. The United Kingdom part of this European patent has been sold to Norwich Union insurance company.
Growth.
Historically, only about one or two patents per year issued in the US on inventions specifically related to insurance policies.
This changed dramatically, however, with the 1998 State Street Bank Decision. The State Street Bank Decision was a ruling by the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit that confirmed that there was no “business method exception” under United States patent law. The number of patent applications filed per year after this decision was handed down jumped to about 150. The number of patents issuing per year jumped to about 30.
Litigation.
In September 2006, Lincoln National Corporation filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Transamerica Life Insurance Company and other entities for allegedly infringing , “Method and apparatus for providing retirement income benefits”. This patent covers methods for administering variable annuities. The jury found the patent valid and infringed. The court ordered Transamerica to pay Lincoln $13 million in damages. At a rate of 11 basis points of assets under management, this was considered a reasonable royalty. In June 2010, however, the verdict against Transamerica was overturned on appeal 
In June 2010, Progressive Auto Insurance filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Liberty Mutual over one of Progressive’s Pay As You Drive auto insurance patents.
Controversy.
Some in the insurance industry see the growth in insurance patents as a positive development. They cite that by being able to protect inventions, insurance companies will be more inclined to invest in new product development.
Some are concerned that the growth in patent claims will be negative. They are concerned that invalid patents will issue and that this will lead to patent trolls inhibiting new product introductions by demanding excessive license fees for these questionable patents.
Public review.
Inventors can now have their insurance U.S. patent applications reviewed by the public in the Peer to Patent program. The first insurance patent application to be posted was US2009005522 “Risk assessment company”. It was posted on March 6, 2009. This patent application describes a method for increasing the ease of changing insurance companies to get better rates.

</doc>
<doc id="9722887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722887" title="William Henry Bundey">
William Henry Bundey

Sir William Henry Bundey (30 January 1838 – 6 December 1909) was an Australian politician and judge, Attorney-General of South Australia from 27 September 1878 to 10 March 1881.
__NOTOC__
Early life.
Bundey was born in Exbury, Hampshire, England, the second son of James Bundey and his wife Harriett "née" Lockyer. The family emigrated to South Australia in 1848 after losing money in England. William's father died about a few weeks after his arrival, and the boy, though only 10 years of age, went to work in a solicitor's office. In 1856 he was appointed clerk of the City of Onkaparinga local court, but gave this position up about six years later to became articled to a solicitor. Bundey was practically self-educated but he was a good law student, and he was admitted to the bar in 1865. He became a most effective advocate, especially in criminal cases; he declined to defend prisoners unless he believed in their innocence. In 1878 he was appointed a Queen's Counsel.
Political career.
On 14 December 1871 Bundey was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly for Onkaparinga, and from July 1874 to March 1875 was minister for Justice and Education in the third Arthur Blyth ministry. He was responsible for the bill to establish the University of Adelaide. He did not seek re-election in 1875 because of his health, but entered parliament again in 1878 and was Attorney-General in the William Morgan ministry from September 1878 to March 1881. A trip through Europe and the east improved his health. Bundey returned to Adelaide at the end of April 1882. In 1884 he was appointed a judge of the Supreme Court of South Australia, a position he held for 19 years. He was appointed president of the board of conciliation in 1894 but resigned some 15 months later.
Late life and legacy.
Bundey retired on a pension in 1903, was knighted in 1904, and died on 6 December 1909 at his home in Mount Lofty, South Australia. In 1865 he married Ellen Wardlaw, daughter of Sir William Milne, who survived him with a daughter, Ellen Milne Bundey. Miss Bundey wrote under the name of "Lyell Dunne" and published several volumes of verse. 
As a young man Bundey was a captain in the Volunteer Military Movement and later became an expert yachtsman; he was also a cricket enthusiast. He was vice-commodore of the South Australian Yacht Squadron in 1870-74 and commodore in 1874-84. He published his "Reminiscences of 25 Years' Yachting in Australia" in 1888. As a politician he was responsible for the supreme court act, the district courts act, and insolvency and public trustee acts. As a judge he was courteous and particularly anxious to preserve the rights of the subject, and concerned that prisoners who were not defended should receive justice. He published several pamphlets including "Land Reform, Education, Trades Unions" (1889), "Some Thoughts on the Administration of the Criminal Law" (1891), "Conviction of Innocent Men" (1900).

</doc>
<doc id="9722901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722901" title="Shop drawing">
Shop drawing

A shop drawing is a drawing or set of drawings produced by the contractor, supplier, manufacturer, subcontractor, or fabricator. Shop drawings are typically required for prefabricated components. Examples of these include: elevators, structural steel, trusses, pre-cast, windows, appliances, cabinets, air handling units, and millwork. Also critical are the installation and coordination shop drawings of the MEP trades such as sheet metal ductwork, piping, plumbing, fire protection, and electrical. Shop drawings are not produced by architects and engineers under their contract with the owner. The shop drawing is the manufacturer’s or the contractor’s drawn version of information shown in the construction documents. The shop drawing normally shows more detail than the construction documents. It is drawn to explain the fabrication and/or installation of the items to the manufacturer’s production crew or contractor's installation crews. The style of the shop drawing is usually very different from that of the architect’s drawing. The shop drawing’s primary emphasis is on the particular product or installation and excludes notation concerning other products and installations, unless integration with the subject product is necessary.
Information required to be included in Shop Drawings.
Comparison information for the architect and engineer.
The shop drawings should include information for the architect and engineer to compare to the specifications and drawings. The shop drawing should address the appearance, performance, and prescriptive descriptions in the specifications and construction drawings.
The shop drawing often is more detailed than the information shown in the construction documents to give the architect and engineer the opportunity to review the fabricator’s version of the product, prior to fabrication. References to the construction documents, drawings, and specifications assist the architect and engineer in their review of the shop drawings. Attachment of manufacturer’s material specifications, “catalog cut sheets,” and other manufacturer’s information may be helpful to accompany these drawings. Because shop drawings facilitate the architect’s and engineer’s approval of the product, they should be as clear and complete as possible.
Notes of changes or alterations from the construction documents.
Notes concerning changes or differences from the original documents should be made on the shop drawing for the architect’s and engineer’s approval. Ultimately, they are responsible for changes in these drawings and should have the opportunity to analyze any modifications. A dialogue should occur between the fabricator and the architect and engineer about any areas needing clarification. Successful installations are the result of collaboration between the designer, fabricator, and contractor.
Information needed to fabricate the product.
Dimensions, manufacturing conventions, and special fabrication instructions should be included on the shop drawing. It should be clear to fabrication personnel what will be manufactured from the shop drawings alone. The construction documents are rarely used as a reference in fabrication, with the fabricators relying on the shop drawing for all information.
Indication of dimensions needing verification from the jobsite.
Most jobsite dimensions, such as the dimensions between two surfaces on the jobsite, need to be verified. A dimension may be shown on the construction drawings, but the actual dimension may vary, from very small to large increments, depending on jobsite conditions. It is extremely important that the fabricated item arrive on the jobsite ready to be installed without field modification. Special care must be taken by the contractor to measure and verify dimensions. In new construction, plan dimensions usually are sufficient for ordering many fabricated items such as structural steel or precast concrete.
In remodeling and renovation work, it is essential that field dimensions be verified prior to fabrication. Some fabricators, such as cabinet and casework suppliers, prefer not to rely on the contractor’s verification and will verify the dimensions with their own personnel.
Placement or installation information.
Some fabricators and manufacturers will provide symbols, data, or instructions concerning installation. This can include a list of other materials, such as fasteners or adhesives, appropriate but not included for the product.
Third party review may be required for major building systems. An example of this would be a commercial chiller which would be furnished by the mechanical contractor, but would require electrical connections, plumbing, rigging, insulation and commissioning. Various third-parties will need to review the installation information and confirm they are furnishing compatible equipment and proper layout of services. Review of installation information for major equipment should be reviewed with field supervisors including the project superintendent, trade foremen and field engineer. Installation of major equipment will dictate structural clearances and temporary openings.
Samples.
Some fabrications will require a sample submittal with the shop drawing, primarily for color and texture selection of finishes.
Computer-aided Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing Design Coordination.
Problems with design coordination, such as time consumption and ineffectiveness related to the current 2D paper-based process, are some of the top concerns of a general contractor, since late conflict correction increases the potential for errors in the field. In order to address this issue, there have been an increasing number of Architecture, Engineering and Construction (AEC) firms utilizing building information models (BIM) in their coordination and clash detection processes, which according to practitioners, allows for increased coordination and fewer field problems. Leite et al. compared types of clashes identified in a manual coordination process (overlay of 2D drawings on a light table by pairs of subcontractors) and through automatic clash detection using a Building Information Model (BIM). The automatic clash detection identified several clashes that were missed by the subcontractors, who were performing this task manually. Also, the manual clash detection identified clashes which could not possibly be found by the automatic clash detection software, since one of the clashing objects (e.g. cable trays) was not modeled in the BIM. This study also included site observations of field detected clashes, some of which were not identified in either manual or automatic processes. Leite noted that the combination of clashes identified in coordination meetings, those automatically detected, as well as those identified in the field enable identification of objects that need to be modeled in order to capture the largest possible number of clashes. This paper was limited to the comparison of types of clashes identified in each of the three methods during a specific project. Although their results cannot be generalized, they still provide insight towards the need to identify what needs to be modeled in a BIM for MEP coordination prior to the start of the coordination process.
Reviews.
Because writing comments on eight to ten copies is a tedious process and an inefficient use of the architect and engineer's time, they will frequently specify other 
methods for distributing comments. Quick review is essential during the approval process.
Any method that facilitates this, while providing ample opportunity for comment and complete distribution, should be considered. Although a procedure may be specified in the contract drawings, most architects and engineers are open to suggestions and innovations that speed up the process.
Number of copies.
Shop drawings are required, in various forms, depending upon the practice of the 
architect and engineer. A specific number of copies may be required by the 
specification. An example distribution of the completed and corrected shop 
drawings may include the:
Submittal of one or two copies of the shop drawing.
Corrections are made by the architect and engineer, and the shop drawing is corrected by the supplier, then the appropriate number of copies is distributed. This method can be time consuming, as the shop drawing is not approved until the corrections are made on it.
Submittal of a copy that can be reproduced.
The architect and engineer make comments on the reproducible, then copies are distributed. This method facilitates the timely approval and distribution of the shop drawing. Review comments usually are obvious on the reproducible copy. When sepia copies are used, 
the reproduction of the sepia often is not as clear as a normal blue-line print.
Compatible CAD software.
When the supplier and designer have compatible CAD software or when universal file formats such as IFC, PDF or DWG are utilized, the review can be made from a CD, email or FTP transfer. Comments can be made by the designer in a bold font or changes can be boxed for emphasis.
Popular CAD platforms used for generating shop drawings are Advance Steel, AutoCAD, CATIA, Creo Elements/Pro, Inventor, Solidworks and Tekla Structures.
Shop drawings in concrete reinforcing.
Concrete reinforcing is one of the many items requiring specialized shop drawings for the fabrication of the material. Concrete reinforcing is custom-fabricated from 60-foot-long reinforcing bars.
The reinforcing bars are cut to length and bent to specific configurations. The shop drawing and the accompanying “cut sheet” lists the quantity, sizes, lengths, and shapes of the reinforcing bar. This information is provided for review by the structural engineer to ensure that sufficient reinforcing is being supplied; fabrication of the bar by the supplier’s shop; an inventory list for the contractor, upon delivery the typical project has thousands of pieces of reinforcing steel that need to be organized for storage and installation; and placement by the ironworker. The Concrete Reinforcing Steel Institute (CRSI) has developed standard symbols, graphics, and formats for shop drawings and cut sheets that generally are used by reinforcing steel fabricators. Each fabricator, has particular style for shop drawings and cut sheets, depending on the draftspeople and Computer-aided design systems. Examples of software used are Advance Concrete, AutoCAD, MicroStation, ProConcrete and Tekla Structures.

</doc>
<doc id="9722906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722906" title="Claudiomiro Salenave Santiago">
Claudiomiro Salenave Santiago

Claudiomiro Salenave Santiago (born 25 August 1971), known simply as Claudiomiro, was a Brazilian football player.
He played for several clubs in Brazil, including (in chronological order) Coritiba, Santos, Vitória and Grêmio, and after that, his destiny is uncertain, and it is unknown if he is truly retired.
The peak of his career was at Santos, despite the fact he was sent off at his debut against São Paulo, where Santos lost at home 2-3. He gained the nickname "Bombeiro" (Portuguese for Firefighter), because he was always putting away crisis with solid displays or key goals - in fact, he only scored on Santos' single goals victories.
He could play as a defensive midfielder or a defender, whether a centre back or a sweeper, being better at this last role on his late career because he lost most of his pace. He was known for fierce and sometimes ugly tackles. Though, he had a really stead temper, rarely being booked for complaining. He was terrific at aerial game and had good passing skills for a defensive player.

</doc>
<doc id="9722917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722917" title="Cycling Union of the Republic of Argentina">
Cycling Union of the Republic of Argentina

The Cycling Union of the Argentine Republic () is the national governing body of cycle racing in Argentina.
It is a member of the UCI and COPACI.

</doc>
<doc id="9722923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722923" title="Bolivian Cycling Federation">
Bolivian Cycling Federation

The Bolivian Cycling Federation (in Spanish: "Federación Boliviana de Ciclismo") is the national governing body of cycle racing in Bolivia.
It is a member of the UCI and COPACI.

</doc>
<doc id="9722933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722933" title="Hegemony and Socialist Strategy">
Hegemony and Socialist Strategy

Written in English in 1985 by Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe, Hegemony and Socialist Strategy is a work of political theory in the post-Marxist tradition. Developing several sharp divergences from the tenets of canonical Marxist thought, the authors begin by tracing historically varied discursive constitutions of class, political identity, and social self-understanding, and then tie these to the contemporary importance of hegemony as a destabilized analytic which avoids the traps of various procedures Mouffe and Laclau feel constitute a foundational flaw in Marxist thought: essentializations of class identity, the use of "a priori" interpretative paradigms with respect to history and contextualization, the privileging of the base/superstructure binary above other explicative models.
Organization.
The book is divided into four chapters (~50 pages each). The first two chapters deal with conceptual developments in the manner of an intellectual history, albeit with much more of an eye to disputation and intervention than traditional intellectual history employs. Specifically, Chapter 1 discusses the work of Rosa Luxemburg, Karl Kautsky, Eduard Bernstein, and Georges Sorel (among other texts by major thinkers in the Marxist tradition). Chapter 2's discussion of Gramsci's conception of cultural hegemony is followed by Chapter 3's more politicized development of Laclau and Mouffe's own arguments regarding hegemony's character and constitution. Finally, the fourth chapter argues for the relevance of hegemony as an analytic for the understanding and governance of contemporary politics, political engagement, and self-understanding on the Left.
Contents.
Introduction
1. Hegemony: The Genealogy of a Concept
2. Hegemony: The Difficult Emergence of a New Political Logic
3. Beyond the Positivity of the Social: Antagonisms and Hegemony
4. Hegemony and Radical Democracy
Reception.
"Hegemony and Socialist Strategy" was greeted with positive reviews and has become a reference point in its field; for example, Marxist philosopher Slavoj Žižek cited "Hegemony and Socialist Strategy" as a work having had an impact on his book, "The Sublime Object of Ideology". Furthermore, its resolutely "post-Marxist" self-definition marks it as one of the first major texts associated with this disciplinary development. A new edition was published in 2001, which included a preface by the authors in which they reaffirmed their commitment to the arguments made in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="9722935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722935" title="Chilean Cycling Federation">
Chilean Cycling Federation

The Chilean Cycling Federation (in Spanish: "Federación Ciclista de Chile") is the national governing body of cycle racing in Chile.
It is a member of the UCI and COPACI.

</doc>
<doc id="9722936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722936" title="Sidney Korshak">
Sidney Korshak

Sidney R. Korshak (June 6, 1907 – January 20, 1996) was a labor lawyer and "fixer" for businessmen in the upper echelons of power and the Chicago Outfit in the United States. His reputation as the Chicago mob's man in Los Angeles made him one of Hollywood's most fabled and influential fixers. His partnership with Chicago mobsters led him to be named "...the most powerful lawyer in the world" by the FBI.
Early life.
He was born into a Jewish family, with four siblings, in Chicago's West Side Lawndale neighborhood, on June 6, 1907. His father was a wealthy Chicago contractor. His younger brother, Marshall Korshak, became a longtime Chicago politician, city treasurer and state senator. Sidney attended Herzl Grammar School, the University of Wisconsin–Madison and obtained his law degree from the DePaul University College of Law.
Career.
His law practice brought him into contact with many mobsters, such as Al Capone,Frank Nitti, Sam Giancana, Tony Accardo and Moe Dalitz. His services were used by the upper ranks of both legitimate and illegitimate business in the United States. 
Korshak numbered among his friends many Hollywood celebrities and leading figures in the entertainment industry, including MCA/Universal chiefs Jules C. Stein and Lew Wasserman, entertainment lawyer Paul Ziffren (the driving force behind bringing the 1984 Olympics to Los Angeles), MGM chief Kirk Kerkorian, Gulf+Western founder Charles Bluhdorn, Frank Sinatra, Ronald Reagan, William French Smith (labor attorney and future United States Attorney General), Edmund "Pat" Brown, Edmund "Jerry" Brown, future Governor of California Gray Davis, producer Robert Evans, Warren Beatty, Barron Hilton and Hugh Hefner. 
Korshak was highly successful in the field of labor consulting and negotiations, and his client list included Hilton Hotels, Hyatt Hotels, MGM, Playboy, MCA/Universal, and Diner's Club. One of his clients was Jimmy Hoffa, notorious head of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters; Korshak was heavily involved in the Teamsters' west coast operations during a time when organized labor was at the peak of its activity.
Korshak was an attorney for various elements of the Chicago Outfit. Korshak bought the J.P. Seeburg Corporation and immediately after the company stock rose from $35 to $141.50 a share. He then sold 143,000 shares to pivotal figures in the stock market like Bernard Cornfield, who owned the FOF Property Fund, in Switzerland. Korshak received $5 million from the deal.
Personal life.
Sidney Korshak married Beatrice and had three children, Harry, Stuart and Katy. The Korshaks' primary residence was a mansion in Beverly Hills for many years, with a secondary home in Palm Springs.
It was Korshak who suggested actress Jill St. John to Eon Productions for the "James Bond" film, "Diamonds Are Forever".
Sidney Korshak died on January 20, 1996, without ever having a criminal conviction against him (or even an indictment, according to his "New York Times" obituary). Marshall Korshak predeceased his brother by one day.

</doc>
<doc id="9722949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722949" title="Paso Robles Event Center">
Paso Robles Event Center

The Paso Robles Event Center is a convention center complex located on in Paso Robles, California.
It is the site of the annual California Mid-States Fair. Facilities include a 200-by-300-foot indoor equestrian arena seating 7,587, a community building and two other buildings.
In addition to the fair, concerts, trade shows, conventions and other special events take place at the Event Center.
The Paso Robles Event Center is located at 2198 Riverside Avenue in Paso Robles, California

</doc>
<doc id="9722950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722950" title="Honduran National Cycling Federation">
Honduran National Cycling Federation

The Honduran National Cycling Federation (in Spanish: "Federación Nacional de Ciclismo de Honduras") is the national governing body of cycle racing in Honduras.
It is a member of the UCI and COPACI.

</doc>
<doc id="9722953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722953" title="Societies' Borrowing Powers Act 1898">
Societies' Borrowing Powers Act 1898

The Societies' Borrowing Powers Act 1898 (61 & 62 Vict. c.15), long title An Act to empower certain Societies to borrow Money from Persons and Corporations other than Members, was an Act of Parliament of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, given the Royal Assent on 25 July 1898 and repealed in 1974.
The Act provided that a society was permitted to institute a rule allowing it to take deposits and borrow money (at interest) from its members and from any other persons; as soon as such a rule was registered it was permitted to do so.
The Act stipulated that the society had to be registered under the Friendly Societies Act 1896, and have as its object the creation of funds to be lent out for the benefit of the members of the society (or to members of the society), with rules in place to prevent the division of the funds among its members by dividends, profits or the like, and to ensure that all loans were to be applied for purposes of which the society approved.
The Act was repealed by the Friendly Societies Act 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="9722956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722956" title="Regional Committee for Cycling in Martinique">
Regional Committee for Cycling in Martinique

The Regional Committee for Cycling in Martinique (in French: "Comité Régional Cycliste de Martinique") is the regional governing body of cycle racing in Martinique.
It is a member of the UCI and COPACI.

</doc>
<doc id="9722962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722962" title="Waldorf Astoria Chicago">
Waldorf Astoria Chicago

The Waldorf Astoria Chicago, formerly the Elysian Hotel Chicago, is a luxury hotel located at 11 East Walton Street in the Gold Coast area of Chicago, Illinois.
History.
Originally developed as The Elysian, the project was approved in June, 2005; with construction occurring from 2006 until 2009. The 60 story hotel was designed by Chicago architect Lucien Lagrange and was developed by David Pisor. The project consists of two main parts: a 188 room hotel and 51 condominiums above (estimated at $280 million combined). In 2009 the condominiums were valued between $2.5 and $8.5 million.
The hotel opened in February, 2009. In keeping with the tradition of the Gold Coast neighborhood the entrance of the project is a cobblestone courtyard. Its design emulates the grand hotels of Paris in the 1920s, complete with colonnades, spires, and a motor court. 
The five star hotel was named Conde Nast Traveler's top hotel in the United States in 2011. However, it was reported to have failed to make a profit in its first two years and in September, 2011 it was announced that its owner Jones Lang LaSalle was looking to sell after Mr. Pisors equity partner chose to remove itself from the hotel business, rather than developing the Elysian into a hotel brand as had been originally invisioned.
Conversion to Waldorf Astoria.
By November, 2011 it was announced that an investment group and Hilton Hotels would be purchasing the Elysian and converting it to a Waldorf Astoria. A Waldorf Astoria had been planned as part of an international expansion in 2007, but failed to take off due to the economy in 2008. Although a sales price was not disclosed, it is believed that it was purchased for $95 million, which would put it at a per room price of $505,000.
It was renamed the Waldorf Astoria Chicago on February 1, 2012, although nearly all of the hotel remained the same. 
It ranked first in the Travel + Leisure 2012 World's Best Awards readers’ survey and is a 2013 TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence Award recipient.
Location.
The Waldorf Astoria Chicago is located in the Gold Coast Neighborhood, a district that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is also close to Oak Street, which is known for its boutiques, high end jewelry stores, and spas, as well as State Street and Rush Street. The latter known for its night life.
Its street level tenants include Marc Jacobs, Yves Saint Laurent (brand), and local boutique Perchance.

</doc>
<doc id="9722974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722974" title="Nicaraguan Cycling Federation">
Nicaraguan Cycling Federation

The Nicaraguan Cycling Federation (in Spanish: "Federación Nicaragüense de Ciclismo") is the national governing body of cycle racing in Nicaragua.
It is a member of the UCI and COPACI.

</doc>
<doc id="9722986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9722986" title="Tauweru">
Tauweru

Tauweru, alternatively Taueru, is a locality in the Wairarapa region of New Zealand's North Island. It is named after and located on the middle reaches of the Tauweru River, which drains into the Ruamahanga River near Gladstone and Te Whiti, and the name means "hanging in clusters" in the Māori language.
Tauweru is situated east of the Wairarapa's largest town, Masterton, and is located on the main road between Masterton and Castlepoint. The nearest railway is the Wairarapa Line in Masterton. In June 1942, Tauweru was the epicentre of one of the most destructive earthquakes since European settlement of the Wairarapa in the mid-19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="9723015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723015" title="Died (song)">
Died (song)

"Died" is a song by Alice in Chains and the final one recorded with vocalist Layne Staley before his death in 2002. The song was included on the compilation albums "Music Bank" (1999) and "The Essential Alice in Chains" (2006).
Origin and recording.
The music to the song, along with the more famous "Get Born Again", was originally written by guitarist Jerry Cantrell in 1998 for what would eventually become his second solo album, "Degradation Trip". However, the song was shown to vocalist Layne Staley, who ultimately wrote lyrics for the song, and recorded it with the band in 1998. In the liner notes of 1999's "Music Bank" box set collection, Jerry Cantrell said of the song:
I wish we'd have got a bit more work on that one. It's more "Alice In A Jam Room", it's not as finished as "Born Again". It's vicious, it's got teeth, it doesn't have many overdubs and it's maybe a purer, rawer form of what Alice is. It isn't pretty and that's not a bad thing at all.
The song is thought to be about Staley's deceased ex-fiancé, Demri Lara Parrott.
Reception.
Although it is not as well known as "Get Born Again", the other of the last two songs recorded with Staley, it has become one of Alice in Chains' and grunge genre most memorable songs because it was their final song recorded with Staley before he died.

</doc>
<doc id="9723041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723041" title="High Court of American Samoa">
High Court of American Samoa

The High Court of American Samoa is an Samoan court and the highest court below the United States Supreme Court in American Samoa. The Court is located in the capital of Fagatogo. It consists of a Chief Justice and an Associate Justice, appointed by the United States Secretary of the Interior, holding office during "good behavior" and removable for cause.
The High Court of American Samoa also has several Samoan Associate Judges which sit with the Chief Justice and Associate Justice. Normally, two Associate Judges will preside with the Chief Justice/Associate Justice on every case.
The Secretary of the Interior retains ultimate authority over the courts.
Organization.
The High Court consists of four divisions:
The trial division, which consists of the Chief Justice, the Associate Justice, and associate judges, is a court of general jurisdiction, empowered to hear, among other things, felony cases and civil cases in which the amount in controversy exceeds $5,000.
Justices.
The justics of the court:

</doc>
<doc id="9723052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723052" title="Pinocembrin">
Pinocembrin

Pinocembrin is a flavanone, a type of flavonoid. It is an antioxidant found in damiana, honey, fingerroot, and propolis.
Pinocembrin can be converted biosynthetically to pinobanksin by hydroxylation adjacent to the ketone.

</doc>
<doc id="9723058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723058" title="Naval Air Station Cecil Field">
Naval Air Station Cecil Field

Naval Air Station Cecil Field or NAS Cecil Field was a United States Navy air base, located in Duval County, Florida. Prior to 1999, NAS Cecil Field was the largest military base in terms of acreage in the Jacksonville, Florida area.
NAS Cecil Field consisted of four separate facilities, the NAS Cecil Field Complex (Cecil Field), Outlying Field Whitehouse (OLF Whitehouse), the Yellow Water Weapons Department and the Pinecastle Castle Electronic Warfare Target Area / Warfare Range. Including nearly 2,500 acres (10 km²) at OLF Whitehouse, the NAS Cecil Field complex consisted of 22,939 acres (92.8 km²); in addition, the base leased another 8,379 acres (33.9 km²). By late 1999, approximately 17,200 acres (69.6 km²) were transferred to the civilian sector in the form of the Jacksonville Aviation Authority, while the remainder was transferred to Naval Air Station Jacksonville.
As directed by the Base Realignment and Closure Commission (BRAC) and the U.S. Congress pursuant to BRAC 1993 and BRAC 1995, NAS Cecil Field was decommissioned as an active naval installation on 30 September 1999. It is now a civilian, public-use, joint civil-military airfield and industrial park known as Cecil Commerce Center and Cecil Airport.
History.
NAS Cecil Field was named in honor of Commander Henry Barton Cecil, USN, who died in 1933 in the crash of the Navy airship USS Akron. Shortly before the United States' entry into World War II, a 2,600 acre (11 km²) tract of land was purchased in western Duval County and construction began on the "U.S. Naval Auxiliary Air Station, Cecil Field" (NAAS Cecil Field). 
1940s.
The base got its start in June 1941, and operations were accelerated just 11 days after the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor.
VF and VSB units of Advanced Carrier Group, Atlantic arrived at Cecil Field in late 1942 to commence replacement pilot combat training.
Cecil Field was commissioned as a Naval Auxiliary Air Station (NAAS) in February 1943.
In March 1943, the fighter training unit moved to nearby Naval Auxiliary Air Station Lee Field in Green Cove Springs, and NAAS Cecil Field became the principal war-at-sea and dive-bombing training center for the U.S. Navy and U.S. Marine Corps. From 1943 until the war ended, NAAS Cecil Field was a pilot's last stop before assignment to combat in either the Atlantic Fleet or Pacific Fleet. 
It operated at full capacity during the war years and after the war.
1950s.
Disestablished at the end of World War II, it was then re-established and disestablished until finally redesignated as a Naval Air Station on 30 June 1952. The station was rejuvenated as an operating base for fleet aircraft units which ushered in the "jet age" for the Jacksonville area.
In the mid-1950s, NAS Cecil Field's growth was given further impetus when the station was selected to serve as one of four naval air stations to be designated as Master Jet Bases specifically used for the operation of carrier-based jet aircraft. In 1951 the land area of NAS Cecil Field was increased to 4,600 acres (19 km²) and additional new buildings and facilities were constructed. Naval Air Station Cecil Field occupied 19,664 acres (79.6 km²), and was projected to be Navy's largest master jet base.
Commands.
Numerous commands operated from NAS Cecil Field over its lifetime. During the 1980s and 1990s, in addition to the station leadership of NAS Cecil Field, the principal tenant commands were:
It was RF-8 Crusaders from VFP-62 out of NAS Cecil Field who detected the presence of missiles and monitored the Soviet buildup during the Cuban Missile Crisis. 
Squadrons from NAS Cecil Field were aboard every Atlantic Fleet aircraft carrier deployed to Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. During this period, 13 NAS Cecil Field pilots were listed as POW or MIA. The POW/MIA memorial located behind the base chapel has become the chosen site for many retiring officers and enlisted personnel to hold their retirement ceremonies. 
The first Atlantic Fleet Squadrons to fly the A-7 Corsair II, the F/A-18 Hornet, the S-3A and S-3B Viking, and the ES-3A Shadow were all based at NAS Cecil Field.
NAS Cecil Field squadrons again made history during the Gulf War, marking the final combat deployment for the A-7E Corsair II and the first combat operations for the S-3B Viking.
The first weather observations were recorded at NAS Cecil Field in May 1949, with the first meteorological equipment installed in December of the same year. In those days, weather observing and forecasting services were provided by the Meteorology Division of the Air Operations Department. The "weather guessers" of Cecil Field first became a detachment, as Naval Weather Service Environmental Detachment (NWSED), Cecil Field when, in an effort to centralize control of support from the Navy's shore-based meteorological units, the CNO established the Office of the Naval Weather Service on 29 December 1965. In September 1979, almost 14 years later, the name changed to Naval Oceanography Command Detachment (NOCD), Cecil Field.
Base Realignment and Closure.
Naval Air Station Cecil Field was identified for closure by the federal Base Realignment and Closure Commission (BRAC) and approved by the U.S. Congress and President Bill Clinton in July 1993. Upon this notice by the BRAC, the city of Jacksonville initiated the development of a reuse plan to guide transition of base property and facilities to other uses that support local goals for economic and community development. There have been efforts to see the base returned as a Naval Air Station (NAS), but these have failed due to political and economic forces.
Current Military Operations.
A continuing military presence at what is now Cecil Airport and Cecil Commerce Center remains with Army Aviation Support Facility #1 (AASF #1) of the Florida Army National Guard (FLARNG), which relocated its flight operations from nearby Craig Airport in late 1999. The FLARNG operates CH-47 Chinook, UH-60 Blackhawk, UH-72 Lakota and C-12 Huron aircraft from AASF #1 at Cecil Field. Also located at Cecil Field is Coast Guard Air Facility Jacksonville, which supports the U.S. Coast Guard's Helicopter Interdiction Tactical Squadron (HITRON) and its MH-65C Dolphin helicopters. The airfield is also extensively used for practice approaches and touch-and-go landings by military aircraft based at NAS Jacksonville, Naval Station Mayport and Jacksonville Air National Guard Base at Jacksonville International Airport, as well as itinerant military aircraft, especially those undergoing modification or repair work at former military aircraft maintenance facilities at Cecil Field now operated by The Boeing Company and Northrop Grumman.

</doc>
<doc id="9723061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723061" title="Morgan Carroll">
Morgan Carroll

Morgan L. Carroll (born November 24, 1971) is an American politician from Colorado. A Democrat, she currently serves as the President of the Colorado Senate, and represents the state's 29th district.
She was first elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in 2004 and was reelected in 2006.
Carroll is a second generation Colorado native and a small business owner. She is a consumer and civil rights attorney fighting for individual rights in a local mother-daughter law firm.
Carroll has traveled extensively and studied languages, comparative governments and political systems along the way. Her travels include: Ireland, England, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Italy, Sweden, Turkey, Greece, (former) Soviet Union Russia, Ukraine, Armenia, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Israel, Egypt, Mexico, Puerto Rico, South Africa, and Zimbabwe. Rep. Carroll co-founded the International Ethics Society.
Carroll previously studied Kung Fu, dance, auto repair, snowboarding and flute. She performed with the Boulder Performing Arts Company and taught dance. She also taught Hebrew at Har Ha Shem in Boulder. She studied psychology (BA) and political science (Min) and graduated "Outstanding Graduating Senior" of her class. She earned her Juris Doctor degree (JD) - Class President.
Senator Carroll is the Chair of the Senate Judiciary committee and serves as a member of the Health and Human Services Committee, the Legislative Audit Committee and the Legal Services Committee.
In February 2008, Rep. Carroll announced her intention to seek the state senate seat previous sought by Rep. Michael Garcia; Garcia's resignation from the state house amid controversy had left the senate race in the Democratic-leaning district open.
Carroll was elected to the Colorado State Senate in November 2008.
On October 9, 2013, Carroll was elected as the President of the Colorado State Senate after the historic recall of her predecessor, John Morse.

</doc>
<doc id="9723065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723065" title="Jessop Hospital">
Jessop Hospital

The Jessop Hospital for Women was opened in 1878 with funds from Thomas Jessop, a wealthy steelworks-owner. The architect was John Dodsley Webster. It was built to replace the old Sheffield Hospital for Women at Figtree Lane, which had only nine beds. The building cost £26,000 - a lot of money at the time - all paid for by Jessop. Initially it had fifty-seven beds, and was built in the classic Gothic Revival style.
An Edwardian wing was built later, the hospital now accommodating 151 beds. Between 1927 and 1972 the hospital had a 45 bed annexe at Norton Hall known as the Firth Auxiliary Hospital. A further wing was added in the 1970s, increasing this number to the 217 present at closure in 2001.
The main maternity hospital in Sheffield is now the Jessop Wing of the Royal Hallamshire Hospital.
In 2007 the majority of the 1970s wing was demolished by the University of Sheffield as part of their Jessop West development. The Victorian Wing of the original hospital was converted to house the Department of Music, who occupied it in 2009.
Despite being a Grade II listed building, demolition of the Edwardian wing started on 30 July 2013. Demolition was pursued in favour of renovation as it provides the University of Sheffield with a greater floor area for new development at a lower cost.
Diane Blood.
The hospital was in the news in 1998 when Diane Blood gave birth to a baby boy, having been inseminated using her husband's sperm, which had been taken from his body while he was unconscious on life support, shortly before his death. A prolonged legal case gave her the right to do this, despite not having the written consent of her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="9723074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723074" title="Tyler Clippard">
Tyler Clippard

Tyler Lee Clippard (born February 14, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher. He has pitched for the Washington Nationals in Major League Baseball (MLB) since 2008. In 2007, he pitched for the New York Yankees. Clippard bats and throws right-handed.
After playing baseball at J. W. Mitchell High School in New Port Richey, Florida, the Yankees drafted Clippard in the ninth round of the 2003 MLB Draft. He debuted with the Yankees as a starting pitcher in 2007. The Yankees traded him to the Nationals before the 2008 season, and the Nationals converted him into a relief pitcher in 2009. He was named to the MLB All-Star Game in 2011, and won the MLB Delivery Man of the Month Award in June 2012.
Amateur career.
Clippard was born in Lexington, Kentucky. His family moved to Florida when he was a toddler. Clippard played baseball in Little League; in eleven years, he won seven district titles, but was never able to reach the Little League World Series. He learned to pitch when he was eight years old. In 2001, he was a member of the Palm Harbor team that won the Senior League World Series.
Clippard began his high school career at Palm Harbor University High School in Palm Harbor, Florida. After failing to make the varsity baseball team in his first two seasons, he transferred to J. W. Mitchell High School in New Port Richey, Florida, where he played for the school's baseball team. As a junior, in 2002, he won six games. He was named to the All-Conference first team.
In 2003, his senior season, Clippard had a 1–1 record with an 0.81 ERA and 31 strikeouts in innings pitched. However, he was dismissed from the school's baseball team after being charged with driving under the influence of alcohol. Clippard transferred to Dunedin High School in Dunedin, Florida, which had a nationally ranked baseball team. Clippard attempted to play for their team, but the move was blocked by the Florida High School Athletic Association, as players are not allowed to transfer during the course of a season, nor are they allowed to transfer to avoid sanctions given for disciplinary reasons. After taking classes at Dunedin for a month, Clippard transferred back to Mitchell in order to graduate from high school with his friends.
Clippard competed for the Central Florida Renegades in Connie Mack Baseball, an amateur 18-and-under competition organized by the American Amateur Baseball Congress. He earned pitcher of the week honors in the Florida State Elite Baseball League in June 2003.
Clippard also played golf at Mitchell. As a sophomore, in 2001, Clippard was named one of the ten best golfers in Pasco County. He registered the best individual score in the Sunshine Athletic Conference tournament that year. He was named to the All-Conference first team as a junior and to the All-County as a senior, and helped lead Mitchell to victory in the Sunshine Athletic Conference tournament during his senior year.
Professional career.
Draft.
Without the benefit of a full senior season to show himself off to scouts, Clippard proactively sent scouts a schedule of when he was throwing and attended as many showcases as he could. He trained with Roy Silver, a retired professional baseball player, who worked with Clippard on his mechanics and his maturity. Clippard's father, Bob, teamed up with Tom Kotchman, father of Florida high school player Casey Kotchman, to form showcases with past teammates of Clippard.
Clippard was drafted in the ninth round of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft, with the 274th overall selection, by the New York Yankees. Though he had signed a National Letter of Intent in the fall of 2002 to attend the University of South Florida on a baseball scholarship, allowing him to play college baseball for the South Florida Bulls, he chose to turn professional due to his draft position and the opportunity to play for the Yankees.
New York Yankees.
Clippard made his professional debut that year in the Rookie-level Gulf Coast League (GCL) with the GCL Yankees, pitching to a 3–3 win-loss record with a 2.89 ERA. In innings, he allowed 33 hits and five walks while striking out 56. Moving up to the Battle Creek Yankees of the Class A Midwest League for the 2004 season, Clippard had a 10–10 record with a 3.44 ERA and a strikeout-to-walk ratio of 4.53:1 in 25 starts.
Clippard was 10–9 with a 3.18 ERA for the Tampa Yankees of the Class A-Advanced Florida State League (FSL) in 2005. He was named to the West team in the FSL All-Star Game. However, he did not appear in the game, as the Charleston RiverDogs of the Class A South Atlantic League needed another pitcher that day. Clippard was named FSL pitcher of the week for the week of July 10 through 17. For the season, opponents batted .219 against him and he struck out 169 batters in innings, while walking 34. He led Yankees farmhands in strikeouts and finished fifth in the affiliated minor leagues, behind Francisco Liriano, Joel Zumaya, Rich Hill and Chuck James. He also led the FSL in strikeouts and was seventh in ERA. However, he did not make the FSL post-season All-Star team and "Baseball America" did not rank him as one of the league's top prospects.
"Baseball America" ranked Clippard as the Yankees' tenth best prospect heading into the 2006 season. Promoted to the Trenton Thunder of the Class AA Eastern League in 2006, Clippard again led Yankee farmhands in strikeouts (175). He allowed just a .200 batting average and had three times as many strikeouts as walks. Clippard was 12–10 with a 3.35 ERA for the Trenton Thunder. He threw the first no-hitter in franchise history on August 17, shutting down the Harrisburg Senators. He was named the Eastern League's pitcher of the week for his accomplishment. Earlier in the season, Clippard flirted with a perfect game, retiring the first 21 batters in a game against the Binghamton Mets. Clippard also won nine straight games at one point, breaking the club record of eight shared by Tomo Ohka and Carl Pavano. He teamed with Phil Hughes to form one of the best pitching duos in minor league baseball. Clippard again was fifth in the affiliated minors in strikeouts, trailing Yovani Gallardo, Francisco Cruceta, Matt Maloney and Franklin Morales. He led the Eastern League in strikeouts and was seventh in ERA. "Baseball America" ranked him as the tenth-best prospect in the Eastern League.
Clippard began 2007 with the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees of the Class AAA International League. He was 3–2 with a 2.72 ERA in his first eight starts, striking out 41 in 39 2/3 innings but allowing 40 hits and 17 walks. Though the Yankees experienced injuries in the starting rotation, they called on Matt DeSalvo and Chase Wright before Clippard. When Darrell Rasner broke his finger in May, Clippard was called up to New York. He became the seventh rookie to start a game for the 2007 New York Yankees, following Hughes, DeSalvo, Rasner, Wright, Kei Igawa and Jeff Karstens.
Making his MLB debut on May 20, 2007, in an interleague game against the New York Mets, Clippard recorded his first MLB win. He pitched six innings, giving up one run off the bat of David Wright and three hits. He struck out his first major league batter, José Reyes, on three pitches. He recorded his first career hit in his second at-bat off Mets pitcher Scott Schoeneweis, a double to right center in the sixth inning. Clippard was optioned back to the minor leagues in June. He struggled in his return to the minor leagues for Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, and was demoted to Trenton in July. Though he was a member of the Trenton team as they won the Eastern League championship, Clippard struggled in the playoffs. The Yankees recalled him in September. Overall with, he had a 3–1 record and a 6.33 ERA with the Yankees.
Washington Nationals.
Clippard was traded on December 4, 2007, to the Washington Nationals for relief pitcher Jonathan Albaladejo. The Nationals viewed him as a contender for a spot in the starting rotation. However, he began the season with the Columbus Clippers, Washington's Class AAA affiliate. He pitched his first game for the Nationals on June 9, , after Odalis Pérez was placed on the 15-day disabled list. He was optioned to the minor leagues after this start, but was given a second start a few days later, as Pérez was not yet ready to return. The Nationals then optioned Clippard to Columbus after his second start, in which Clippard pitched to a 1–1 record and 4.35 ERA. He was recalled later in June as Shawn Hill was placed on the disabled list. He spent most of the season with Columbus, going 6–13 with a 4.66 ERA. He tied Yorman Bazardo and Charlie Haeger for the most losses in the International League that season.
During spring training in 2009, the Nationals optioned Clippard to the Syracuse Chiefs, Washington's new Class AAA affiliate. Despite starting six games with the Yankees in 2007 and two for the Nationals in 2008, he was converted to a relief pitcher for the 2009 campaign. Nationals' pitching coach Steve McCatty told Clippard that his future was pitching in relief, because his pitch count tended to get too high in starts, and opposing batters hit Clippard well by the third time the lineup turned over in a game. Clippard at first resisted the transition to the bullpen, but conversations with his father and agent, Casey Close, reassured him to continue pursuing his dream. Clippard appeared in 20 games for Syracuse in 2009, posting a 4–1 record, 0.92 ERA, and 42 strikeouts in 39 innings. Clippard pitched in 14 consecutive scoreless appearances before being promoted to the Nationals on June 21, 2009, replacing Kip Wells in the Nationals' bullpen. Used sparingly in the first weeks after his promotion, he posted a 2.69 ERA through innings, with 67 strikeouts.
Since 2010, Clippard has pitched exclusively out of the bullpen; primarily in the eighth inning. That season, Clippard and Drew Storen served as setup pitchers to Matt Capps. After pitching effectively in the first half of the season, Clippard and Capps earned the nickname "Clip and Save". Clippard finished eighth in the National League in appearances, with 78. He won eleven games on the season, which led the team.
In the first half of the 2011 season, Clippard had a 1–0 record and 1.73 ERA. He struck out 63 batters and allowed only 26 hits in innings pitched, and allowed only six of 32 inherited runners to score. For his achievements, Clippard was selected to appear in the All-Star Game. He earned the victory for the National League as the game's winning pitcher, despite not retiring a batter. Adrián Beltré, the only batter Clippard faced, singled, but Hunter Pence threw out José Bautista at home plate, and the NL took the lead in the next inning. Clippard finished the season with a 3–0 record, a 1.83 ERA, and 104 strikeouts in innings pitched across 72 appearances. He led the National League in win probability added.
Before the 2012 season, Clippard and the Nationals agreed to a one-year contract worth $1.65 million, avoiding salary arbitration. Clippard became the de facto closer for the Nationals in the first half of the 2012 season. After injuries to Storen and Brad Lidge, Henry Rodríguez became the closer, but Rodriguez lost the job to Clippard due to his struggles. The Nationals kept Clippard as their closer even after Storen returned to the team. He was named the Major League Baseball Delivery Man of the Month for his performance in June 2012, recording ten saves in ten opportunities, and allowing zero runs in innings pitched.
Scouting report.
Clippard is listed at and . He has an unorthodox pitching delivery, rocking forward while sticking his gloved hand high in the air, which creates an unusual arm angle while pitching, making it difficult for hitters to pick up the ball in their line of vision. Clippard's father taught him to pitch this way when Clippard was eight years old by having him throw his baseball glove. McCatty nicknamed Clippard's delivery "The Funk".
Clippard primarily throws a fastball and a changeup. His hard, straight four-seam fastball averages about , topping out at , and sets up a deceptive changeup in the low 80s. Periodically, he throws a cutter early in the count to right-handed hitters and a curveball in the upper 70s. Nardi Contreras, who worked with Clippard as the Yankees' minor league pitching coordinator, indicated that Clippard's greatest success comes from his curveball and changeup.
Clippard has compiled a strikeout rate of greater than 10 per 9 innings over his career. According to Clippard, "I don't try to strike out everyone that I face. Strikeouts just kind of happen with the way I pitch."
, Clippard has the lowest ground ball/fly ball ratio among active pitchers. Compared to other right-handed pitchers, Clippard is much more likely to throw pitches high in the strike zone or above it.
Personal.
Clippard was raised by his father, Bob, and his mother, Debbie. He has a brother, named Colin, who played Little League baseball with Tyler.

</doc>
<doc id="9723075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723075" title="Coupe Houphouët-Boigny">
Coupe Houphouët-Boigny

The Coupe Houphouët-Boigny is a match competition in Côte d'Ivoire football, played between the Côte d'Ivoire Premier Division champions and the Côte d'Ivoire Cup winners.
The competition is traditionally played on December 6. The official name of the trophy is "Coupe Houphouët-Boigny". Starting from the 2004/05 edition, the trophy is disputed between the top 3 of the previous season and the cup winners. From the 2010/11 edition the trophy is played in the next season.
Finals.
Are: 

</doc>
<doc id="9723080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723080" title="Pony Express Record">
Pony Express Record

Pony Express Record is a 1994 album by the Washington, D.C.-based post-hardcore group Shudder to Think. It was their first album to be recorded for Epic Records. Although switching to a major label from the independent Dischord Records shocked and alienated some fans of the group, Pony Express Record proved to be a challenging release, mixing musical styles as diverse as jazz, art-rock, glam, post-punk, noise rock and folk. It is also regarded as one of the most underrated albums of the 90s, and has received considerable critical acclaim. Pitchfork Media placed the album as #29 on their original 1999 issue of Top 100 Albums of the 90s.
Track listing.
All songs written by Craig Wedren, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="9723111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723111" title="Dyke Brown">
Dyke Brown

Dyke Brown (1915-2006) was best known for founding The Athenian School in Danville, California.
Early life and academic career.
Dyke was born Franklin Moore Brown in San Francisco, on April 16, 1915. He was the son of Frank A. Brown and Dorothy Gary Moore. According to his niece, Nancy Woodward, the name "Dyke" began in early childhood. His mother used to call him a "cute little tyke". When his brother Gary mispronounced "tyke" as "dyke", the nickname stuck. His high school years were spent at Piedmont High School; he graduated in 1932. Before enrolling in college, he traveled in Europe and attended the Schule Schloss Salem School in Germany, then under the direction of the noted educator, Kurt Hahn.
Returning to the U.S., Brown attended U.C. Berkeley and graduated in 1936, with a BA with highest honors and Phi Beta Kappa. He then went to University of Oxford on a Rhodes Scholarship, from 1936 to 1938, earning a B.A. and M.A. in Politics, Economics, and Philosophy. While at Oxford, Brown visited Italy, where he met his future wife, Catherine Whitely, known to all as Kate. From Berkeley, Brown went to Yale Law School, where he earned a Juris Doctor degree in 1941, and was immediately hired as Assistant Dean and Assistant Professor of Law by Yale.
World War II.
America entered World War II after the attack on Pearl Harbor, December 7, 1941. Brown, like many of his generation, immediately enlisted in the Navy, and was appointed flag lieutenant and aide to Admiral Jules James, commander of the Sixth Naval District in Charleston, South Carolina. Brown was on active duty from 1942 to 1945.
1946 to 1962: From the Practice of Law to the Ford Foundation.
After the war, Brown returned to San Francisco and his law career. He first worked for John Francis Neylan (William Randolph Hearst's general counsel) and then in 1949, became a partner at the firm of Cooley, Crowley and Gaither.
Horace Rowan Gaither was commissioned by the Ford Foundation's Board of Trustees to create a series of studies to guide the Foundation's growth. In 1949, Gaither recruited Brown to serve as an Assistant Director of the Study for the Ford Foundation on Policy and Program.
In 1953, Dyke was elected a Vice President of the Ford Foundation, with an emphasis on the Foundation's Public Affairs Program and the Program in Economic Development and Administration. The Brown family moved from California to Scarsdale, New York. Brown's interest in educating youth grew out of several sources: his own children's educational experiences and his work for the Ford Foundation in youth development and preventing juvenile delinquency.
He conceived the desire to start a boarding school that would embody his ideas.
The Athenian Years, 1962 to 1977.
Brown left the Ford Foundation in 1962, and returned to the San Francisco Bay Area to raise funds and look for land for the school. In 1963, a portion of the Blackhawk Ranch was purchased, and construction began.
The school opened with 9th and 10th grades, in the fall of 1965. Brown continued to serve as the founder and chief fundraiser, working toward his goal of four distinct campuses sharing a common core of facilities.
In the early years, Brown also taught a seminar to upperclassmen in constitutional law.
Activities after The Athenian Years.
Brown retired from active service to Athenian in 1977, focusing his interest on younger children. He coordinated with the Hewlett Foundation to create the Child Development Project.
Brown was strongly influenced by Kurt Hahn, the German educator who founded Outward Bound and Gordonstoun in Scotland. The conferences of schools influenced by Hahn's educational ideas is called Round Square. For many years, Athenian was the only American member of the Round Square conference.
External links.
Obituary, http://www.valleysentinel.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=87&Itemid=5

</doc>
<doc id="9723113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723113" title="Noel Johnson">
Noel Johnson

Noel Johnson (28 December 1916 – 1 October 1999) was an English actor.
He was the radio voice of Dick Barton special agent on BBC radio and Dan Dare on Radio Luxembourg.
His assured upper class voice cadence made him ideal for characters of that type, notably in the BBC Radio 4 dramatic adaptation of "A Dance to the Music of Time" by Anthony Powell. This was broadcast as 26 one-hour episodes between 1978 and 1981; Johnson played the novel sequence's narrator Nicholas Jenkins, while the younger Nicholas was played by Gareth Johnson in the first 18 episodes. In the last quarter of the series – in which Jenkins is in late middle-age – Johnson plays Jenkins alone.
His movie career included small roles in "Defence of the Realm", "Withnail & I", and "For Your Eyes Only", and numerous television dramas, including "Dixon of Dock Green", "Coronation Street", "Out of the Unknown", "Doomwatch", "Death of an Expert Witness", "Colditz", "Rumpole of the Bailey", "Doctor Who" (in the serials "The Underwater Menace" and "Invasion of the Dinosaurs"), "Inspector Morse" and "A Touch of Frost", amongst many others.

</doc>
<doc id="9723117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723117" title="Billy Lush">
Billy Lush

Billy Lush (born November 30, 1981) is an American actor from New Haven, Connecticut. He graduated from Coral Springs High School in Coral Springs, Florida in 1999. He later attended Florida State University to pursue theatre. He is known for his portrayal of Kevin Donnelly on the NBC drama "The Black Donnellys", which was canceled by NBC in April 2007, and Lance Cpl. Harold James Trombley on the 2008 HBO miniseries "Generation Kill". He played Liam Hennessy, an undercover policeman in the Irish mob, in the Fox show "The Chicago Code".

</doc>
<doc id="9723118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723118" title="Espen Johnsen (politician)">
Espen Johnsen (politician)

Espen Johnsen (born 17 October 1976 in Lillehammer) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Oppland in 2005. He had previously served as a deputy representative during the term 2001–2005.
On the local level he was a member of Oppland county council from 1999 to 2005. Since 2002 he is the leader of the county party chapter, as well as a member of the Labour Party national board.
He grew up in Vestre Slidre, and graduated from Lillehammer University College.
In 2011 he was elected to mayor of Lillehammer
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9723128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723128" title="Singapore League Cup">
Singapore League Cup

The StarHub League Cup is an annual soccer competition in Singapore. It was launched in 2007, and is open to teams who play in the S.League. The title sponsor for 2013 is StarHub.
The 2007 competition was sponsored by SingTel, and officially titled the SingTel League Cup. Eight of the twelve S.League teams took part in the 2007 tournament, which was held before the start of the S.League season proper.
In 2008, the competition's official sponsored name was the Avaya-J&J League Cup (with sponsorship coming from Avaya and Jebsen & Jessen Communications). All twelve S.League teams took part in the 2008 tournament. Unlike the 2007 event, the 2008 competition was held during the S.League season.
The 2009 edition of the League Cup was held from 1 to 19 June, again during the S.League season. The competition began with a group stage, where the clubs were divided into four groups of three. The top two teams from each group qualified for the knockout stage. All knockout matches were played at the Jalan Besar Stadium. Live television coverage was provided by Starhub.
2010 saw the League Cup returning to a knockout format. The teams which finished in the top 4 positions in the 2009 S.League season were given byes to the quarter-final round, and the remaining clubs played a qualifying round to decide who would join them in the Cup competition. The draw was conducted before the qualifying round, which meant that qualifying clubs already knew which quarter-final slot they would be playing for.
The 2011 League Cup final on 30 June 2011 saw Albirex Niigata (Singapore) defeat Hougang United 5-4 on penalties to become the third consecutive foreign club to hold the trophy after DPMM and Etoile FC.
The 2013 tournament is currently sponsored by StarHub, and officially titled the StarHub League Cup.
Past results.
Plate Tournament.
From 2012, a Plate Tournament was launched for the four teams that finished third in their respective groups.
Previous League Cup tournament (1997).
A competition called the Singapore League Cup was also held in Singapore in 1997. In that year it was won by the Singapore Armed Forces Football Club who defeated Geylang United FC 1-0 in the final. In 1998, that competition was renamed the Singapore Cup, and was opened to teams that do not play in the S.League. The Singapore Cup is now the major cup competition in Singapore football, and in recent years has involved invited teams from overseas in addition to teams playing in Singapore's local leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="9723138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723138" title="1997–98 Tennessee Lady Volunteers basketball team">
1997–98 Tennessee Lady Volunteers basketball team

The 1997–98 Tennessee Lady Volunteers basketball team, coached by Pat Summitt, is considered to be one of the greatest teams in the history of U.S. women's college basketball, as they went 39–0, winning their third consecutive national championship while playing one of the toughest schedules in the nation. The Lady Vols started off the season ranked number one in the nation, a ranking that would not change. ESPN called it one of the top ten moments in women's sports of the 20th century. After the season, Summitt authored a book about the season, entitled "Raise the Roof".
Preseason.
The Lady Vols had just come off of a somewhat bittersweet season. While they had won the national championship, they had lost ten games, including two to rival Louisiana Tech. That team was the first Lady Vols team since 1991 that did not win either the SEC regular season or tournament championship.
However, the team did return several players, including All-American Chamique Holdsclaw, and had a freshman class that was being called the greatest ever, which included Tamika Catchings, Semeka Randall, Teresa Geter, and Kristen Clement. Tamika Catchings won Miss Basketball titles in two states: Illinois, her sophomore year, and Texas, her senior year. Additionally, she led her high school to a state championship and a 40–0 season her senior year. She also performed a quintuple-double in one of her games. Semeka Randall was also accomplished, named Parade's Player of the Year her senior year, a two-time Miss Basketball, as well as a two-time state tournament MVP. Kristen "Ace" Clement came out of Pennsylvania, where she had broken Wilt Chamberlain's scoring record in Philadelphia of 2,205 with 2,256 points. The record had stood for 40 years. The fourth freshman, Teresa Geter, was not as well-known, but was considered to be the best player in South Carolina, and had been named Miss Basketball, just like the others. Chamique, Tamika, and Semeka would become known as "The Meeks" as the season progressed.
Regular season.
Mississippi.
After an exhibition rout of US Armed Forces, the Lady Vols opened up the season unusually, with a conference game against Mississippi. Semeka Randall did not start the game. However, four minutes into the game, the Lady Vols were only up 4–2. At this point, Randall was put into the game, and Tennessee scored fifteen straight, on a run fueled by her. Randall scored 24, and star Chamique Holdsclaw added 23. This season opener has caused a lot of anticipation, as it was expected that this would be the game where all four of Tennessee's freshman played together. However during a November practice, Clement had injured her foot, resulting in a stress fracture. After a discussion with the team doctor, Clement agreed to sit out the Mississippi game in order to be able to play the next game, against Louisiana Tech.
Louisiana Tech.
The Louisiana Tech Lady Techsters were ranked second in the country and was expected to challenge Tennessee for the national title. Tech returned all five of its starters from a team that had beaten the Vols twice the previous year. Tech came out on a 9–2 run, but led at the half by only a point. The teams played evenly for the beginning of the second half, before Louisiana Tech raised the lead to five with just over twelve minutes remaining. Summitt put her four freshman into the line-up, which went on a 12–0 run, giving Tennessee a lead they would never relinquish. Holdsclaw finished with a double-double (24 points, 11 rebounds), and Catchings contributed 17 points.
Teresa Geter was a big contributor, as well, with five blocked shots. Clement was able to play the game, but it set her rehab back, and she would not play again for over a month.
Tennessee-Martin, Stanford, Portland, Texas, and the Big Apple Classic.
The next game was against Summitt's alma mater, Tennessee-Martin. Martin was naming their court after Summitt, and the game was just an excuse to attract a large number of people. Their meeting was not much of a game, as Tennessee won 73–32. Summitt's team followed this game with a 40-point rout of Vermont. The team next went on a road trip to the West Coast for their annual game against rival Stanford. Stanford lit up the court in the first half, sinking 57 percent of their shots, but it was not enough to keep the Lady Vols away. Down by one at the half, the Lady Vols played great defense in the second, allowing just five field goals and winning by 18. Holdsclaw had 25 points, and Catchings had 20. The Lady Vols next traveled to Portland, as part of Summitt's yearly effort to play at least one game near the hometown of each player. This game was meant more as a homecoming for Laurie Milligan, instead of an actual challenge, and they cruised to a 74–51 victory. December opened up with a game against rival Texas, who shot out to a 47–32 lead at halftime, and went on to win by 34, behind Catchings' 26 points. Next up was the Big Apple Classic, a home trip for Holdsclaw. The Ladies rolled over both opponents, beating George Mason and Manhattan by 30 and 50 respectively.
SEC/Big-10 Challenge.
The Vols then returned home for the SEC/Big-10 challenge. Florida lost by 10 to Purdue, and the Vols' game was against the . The game featured an interesting match-up as Catchings' sister, Tauja, was a sophomore at Illinois at the time. Tennessee had a horrific start as they fell behind 41–19. By halftime, the lead had been cut to 41–24, despite only shooting 23%. In the second half, Tennessee cut the lead slowly, through turnovers and defense, finally taking the lead with 9:25 remaining. The Vols ended the game with a ten point win.
Northern Lights Invitational.
The next trip was up to Anchorage, for the Northern Lights Invitational, a three-day, eight-team tournament. The first game was an easy win against Akron, in which Summitt played her bench frequently. The semi-final game, against Texas A&M, was not much more difficult. The Ladies won handily, 105–81, leading by as much as 25. Texas A&M's 81 points would end up being the most a team would score on Tennessee that season. The championship game was against Wisconsin, a team ranked in the top 10, but this ranking did not mean much, as the team ended 1997 with an 87–66 victory. The Meeks were named to the All-Tournament team.
Arkansas and UConn.
A rare New Year's Day game was played against SEC foe Arkansas, who was ranked just inside the top 25. Tennessee forced 26 turnovers, including 14 steals, in route to an 88–58 victory. This game was followed up with a home match with main rival UConn, who was ranked third in the nation. UConn led the series 4–3, but the Lady Vols had won the last matchup, and the undefeated Huskies wanted revenge. Thompson-Boling Arena seated nearly 25,000 fans, an NCAA women's record, and, as an experiment, the game was played in four quarters instead of two halves. The Lady Vols started off on a 10–0 run, but the lead was cut to 23–17 by the end of the first quarter. The second quarter saw Tennessee expand the lead, ending the quarter with a fourteen point lead. However, UConn did not want to go away, and went on a tear in the third quarter, as a 20–7 run cut the Lady Vols lead to one point, before the team responded, ending the quarter with seven unanswered points. The final quarter was all Tennessee, and the game ended in an 84–69 win.
South Carolina and Florida.
The team started their SEC schedule back up with a trip to South Carolina. The Gamecocks were not much of an opponent, as the ladies more than doubled their points at the half (53–26), and finished the game 94–52. This game was followed up with another highly ranked opponent, the twelfth-ranked Gators. Once again, the Vols ran a talented team into the ground, as they only allowed 18 first half points, ultimately winning by a score of 99–60.
Georgia, Kentucky, and DePaul.
Tennessee had a three-game road trip up next, starting with the Bulldogs in Athens. Tennessee started the game strong, grabbing the lead, and finished the half on a 13–0 run. However, Georgia came back, cutting the lead down to nine with seven minutes remaining in the game. It was at this point that Semeka Randall scored thirteen points, sealing a 96–71 victory. This is the largest margin of victory in the Lady Bulldogs-Lady Vols series. Tennessee had 19 steals in the game, while shooting over 50%, and Holdsclaw and Catchings both scored over 20. The next game, against Kentucky, also had Tennessee making a late first half run, giving them a 19 point lead at the break. This lead was never given up, as the Lady Vols won by twenty-eight. The final game of the road trip was against DePaul, a good team who was, however, missing their two best players. Without these players, it was not much of a game, as Summitt's team started the game with twenty-one straight points and ended the game with a 125–46 victory, giving the team a 20–0 record. The team's 125 points were the second most in the history of the program.
Vanderbilt and Georgia.
The Lady Vols returned home and resumed their SEC schedule against in-state foe Vanderbilt, who was ranked in the top 10. Throughout the first half, the game was about even, until the Lady Vols got a slight lead with under seven minutes left, which they took to the locker room, 37–31. The second half, however, started out much differently, beginning with a 20–0 Lady Vols run. Tennessee led by as many as 35 points in the game, and ended the game with an 86–54 win. Catchings was named the SEC Player of the Week for her role in the DePaul and Vanderbilt games, scoring 35 and 22 points respectively. The final game of the month was the rematch with Georgia. It ended up being a blowout. Tennessee shot better than 60%, and Holdsclaw scored more points in the first half than the entire Georgia team. Tennessee broke the 20-steal mark, as well as the 100-point mark, winning 102–43.
Alabama, Old Dominion, and Mississippi State.
February began with another SEC match-up, this time against unranked Alabama. Starter Kyra Elzy tore her ACL during the game ending her season, during this game, while going up for a rebound. Meanwhile, Alabama was keeping close to the Lady Vols, by slowing the game down. At half time, Tennessee only had a 13 point lead. The team never did shake off the Crimson Tide, but did manage to pull out the win, 73–66. A trip to Ole Miss was next, and the team started off much better, score the first ten points of the game and having a 54–17 lead at halftime. Summitt let the bench play the rest of the game, ultimately winning 91–45. This game was followed up by a non-conference match against longtime rival Old Dominion, whom Tennessee had beaten in the previous year's national championship. The game was even for fifteen minutes, but in the last five minutes of the half, Tennessee was able to build a twelve point lead. Holdsclaw took over the second half for the Lady Vols, scoring 24 points for an 85–61 victory, ODU's biggest loss in four years. This match was followed up with another conference game, this time against the Mississippi State Bulldogs. UT started out sloppily, and ended the half with only a nine point lead. However, once again the team came out strong to open the second half, raising their lead and eventually had double State's points, with ten minutes remaining. The Bulldogs cut the lead to eleven, but then Summitt put Holdsclaw back in, scoring eight in a row, giving Tennessee another victory, 74–52.
Memphis, Auburn, Vanderbilt, and LSU.
After a two-day rest, the Lady Vols resumed their season with three games in five days, starting with their final non-conference opponent, Memphis, on the road. UT started strong, taking a 16–6 lead to open up the game, only to give it back up. Memphis delighted its home crowd by taking a 38–31 lead with two minutes to go in the half, but Tennessee rallied and took a two point lead to the locker room. Once again, Tennessee pulled away in the second half, 91–65, behind three players who scored over twenty: Holdsclaw (31), Randall (21), and Catchings (20). The next game was against Auburn, a program that is traditionally competitive within the conference. Once again, Summitt's team started the game strong, leading 32–16 before Auburn woke up, cutting the lead to five by the half. However, the Tigers would not get any closer than this, as Holdsclaw's 39 points helped Tennessee to yet another win, 79–63. The final game of this stretch was the rematch with Vanderbilt, played on President's Day in front of a sellout crowd at the Commodores' quirky Memorial Gymnasium and a national television audience on ESPN. The Commodores started off strong, taking a 16–7 lead in front of their home crowd. However Tennessee responded with seventeen straight points to take the lead, and led by nine at the halftime. As in previous games, the Lady Vols made a big run to open up the second half to put the game out of reach. UT won 91–60, with UT shooting over fifty percent yet again. The final game of the regular season came against LSU, a respectable SEC team which beat the Lady Vols the previous season in Baton Rouge, but still a few seasons away from becoming a national power. Tennessee played well on Senior Night, starting with a 32–8 lead that would never be given up. Tennessee completed the season with a 90–58 win, giving them a perfect 30–0 regular season.
SEC tournament.
After their first round bye, Tennessee faced Mississippi State again. Instead of Tennessee starting quickly, however, the Bulldogs did, taking a 9–2 lead. At this point though, the Vols went on one of their runs, this time a 15–2 one. State did not recover from this, and Tennessee advanced to the semi-finals, 88–60. Catchings had a double-double by halftime. In the semi-finals, UT met Vanderbilt for the third time, with an even better performance than the previous two. Catchings again had a double-double by halftime and the team shot 6 of 7 from beyond the three point line, as they advanced to the championship 106–45. The SEC Championship was against Alabama, who had played within seven points of the Lady Vols in their previous match-up. Alabama used the same, slow style they had previously employed, and at the break were only down by three. Tennessee was able to slowly up the lead to ten during the first ten minutes of the second period, eventually reaching a fourteen point lead, before Alabama started a comeback, cutting the lead to five with just over forty seconds remaining. Alabama was able to score the five points, but Tennessee made their foul shots, and won the title, 67–63. After the game, Holdsclaw was named the tournament's most outstanding player. UT was now 33–0, with the NCAA tournament coming up next.
NCAA tournament.
Opening Games.
The Lady Vols were awarded the No. 1 seed in the Mideast Regional where their opponent was, oddly enough, also undefeated. The 28–0 Lady Flames of Liberty were the champions of the Big South conference, giving them a berth in the tournament as a No. 16 seed. The usual #1-#16 blowout occurred, with Tennessee winning 102–58, although in another region this blowout did not occur: No. 16 seed Harvard upset injury-depleted No. 1 seed Stanford 71–67 in the West regional. This is the only time that a 16-seed has beaten a 1-seed in the NCAA tournament — men's or women's.
Holdsclaw led Tennessee with 22 points, although Liberty's Sharon Wilkerson led all scorers with 26. Four other Lady Vols reached double figures, and both Holdsclaw and Catchings had double-doubles.
UT's second round opponent was 8-seeded Western Kentucky, who had lost only by to one to Louisiana Tech in the Sun Belt Tournament, and had defeated Stephen F. Austin in the first round, 88–76. Tennessee started slowly and Randall picked up two early fouls, resulting in Ace Clement taking her place in the lineup where she scored five quick points and helped the team to a twelve point halftime lead. Western Kentucky pulled to within six early on in the second half, only to follow their run up by going 0 for 6 on their next shots. However, the Hilltoppers pulled back within six a second time. Once again, their run was short lived, as it was followed up with a spree of turnovers. The Lady Vols took advantage of this drought, and went on to win 82–62. Holdsclaw led all scorers with 34 and Catchings contributed 20, while Le Johnson was Western Kentucky's highest scorer, with 17.
The Regional Finals were not all that far away from Knoxville – the Lady Vols only had to travel a couple of hours, to Nashville, where they faced 5th-seeded Rutgers, 22–9. Rutgers had survived two close games to reach this point, defeating 12th-seeded Oregon, 79–76, in the first round, and then upsetting 4th-seeded Iowa State, 62–61 in the second. Their third round game was not quite so close. Although Rutgers only trailed by two towards the end of the first period, UT was able to outscore Rutgers by six to close it out, and opened the second half up by building the lead to sixteen. The Scarlet Knights never recovered, losing 92–60. Holdsclaw and Catchings were again the leading scorers, with 25 and 23. The Lady Vols shot 52.2% from the field and forced Rutgers to 27 turnovers. This game gave Tennessee their 36th win, breaking Connecticut's record of 35, as the Lady Vols advanced to the Regional Finals.
The Regional Championship matched Tennessee with the 2nd-seeded Tar Heels, who were coming off of a 6-point victory over 3rd-seeded Illinois. Summitt's team started off with a 17–11 lead, only to falter and allow Carolina to tie it up at 21. Tennessee responded with a 12–6 run to end the first, but Carolina answered by opening the second half with the first seven points, giving them a one point lead, 34–33, and the first time an opponent had held a lead over Tennessee in over three months. Carolina slowly extended the lead as the game continued, until they were eventually leading 61–49, at which point Summitt sent several players, including Holdsclaw (who was on the bench due to a poor shooting performance) back onto the floor. A minute later, Tennessee had cut the deficit to five, and by the five-minute mark the game was tied again, at 62. The teams traded baskets, tying the game at 64 and 66, before Tennessee reached a 70–67 lead, with less than ninety seconds remaining. Carolina was soon forced to start fouling the Lady Vols, who made their free throws and advanced to the Final Four, 76–70. Holdsclaw once again led all scorers, this time with 29, and Semeka Randall had 20. North Carolina was led by Wright and Reid, who had 21 and 20.
Final Four.
Tennessee's first Final Four game was against SEC foe, Arkansas, the 9th-seed out of the West Region. The Razorbacks had upset three different teams to reach the Final Four, Hawaii, Kansas, and 2nd-seeded Duke. Despite a poor first half shooting performances, the Vols led 39–28 halfway through the game. The second half saw the Lady Vols make over half their shots, propelling the team to the national championship with an 86–58, the largest margin of victory in the Women's National Semifinals history.
Louisiana Tech knocked off N.C. State in their semifinal match, 84–65, making the national championship a match-up between the two teams that started the season ranked first and second. The game was not close. Seven and a half minutes through the first half, the Lady Vols were up by fifteen, and by halftime the score was 55–32. The 55 points was a record for most points in a half in a national championship game. Tech was not able to make a run until late in the second half, when they were able to cut the lead down to eighteen, only to see Kellie Jolly hit back-to-back three pointers. The final score was 93 to 75. Three different Lady Vols scored twenty or more points: Holdsclaw (25), Catchings (27), and Jolly (20). Holdsclaw, who was named the Final Four MVP, her second consecutive, also won her seventh straight title (3 NCAA, 4 State). After the game, Louisiana Tech head coach Leon Balmore proclaimed this Lady Vols squad to be the "best ever", something Old Dominion Hall of Famer Nancy Lieberman has stated back in February. However, not everyone was positive, as ESPN analyst Mimi Griffin stated that Tennessee's dominance was becoming a detriment to the women's game.
The Lady Vols did not win another national championship until 2007, defeating Rutgers in the championship game in Cleveland. Tennessee lost three times to Connecticut in championship games (2000, 2003, 2004), but also suffered a humiliating loss to Xavier in the 2001 Sweet 16, marking only the second time since the NCAA first sanctioned women's basketball championships in 1982 the Lady Vols did not reach at least the Elite Eight. Connecticut would later match the Lady Vols' 39–0 mark in 2002, 2009, and 2010 before Baylor eclipsed the record in 2012 and tied by UConn themselves in 2014, as the only teams to win 40 straight games in a season.

</doc>
<doc id="9723174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723174" title="Irwin I. Shapiro">
Irwin I. Shapiro

Irwin Ira Shapiro (born October 10, 1929 in New York City) is an American astrophysicist and Timken University Professor at Harvard University. He has been a professor at Harvard since 1982. He was the director of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics from 1982 to 2004.
Career.
A native of New York, Shapiro graduated from Brooklyn Technical High School in New York City. He later received his B.A. in Mathematics from Cornell University, and later a M.A. and Ph.D in Physics from Harvard University. He joined the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Lincoln Laboratory in 1954 and became a professor of physics at there in 1967. In 1981, Edward Bowell discovered the 3832 main belt asteroid and it was later named after Shapiro by his former student Steven J. Ostro. In 1982, he took a position as professor and Guggenheim Fellow at his alma mater, Harvard, and also became director of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. In 1997, he became the first Timken University Professor at the university.
Shapiro's research interests include astrophysics, astrometry, geophysics, gravitation, including the use of gravitational lenses to assess the age of the universe.

</doc>
<doc id="9723198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723198" title="Trouble in Triplicate">
Trouble in Triplicate

Trouble in Triplicate is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout, published by the Viking Press in 1949, and itself collected in the omnibus volume "All Aces" (Viking 1958). The book contains three stories that first appeared in "The American Magazine":
Each of the stories involves a character who is posing as someone else.

</doc>
<doc id="9723205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723205" title="Brandon Marsh">
Brandon Marsh

Brandon Marsh is an SSSI (Site of Special Scientific Interest) and nature reserve in Warwickshire, England. It is situated adjacent to the River Avon, near the village of Brandon, a few miles east of Coventry.
The reserve is also the headquarters of the Warwickshire Wildlife Trust. Formerly used for sand and gravel quarrying, the 92 hectare (228 acre) site is owned by French industrial company LaFarge Industries and is leased to the Trust.
Today, Brandon Marsh is a mixture of flooded gravel pits, fen, scrubland, reedbeds and woodland, much of which is uncommon habitat for the local area. The site is particularly important for birdlife, with a wide range of breeding and wintering birds—232 different species had been recorded up to the end of 2010. The reserve also supports a variety of mammals and insects, over 500 species of plant, and more than 560 species of fungi. The nature reserve and Visitor Centre are open to the public seven days a week.
History.
Although the landscape features of the site are mainly derived from gravel pits and settling pools alongside the River Avon, the area was originally farmland, and the first pools were created by mining subsidence in the 1940s and 1950s caused by workings at Binley Colliery. The site was of interest to local naturalists for its range of bird life, especially as by 1959 the area of open water was far larger than it is now, although much was lost when Severn Trent Water dredged it in 1963. Shortly afterwards the first official attempts at using the site for conservation purposes came when the West Midlands Trust for Nature Conservation, supported by the West Midland Bird Club began moves to secure the site as a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). The Brandon Marsh Conservation Group was formed in 1968, and by 1973 the site had been confirmed as an SSSI. In 1981, the Warwickshire Wildlife Trust (the successor to the West Midlands Trust) came to an agreement with Lafarge whereby the site is leased for a period of 99 years at a peppercorn amount of £1 a year, leading to the creation of the nature reserve. 
The first bird hides were constructed in 1984, overlooking the East Marsh and Teal Pools. Quarrying ceased in 1989, and by 1991 the Trust had moved their headquarters to the site and erected a small visitor centre.
As improvements to the reserve continued and visitor numbers grew, a requirement for a much improved infrastructure was identified, and in 1998 the new Visitor Centre at Brandon Marsh was opened by Sir David Attenborough. It cost over £600,000 to build and was mainly funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund, with support from Lafarge through the Landfill Tax Credit Scheme and an appeal to Trust members. The Centre is open to the public every day of the year except Christmas Day, and also houses an Education Centre catering for school visits, a conference centre, and a tearoom and gift shop.
Nature reserve.
The nature reserve itself is a large expanse of wetland and pools. There are a number of paths and trails for visitors to follow, and seven bird hides from which to observe the wildlife. The flora and fauna is extremely varied due to the numerous types of habitat, and includes many species that are otherwise rare in the area.
Large numbers of bird species are resident or passage migrants here, including many ducks, geese and waders. The wide range of species is mainly due to Brandon Marsh being one of the few extensive areas of water in the area (accounting for such local rarities as Osprey and Whooper Swan) together with the existence of habitats such as reedbed and woodland in close proximity. 148 different species were recorded during 2009 alone—including one new record, a vagrant Woodchat Shrike which was the first recorded in Warwickshire—and 66 species bred at the site. These figures have been assisted by a nest box scheme; in 2008 there were 49 occupied nest boxes which produced 270 fledged young, and by 2009 these numbers had increased to 65 and 352 respectively, including two owl species, Barn Owl and Tawny Owl.
As well as birds, the reserve also harbours a varied selection of mammals. These are mostly of common species, although otters have been recorded and evidence suggests they were present for the whole of 2009. An attempt is being made to establish the endangered Water Vole to the site, although success has been irregular and there were no sightings at all during 2008 or 2009. The reserve is a haven for dragonfly and damselfly with areas being tailored to their needs—16 species were recorded in 2008, along with 24 species of butterfly and 220 species of moth.
Plant life varies throughout the reserve depending on the habitat, and notable species are mentioned in the relevant sections. As the reserve develops, new species are being regularly recorded, including four in 2008 and three in 2009. The large number of fungus species recorded is also due to the diversity of habitat, but even so, species unknown elsewhere in the region have been recorded, such as "Taphrina pruni" and "Otidea bufonia".
Pools.
There are eight main pools in the reserve, some of which are maintained to support specific flora or fauna. At the centre of the reserve is East Marsh Pool, the largest of the pools, which contains two islands. Tern Island is composed of gravel and pebbles which attracts certain species to breed here, notably Common Tern and Little Ringed Plover. There are also a number of artificial rafts on the pool, again to induce Common Tern to breed; eight pairs did so in 2008. Willow Island is much larger and more grassy, providing suitable areas for Lapwing, Common Redshank and Green Sandpiper. The existence of the islands helps to prevent the nests of species such as these being predated by foxes. There are three hides overlooking the pool. An artificial structure alongside the pool is designed to attract Sand Martins to breed, as they did when the gravel quarry was operational; this was successful for the first time in 2009, with eight nestholes occupied and over 40 young fledged.
To the south lie Teal Pool and River Pool, created in 1983 when an earth dam was constructed between the two in order that Teal Pool retained water to provide habitat for dabbling duck species, which generally include Common Teal and Mallard. River Pool is a larger expanse of water popular with wading birds, especially Redshank and Greenshank.
Central Marsh and Pool is a diverse area where the main flora is Common Reed, Reed Sweetgrass, sedges, bulrushes and teasel. Willow trees are particularly important in this habitat as they have over 250 species of insect associated with them. Alder trees support birds such as Redpoll, Siskin and various tit species. Beyond Central Marsh lies West Marsh Pool, a small area of water surrounded by reedbed, where a number of dragonfly pools have been dug. Plants which thrive in damp areas, such as marsh marigold and meadowsweet, flourish here.
Adjacent to the visitor centre are three further pools. Grebe Pool is named for the Great Crested Grebes which regularly breed there, whereas Goose Pool was used by the aggregate company for water storage, and as such the water level is very variable due to its unstable base. Swallow Pool was so named because it was formerly a favourite roosting area for swallows, although this is no longer the case.
Reedbeds.
The main reedbed on the site is known as Newlands, an extensive area forming the eastern end of the reserve. Together with other areas in the West Marsh, the total area of reedbed is now around 25 hectares (61 acres). A wind-powered water pump is currently installed to lift water from the flood plain to irrigate a further 9 hectare (22 acre) area near the Visitor Centre. This project is part of the UK Biodiversity Action Plan which has targeted the creation of 1,200 hectare (3,000 acres) of reedbed nationwide. The reedbeds support a number of acrocephalid warblers such as the Reed Warbler, Sedge Warbler and Marsh Warbler as well as others such as Grasshopper Warbler, and it was the first recorded breeding site in the region for Cetti's Warbler. There is a long-term plan to have an endangered species, the Eurasian Bittern, breeding here by 2014 and regular sightings of the species have already occurred, with up to three individual birds being sighted during late 2009.
Other habitats.
New Hare Covert is woodland, mainly composed of oak, ash, larch and Scots Pine. The area is managed for biodiversity purposes and provides habitat for numerous mammals, including Muntjac, as well as woodland bird species. Between New Hare Covert and Swallow Pool there is also an area of grassland, which attracts numerous species of butterfly. The area also has a large population of small mammals such as Common Shrew, Field Vole and Bank Vole, which in turn attract birds of prey such as the Common Kestrel and Short-eared Owl.
Horsetail Glade, as the name suggests, is home to a large area of giant horsetails. There are numerous willow species, and Common spotted orchid grows here in the summer.
Threats.
Brandon Marsh has a very low risk of pollution and as such the main threat from man has been from vandalism; in 2007, a fire started by youths destroyed a third of the Newlands reedbed. This was the second time the reed bed had been targeted, the previous attack seven years earlier having occurred shortly after threats were made by animal rights activists protesting against a cull of Ruddy Duck.
Most of the current threats to the biodiversity of the site are natural in origin. A perennial problem is the invasive Japanese knotweed, which shades out local plant species with its dense growth. Removing it is time-consuming as the herbicide used to control it has to be injected straight into the root system, to prevent it reaching other flora. Alder trees are also at risk at the reserve, this time from a fungal disease caused by "Phytophthora alni". Being water-borne, this infection could spread to all the alders on the site. Another natural threat is that of the introduced Harlequin ladybird which was first identified at the site in June 2008 and is a severe threat to the native seven-spot ladybird population as it is such an effective aphid predator. Mink are occasional visitors to the reserve, although humane traps are used in an attempt to control them. Mink are a serious threat to ground-nesting birds, and since they are strong swimmers, the nests on the East Marsh islands are vulnerable to them.

</doc>
<doc id="9723213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723213" title="Super Coupe Roger Milla">
Super Coupe Roger Milla

The Super Coupe Roger Milla is a match competition in Cameroon football, played between the Cameroon Premiere Division champions and the Cameroon Cup winners.
Finals.
NB: in 2003 and 2004 Coton Sport FC won the league-and-cup double and apparently no Super Cup match was organised.

</doc>
<doc id="9723251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723251" title="Ashkenaz">
Ashkenaz

In the Hebrew Bible, Ashkenaz () was the first son of Gomer and brother of Riphath and Togarmah (, ). Gomer was the grandson of Noah through Japheth. Accordingly, Ashkenaz was a Japhetic descendant of Noah. 
According to , a kingdom of Ashkenaz was called together with Ararat and Minni against Babylon. The location of this kingdom, however, is not clear and is not mentioned again, nor is there any clear non-biblical reference to the kingdom. Ashkenaz is often identified with the Scythians and Sarmatians, due in part to the use of the name "Ashkuz" (Saka) for the Scythians in Assyrian Akkadian inscriptions. It may also refer to the Phrygians, who according to Homer's "Iliad" settled around Lake Ascania. The Assyrian Gimirri and Hebrew Gomer have likewise been associated with the Cimmerians.
Isaac Asimov has proposed that biblical Ashkenaz (אשכנז) arose from Ashkūz (אשכוז), i.e. the Scythians, by an old misreading of נ (nun) for ו (vav). 
According to the Encyclopaedia Biblica, "Ashkenaz must have been one of the migratory peoples which in the time of Esar-haddon, burst upon the northern provinces of Asia Minor, and upon Armenia. One branch of this great migration appears to have reached Lake Urumiyeh; for in the revolt which Esar-haddon chastised (i R 45, col. 2, 27 jf.), the Mannai, who lived to the SW of that lake, sought the help of Ispakai 'of the land of Asguza,' a name (originally perhaps Asgunza) which the scepticism of Dillmann need not hinder us from identifying with Ashkenaz, and from considering as that of a horde from the north, of Indo-Germanic origin, which settled on the south of Lake Urumiyeh. (See Schr. COT'I^gs; \Vi. GBA 269; ^7^6488491; similarly Friedr. Del., Sayce, Knudlzon.)"
Medieval Ashkenaz.
In rabbinic literature, the kingdom of Ashkenaz was first associated with the Scythian region, then later with the Slavic territories, and, from the 11th century onwards, with northern Europe and Germany. The region of Ashkenaz was centred on the Rhineland and the Palatinate (notably Worms and Speyer), in what is now the westernmost part of Germany. Its geographic extent did not coincide with the German Christian principalities of the time, and it included northern France. How the name of Ashkenaz came to be associated in the rabbinic literature with the Rhineland is a subject of speculation.
In the 10th century, a distinctive Jewish culture formed in Central Europe and came to be called "Ashkenazi", deriving its name from Ashkenaz. Although the region is no longer referred to by that name, Jews who follow traditions that originated in that culture are referred to as Ashkenazi Jews. Ashkenazi culture later spread into Eastern Europe and migrated to all parts of the world with the movement of Jews.
In rabbinic literature from the 11th century, Ashkenaz was considered the ruler of a kingdom in the North and of the Northern and Germanic people.
In Armenian tradition, Ashkenaz, along with Togarmah, was considered among the ancestors of the Armenians. Koriun, the earliest Armenian historian, calls the Armenians an "Askanazian (=Ashkenazi) nation". He starts the "Life of Mashtots" with these words: 
Later Armenian authors concur with this. Hovhannes Draskhanakerttsi (10th century) writes: 
Because of this tradition, "Askanaz" is a male given name still used today by Armenians.
Askenaz in "Royal genealogies" (1732).
The 1732 tome "Royal genealogies" by James Anderson reports a significant number of antiquarian or mythographic traditions regarding Askenaz as the first king of ancient Germany, in the following entry:
Bibliography.
J. Simons: The Geographical and Topographical Texts of the Old Testament. Leiden 1959, § 28.

</doc>
<doc id="9723255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723255" title="Out of the Dark (1989 film)">
Out of the Dark (1989 film)

Out of the Dark is an erotic comedy horror film released in 1989 starring Karen Witter. The film is notable for being Divine's last movie.
Plot.
"Suite Nothings" is a sleazy L.A. phone-sex hot-line voiced by failed models. Preying on them is Bobo, a psychotic killer who dresses in a clown costume. While the police try to uncover the clown's identity, the agency's models fall to Bobo's murderous rage.
Home Video Release.
"Out of the Dark" was released on VHS and Laserdisc in 1989 by RCA/Columbia Pictures home video. Sony Pictures released the film on a manufactured-on-demand DVD-R of the film on March 1, 2011. The film ran on FearNet in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9723292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723292" title="Phoenix Pharmahandel">
Phoenix Pharmahandel

PHOENIX Pharmahandel Aktiengesellschaft & Co KG (PHOENIX Group), headquartered in Mannheim, Baden-Wuertttemberg is the largest pharmaceutical wholesaler in Germany, and the second largest in Europe with about 20 distribution centers across the country delivering drugs to some 12,000 independent pharmacies. Its PHOENIX Documentation is an Internet-based archive offering detailed information on drugs, their components, indications, and effects. Formation of Holding company PHOENIX International Beteiligungs GmbH. Phoenix Group is majority owner of the pharmaceutical wholesalers Purus A.S. in the Czech Republic and Tamro in Finland. Phoenix Group itself is majority-owned by pharmaceutical conglomerate Merckle Group.
History.
The PHOENIX Pharmahandel Aktiengesellschaft & Co was founded from the German regional wholesalers F. Reichelt AG (Hamburg), Otto Stumpf GmbH (Berlin), Ferd. Schulze GmbH (Mannheim), Otto Stumpf AG (Nuremberg), and Hageda AG (Cologne) in early 1994. The newly established enterprise has achieved a market leading position in its home markets from day one. Only one year later in 1995, the company brand PHOENIX was established and a major strategy roll-out throughout Germany, Hungary, Italy and the Netherlands was initiated: During this process PHOENIX acquired majority shareholdings in the Hungarian pharma wholesaling company Parma Rt., the Northern Italian pharmaceutical wholesaler Comifar S.p.A., 60-per cent shareholding in the second-largest Dutch pharmaceutical wholesaler ACF Holding NV, based in Marsen near Amsterdam.
In 1996, the PHOENIX group already achieved a group-wide turnover exceeding EUR 10 billion for the first time in its history. Following this achievement further acquisitions in Italy, the Czech Republic and Hungary were completed to strengthen the market position. In addition new branches were established in Poland and France. Several different problems in Poland and Hungary triggered a country-exclusive restructuring process in 1997 and was accompanied with a 100% takeover of the Austrian company Hestag and the renaming of Schulze Pharma France in PHOENIX Pharma during the same year. The entry into the United Kingdom market occurred in 1998 with the establishment of 11 distribution centres, a wholesale network with almost nationwide coverage. PHOENIX GROUP also acquired the regional wholesalers L. Rowland & Co. and Philip Harris Medical to establish a PHOENIX presence in the UK, with the aim of establishing a third significant player in the pharmaceutical distribution industry, alongside AAH/Lloyds and Unichem/Moss. The Rowlands estate comprised approximately 70 pharmacies at this time (November 2011). In 2000, the number of employees across the group exceeds 10,000 for the first time and the company acquired the Finnish Tamro Group in April with a 33.7% stake. In the year 2002, PHOENIX Pharmahandel AG & Co KG merged with Ferd. Schulze GmbH Co., subsequently its number of employees across the group exceeded 15,000 for the first time with a group-wide turnover of more than EUR 15 billion. Two years later, PHOENIX received title to all shares of Tamro Corporation in May 2004 and subsequently acquired a 100% shareholding in Tamro: It was the largest acquisition in the history of PHOENIX successfully to date; Tamro was delisted from the Helsinki Stock Exchange in the same year. In 2006, the group-wide turnover exceeds EUR 20 billion for the first time.
In July 2011, the rating agency Standard & Poor’s upgraded PHOENIX’s rating from B+ to BB- with continuing positive outlook. In August, the rating agency Moody’s raised the outlook for PHOENIX from “stable” to “positive”. In October, the rating agency Fitch issued a rating for PHOENIX of “BB” with a “stable” outlook. In May 2013, PHOENIX group has issued a corporate bond with a volume of EUR 300 million (May). 

</doc>
<doc id="9723293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723293" title="Kikan">
Kikan

Kikan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9723294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723294" title="Cayman Islands FA Cup">
Cayman Islands FA Cup

The Cayman Islands FA Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Cayman Islands football. The cup was first known as the Schlitz Beer Cup and was donated by Jacques Scott. It was retired by Saprissa FC, the title holders from 1972-1974, and was renamed as the CIFA FA Cup. 

</doc>
<doc id="9723349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723349" title="Known World Players">
Known World Players

The Known World Players is a small theater troupe based out of Nashville, Tennessee. Officially founded in 2001 as an in-house troupe for the Drachenburg Renaissance Festival, the Known World Players (also known as KWP), began performing at other Renaissance Fairs around the country.
KWP focuses on stage combat and uses the Society of American Fight Directors style of choreography. Creative costuming and completely tailored shows have been a hallmark of KWP since its inception. Popular productions have included the Pirate/Shakespeare human chess match, and many iterations of fantasy shows involving a bevy of fairies, trolls, elves, goblins, and sprites.
In recent years, the troupe has shifted focus from Ren Faires to Science Fiction Conventions and Anime conventions.
Some past locations of shows by KWP include:

</doc>
<doc id="9723352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723352" title="List of United States Senators in the 92nd Congress by seniority">
List of United States Senators in the 92nd Congress by seniority

This is a classification of United States Senators by seniority from during the 92nd Congress, January 3, 1971 to January 3, 1973.
Order of service is based on the commencement of the senator's first term. Behind this is former service as a senator (only giving the Senator seniority within his or her new incoming class), service as Vice President, a House member, a Cabinet secretary, or a governor of a state. The final factor is the population of the senator's state.
Senators who were sworn in in the middle of the two-year congressional term (up until the last senator who was not sworn in early after winning the November 1972 election) are listed at the end of the list with no number.

</doc>
<doc id="9723391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723391" title="JFF Champions Cup">
JFF Champions Cup

The JFF Champions Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Jamaica football.
2012-13 JFF Champions Cup

</doc>
<doc id="9723400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723400" title="Cataract Falls (Indiana)">
Cataract Falls (Indiana)

Cataract Falls is a waterfall located in northern Owen County in the west central part of the U.S. state of Indiana. The largest waterfall by volume and by height, (combined height of both upper and lower falls), in the state, it is part of the Lieber State Recreation Area.
Cataract Falls consists of two sets of waterfalls on Mill Creek separated by about . Both falls consist of a series of drops. The total height of the Upper Falls is approximately , while that of the Lower Falls is about .
Immediately downstream of the Lower Falls, Mill Creek enters the southern end of Cagles Mill Lake, near the towns of Cunot and Cataract. The falls are just off State Road 42 and close to State Road 243.

</doc>
<doc id="9723402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723402" title="High Bridge (Appomattox River)">
High Bridge (Appomattox River)

High Bridge is a historic former railroad bridge across the Appomattox River valley about east, or downstream, of the town of Farmville in Prince Edward County, Virginia. The bridge was originally integral to the Southside Railroad between Petersburg and Lynchburg.
As the site of the Battle of High Bridge in April 1865, the bridge played a pivotal role in Lee's retreat in the final days of the American Civil War – and ultimately the war's outcome. 
Rebuilt after the Civil War to its former dimensions, the 21-span structure was long at a maximum height of above the Appomattox River Valley – though is currently unusable for traffic. By 2005 its then-owner, Norfolk Southern, had abandoned the corridor, subsequently giving 33 miles of the line to the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR). High Bridge opened to the public on April 6, 2012, the 147th anniversary of the Battle of High Bridge. 
The remains of the bridge and its adjacent rail line are currently under development as a rail trail park, High Bridge Trail State Park, with a completed trail open to hiking, biking and horse back riding for 16 miles on either side of the former bridge.
Design and construction.
In the 1850s, the Southside Railroad built a rail line between Petersburg and Lynchburg, passing through Farmville between Burkeville and Pamplin City. The route, subsidized by a contribution from Farmville, required an expensive crossing of the Appomattox River valley, at a site near property known as Overton farm.
The site was surveyed and the bridge engineered by C.O. Sanford, who later reported to the stockholders of the Southside Railroad: "there have been higher bridges not so long, and longer bridges not so high, but taking the length and height together, this is, perhaps the largest bridge in the world." 
The High Bridge's twenty piers contained almost four million bricks, and supported a wooden superstructure with a pedestrian walkway beside the rail line – along with an adjacent wagon bridge (known also as the lower wagon bridge) — which would ultimately play a pivotal role in the outcome of the Civil War. The bridge itself was completed in 1852 and the full line was completed in 1854.
American Civil War.
The Southside Railroad was heavily damaged during the American Civil War. The High Bridge played a key role during Confederate General Robert E. Lee's final retreat from Petersburg in the last days of the War. The Battle of High Bridge took place there on April 6–7, 1865. Fleeing the Union troops, the Confederates set the bridge afire after crossing it, but failed to destroy it. Union troops were able to use it and continued the chase, which ended several days later at Appomattox Courthouse, where Lee's surrender to Union General Ulysses S. Grant took place on April 9, 1865.
Post-bellum, AM&O, N&W.
After the Civil War, under the leadership of former Confederate General William "Billy" Mahone, the Southside Railroad was rebuilt, including 21 new Fink deck truss spans on the High Bridge erected in 1869. In 1870, the Southside Railroad was combined with the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad and the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad to form Mahone's Atlantic, Mississippi and Ohio Railroad (AM&O), which stretched 400 miles across the southern tier of Virginia from Norfolk on Hampton Roads to Bristol. After the Financial Panic of 1873, the AM&O fell into default on its debt, and was purchased in the early 1880s by new owners who renamed it the Norfolk and Western (N&W). N&W replaced the High Bridge's Fink truss spans in 1886 with minimal interruption of rail traffic, one span at a time, first suspending a new Pratt deck truss from traveling wooden falsework and then removing the old truss. In 1982, N&W became part of the current Norfolk Southern Railway system.
Abandonment by railroad and future use.
Partially due to the high cost of maintaining the High Bridge over the Appomattox River valley, Norfolk Southern downgraded and eventually abandoned the line through Farmville in favor of the "Low-grade Line" between Burkeville and Pamplin. The low-grade line, completed in 1916, contained more favorable grades for westbound trains. The Southside Railroad had originally envisioned using the low-grade route until persuaded by the citizens of Farmville, Virginia to bring the line through their town. 
Following 2006 discussions to turn the High Bridge into a portion of a rail trail or part of a linear state park, the rail land and bridge have since been donated to the State of Virginia and have become the High Bridge Trail State Park. The renovated bridge opened April 6, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9723407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723407" title="Mary Coulshed">
Mary Coulshed

Brigadier Dame Mary Frances Coulshed, DBE, TD (10 November 1904 – 1998) was a British Army officer who served as Director of the Women's Royal Army Corps (WRAC).
She was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) for her services to the British Army and the WRAC in the 1953 Coronation Honours.
She died unmarried in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="9723408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723408" title="Eugenio Caballero">
Eugenio Caballero

Eugenio Caballero is a Mexican production designer who won an Oscar for Best Achievement in Art Direction with Spanish film set decorator Pilar Revuelta in 2007 for the film Pans Labyrinth (2006).
Caballero was born Mexico City, Mexico in 1972 and studied art and cinema history at the University of Florence between 1989 and 1991. Upon his return to Mexico he worked at the National Institute of Beau Arts and the Latin-American University. Caballero has been a production designer and art director for advertising and music videos; amongst his better known collaborations is his work with Café Tacuva. Caballero is considered a student of the German production designer Brigitte Broch, a resident in Mexico for many years who won an Oscar for the art direction of Moulin Rouge!. 
His debut in film occurred in Romeo and Juliet by Baz Luhrmann in 1996. 
He has worked as an art director and production designer in Serious Assassin by Antonio Urrutia, About the Living by Jorge Aguilera, Zurdo by Carlos Salces, Santitos by Alexander Springall (1997) and Crónicas by Sebastián Cordero (2004). In 2006 before winning his academy award he worked as a production designer in the film with Russell Mulcahy. 

</doc>
<doc id="9723450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723450" title="Pilar Revuelta">
Pilar Revuelta

Pilar Revuelta is a Spanish film set decorator and art director based in Madrid who won an Oscar for Best Achievement in Art Direction with Eugenio Caballero for the movie Pan's Labyrinth.
As a set decorator she helped Pedro Almodóvar achieve his trademark vivid color schemes in the movie Bad Education (2004) and also worked with Juan Carlos Fresnadillo on his acclaimed first feature Intacto (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="9723458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723458" title="Kalmanson combinatorial conditions">
Kalmanson combinatorial conditions

In mathematics, the Kalmanson combinatorial conditions are a set of conditions on the distance matrix used in determining the solvability of the traveling salesman problem. These conditions apply to a special kind of cost matrix, the Kalmanson matrix, and are named after Kenneth Kalmanson.

</doc>
<doc id="9723461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723461" title="Octagon Centre">
Octagon Centre

The Octagon Centre, built in 1983, is a multi-purpose conference centre and music venue at the University of Sheffield, England. Situated in the Western Bank campus, it is joined by a skyway to University House and comprises an eight-sided auditorium with a capacity of 1600 (1250 seated), offices, meeting rooms, and a lounge with bar and patio.
The Octagon is used for a variety of purposes, including examinations, lectures, graduation ceremonies, conferences, music concerts and club nights.
History.
In 1958 the University Grants Committee agreed to allocate a sum of £175,000 for the construction of a new oval shaped theatre, which would have been built next to University House and was predicted to be completed for 1965. By early 1963, the funding was revoked because a theatre building was no longer considered a priority for the university given other pressures arising from construction underway at the time. Eventually, the Drama Studio opened on a nearby site in 1970, which was considered something of a compromise.
The university was later offered the empty premises of J. G. Graves Ltd, opposite the Western Bank building. Despite initial plans to convert it for use by the Biology department, the building was demolished. The site was used as the Clarkson Street car park until the Octagon Centre construction began in 1982.
By 1981 the university had made plans to build a new venue at a cost of £1.75 million, which was considered to be inappropriate expenditure at a time of tight funding. The plans were criticsed by the Association of University Teachers and the local press at the time. The building was initially planned as an extension to the student's union, but due to the financial stake provided by the university an arrangement was made to share the use of the building between the union and the university, in exchange for student union control of parts of University House.
The building was opened in 1983 under the management of Stephen Ware and contributed to Sheffield being listed as one of the top ten conference towns in the UK by "Conference Britain" in 1985. The SDP held a conference there in 1988 and degree congregations moved there from Sheffield City Hall in 1984.
Architecture.
The Octagon Centre consists of a main auditorium known as the Convocation Hall to the north, with offices and meeting rooms in corridors across two floors at a lower elevation on the southern side of the building. There is also a bar lounge on the south side of the hall (at the hall's elevation); all of these areas are connected by a foyer entrance block. The Convocation Hall has a diameter of approximately 32 m on the East-West axis, covers an area of 870 m2 and has a capacity of 1250 seated or 1600 standing. The building is connected to University House by a footbridge, offering access to University House's catering facilities.
The centre offers five meeting rooms to clients with the following outline capacities:
Events.
The Octagon Centre has hosted live music concerts from a number of notable bands as part of the touring music circuit in the UK, such as Nirvana on 28 November 1991. The Students' Union hosts weekly nightclub and live music events in the Octagon. In 2006 Eddie Izzard received an honorary doctorate in Letters at a graduation ceremony in the Octagon Centre.
Transport.
Road.
The Octagon Centre is situated on the A57 near its western intersection with the A61, junction 6 of the Sheffield Inner Ring Road. Access from the north and north-east of the country is provided by the M1 and M18, with routes from the south served by the M1 and A61. Access from the west is served by the A57 Snake Pass, alternatively using the A628 Woodhead pass in poor winter weather conditions. Although there are a number of car parking spaces around the university, car parking can often be limited, so the university recommend using park and ride services or planning car parking in advance.
Bus.
A number of bus routes serve the area around the university, with routes H1, 30, 30A, 51, 52 70, 120, 123, 272, 273, 274, 275 and 505 serving the nearest stops to the Octagon Centre.
Tram.
The Octagon Centre is a short walk from the University of Sheffield Supertram stop, which is served by the Blue and Yellow lines to destinations including Sheffield station, Hillsborough, Malin Bridge, Halfway and Meadowhall.
Rail.
The nearest rail station is Sheffield station, connecting it to local destinations via Northern Rail and First TransPennine Express services, with intercity services provided by East Midlands Trains and CrossCountry. Sheffield station is just over 2 hours away from London St Pancras and 1 hour from Leeds, Manchester and Nottingham. There is a direct connection to the Supertram network at the station via an overbridge, which allows onward travel to the Octagon Centre via the University of Sheffield tram stop.
Air.
The nearest international airport is Doncaster, approximately 30 minutes away by car. Other nearby international airports include Manchester, Leeds/Bradford and East Midlands Airport. Manchester has a direct rail link to Sheffield and London Heathrow and London Gatwick are connected to Sheffield by rail with one change of train, approximately 4 hours away.

</doc>
<doc id="9723472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723472" title="Wildwood Elementary School">
Wildwood Elementary School

Wildwood Elementary School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9723484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723484" title="John A. Buehrens">
John A. Buehrens

Rev. John A. Buehrens (born 1947) is a Unitarian Universalist minister and author, and served as the sixth president of the Unitarian Universalist Association from 1993 to 2001. Rev. Buehrens then served as minister of First Parish in Needham, Massachusetts, 2002-12. He is currently Interim Minister of the UU Church of the Monterey Peninsula in Carmel, California. Ordained in 1973, he subsequently served congregations in Tennessee, Texas, and New York City. He is a graduate of Harvard College and Harvard Divinity School. He has been married since 1972 to the Rev. Gwen Langdoc Buehrens, a priest in the Episcopal Church. 
Bibliography.
Buehrens's published writings include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="9723509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723509" title="Shen Jie (Fengshen Yanyi)">
Shen Jie (Fengshen Yanyi)

Shen Jie (Chinese: 申杰); Pinyin: Shēn Jíe) a minor character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel "Investiture of the Gods".
Shen Jie is the owner of a certain inn that neighbors Phoenix City, the homeland of Ji Chang. For over five generations Shen Jie has supported this inn. Once Ji Chang had entered this small inn and asked for food, Shen Jie would realize his position and feed him to his heart's content. In an act of kindness, Shen Jie would escort Ji Chang back to his homeland on horse, while Ji Chang would use a donkey. Following Ji Chang's return, Shen Jie would continue to support him to his greatest extent, and would enjoy great feasting with Ji Chang's fellow people.
Following this point, Shen Jie would head back to his old inn with his son, Ho, and continue to enjoy the ways of simplicity.

</doc>
<doc id="9723515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723515" title="Cojedes River">
Cojedes River

The Cojedes River (Spanish "Rio Cojedes") is a tributary of the Orinoco River in central Venezuela. The Cojedes originates in Lara state, and flows southeast through a gap between the Cordillera de Mérida and the Cordillera de la Costa and across the Llanos grasslands of the Orinoco Basin to empty into the Apure River, which flows east to join the Orinoco. The river drains portions of the states of Lara, Yaracuy, Portuguesa, Cojedes, Barinas, and Guárico.
This river maintains the main Orinoco crocodile ("Crocodylus intermedius") population in Venezuela and therefore of the entire world. In the near future, sections of this river will be declared as wildlife reserve to protect the nesting sites of this species, classified as critically endangered.
As part of the Orinoco crocodile Conservation Program in Venezuela, between the years 2005 and 2007, have been reintroduced in the Cojedes river, 361 young crocodiles breed in captivity during at least one year, in order to increase their survival probabilities.
As in many other Venezuelan localities, the release of captive bred Orinoco crocodiles in the Cojedes river is intended to reinforce in the long term the reproductive populations of this species.

</doc>
<doc id="9723570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723570" title="VFC-111">
VFC-111

Fighter Squadron Composite 111 (VFC-111) "Sun Downers" is a US Navy Reserve adversary squadron based at Naval Air Station Key West, Florida (USA). Currently, it operates 18 Northrop F-5N/F Tiger-IIs, of which 17 are single-seater F-5Ns and the remainder being a twin-seater F-5F, which was dubbed "FrankenTiger" and is one of only three in service with the Navy, being a product of grafting the older front half fuselage of the F-5Fs into the back half fuselage of the newer low-hours F-5Es acquired from the Swiss Air Force.
History.
VFC-111 was originally known as Fighter Composite Squadron 13 (VFC-13) Detachment Key West, which was established in January 2006. VFC-13 Det Key West was redesignated as VFC-111 in November 2006.
VFC-111 assumed its 'Sun Downer' insignia, callsign, and traditions from the VF-111 Sun Downers, a famous U.S. Navy fighter squadron, that was disestablished as a fleet F-14 Tomcat squadron at then-NAS Miramar, CA in 1995. Officially, in contrast with the U.S. Air Force, the U.S. Navy does not recognize a direct lineage with disestablished squadrons.
Mission.
The Sun Downers operate as part of the U.S. Navy Reserve's fleet adversary program, providing dissimilar air combat training to fleet strike fighter and Marine fighter attack squadrons, as well as U.S. Air Force, Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard fighter squadrons. 
Ostensibly assigned to the Navy Reserve's Tactical Support Wing, VFC-111 is actually an Active-Reserve Integration (ARI) unit composed of both Regular Navy and Navy Reserve personnel. In this capacity, it has assumed the adversary role of a since deactivated active duty squadron at NAS Key West known as Fighter Squadron 45 (VF-45). VFC-111's unique location at NAS Key West, Florida, home of the Navy's Strike Fighter Air Readiness Program (SFARP), eliminates costly adversary detachments and also provides a significant portion of adversary support to all F/A-18 Fleet Replacement Squadrons (FRS) in the Navy and Marine Corps, i.e., Strike Fighter Squadron 106 (VFA-106) at NAS Oceana, VA; Strike Fighter Squadron 122 (VFA-122) at NAS Lemoore, CA; Marine Fighter Attack Training Squadron 101 (VMFAT-101) at MCAS Miramar, CA; and more recently with Electronic Attack Squadron 129 VAQ-129 at NAS Whidbey Island, WA following that squadron's stand-up of EA-18G Growler training.

</doc>
<doc id="9723592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723592" title="Shikahogh State Preserve">
Shikahogh State Preserve

Shikahogh State Preserve is Armenia’s second largest forest reserve, covering some 100 km² (25,000 acres) of land, and located in southern Armenia in the Syunik Province. Environmentalists have said it has been largely unaffected by Armenia’s massive post-Soviet deforestation due to its remote location and care shown by residents of nearby villages.
The “Shikahogh” reserve is habitat for about 1,100 species of plants, 70 of which have been registered in the Red Book of Armenia and 18 in the Red Book of the Soviet Union. The fauna of Shikahogh has not been fully explored, but studies have already revealed rare species of animals such as leopard, bezoar, bear, snowcock, viper, and hedgehog.
Highway controversy.
Shikahogh is the only place where the forest remains intact. It is home to unique species considered to be the wealth of not only Armenia but the whole world as well.
According to Social-Ecological Association Chairwoman Srbuhi Harutyunyan, trees in Mtnadzor were not logged only because they were beyond reach, but in this case the Mtnadzor forests are facing the threat of logging.
“Countries lacking in natural raw materials are eyeing our natural raw materials, and this is the only preserved unique forest, which is very dense and very useful and one can prepare various things from the raw material available here,” says Artemis Lepejyan, the Chairwoman of the Saint Sandukht Women’s Union. “The whole policy consists in the fact that they are ready to spend millions on this road, because they will make billions on it.” 

</doc>
<doc id="9723602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723602" title="Barbados FA Cup">
Barbados FA Cup

The Barbados FA Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Barbado football.

</doc>
<doc id="9723609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723609" title="Firas Bushnaq">
Firas Bushnaq

Firas Bushnaq, a serial entrepreneur, co-founded eEye Digital Security in 1997 and currently serves as the company's Executive Chairman. He previously served as chief executive officer and chief technology officer. Mr. Bushnaq's founding of eEye continued a successful run of startups, listed below. 
Mr. Bushnaq was a contributing author to "Inside the Minds: Security Matters", which discusses strategic approaches for establishing, protecting and ensuring security. 
Mr. Bushnaq has a BS in Computer Science and a Masters in Software Engineering from National University in Los Angeles. 
Current Position.
Mr. Bushnaq left his position as CEO and CTO of eEye in June 2006 to start Boxador Inc. an internet startup incubator. 

</doc>
<doc id="9723616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723616" title="Therrell High School">
Therrell High School

Daniel McLaughlin Therrell High School is a public high school located near I-285 and Greenbriar Mall in southwest Atlanta, Georgia.
Three schools operate at the Therrell campus:
Alma mater.
The school's alma mater, performed only at graduation and during anniversary celebrations, was composed in the early days of Therrell High School.
Hail to thee, dear Therrell High;
Black and red we wear with pride.
Hail to thee, dear Panther Crew;
Honor and respect to you.
We're believing and achieving,
Striving hard to reach the top.
WE will praise thee forever more!
Therrell High, we do love you so.
Fight song.
Therrell High School Panthers to the top, to the top.
Oh lift your voices high and let your banners fly
Our Therrell spirit will never die
Fight, Fight, Fight
Therrell High School Panthers never stop, never stop
Oh we will fight, fight, fight to victory
Hear our battle cry -
Fight
Athletics.
The Therrell High School Panthers compete in region 5-AAA classification. The Therrell Lady Panthers track and field team captured its first AAA state championship since 1989 in 2007.
Notable alumni.
Therrell High School has an active alumni -- D.M. Therrell High School Alumni Association, Incorporated established in April 2010. The D.M. Therrell High School Alumni Scholarship Fund was also established in April 2010. The alumni's annual weekend is the main fundraiser of the organization with the first being held October 15–17, 2010. http://www.therrellhighalumni.com
Shooting.
On May 13, 2014, a shooting took place near the school. Five students were shot, all of whom have been hospitalized and all of whom were believed to be Therrell students.

</doc>
<doc id="9723633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723633" title="Dennis Overbye">
Dennis Overbye

Dennis Overbye (born June 2, 1944 in Seattle, Washington) is a science writer specializing in physics and cosmology.
Biography.
Overbye received his B.S. in physics from M.I.T.—where he was a member of the Alpha Mu chapter of Phi Kappa Sigma—in 1966. He started work towards a master's degree in astronomy from U.C.L.A. in 1970.
Overbye started his career by working as a scientist for Boeing and then other companies. In 1976 he became assistant editor at Sky and Telescope magazine. From 1976 to 1980 he was a senior editor at "Discover" Magazine. Subsequently he embarked on a freelance career, during which time he published articles in "Time", "Science", "The Los Angeles Times", and "The New York Times", among other publications.
He has written two books: "Lonely Hearts of the Cosmos", about scientists and their quest to understand the universe, and "Einstein in Love", dealing with Albert Einstein's youth and the controversy surrounding the degree to which Einstein's first wife, Mileva Marić, contributed to the theory of relativity. He joined the staff of "The New York Times" in 1998 as deputy science editor, then switched to full-time writing. In 2014 he was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for explanatory reporting. 
Overbye lives in New York City with his wife, Nancy Wartik, their daughter Mira Overbye and two cats.

</doc>
<doc id="9723668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723668" title="Amorphous metal transformer">
Amorphous metal transformer

An amorphous metal transformer (AMT) is a type of energy efficient transformer found on electric grids. The magnetic core of this transformer is made with a ferromagnetic amorphous metal.
The typical material (Metglas) is an alloy of iron with boron, silicon, and phosphorus in the form of thin (e.g. 25 µm) foils. These materials have high magnetic susceptibility, very low coercivity and high electrical resistance. 
The high resistance and thin foils lead to low losses by eddy currents when subjected to alternating magnetic fields. On the downside amorphous alloys have a lower saturation induction and often a higher magnetostriction compared to conventional crystalline iron-silicon electrical steel . 
In a transformer the no load loss is dominated by the core loss. With an amorphous core, this can be 70–80% lower than with traditional crystalline materials.
The loss under heavy load is dominated by the resistance of the copper windings and thus called copper loss. Here the lower saturation magnetization of amorphous cores tend to result in a lower efficiency at full load. Using more copper and core material it is possible to compensate for this. So high efficiency AMTs can be more efficient at low 
and high load, though at a larger size. The more expensive amorphous core material, the more difficult handling and the need for more copper windings make an AMT more expensive than a traditional transformer.
The main application of AMTs are the grid distribution transformers rated at about 50-1000 kVA. These transformers typically run 24 hours a day and at a low load factor (average load divided by nominal load). The no load loss of these transforms makes up a significant part of the loss of the whole distribution net. Amorphous iron is also used in specialized electric motors that operate at high frequencies of perhaps 350 Hz or more.
More efficient transformers lead to a reduction of generation requirement and, when using electric power generated from fossil fuels, less CO2 emissions It has been widely adopted by large developing countries such as China and India where energy conservation and CO2 emission reduction have been put on priority. These two countries can potentially save 25–30 TWh electricity annually, eliminate 6-8 GW generation investment, and reduce 20–30 million tons of CO2 emission by fully utilizing this technology.
As one of the major programs to improve grid efficiency, China has started to install amorphous metal transformers in a number of energy intensive provinces since 2005. Over 20,000 MVA of such transformers are installed every year. This movement has also led to the successful development and production of amorphous metal ribbon in China.

</doc>
<doc id="9723670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723670" title="Interurban Trail (King County)">
Interurban Trail (King County)

The Interurban Trail South is a rail trail in King and Pierce counties, Washington. The interurban trail North is a bicycle route running from Downtown Seattle through Shoreline, WA and to the Snohomish County, Washington line. 
The Interurban Trail South is a partially paved recreational trail open for non-motorized use. It connects Tukwila to Pacific, and the towns of Kent, Auburn, and Algona along the way. Additionally, the Cities of Edgewood and Milton have completed and opened paved segments of the Interurban trail that are not yet connected to the main segment from Tukwila to Pacific, and the City of Fife has a short segment now under construction. When planned construction is completed to close the gaps in Pacific, Edgewood, and Milton, the trail will extend from Tukwila to Fife.
The trail occupies an abandoned Puget Sound Electric Railway corridor and connects to the Green River Trail.
In addition to the main line of the Interurban trail between Tukwila and Fife the Interurban Trail will connect to the planned northerly extension of the Foothills Trail through Puyallup and Sumner. When that connection is completed, a continuous trail will extend south through Pacific, across the county line into Sumner and Puyallup where it will connect with the existing Pierce County Foothills Trail to South Prairie and the planned extension of the Foothills trail to Buckley and Enumclaw.
The Interurban Trail North begins as a signed bicycle route in downtown Seattle running through the Fremont neighborhood, through Phinney Ridge and Greenwood, to 110th and Fremont where it becomes a paved rail trail until 128th and Linden where it will become a cycletrack to the City of Shoreline Border. At the City of Shoreline the route becomes a wide non-motorized route for 3 miles until the Snohomish County line.

</doc>
<doc id="9723672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723672" title="Glenn S. Anderson">
Glenn S. Anderson

Glenn S. Anderson (born February 8, 1954) is a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan. He is a Democratic member of the Michigan Senate, representing the 6th District since 2007 and currently serving as the Assistant Minority Floor Leader. His district includes Garden City, Livonia, Redford Township, and Westland. Previously he was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 2001 to 2006. In the 2012 election, Anderson challenged U.S. House of Representatives member John Conyers in a primary election, after Conyers lost part of his district to redistricting after the 2010 U.S. Census.
Anderson lives in Westland with his wife Gail, where they have lived for almost 30 years. They have two adult children, Melissa and Kyle, and two grandchildren, Mackenzie and Logan.
Political career.
Before entering public service, Anderson was employed by Ford Motor Company and has been a member of the UAW since 1972. He has also been a licensed Realtor since 1979. Prior to his election to the Senate, Anderson represented Michigan’s 18th District in the Michigan House of Representatives for six years. Before beginning his tenure in the legislature, Anderson served as Councilman for the City of Westland for nine years.
Over the years Senator Anderson has been active in a number of local organizations including the Churchill High School PTA, Western Wayne NAACP, Westland Jaycees, Goodfellows, Rouge River Rescue, and Westland Hockey Association. Anderson was chosen as “Legislator of the Year” by the Michigan Association of Chiefs of Police and has been recognized by numerous organizations for his legislative work including the Michigan Association of School Psychologists, and the Michigan Municipal League. Anderson is also an alumnus of the National Conference of State Legislator’s BILLD and Toll Fellowships.

</doc>
<doc id="9723674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723674" title="Hicks Building">
Hicks Building

The Hicks Building is a building in the city of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, part of the University of Sheffield. It is named in honour after William Mitchinson Hicks.
The building houses the departments of Physics and Astronomy, the Chemistry and Physics Workshop (formally known as the Central Mechanical Workshops) and the School of Mathematics and Statistics, which comprises the departments of Probability and Statistics, Applied Mathematics and Pure Mathematics.
It is in three sections: a taller building, with a roof height of around , clad in red-brick; a shorter, fully linked section which is only around tall, clad in blue tiles and glass; and a section facing the University Concourse, around tall, clad in blue, following a re-paint in 2010. It was built in the 1950s, but was reclad to give it a more modern appearance and because the old cladding was in a poor state of repair. The smaller section was also reclad, in 2006.
The building has long been one of the city's taller buildings, and has dominated the site to the south of Western Bank (the Arts Tower, Sheffield's second tallest building, is on the northern side, though closer to Bolsover Street) until the completion of the shorter, copper-clad Information Commons, adjacent to Upper Hanover Street.

</doc>
<doc id="9723713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723713" title="Grand Bahama FA Cup">
Grand Bahama FA Cup

The Grand Bahama FA Cup is the top knockout tournament of the Grand Bahama, Bahamas football.
Winners.
Winners were: 

</doc>
<doc id="9723733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723733" title="Bonaventure (provincial electoral district)">
Bonaventure (provincial electoral district)

Bonaventure is a provincial electoral district in the Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine region of Quebec, Canada that elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It is located on the southern shore of the Gaspé Peninsula and encompasses several towns along the Baie des Chaleurs and the New Brunswick border.
It was originally created for the 1867 election (and an electoral district of that name existed earlier in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada and the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada).
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, it gained Chandler from Gaspé electoral district.
Linguistic demographics.
[http://www.electionsquebec.qc.ca/documents/pdf/dossier-socio-economique/2011/713.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="9723766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723766" title="South Australian Railways 620 class">
South Australian Railways 620 class

The South Australian Railways 620 class is a class of 10 4-6-2 Pacific steam locomotives built in the late 1930s, designed to operate on lightly laid 60-pound lines.
Development of the 620 class.
The completion of the South Australian Railways (SAR) broad gauge route between Adelaide and Port Pirie created a need for a fast, light passenger locomotive to haul this service, as well as other traffic on the lightly laid 60-lb (29.8 kg/m) rail branch lines of the SAR. The specification included the ability to haul a train up a 1-in-45 (2.2%) grade at .
Mr P.J. Shea, Chief Mechanical Engineer of the SAR designed a 140 ton Pacific type. A notable feature of the design, unique to South Australian Railways, was the use of Baker valve gear in lieu of the more common Walschaerts valve gear. The first locomotive (620) was completed at the SAR workshops at the Islington Workshops in 1936, with the tenth and final locomotive of the class (629) completed in 1938.
Class leader No. 620 was also notable for being Australia's first streamlined locomotive, the smokebox being covered with a chromed steel grille similar to those fitted to motor cars of the period, and painted Hawthorn green with yellow stripes. The press of the time described 620's appearance as 'a bit of fluff'. The remainder of the class were unstreamlined.
In service, the 620 class replaced the Q and S 4-4-0 types on branchline services, where they proved quite successful. With the introduction of the more powerful and modern 520 class from 1943, these locomotives were relegated to the Willunga, Bridgewater and Tailem Bend passenger services, as well as continued service on Mallee line services (the locomotives light axle loading providing good route ability plus the "get up and go" characteristics common to large wheeled Pacific type locomotives.
The 620 class was phased out in favour of Bluebird Railcars, although a spate of railcar failures in 1954–55 saw the 620 class return to service on the Port Pirie line.
In 1994, the 'Duke of Edinburgh' steam locomotive number 621 ran a one-off special steam hauled tour into Victoria just before the Melbourne to Adelaide mainline was converted from broad gauge rail line to a standard gauge track. This was the first ever time a South Australian Railways steam locomotive had ever worked east into Victoria and with the gauge conversion imminent the tour would also be the last. The train travelled as far east as Bacchus Marsh in Victoria, due to the locomotive being too wide for the stations situated along the Melbourne suburban railway system. The locomotive combined with Victorian Railways R Class Steam locomotive 761 for the majority of the tour from Wolseley in South Australia to Bacchus Marsh in Victoria.
All but two of the locomotives were scrapped by 1969. One is preserved in working condition by SteamRanger (621) with the second (624) held in the National Railway Museum (Port Adelaide).

</doc>
<doc id="9723780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723780" title="SNS Bank">
SNS Bank

SNS Bank is a Dutch retail bank offering financial products to both companies and individuals. It became a subsidiary of SNS Reaal since 1997 when the holding company bought insurance company Reaal. The bank and its parent was rescued by the Dutch government in 2013 and has been state owned since then.
History.
The history of the bank goes back to 1817 when the first Netherlands savings bank () was established as "Nutsspaarbank". The saving bank movement was part of a campaign to encourage individual citizens to safe for their future. The Savings banks used these funds to provide mortgages to individuals who would otherwise not have the ability to buy their own house, much like the building society movement in the UK. During the 19th and 20th century a number of spaarbanks were established throughout the Netherlands. 
The second half of the 20th century saw a big consolidation of spaarbanks resulting in two major groups, one was SBS Bank and other was VSB (Verenigde Spaarbank) () which became part of Fortis (finance). SNS Bank was formed out of a merger of several savings banks in the Netherlands. SNS is an abbreviation of "Samenwerkende Nederlandse Spaarbanken" (“Co-operating Dutch Savings banks”). 
The parent holding company listed on the Euronext stock exchange in Amsterdam on May 18, 2006 and the following year it bought all shares in major Dutch insurance provider Reaal. 
On December 4, 2006, it was announced that SNS Bank would purchase "Regio Bank" from ING Bank in a €50M deal.
On February 1, 2013 the bank and its parent was nationalized by the Dutch government to rescue it from failure.

</doc>
<doc id="9723799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723799" title="Legacy Tower">
Legacy Tower

The Legacy at Millennium Park is a 72 story skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois, United States, located along S. Wabash Avenue, near E. Monroe Street.
The slender residential tower and mixed-use podium, designed by the architectural firm Solomon, Cordwell, Buenz, contains 360 luxury condominium units as well as providing 460 parking spaces. Additionally the building includes . (3,809 square meter) of classroom space for the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in the lower floors, athletic facilities for the University Club, a sky-bridge between the University Club and the building podium, and private amenities for tower residents including an athletics and aquatic center as well as residential lounges located throughout the tower. The building preserves the historic masonry and terracotta facades of the Chicago Landmark Jewelers Row District along Wabash Avenue.
The building's narrow design is intended to maximize vantage points to the Lake Michigan and Millennium Park from all residences in the tower.

</doc>
<doc id="9723822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723822" title="1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ⋯">
1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ⋯

The sum of all natural numbers 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + · · · is a divergent series. The "n"th partial sum of the series is the triangular number
which increases without bound as "n" goes to infinity. Because the sequence of partial sums fails to converge to a finite limit, the series is divergent, and it does not have a sum in reality.
Although the series seems at first sight not to have any meaningful value at all, it can be manipulated to yield a number of mathematically interesting results, some of which have applications in other fields such as complex analysis, quantum field theory and string theory. Many summation methods are used in mathematics to assign numerical values even to a divergent series. In particular, the methods of zeta function regularization and Ramanujan summation assign the series a value of −1/12, which is expressed by a famous formula:
In a monograph on moonshine theory, Terry Gannon calls this equation "one of the most remarkable formulae in science".
Partial sums.
The partial sums of the series 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 + ⋯ are 1, 3, 6, 10, 15, etc. The "n"th partial sum is given by a simple formula:
This equation was known to the Pythagoreans as early as the sixth century B.C.E. Numbers of this form are called triangular numbers, because they can be arranged in a triangle.
The infinite sequence of triangular numbers diverges to +∞, so by definition, the infinite series 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ⋯ also diverges to +∞. The divergence is a simple consequence of the form of the series: the terms do not approach zero, so the series diverges by the term test.
Summability.
Among the classical divergent series, is relatively difficult to manipulate into a finite value. Many summation methods are used to assign numerical values to divergent series, some more powerful than others. For example, Cesàro summation is a well-known method that sums Grandi's series, the mildly divergent series , to 1/2. Abel summation is a more powerful method that not only sums Grandi's series to 1/2, but also sums the trickier series to 1/4.
Unlike the above series, is not Cesàro summable or Abel summable. Those methods work on oscillating divergent series, but they cannot produce a finite answer for a series that diverges to +∞. Most of the more elementary definitions of the sum of a divergent series are stable and linear, and any method that is both stable and linear cannot sum 1 + 2 + 3 +... to a finite value; see below. More advanced methods are required, such as zeta function regularization or Ramanujan summation. It is also possible to argue for the value of −1/12 using some rough heuristics related to these methods.
Heuristics.
Srinivasa Ramanujan presented two derivations of "1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ⋯ = −1/12" in chapter 8 of his first notebook. The simpler, less rigorous derivation proceeds in two steps, as follows.
The first key insight is that the series of positive numbers closely resembles the alternating series . The latter series is also divergent, but it is much easier to work with; there are several classical methods that assign it a value, which have been explored since the 18th century.
In order to transform the series into , one can subtract 4 from the second term, 8 from the fourth term, 12 from the sixth term, and so on. The total amount to be subtracted is , which is 4 times the original series. These relationships can be expressed with a bit of algebra. Whatever the "sum" of the series might be, call it Then multiply this equation by 4 and subtract the second equation from the first:
The second key insight is that the alternating series is the formal power series expansion of the function 1/(1 + "x")2 with 1 substituted for "x". Accordingly, Ramanujan writes:
Dividing both sides by −3, one gets "c" = −1/12.
Generally speaking, it is dangerous to manipulate infinite series as if they were finite sums, and it is especially dangerous for divergent series. If zeroes are inserted into arbitrary positions of a divergent series, it is possible to arrive at results that are not self-consistent, let alone consistent with other methods. In particular, the step is not justified by the additive identity law alone. For an extreme example, appending a single zero to the front of the series can lead to inconsistent results.
One way to remedy this situation, and to constrain the places where zeroes may be inserted, is to keep track of each term in the series by attaching a dependence on some function. In the series , each term "n" is just a number. If the term "n" is promoted to a function "n""−s", where "s" is a complex variable, then one can ensure that only like terms are added. The resulting series may be manipulated in a more rigorous fashion, and the variable "s" can be set to −1 later. The implementation of this strategy is called zeta function regularization.
Zeta function regularization.
In zeta function regularization, the series formula_6 is replaced by the series formula_7. The latter series is an example of a Dirichlet series. When the real part of "s" is greater than 1, the Dirichlet series converges, and its sum is the Riemann zeta function "ζ"("s"). On the other hand, the Dirichlet series diverges when the real part of "s" is less than or equal to 1, so, in particular, the series that results from setting "s" = –1 does not converge. The benefit of introducing the Riemann zeta function is that it can be defined for other values of "s" by analytic continuation. One can then define the zeta-regularized sum of to be "ζ"(−1), which equals −1/12. (More generally, "ζ"("s") will always be given by the degree zero term of the Laurent series expansion around "h" = 0 of formula_8.)
One method, along the lines of Euler's reasoning, uses the relationship between the Riemann zeta function and the Dirichlet eta function "η"("s"). The eta function is defined by an alternating Dirichlet series, so this method parallels the earlier heuristics. Where both Dirichlet series converge, one has the identities:
The identity formula_10 continues to hold when both functions are extended by analytic continuation to include values of "s" for which the above series diverge. Substituting , one gets Now, computing "η"(−1) is an easier task, as the eta function is equal to the Abel sum of its defining series, which is a one-sided limit:
Dividing both sides by −3, one gets 
It should be noted that arbitrary zeros are inserted after the zeta function regularization is done, damaging the accuracy of the results.
Smoothed asymptotics.
Terence Tao has described a method of smoothing the series to arrive at −1/12. Smoothing is a conceptual bridge between zeta function regularization, with its reliance on complex analysis, and Ramanujan summation, with its shortcut to the Euler–Maclaurin formula. Instead, the method operates directly on conservative transformations of the series, using methods from real analysis.
The idea is to replace the ill-behaved discrete series formula_12 with a smoothed version formula_13, where "f" is a cutoff function with appropriate properties. The cutoff function must be normalized to ; this is a different normalization from the one used in differential equations. The cutoff function should have enough bounded derivatives to smooth out the wrinkles in the series, and it should decay to 0 faster than the series grows. For convenience, one may require that "f" is smooth, bounded, and compactly supported. One can then prove that this smoothed sum is asymptotic to , where "C" is a constant that depends on "f". The constant term of the asymptotic expansion does not depend on "f": it is necessarily the same value given by analytic continuation, −1/12.
Ramanujan summation.
The Ramanujan sum of is also −1/12. In Ramanujan's second letter to G. H. Hardy, dated 27 February 1913, he wrote:
Ramanujan summation is a method to isolate the constant term in the Euler–Maclaurin formula for the partial sums of a series. For a function "f", the classical Ramanujan sum of the series formula_14 is defined as
where "f"(2"k"−1) is the (2"k"−1)-th derivative of "f" and "B"2"k" is the 2"k"-th Bernoulli number: , , and so on. Setting , the first derivative of "f" is 1, and every other term vanishes, so:
To avoid inconsistencies, the modern theory of Ramanujan summation requires that "f" is "regular" in the sense that the higher-order derivatives of "f" decay quickly enough for the remainder terms in the Euler–Maclaurin formula to tend to 0. Ramanujan tacitly assumed this property. The regularity requirement prevents the use of Ramanujan summation upon spaced-out series like 0 + 2 + 0 + 4 + · · ·, because no regular function takes those values. Instead, such a series must be interpreted by zeta function regularization. For this reason, Hardy recommends "great caution" when applying the Ramanujan sums of known series to find the sums of related series.
Failure of stable linear summation methods.
A summation method that is linear and stable cannot sum the series 1 + 2 + 3 + ... to any finite value. (Stable means that adding a term to the beginning of the series increases the sum by the same amount.) This can be seen as follows. If 
then adding 0 to both sides gives
Subtracting gives
Adding 0 to both sides again gives
and subtracting the last two series gives
contradicting stability.
The methods used above to sum 1 + 2 + 3 + ... are either not stable or not linear. For example, there are two different methods called zeta function regularization. The first is stable but not linear, and defines the sum "a"+"b"+"c"+...of a set of numbers to be the value of the analytic continuation of 1/"a""s" +1/"b""s" +1/"c""s" + at "s"=–1 if this exists. The second is linear but not stable, and defines the sum "a"+"b"+"c"+...of a sequence of numbers to be the value of the analytic continuation of "a"/1"s" +"b"/2"s" +"c"/3"s" + at "s"=0 if this exists. Both methods give 1+2+3+... the sum ζ(–1)=–1/12
Physics.
In bosonic string theory, the attempt is to compute the possible energy levels of a string, in particular the lowest energy level. Speaking informally, each harmonic of the string can be viewed as a collection of formula_17 independent quantum harmonic oscillators, one for each transverse direction, where formula_18 is the dimension of spacetime. If the fundamental oscillation frequency is formula_19 then the energy in an oscillator contributing to the formula_20th harmonic is formula_21. So using the divergent series, the sum over all harmonics is formula_22. Ultimately it is this fact, combined with the Goddard–Thorn theorem, which leads to bosonic string theory failing to be consistent in dimensions other than 26.
The regularization of 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ⋯ is also involved in computing the Casimir force for a scalar field in one dimension. An exponential cutoff function suffices to smooth the series, representing the fact that arbitrarily high-energy modes are not blocked by the conducting plates. The spatial symmetry of the problem is responsible for canceling the quadratic term of the expansion. All that is left is the constant term −1/12, and the negative sign of this result reflects the fact that the Casimir force is attractive.
A similar calculation is involved in three dimensions, using the Epstein zeta-function in place of the Riemann zeta function.
History.
It is unclear whether Leonhard Euler summed the series to −1/12. According to Morris Kline, Euler's early work on divergent series relied on function expansions, from which he concluded . According to Raymond Ayoub, the fact that the divergent zeta series is not Abel summable prevented Euler from using the zeta function as freely as the eta function, and he "could not have attached a meaning" to the series. Other authors have credited Euler with the sum, suggesting that Euler would have extended the relationship between the zeta and eta functions to negative integers. In the primary literature, the series 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ⋯ is mentioned in Euler's 1760 publication "De seriebus divergentibus" alongside the divergent geometric series 1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + ⋯. Euler hints that series of this type have finite, negative sums, and he explains what this means for geometric series, but he does not return to discuss 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ⋯. In the same publication, Euler writes that the sum of 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + ⋯ is infinite.
Popular media.
David Leavitt's 2007 novel "The Indian Clerk" includes a scene where Hardy and Littlewood discuss the meaning of this series. They conclude that Ramanujan has rediscovered "ζ"(−1), and they take the "lunatic asylum" line in his second letter as a sign that Ramanujan is toying with them.
Simon McBurney's 2007 play "A Disappearing Number" focuses on the series in the opening scene. The main character, Ruth, walks into a lecture hall and introduces the idea of a divergent series before proclaiming, "I'm going to show you something really thrilling," namely 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + · · · = −1/12. As Ruth launches into a derivation of the functional equation of the zeta function, another actor addresses the audience, admitting that they are actors: "But the mathematics is real. It's terrifying, but it's real."
In January 2014, Numberphile produced a YouTube video on the series, which gathered over 1.5 million views in its first month. The 8-minute video is narrated by Tony Padilla, a physicist at the University of Nottingham. Padilla begins with 1 − 1 + 1 − 1 + · · · and 1 − 2 + 3 − 4 + · · · and relates the latter to 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + · · · using a term-by-term subtraction similar to Ramanujan's argument. Numberphile also released a 21-minute version of the video featuring Nottingham physicist Ed Copeland, who describes in more detail how 1 − 2 + 3 − 4 + · · · = 1/4 as an Abel sum and 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + · · · = −1/12 as "ζ"(−1). After receiving complaints about the lack of rigor in the first video, Padilla also wrote an explanation on his webpage relating the manipulations in the video to identities between the analytic continuations of the relevant Dirichlet series.
In the "New York Times" coverage of the Numberphile video, mathematician Edward Frenkel commented, "This calculation is one of the best-kept secrets in math. No one on the outside knows about it."

</doc>
<doc id="9723834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723834" title="Anthony Quinn (disambiguation)">
Anthony Quinn (disambiguation)

Anthony Quinn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9723843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723843" title="WMPM">
WMPM

WMPM is an AM station in Smithfield, North Carolina broadcasting at 1270. The station is heavily focused on Johnston County and originally had a traditional country format, with an occasional gospel song thrown in every now and then. That has since changed.
WMPM is owned by broadcaster Carl Lamm, who has held onto the station for nearly a half-century and continues to host a weekday afternoon show on sister station WTSB to this day. In addition, Carl is a member of the North Carolina Broadcasters Hall of Fame. 
On November 1, 2007, the programming heard on 1270 will move down the dial to WTSB-AM 1090, another Johnston County station, which previously had an all-sports format. 
In 2009, WMPM began broadcasting contemporary Christian music, and is billing itself as "the new 1270 WMPM, Johnston County's Christian Radio."

</doc>
<doc id="9723872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723872" title="Sean M. Burke">
Sean M. Burke

Sean Michael Burke is a Perl programmer, author, and linguist. He was a columnist for "The Perl Journal" from 1998 and has written several dozen Perl modules for CPAN, as well as books for O'Reilly Media.
Software.
Burke's Perl modules include the HTML parsing module HTML::TreeBuilder, and Sort::ArbBiLex (arbitrary bi-level lexicographic sorting), used to generate sorting functions for language-specific sorting conventions. Some of Burke's modules, including Class::ISA, I18N::LangTags, and Locale::Maketext, have become part of the standard distribution of Perl. Locale::Maketext is also the basis of the internationalization layer in Request Tracker.
Burke also wrote "perlpodspec", the specification for the Pod ("Plain Old Documentation") markup language, which is used for documenting Perl and its modules, and the current generation of Pod parsers, such as Pod::Simple, which are used for generating the HTML documentation on the main CPAN search engine, search.cpan.org.

</doc>
<doc id="9723877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723877" title="The Outlet Collection at Riverwalk">
The Outlet Collection at Riverwalk

The Outlet Collection at Riverwalk, until 2014 Riverwalk Marketplace, is a outlet mall located in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana. The mall is located along the Mississippi River waterfront, stretching from the base of Canal Street, upriver to the New Orleans Morial Convention Center. It is connected to the adjacent Hilton New Orleans Riverside Hotel. It is America's first and only outlet mall located in a downtown urban setting.
History.
This area along the riverfront was long devoted to shipping. By the start of the 1980s, increased use of containers in shipping made some of the older riverfront wharfs less useful, so the Poydras Street Wharf and the Julia Street Wharf were demolished, and the land was used as part of the 1984 World's Fair. After the fair, this section was redeveloped into the "Riverwalk," an upscale mall intended to attract both tourists and locals.
On the afternoon of Saturday, December 14, 1996, the "M/V Bright Field" freightliner/bulk cargo vessel slammed into the Riverwalk. No one was killed in the accident, although approximately 66 were injured, and fifteen shops damaged. Physical damage to the "Bright Field" was calculated at $1,857,952 (US). Damage to the Riverwalk, including the pier, condominium properties, shops, and hotel totaled an estimated $15 million (US). The freightliner was unable to be removed from the crash site until January 6, 1997, by which time the site had become something of a "must-see" tourist attraction. [http://virtualpet.com/bright/main.htm] The spot where the "Bright Field" collided with the Riverwalk is marked on site with a plaque.
The Riverwalk closed after 2005's Hurricane Katrina due to extensive wind and looting damage. It reopened in early December 2005, in hopes that Christmas Season shopping would jump-start the area's recovery. Only a small number of shops were able to open at first. Additional businesses slowly opened over the next several years eventually bringing the mall back to near 100% occupancy. The Riverwalk Marketplace closed temporarily and underwent renovations in 2014. With plans to reopen in late spring 2014 as The Outlet Collection at Riverwalk, it will become the nation's first downtown outlet center, with shops including a Coach outlet and Neiman Marcus Last Call Studio outlet. 

</doc>
<doc id="9723886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723886" title="Bob Wooler">
Bob Wooler

Bob Wooler (born Frederick James Wooler, 19 January 1926, Liverpool — died 8 February 2002, Liverpool) was most notable for being instrumental in introducing The Beatles to their manager, Brian Epstein, and as the DJ at The Cavern Club.
Career.
While he was living in Garston, he became involved in managing a skiffle group called The Kingstrums. He entered them into a talent contest at the Gateacre Labour Club. The competition was won by a group called The Mars Bars, who later became Gerry & The Pacemakers. The Kingstrums disbanded in 1958, but his experience of the music scene convinced Wooler that he was more suited to being a compère for the shows put on at local jive hives. As a compère/disc jockey he worked, part-time, for promoters such as Wally Hill of Peak Promotions.
Wooler's encyclopaedic knowledge of the local scene soon made him a sought-after figure by promoters and his advice was regularly heeded. Allan Williams offered him a job at the Top Ten Club, but it burned down shortly after opening. Always of smart attire, Wooler then started full-time employment, in his most notable role, as compère at the Cavern Club. Whilst Williams was sorting out his finances, due to his former club burning down, he recommended that Wooler become The Beatles' manager, an offer that he declined. Wooler himself was subsequently instrumental in introducing the Beatles to their future manager, Brian Epstein. His voice was captured on a live EP by the Big Three at the Cavern, saying "We've got the hi-fi high & the lights down low, so here we go, with the Big Three Show!" Wooler became one of the major figures on the Mersey Scene and did much to help the various groups, remaining at the Cavern until 1967.
Famously, Wooler was physically attacked by John Lennon at Paul McCartney's 21st birthday party in 1963. A drunk Lennon was incensed by an apparent jibe that Wooler made about Lennon's recent holiday to Spain with Epstein.

</doc>
<doc id="9723938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723938" title="WYRN">
WYRN

WYRN (1480 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Louisburg, North Carolina, USA, it serves the Raleigh area. The station is currently owned by Johnson Broadcast Ventures Ltd. WYRN airs the same programming as WFNL in Raleigh.
History.
At one time, WYRN aired the same programming as WKXU, which was previously WHLQ. Curtis Media Group purchased WHLQ and WYRN from Franklin Broadcasting in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9723939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723939" title="Sheffield Bioincubator">
Sheffield Bioincubator

The Sheffield Bioincubator is an office and laboratory in Sheffield, England. It contains office and laboratories for small and medium enterprises in emerging technology and related areas and has links to the University of Sheffield. The building is owned, managed and run by the University of Sheffield Innovation.
History.
The Bioincubator was opened in February 2006 by Lord Sainsbury as a focus for Bioscience and Technology entrepreneurship in the Sheffield City Region. It was funded by the European Regional Development Fund, Sheffield University and Yorkshire Forward. The development was intended to assist the growth of an emerging technology and bioscience cluster in the Sheffield City Region. It provides a physical space for partners to work with the University of Sheffield, a Russell Group research institution. In 2007 its partner building the Kroto Innovation Centre was opened.
Notable partnerships.
Patient.co.uk based at the Sheffield Bioincubator has received several awards for its website including the BMA Patient Information award and "The Times" Top Health Website Award.
The concept of using Electrical impedance spectroscopy to detect oral cancer was found to have positive results through preliminary testing. It was presented to the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Oral Medicine in 2013 by Professor Martin Thornhill from Sheffield University. The concept was the outcome of a research collaboration between commercial Bioincubator tenant Zilico, Sheffield University and the Sheffield Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="9723971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723971" title="Pocono Peak Lake">
Pocono Peak Lake

Pocono Peak Lake is a lake in Lehigh Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The lake is the origin of the Lehigh River.

</doc>
<doc id="9723985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723985" title="Nicolas Hammond">
Nicolas Hammond

Nicolas Hammond (born August 3, 1964) is a British writer, Rubik's Cube expert, bridge player, and businessman. He has lived in the US since 1986. He made the world's first Internet banking transaction.
Early life.
Nicolas Hammond was born in Attenborough, Nottinghamshire, England.
He was awarded an academic scholarship to Nottingham High School and an academic scholarship to Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1986 and was awarded a master's degree in 1990.
Hammond is divorced with two sons and one daughter.
Rubik's Cube.
Hammond was introduced to the Rubik's Cube in 1979 by Peter Horrill, head of mathematics at Nottingham High School.
The early cubes often broke and Hammond started corresponding with David Singmaster who was importing and selling Rubik's Cubes.
Singmaster wrote how fast Hammond was solving the Rubik's Cube (28 seconds)
in his Rubik's Notes and later in his Cubic Circular he was a star a football
[http://www.jaapsch.net/puzzles/cubic1.htm].
By 1980, Hammond had the fastest times for solving the Rubik's Cube.
Reader's Digest, Scientific American (March 1981) and TIME Magazine (March 1981) covered Hammond as one of the world's first cube-meisters.
Hammond was the fastest qualifier for the first British Rubik's Cube Championship when he won the Midlands heat of the British Rubik's Cube Championship with a time of 35.38 seconds but did not win the event.
Hammond used a computer to determine an upper bound for the Rubik's Cube U group of 21 moves.
Television appearances.
On January 24, 1981 [http://www.jaapsch.net/puzzles/cubic1.htm], Hammond appeared on BBC TV's live Saturday morning show Multi-Coloured Swap Shop with Erno Rubik and solved the
Rubik's Cube in 37 seconds.
This was the first solving of the Rubik's Cube on national television in England.
Two weeks later, five others tried to beat this time, the closest was 57 seconds.
Hammond solved the cube on other television shows including
The Paul Daniels Magic Show,
Midlands Today,
ATV Today,
as well as appearing on
The Adventure Game with Graeme Garden, Carol Chell and Lesley Judd on November 2, 1981.
In December 2006, almost 25 years after his first appearance on TV, Hammond appeared on It Started With Swap Shop and solved the
Rubik's Cube in 36 seconds.
Books.
Hammond wrote the book "How To Solve The Cube In 37 Seconds", published by DRG Blackhall in 1981.
The book describes the various techniques that Hammond uses to solve the cube.
It is based on the bottom, middle, upper layer approach and includes tables to help improve speed.
The book also includes a simple, five move, solution to solve the Rubik's Cube[http://www.njh.com/rubiks_cube/index.html].
Business.
Hammond founded "NJH Security Consulting", a company specializing in performing Internet security audits for banks, stockbrokers, stock markets in 1996. He also started "Intelligent Shopping", a company that created software for purchasing highly secure products over the Internet in the same year. Both companies were sold to Internet Security Systems in 1999. He is semi-retired.
Field hockey.
Hammond started the Georgia Field Hockey Association (GFHA) in February 1991.
He was one of the English speaking stadium announcers for hockey in the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and announced the men's final.
He umpired a friendly women's international game between Spain and USA in 1995.
Bridge.
Hammond started playing competitive bridge in 2002. At the 2010 world championship meet in Philadelphia, he and Willem van Eijck entered two events and finished 13th in the World IMP Pairs Championship.
He won the Sally Young Life Master Open Pairs at the American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) National tournament in Atlanta in 2005. Hammond finished second in the Victor Daly KO Teams event at the summer American Bridge Association (ABA) national event in 2006. In 2006, Hammond won the Mini-Spingold II KO teams event at the ACBL National tournament in Chicago. His team was runner-up the previous year.

</doc>
<doc id="9723988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723988" title="Bioincubator">
Bioincubator

A Bioincubator is a building designed for housing R&D driven companies active in Life sciences. It is mostly closely related to a neighbouring university. A Bioincubator is a Business incubator targeted towards Life Sciences helping startup companies. Entrepreneurs with feasible projects in Life Sciences are selected and admitted into the incubators, where they are offered a specialized menu of support resources and services.
An example for a Bioincubator is BioCon Valley in Rostock and Greifswald - an incubator establishing a cluster for life sciences, biotechnology and biosciences in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. Or the Sheffield Bioincubator based at the University of Sheffield, in Sheffield, England which is a centre for collaboration between world class research and emerging technologies companies. 

</doc>
<doc id="9723990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723990" title="C. T. Walker Traditional Magnet School">
C. T. Walker Traditional Magnet School

Charles Thomas Walker Traditional Magnet School (C. T. Walker) is a public examination school located in the Laney-Walker district of Augusta, Georgia that draws students from kindergarten through eighth grade from all parts of the Richmond County School System. The school is one of three magnet schools in Richmond County.
History.
The school's history dates back to 1934, when it housed grades 1-7. The building was constructed with federal assistance and opened with an enrollment of 1500 students (500 over the building's specifications). When Richmond County schools were integrated in the 1970s, the enrollment of the school changed, decreasing to little over 500 students. Court-ordered busing was instituted to ensure racial balances in student population and to remedy fluctuating enrollment patterns. In 1980, the school became a magnet school, housing grades K-5. Like other magnet schools in the county, racial quotas maintain a racially balanced student body (45% African American, 45% Caucasian, 10% other). The magnet school concept brought changes in structural organization. During the first year as a magnet school, C. T. Walker housed 400 students who were admitted to the basis of a lottery that was conducted by community leaders and school officials for grades K-5. Beginning with the 1981 school year, the sixth grade added to the school structure, followed by the seventh grade in 1982, and the eighth grade in 1983. In 1999, the C. T. Walker Magnet School celebrated its twentieth anniversary as a magnet school.
References.
chronicle.augusta.com/stories/122907/com_176795.shtml - 39k

</doc>
<doc id="9723993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9723993" title="WRTG">
WRTG

WRTG (1000 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Garner, North Carolina. It airs a Spanish language format as part of the La Grande network.
History.
WRTG hit the local airwaves in 1969 as country station WKBQ. In 1987, the station became classic country WHEV under the ownership of Henry E. Veil. After going dark in the early 1990s, Veil gave the license to Durham-based Carolina Christian Communications, which signed 1000 AM back on the air in 1994 with a simulcast of contemporary Christian station WRTP, 1530 AM. A third AM signal, WGSB (1060 AM in Mebane, North Carolina) joined the simulcast in 1995. The stations were then known as "His Radio WRTP" and owned by Radio Training Network along with WRTP-FM in Roanoke Rapids and several FM translators across the Triangle and Eastern North Carolina.
In October 2004, WRTG, along with WRTP and WGSB were purchased by Estuardo Valdemar Rodriguez and Leonor Rodriguez, owners of WLLN in Lillington, North Carolina, for $1.1 million. On February 3, 2005, WRTP and its sister AM stations ceased broadcasting the "His Radio WRTP" Christian format. After a day off the air, the three stations resumed broadcasting a Spanish-language format on February 4, 2005. The stations carry the regional Mexican format formerly heard on WFTK.
In November 2011 WRTG changed its format to "Radio La Grande". 
Now Radio La Grande is transmitting in different frequencies in North Carolina. WRTG 1000AM Raleigh, Garner, WRTP 1530AM Durham, Chape Hill, Cary, WGSB 1060AM MEBANE, HILLSBORO, WLLN 1370AM LILLINGTON, ANGER.
Programming.
"La Grande Program"
Monday - Friday
6:00am – 10:00am "El Mojarra Show" con Luis Garcia
10:00am – 11:00am El Reventon Sonidero con el DJ Negro
11:00am – 12:00pm La hora de los Macuarros con el DJ Negro
12:00pm – 1:00pm LA Lonchera de la Grande con el DJ Negro
1:00pm – 2:00pm Divercion, con Los Costeños Feliciano y Madaleno. Ademas los chismes de la farandula con la secion de Riky y Martin mejor conosidos como La Pantunfla y La Sirena, Las Pirujas de la Grande. 
2:00pm – 3:00pm Las Tardes con Muiguel Gonzalez El Pestayo y Ponzonio El Ponzoñas
3:00pm – 5:00pm El Chico Mezcla DJ Guarache y el Mudo 
5:00pm – 7:00pm Las Inmortales con Raymundo Ruiz y El Muñeco
7:00pm – 6:00am Los Grandes Exitos de La Grande
Sabados
6:00am – 8:00am Los Grandes Exitos de La Grande
8:00am – 10:00am Conteo 20 Monitor Latino 
10:00am – 11:00am Jairo Barrios El Gato
11:00am – 2:00pm El Costeño de Acapulco
2:00pm – 3:00pm DJ Taz 
3:00pm – 4:00pm Dani Boy 
4:00pm – 7:00pm La Hora Costeña con DJ Milton
7:00pm – 8:00am Los Grande Exitos de La Grande
Domingos
8:00am – 10:00am De Paisano a Paisano 
10:00am – 11:00am Jairo Barrios El Gato
11:00am – 12:00pm Los Pequeños de La Grande con Franklin 
12:00pm – 2:00pm DJ Taz
2:00pm – 4:00pm Dani boy 
4:00pm – 7:00pm La Hora Costeña con DJ Milton
7:00pm – 6:00am Los Grande Exitos de La Grande

</doc>
<doc id="9724019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724019" title="Water transport in Zambia">
Water transport in Zambia

Water transport. and the many navigable inland waterways, in Zambia has a long tradition of practical use in Zambia except in parts of the south. Since draught animals such as oxen were not heavily used, water transport was usually the only alternative to going on foot until the 19th Century. The history and current importance of Zambian waterways, as well as the types of indigenous boats used, provide information on this important aspect of Zambian economy.
Indigenous boats and traditional use of waterways.
Dugout canoes.
The techniques of making temporary boats or rafts by weaving together bundles of buoyant reeds were known to African people living near the many rivers, lakes, lagoons and swamps of what is now Zambia. The coming of the Iron Age introduced tools such as the adze which facilitates the construction of dugout canoes, especially from African Teak (‘mulombwa’ in Chibemba, ‘mulombe’ in Chilozi, ‘mukwa’ in Chishona) which has a long life even when constantly immersed. The dugout then took over as the principal means of fishing and travel by boat, whether paddled in deeper water, or punted in shallow water like makoros in neighbouring Botswana.
When explorer David Livingstone, the first European to see Lake Bangweulu arrived on the western shore of that lake in 1868, he was conveyed across it efficiently in a dugout canoe 45 feet long and 4 feet wide (about 14 m by 1.2 m), paddled by six men. The people of the lake and its wetlands, which cover a completely flat area of more than 10,000 km² in flood, have the ability to navigate unaided across open water or through mazes of swamp channels despite having no landmarks to guide them most of the time.
There is an account of the Shila people in the Luapula swamps in the 19th Century hunting hippos with great skill by throwing harpoons at them from dugout canoes, despite being in great danger from these huge aggressive animals’ ability to overturn a canoe and virtually bite its paddlers in half, and they are responsible for many human deaths in Zambia.
Several dugout canoes may be lashed together and a timber platform built over them to carry heavy loads, and many early pontoon ferries were made in this way, such as the first ferry over the Luangwa River in 1929, which could carry a 1.5 ton truck. Paddled by a dozen men, the crossing used to take four to six hours, not because of the great width of the river but the need to go a long way upstream before the crossing, when the current would sweep the pontoon several kilometres downstream.
There are both permanent and seasonal fishing communities to which the only access is by boat or canoe, such as in Bangweulu and Mweru Wantipa in particular, but also along many rivers and lake shores. To such communities canoes and boats are a way of life. A colonial administrator in the 1920s saw a dugout canoe crossing Lake Tanganyika (35 km wide) which is large enough to have waves of around 1 m. Though such a feat was commonplace, he was astonished to discover that the three paddlers were all blind, and the boat was being steered by a small child to the store at Mpulungu so they could buy supplies.
Lozi timber plank boats.
Before the coming of the Europeans from 1860 onwards, the Lozi people of Barotseland were building "Nalikwanda" royal barges made from teak planks fixed with iron nails (extensive Rhodesian Teak forests grew in the east of Barotseland). As seen in the Kuomboka ceremony these reached huge sizes, requiring a hundred paddlers or more. Although there has been speculation that the Lozi learnt this method of boat building from Arab or Portuguese traders, the Lozi did not allow such traders to enter their territory, and the traders certainly did not haul boats overland to central Africa with them. There is no evidence to suppose that the Lozi plank boat is anything other than an indigenous technology.
Water transport in the colonial era.
For about three decades after the start of the colonial era as North-Western and North-Eastern Rhodesia, there was no road transport in the territory, except by ox-wagon. Even when the first railway reached the Copperbelt in 1910, there was no mechanised road transport from that single line into the surrounding areas or the rest of the country. Water transport was used by colonial officials, businesses, and the few settlers, and some Africans made their living hiring out their canoes and labour to them.
The main waterways used in this way were:
Boat operations in the present day.
There is a need to develop inland waterways in Zambia but it is hampered by a lack of management know-how in the sector and a lack of port facilities. Development of the road network has reduced the demand for commercial boat services where road services compete. No major urban centres have developed on any waterways and so boat transport is not used for any urban or inter-urban travel. The only centres which can be considered to have commercial boat services are, in rough order of size:
Tourism operators.
Boat operators serving the tourist trade are found in:
In addition to these there are a number of tour companies and camps set up for fishing and adventure tours, especially on the upper Zambezi, mostly catering for international tourists at high prices.
Boat use for non-commercial and subsistence use.
Use of dugout canoes has declined somewhat except in more remote locations, due to a relative shortage of good African Teak trees, and competition from timber plank, aluminium and glass-fibre boats. The use of outboard motors remains relatively low due to the high cost of fuel and lack of maintenance services.

</doc>
<doc id="9724027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724027" title="MicroRhythm">
MicroRhythm

MicroRhythm along with MicroDisco, MicroLatin, MicroVocals and MicroTuned was part of a set of music creation software (then advertised as games) developed by Simon Pick (developer of Daredevil Dennis and Rod Land on NES) for Commodore 64/128. MicroRhythm used real sampled sounds and was essentially a drum-machine that had the same layout as other micro-versions. It was published by Firebird in 1986. and was priced £1.99. 
The game was rapidly developed over a two-week period while Simon was a student at the University of Sussex, using samples from the Roland TR-707 drum machine as the audio source.
All micro- versions had three modes: 'BARS' mode was used to create individual patterns and 'SONG' mode to align patterns in desired order to create a tune (exactly as modern pattern-based music sequencers do). There was also a third Real-Time mode for playing with the keyboard. Simple Flam effect and Pitch adjust for every sample were also possible, as well as the main tempo change.
Each micro version had unique sets of sounds, thus producing different genres of tunes. It was possible to save projects to audio tape via C64 cassette-recorder or disk unit, and load them later in program for additional editing or even analog output mixing. In 1988 and 1989 András Szigethy converted original versions for Commodore Plus/4. Converted .prg versions that can be used with emulators (such as VICE) are available for download in the link below.

</doc>
<doc id="9724035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724035" title="Silers Bald">
Silers Bald

Silers Bald is a mountain in the western Great Smoky Mountains, located in the 
Southeastern United States. Its proximity to Clingmans Dome and its location along
the Appalachian Trail make it a popular hiking destination. 
Silers Bald is located on the crest of the Smokies with Thunderhead Mountain to the west and Clingmans Dome to the east. The Tennessee-North Carolina state line crosses 
the summit, with the mountain split evenly between Sevier County, Tennessee to the north and Swain County, North Carolina to the south. Silers Bald rises appx. 
While Silers Bald was a grassy bald for most of the 19th and early-20th centuries, it was probably a wooded peak before the arrival of European settlers. For this reason, the park service does not 
maintain the bald atop the mountain (the Great Smoky Mountains National Park currently
maintains only two grassy balds— Gregory Bald and Andrews Bald). A narrow corridor for
the Appalachian Trail, which crosses the summit, is kept clear for thru-hikers. There is still
a small bald area at the summit, approximately in diameter, where the Appalachian
Trail makes a 90-degree turn. Several grassy meadows remain on the mountain's western slope.
Geology.
Silers Bald consists of Thunderhead sandstone, a small pile of which crowns the 
summit. This sandstone, part of the Ocoee Supergroup, was formed from ocean sediments
nearly a billion years ago. The mountain, like most of the Smokies, was formed some
200 million years ago when the North American and African plates collided during the 
Appalachian orogeny, pushing the rock upward.
History.
While Silers Bald is hardly mentioned in Cherokee lore, a petroglyph was discovered near
the summit in 1917. The mountain's elevation is probably recorded by Arnold Guyot 
during his 1859 survey of the Smokies crest, but under a different name (possibly Guyot's "Big Stone Mountain," which Guyot listed with an elevation of and lying somewhere between Mt. Buckley and Thunderhead).
Silers Bald is named after Jesse Siler, a prominent North Carolinian who grazed sheep
and cattle atop the mountain in the 19th century. Likewise, Siler Bald, in the Nantahala
Mountains to the south, was named after Jesse's brother, William. Albert Mountain,
also to the south, was named after Jesse's nephew, Albert Siler.
By the late 19th century, Silers Bald was the far eastern end of a giant grassy pasture that
stretched several miles across the Smokies' western ridge all the way to Russell Field, which overlooks
Cades Cove. The mountain is mentioned several times in Horace Kephart's "Our Southern Highlanders" as the last stop before one enters a heavily-wooded wilderness. According to Kephart, beyond "Hall cabin" (a herder's shack near modern Big Chestnut Bald, six miles (10 km) east of Thunderhead):
...there is just one shack, at Siler's Meadow. It is down below the summit, hidden in timber, and you would never have seen it. Even if you had, you would have found it as bare as a last year's mouse nest, for nobody ever goes there except for a few bear-hunters. From there onward for forty miles is an uninhabited wilderness so rough that you could not make seven miles a day in it to save your life..."
Laura Thornborough, a writer who visited Silers Bald in the 1930s, recalls it as a giant meadow:
Silers is one of the mysterious grassy balds, or mountain-top meadows, and an outstanding vantage point commanding spectacular views.
Access.
The easiest access to Silers Bald is to take the Clingmans Dome tower trail from the
Forney Ridge Parking Lot to the tower. From there, following the Appalachian Trail west
for just over four miles (6 km) brings one to the summit of Silers Bald. This leg of the trail is riddled
with elevation gain and loss, crossing Mt. Buckley (a knob of Clingmans Dome), Jenkins
Knob, and a sparsely-wooded ridge known as "The Narrows". 
At the summit of Silers Bald, an unmarked spur trail winds several yards to a cliff on 
the northwest slope of the mountain. This cliff offers a 180-degree view of the northern
Smokies, with a clear shot of Mount Le Conte to the east and Thunderhead Mountain to the 
west.

</doc>
<doc id="9724037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724037" title="New Avengers/Transformers">
New Avengers/Transformers

New Avengers/Transformers is an intercompany crossover comic book series published by Marvel Comics and IDW Publishing that involves the pre-"Civil War" New Avengers and the Transformers. It is set in the fictional nation of Latveria, and involves the characters Captain America, Spider-Man, Iron Man, Luke Cage, Wolverine, Falcon and Ms. Marvel from the Avengers, and Prowl, Ratchet, Jazz, Bumblebee and Optimus Prime from the Autobots. It was written by Stuart Moore, penciled by Tyler Kirkham and premiered on July 5, 2007. The tag line for the series is "Assemble and Roll Out!"
According to information currently available, the storyline takes place between the first story arc ' and the second arc ' for the IDW "Transformers" series, and between the "Breakout" and "Sentry" arcs for "New Avengers". Writer Stuart Moore has indicated that it takes place in the regular Marvel continuity between the first two story arcs of "New Avengers", and it is currently held as semi-continuity for IDW, which entails that, although it will not have any effect on the overall storyline of "Transformers", it will not contradict it either.
This will be Spider-Man's second appearance alongside the Transformers, as he appeared in the third issue of the original Marvel "Transformers" comic. However, this will not have any bearing, as the bio for Death's Head in the third issue of the "All-New Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A–Z" (released on March 22, 2006) indicated that all previous encounters with the Transformers took place in an alternate universe, thus separating these stories from existence in standard Marvel Universe continuity.
Plot.
A war is looming between the neighboring Eastern European states of Latveria and Symkaria. Called in by S.H.I.E.L.D., Captain America, Spider-Man, Wolverine and Luke Cage investigate. Discovering a non-human structure and an army of destroyed Doombots, they attempt to force their way inside, only to be met with deadly attacks. Spider-Man is captured as the others force their way out, with the team beginning to fight among themselves. An observing Optimus Prime decides to take the Autobots to counter the threat, as Megatron reveals to a captured Spider-Man that one of Doom's devices is responsible for the tensions, and they prepare to experiment on his mutated DNA. Falcon and Ms. Marvel arrive, followed by the Autobots. Prime's order for them to leave is met by a full attack by the Avengers.
As the fight continues, with Ms. Marvel and Wolverine in particular appearing highly vicious against their opponents, Doctor Doom intervenes and places a device on Captain America's neck that instantly calms him down. After he manages to talk down Ms. Marvel and Wolverine, the two most aggressive members of the team due to Ms. Marvel's Kree nature and Wolverine being who he is, the rest of the team talk to the Autobots, and Doom reveals that the Avengers' heightened aggression was caused by a device he developed which was stolen by the Decepticons. Doom departs to attempt to reach a diplomatic solution to the conflict with Symkaria, leaving the Autobots and the Avengers to storm the Decepticon base to rescue Spider-Man. However, Megatron has already determined that the mutated elements of Spider-Man's blood will enable him to enhance his forces' power to a level that not even Energon has accomplished, the enhanced firepower knocking out Optimus Prime just as Iron Man arrives on the scene. Iron Man, in new, Transformer-sized armor, helped to turn the tide against the Decepticons, allowing Prowl, Ratchet, Luke Cage and Wolverine to get inside the ship and rescue Spider-Man.
As Iron Man and Megatron face off outside the base, the Autobots track down Spider-Man, subsequently freeing him with the aid of Doctor Doom (Who has turned on the Decepticons after they betrayed him). Realizing that the Decepticons are too powerful to take on as they are, the Autobots ask for Spider-Man and Wolverine's permission to use the same energy-enhancement method that the Decepticons used, taking blood samples from the two and using it to enhance their own abilities, and the two heroes agree to the procedure. While Spider-Man joins the Autobots outside the ship, Wolverine and Doctor Doom track down the device that initially amplified the Avengers' aggression and Wolverine destroys it, leaving Doom to make his own way out as he rejoins his teammates. Although Iron Man's Transformer armor is destroyed after it suffers an overload while fighting Megatron, the Autobots are still able to turn the tide, thanks to their power boost Spider-Man and Luke Cage knocking down Megatron and forcing him to flee. With the other Decepticons and the Autobots subsequently departing themselves, the Avengers are left to report to the government about the situation. Meanwhile the Autobots reports that Ramjet has gone to earth and it is implied that he has taken the form of the Avengers Quinjet.

</doc>
<doc id="9724039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724039" title="Deer gun">
Deer gun

The Deer gun was a successor to the Liberator pistol developed by the CIA. The single-shot Deer gun was intended for distribution to South Vietnamese guerrillas as a weapon against North Vietnamese soldiers.
Design.
The Deer gun was made of cast aluminium, with the receiver formed into a cylinder at the top of the weapon. The striker protruded from the rear of the receiver and was cocked in order to fire, and a plastic clip was placed there to prevent an accidental discharge, as the Deer gun had no mechanical safety. The grip had raised checkering, was hollow, and had space for three 9 mm rounds and a rod for clearing the barrel of spent cases. The Deer gun lacked any marking identifying manufacturer or user, in order to prevent tracing of the weapons, and all were delivered in unmarked polystyrene boxes with three 9 mm rounds and a series of pictures depicting the operation of the gun. A groove ran down a ramp on top for sighting. The barrel unscrewed for loading and removing the empty casing. A cocking knob was pulled until cocked. The aluminium trigger had no trigger guard.
Operation.
The Deer gun was loaded by removing the barrel and placing a 9 mm cartridge in the chamber. The striker was then cocked, and a small plastic clip placed around the striker to impede the forward motion of the striker to prevent accidental discharge. The barrel was then screwed back onto the receiver. The gun was fired by removing the plastic clip, placing it on the barrel where it would become the sight, and pulling the trigger. At this point the user would take the victim's equipment if opportunity presented itself, and then flee. Later, the user would reload the gun by unscrewing the barrel and ejecting the spent case with the provided barrel rod, and follow the outlined procedure.
History.
One production run of 1,000 Deer guns was made in 1964 as an initial run, with the final cost projected as US$3.95 per gun. Rather than the Vietnam war being a small clandestine war, it became a full scale war where the Deer gun would not be as useful as foreseen. Some Deer guns were evaluated in Vietnam, but the fate of the rest is unknown. Most sources state that all were destroyed.

</doc>
<doc id="9724053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724053" title="WHPY (AM)">
WHPY (AM)

WHPY is a radio station located in Clayton, North Carolina broadcasting on 1590 AM. It broadcasts under the handle of "Fellowship Christian Radio" and airs mainly religious programming from sunrise to sunset. It is run by Fellowship Baptist Church of Clayton and affiliated with the Fundamental Broadcasting Network.
History.
WHPY previously aired both top 40 and country music format from the early 1970s to the mid-1990s, before it left the air briefly. Fellowship Baptist purchased the station in 1995, changing it to its current format. During the years when the format was top 40, some of the on-air personalities were Kathy Seadore, Chip Plyler, Jim Harrison and Larry Denning. WHPY used the term "Happy Radio" and provided significant community support through the broadcast of local high school football and basketball games. The station was initially granted a license by the Federal Communications Commission to operate as a daylight only station, signing on and off daily at FCC stipulated times. In the early 1970s both the transmitter site and the studio were located in rural Johnson County on the edge a large tobacco field.

</doc>
<doc id="9724064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724064" title="Ranga Shankara">
Ranga Shankara

Ranga Shankara is one of Bangalore's well known theatres. It is located in the south Bangalore area of J.P Nagar and is run by the Sanket Trust. The auditorium, which opened in 2004, was envisioned by Arundathi Nag, in remembrance of her late husband, Shankar Nag, who was a renowned actor in the Kannada film industry.
It aims to promote theatre in all languages and prides itself in lending out the space at an extremely low fare. It follows an at least “a play a day” policy, six days a week (except on Mondays). Its annual theatre festival brings to the city plays from across the country, giving the audience a good spread to choose from. Over 2,700 performances have been staged since inception, most of them in Kannada, though there have been plays in 20 other languages too.
History.
Shankar Nag's dream was to create a vibrant, affordable, inclusive space for theatre and theatre lovers in the city of Bangalore. After Shankar’s tragic death in 1990, Sanket Trust, with the help of friends and lovers of theatre from all over the country, worked towards building Ranga Shankara, a premier theatre in Bangalore In 1994, the Government allotted a plot of land reserved for civic amenities, at JP Nagar, to the trust, on a 30-year lease. However due to lack of funds, construction only started in 2001. The entire cost of the project of around 3 crores. was raised through contributions, ranging from 5 from ordinary theatre lovers to big sums from industrialists. The Ranga shankara complex was designed by architect Sharukh Mistry and it was opened to the public on 28 October 2004.
Objectives.
Ranga Shankara is a space dedicated to theatre and resembles Mumbai's Prithvi Theatre. It aims to 
The theatre is rented out only for theatre shows that are open to the public. It does not allow private shows.
Facilities.
Performing space.
The auditorium has a thrust stage with a floor area of 1750 sq ft, with four green rooms and state-of-the-art sound, lighting, and technical facilities. The stage and the auditorium arrange the acoustics such that artificial amplification is not required.
The auditorium is air conditioned and seats 320. For the convenience of the disabled audience, Ranga Shankara has special access facilities (an elevator, specially equipped rest room and the capacity to accommodate wheelchairs inside the auditorium).
Book Shop.
Ranga Shankara has a bookshop at the front corner of its lobby. It is operated by "Sankars". The collection includes many theatre and performance-related books. It also hosts special events like book launches and reading sessions.
Café.
The café is open from 11am to 9pm and serves food that ranges from akki roti and bhajjis to soup du jour with herbal bread rolls. It provides scope for interaction between audience and performers after a show. In addition, it is a venue for theatre festival-related seminars and activities, special talks and lectures.
Annual Theatre Festival.
Ranga Shankara hosts an annual theatre festival, with plays in all languages being staged, along with readings and platform performances. The festival has become a landmark on the Bangalore theatre scene. In 2011, it will be hosting the fourth annual theatre festival. To be held from October 15 to 23, it has "Politics in Play" as the central theme and is being curated by theatre personality and journalist Prakash Belawadi. This year's panellists include journalist Aakar Patel and academic Chandan Gowda.
Rangashankara also hosts other annual events. Most popular being the Mango party. Annual Mango party celebrates the season of mango which is the national fruit of India. People come here and enjoy all the different varieties of mangoes. In 2012 Rangashankara celebrated to 10th edition of mango party.
Another popular event is Ranga Ugadi (ರಂಗ ಯುಗಾದಿ). Ugadi is the New Year's Day for the people of the Deccan region of India. This event is celebrated to the closest Sunday around Ugadi. This will be generally an entire day event, with plays and cultural events.

</doc>
<doc id="9724070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724070" title="CK Deluxe">
CK Deluxe

CK Deluxe (also known as Car Kulture Deluxe) is a magazine published by Geno DiPol and Koolhouse Publications, featuring Kustom Culture lifestyles, Pin-Ups, Hot Rods, Customs, and Artwork. This magazine has a huge cult following in the U.S.A. and along with Ol' Skool Rodz (also published by Koolhouse) are considered by many as good references for the Modern Car Kulture Enthusiast.

</doc>
<doc id="9724098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724098" title="William Cunningham (basketball)">
William Cunningham (basketball)

"For the former NBA player and coach with a similar name, see Billy Cunningham."
William "Will" Cunningham (born March 25, 1974) is an American professional basketball player, formerly in the National Basketball Association.
A 6'11" center from Temple University, Cunningham played in 16 games for four different NBA teams from 1998 to 1999, averaging 0.6 points and 1.7 rebounds per game. He has played for the Utah Jazz (1998), Philadelphia 76ers (1998), Toronto Raptors (1999) and New Jersey Nets (1999). He was not drafted by an NBA team but was taken in the 1996 USBL Draft. He has also played professionally in Uruguay for Atletico Arenas in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9724103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724103" title="Rayver Cruz">
Rayver Cruz

Raymond Oliver Cruz Ilustre, better known by his screen name Rayver Cruz (born July 20, 1989), is a Filipino actor, dancer and singer.
Personal life.
Rayver is a member of the Cruz family, a noted family line in the Philippine entertainment industry. He has two older brothers, Rodjun Cruz and Omar Cruz-Ilustre. His father, Rodolfo Cruz, Sr., died in 2009 from kidney failure. He is currently part of ABS-CBN contract talents. Rayver also appears on the noontime variety show ASAP XV. He finished Grade 6 in Maria Montessori School in Visayas Ave Quezon City. He is a talent of Star Magic.
Cruz started as a child actor in the GMA show "Kiss Muna" but later moved to ABS-CBN. His first lead role was via the primetime TV series "Spirits" as Red in (2005) with actress Maja Salvador. He played another lead role as Mythos in the primetime show "Rounin" in (2007).
Rayver is also a cousin of singer actress Sheryl Cruz, Sunshine Cruz, Geneva Cruz and Donna Cruz. 

</doc>
<doc id="9724126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724126" title="Gaspé (provincial electoral district)">
Gaspé (provincial electoral district)

Gaspé is a provincial electoral district in the Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine region of Quebec, Canada, which elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec. It is located on the eastern edge of the Gaspé Peninsula.
It was originally created for the 1867 election (and an electoral district of that name existed earlier in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada and the Legislative Assembly of Lower Canada). Its final election was in 1927. It disappeared in the 1931 election and its successor electoral districts were Gaspé-Nord and Gaspé-Sud.
It was re-created for the 1973 election by merging part of Gaspé-Nord with all of Gaspé-Sud, which both ceased to exist.
In the change from the 2001 to the 2011 electoral map, it gained all of La Haute-Gaspésie Regional County Municipality from the former Matane, namely the municipalities of Cap-Chat, La Martre, Marsoui, Mont-Saint-Pierre, Rivière-à-Claude, Sainte-Anne-des-Monts, Sainte-Madeleine-de-la-Rivière-Madeleine, Saint-Maxime-du-Mont-Louis and the unorganized territories of Coulée-des-Adolphe and Mont-Albert.

</doc>
<doc id="9724135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724135" title="WPJL">
WPJL

WPJL (1240 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Raleigh, North Carolina, USA, the station serves the Raleigh area. The station is currently owned by WPJL, Inc..
History.
The station went on the air on March 29, 1939 as WRAL with 250 watts from studios on Salisbury Street in downtown Raleigh. In 1941 the broadcast frequency was moved to 1240. During those early days, the station was an affiliate of the Mutual Broadcasting System.. Capitol Broadcasting sold WRAL in the 1950s (but kept the sister stations WRAL-FM and WRAL-TV. As WRNC, the station played Top 40 and then country music. In the 1960s the station was sold to Smiles Associates and in 1974 the format was changed to Christian. In 1978 the call letters were changed from WRNC TO WPJL (We Proclaim Jesus Lord) to reflect the new orientation of the station. 

</doc>
<doc id="9724164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724164" title="David Maynard">
David Maynard

David Maynard is a computer programmer and game programmer who has spent his career working at various companies in the San Francisco Bay Area. 
Career.
Early in his career, he worked on many historic projects, including the Xerox Star while at Xerox PARC and on Doug Engelbart's team that produced The Mother of All Demos while at SRI. 
He went on to become a founding member of Electronic Arts. His first game for EA was Worms?.
Later on, he programmed games at 3DO and Digital Chocolate.
Currently he is a mobile engineering manager at Box.

</doc>
<doc id="9724186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724186" title="Marcus Annius Verus Caesar">
Marcus Annius Verus Caesar

Marcus Annius Verus Caesar (after May 162 – 10 September 169) was one of the thirteen children born to Faustina, the wife of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius. In 166, he was made his father's first heir. On 10 September 169, he died of natural causes in Rome. His brother Commodus thus became his father’s new heir and later successor.

</doc>
<doc id="9724187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724187" title="NZR A 88 Buckhurst petrol carriage">
NZR A 88 Buckhurst petrol carriage

NZR A 88 was a railway passenger carriage converted into the Buckhurst petrol carriage railcar in 1924. It was the only railcar operated by NZR not designated as a member of the NZR RM class; while a railcar, it retained the designation of A 88. This designation was wholly unrelated to the steam locomotive A class of 1873 or A class of 1906.
History.
In the 1910s, NZR began experimenting with railcar technology to cater for passengers on routes that could not economically support locomotive-hauled dedicated passenger trains and thus had to settle for undesirably slow mixed trains (freight trains with passenger carriages attached). World War I and its subsequent economic impacts brought research to a halt after three unsuccessful experiments. In 1924, work resumed at Christchurch's Addington Workshops after a local engineer, E. B. Buckhurst, was given approval to convert a regular passenger carriage into a railcar. A 88 was the carriage chosen for the task; it had been imported from the United States in 1878 and prior to its renovation, it provided seated accommodation for second class passengers.
Technical details.
A 88 was fitted with a unique gearbox designed by Buckhurst. Power was provided by a Hudson six cylinder petrol engine typically used by cars that was slung laterally beneath the 13 metre long, 13.5 tonne carriage. Compartments for the driver were installed at each end of the carriage, giving it a passing resemblance to trams of the era. A total of 48 passengers could be carried by A 88 in its railcar guise.
Trials.
The first test run of the railcar was to Sandy Knolls, 27 kilometres from Addington, and subsequent trials meant the railcar covered a distance of more than 3000 km. The railcar successfully operated at a speed of 55 km/h, with its top attained speed approximately 65 km/h, but problems and faults became manifest over the trial period. The most notable problem was that the engine tended to overheat, and this combined with other flaws meant that the project became uneconomic and was abandoned before A 88 entered regular passenger service. The railcar parts were removed and sold and A 88 was returned to regular locomotive-hauled service in passenger trains after being re-converted into an un-motorised carriage.

</doc>
<doc id="9724189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724189" title="WETC">
WETC

WETC is an AM station licensed to both Wendell and Zebulon, North Carolina on 540. WETC, whose call letters stand for "We Entertain Tobacco Country", was a long-time country station featuring The J. Donavon Show in the late 1980s. In 1992, WETC became the first area radio station to program to the Triangle's burgeoning Spanish-speaking community, going completely Spanish by the late 1990s. WETC was owned by East Wake Broadcasting and later Carolina Regional Broadcasting before being sold to Prieto Communications in 2004.
WETC's programming is also heard on WDUR. 

</doc>
<doc id="9724204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724204" title="Torill Kove">
Torill Kove

Torill Kove (born 1958) is a Norwegian born Canadian film director and animator. She won the 2007 Academy Award for Animated Short Film for the film "The Danish Poet", co-produced by Norway's Mikrofilm AS and the National Film Board of Canada.
Born in Hamar, in the south of Norway near Oslo, Kove has lived in Montreal, Quebec in Canada since 1982. She moved to Montreal to continue academic studies in urban planning at Concordia University and she got a master degree(MUP 89') in McGill University and later changed her major to animation. Her first academy Award nomination was for "My Grandmother Ironed the King's Shirts" (2000), inspired by the story of her own grandmother, who actually ironed the shirts of Norway's King Haakon VII for many years.
In addition to directing and animating short films, she has also illustrated several children's books.
Her films "The Danish Poet" and "My Grandmother Ironed the King's Shirts" were included in the Animation Show of Shows.

</doc>
<doc id="9724226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724226" title="Ol' Skool Rodz">
Ol' Skool Rodz

Ol' Skool Rodz is a magazine published by Geno DiPol and Koolhouse Publications, featuring Kustom Culture lifestyles, Pin-Ups, Rat Rods, Kustom Cars, and Artwork. This magazine has a huge cult following and is considered (along with CK Deluxe) an informative view of the Modern Kustom Culture lifestyle. Many of its articles are often written in a humorous style, often sending up the high-end car enthusiasts, legislators and even Kustom Kulture itself.

</doc>
<doc id="9724229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724229" title="Sir Robert Burdett, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Robert Burdett, 3rd Baronet

Sir Robert Burdett, 3rd Baronet DL (11 January 1640 – 18 January 1716) was an English baronet and Tory politician.
Background and education.
Burdett was the offspring of a Warwickshire family, who had settled also in Derbyshire. He was oldest son of Sir Francis Burdett, 2nd Baronet and his wife Elizabeth, daughter of Sir John Walter, some time a Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer. In 1659, he went to Queen's College, Oxford and then was called to the bar by Gray's Inn in 1662. On the death of his father in 1696, he succeeded to the baronetcy.
Career.
Burdett entered the English House of Commons in 1679, sitting for Warwickshire in the next both years. In 1689 he was elected for Lichfield, which he represented until his retirement in 1698. In Parliament he spoke unsuccessfully against the attainder of Sir John Fenwick, 3rd Baronet, who was beheaded shortly afterwards. He was nominated a Deputy Lieutenant in 1704, serving for Warwickshire.
Family.
Burdett married firstly Mary, only daughter of Gervase Pigot in 1666 and had by her a son and a daughter. After her death two years later, he married again Magdalen Aston, daughter of Sir Thomas Aston, 1st Baronet in 1676. By her Burdett had another four sons and as many daughters. His third wife was Mary, daughter of Thomas Brome. Burdett died in January 1716, aged 76; he was survived by his last wife. Robert, his only surviving son had predeceased him for two week and so the title was claimed by the former baronet's younger brother Walter. Elizabeth, Robert's wife, however was pregnant at the time of his death and when her son Robert, named after his father, was born in May 1716, he succeeded to the baronetcy.

</doc>
<doc id="9724234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724234" title="Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 1973">
Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 1973

This is a list of Members of the Northern Ireland Assembly elected in 1973.
All members elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly at the 1973 election are listed and grouped by party.

</doc>
<doc id="9724236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724236" title="Ann Cummins">
Ann Cummins

Ann Cummins is an American fiction writer. She was born in Durango, Colorado, and grew up in New Mexico. She is a graduate of writing programs at Johns Hopkins University and the University of Arizona. She is the author of a short story collection, "Red Ant House" (2003), and a novel, "Yellowcake" (Houghton Mifflin, 2007). Cummins lives in Flagstaff, Arizona, where she teaches creative writing at Northern Arizona University, and in Oakland, California, with her husband, the musician S. E. Willis.
"Yellowcake" is about two families, Irish-catholic and Navajo, that are struggling with the laws of uranium mining .

</doc>
<doc id="9724239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724239" title="Burn (Mobb Deep song)">
Burn (Mobb Deep song)

"Burn" is the first single from Mobb Deep's fifth album "Infamy". The song features Big Noyd and Vita. On the album, the track is listed as "The Learning (Burn)".
Background.
Prodigy's verse contains a subliminal diss towards Jay-Z, in response to the song Takeover.
Music Video.
The music video was directed by Diane Martel & features a cameo by DJ Kay Slay. Although Vita is on the chorus of the song, she does not appear in the music video for the song due to Mobb Deep's Beef with Jay-Z (who had a strong relationship with her record label Murder Inc Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9724241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724241" title="Tony Saunders (bassist)">
Tony Saunders (bassist)

Tony Saunders is an American bass player and synthesizer player in the genres of jazz, gospel, R&B, Pop and world music. He is a composer, arranger, music producer, and head of his own studio, Studio 1281.
Biography.
Saunders comes from a musical family. His world famous keyboardist father, Merl Saunders, got him started at an early age. He began singing at the age of five, and played piano from age eight. Herbie Hancock and Sly Stone were among Saunders’ early teachers, and Sly gave Saunders an organ at the age of ten. At age fourteen he began playing the bass.
In 1969, Tony's Dad, Merl Saunders, was the Musical Director for the Joseph Dolan Tuotti musical "Big Time Buck White" (which featured Muhammad Ali and Donald Sutherland among others), with music and lyrics by Oscar Brown Jr.. During that time, Tony was the lead singer for The Man Child Singers.
The Man Child Singers performed and recorded the songs "Right On" and "Mighty Whitey" from that play on a 45 produced by his father's label Summertone Records. This single was included in the compilation CD "Home Schooled: The ABCs Of Kid Soul" in 2007. The Manchild Singers also recorded a San Francisco Giants jingle.
Tony received one of his first piano lessons from Herbie Hancock, and was awarded a fellowship at the prestigious San Francisco Conservatory of Music for piano. His first Fender bass guitar was a gift from Tom Fogerty, brother of John Fogerty and rhythm guitarist for Creedence Clearwater Revival. He graduated from the Conservatory of Music in San Francisco. He received an Emmy at 14 years old with his father for the children's special "Soul Is", a PBS documentary featuring Black poetry accompanied by Tony on the bass.
At age 17 he began playing with his father and Jerry Garcia, and was a featured musician in Merl Saunders & Aunt Monk. Later Tony played in the original Rainforest Band, and recorded on all other projects of his father's. Legendary bassists Chuck Rainey, Jack Casady and John Kahn all took interest in Saunders’s ability. John Kahn turned Saunders on to James Jamerson, and Saunders modeled his playing around all of his teachers. Other influences include Stanley Clarke, Alphonso Johnson, Rufus Reid, Ralphe Armstrong, and current favorite Marcus Miller. This has led to a very flexible and diverse style.
Saunders has scored movies, corporate videos, TV shows and commercials, and produced many CDs, primarily out of his own studio, Studio 1281. He wrote the music to the stage play "Zetta", performed in San Francisco by the American Conservatory Theatre, and also assumed the role of musical director for the show. He was the musical director of "Rock Justice", written by Bob Heyman and Marty Balin of Jefferson Starship. Artists collaborating with him on recent projects have included Mavis Staples, John Lee Hooker and Austin "Auggie" Brown, the nephew of Michael Jackson. (Auggie's project was sold to Midas Records.) Tony has also been a staff producer for San Francisco Records, bringing Ashling Cole to the label and producing her project. Tony has produced over 400 tracks with his core musicians Dante Taz Roberson on Drums, Bill Hampton on Guitar, and Sylvester Burks on Keyboards. Tony's first solo CD "Bigger than Outside" was released in October 2011. It remained on the charts for 70 weeks. His new CD "Appaloosa" was released January 22, 2014. It features Tony on Bass, Grammy winners Howard Hewett, Bill Champlin and Tony Lindsay on vocals. The CD has 7 instrumentals and 6 vocal songs. Tom Politzer from Tower of Power, Rock Hendricks from Paul Hardcastle's Jazz master series also grace the CD with their Sax playing. Longtime friends of Tony's, Fred Ross and Sakai, background singer with Train, also sing their hearts out on the duet "The Question Is".
Saunders has been influenced by Gospel music since he was a young child. He studied under choir director Leon Patillo. Saunders met the Hawkins family when he was 14, and credits them with not only inspiring him to play bass, but also with giving spiritual guidance to his life. He played with Walter Hawkins, Edwin Hawkins and the Love Center Choir in the 80's, and released "He Lifted Me Up", his first gospel project, in 2005. Among the other Gospel artists Saunders has played with are Andrae Crouch, the Clark Sisters, the late Reverend James Moore, Daryl Coley, James Cleveland and the Williams Brothers, The Might Clouds Of Joy and Shirley Ceaser. His most recent Gospel project features Derrick Hughes, Alfreda Lyons-Campbell, and Saunders' longtime friend, gospel bassist/drummer Joel Smith (Walter and Ed's nephew).
Saunders has worked with and performed on behalf of several charitable and social issue-oriented organizations including Bread And Roses, the Seva Foundation, the Rex Foundation, Rock for Hope, the Haight-Ashbury Free Clinic, and the Rainforest Action Network.
Bands featuring Tony Saunders include Keystone Revisited, Tony Saunders Romancing The Bass, Merl Saunders & the Rainforest Band, Band of Gypsies with Buddy Miles, Mitch Mitchell, Randy Hansen, Zero, Robert Winters & Fall, David Crosby, Tony Saunders & Paradize, and M.R.L.S. A re-launch of the Rainforest Band as a tribute to Merl Saunders took place at the 29th Starwood Festival on July 25, 2009, the site of their last performance, featuring Tony Saunders, guitarist Michael Hinton, and other members of the Rainforest Band and other Saunders’ projects. Also appearing were Sikiru Adepoju on talking drum and Douglas "Val" Serrant on steel drum and djembe.
Awards and honors.
Saunders has received two Emmy awards. He also won the New York Film Festival's Grand and Silver Award for educational compositions.

</doc>
<doc id="9724265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724265" title="WDRU">
WDRU

WDRU (1030 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Wake Forest, North Carolina, USA, the station serves the Raleigh, North Carolina area. The station is currently owned by Truth Broadcasting Corporation and features programing from Salem Radio Network.
WDRU broadcasts Wake Forest Demon Deacons sports programming, beginning with the 2012 football season. Its parent company, Truth Broadcasting, reached a deal with WEGO in Winston-Salem and WKEW in Greensboro to provide coverage along the I-40 corridor, which was previously covered by WZTK before flipping to Spanish programming. 
History.
WFTK was a Christian radio station and later aired Spanish language programming before Truth Broadcasting changed to the current format.
The station was first licensed as WBZN in 1984, but signed on in 1988 as WFTK, from studios along NC 56 in Butner, NC. On May 3, 2005, WFTK became WDRU. 
The city of license changed from Wake Forest to Creedmoor, and the pattern was modified to better serve listeners in the western Triangle in 2005.
Translators.
WDRU broadcasts daytime hours only unlike its sister station, WTRU in the Greensboro/Winston-Salem market. This is to protect WBZ in Boston. However, the station does operate FM translators, both which broadcast 24 hours. The station is also heard in HD Radio at 103.9-2, WNNL-FM HD2.

</doc>
<doc id="9724294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724294" title="Ari Sandel">
Ari Sandel

Ari Devon Sandel is the director of the short film, "West Bank Story," which won the 2006 Academy Award in the category Best Live Action Short Film.
Life and career.
Sandel was raised in Calabasas, California, the son of Kathy (Hale) and Dan Sandel. His father is Israeli and his mother is American. He studied Media Arts at the University of Arizona in Tucson where he also received a special certificate in Middle Eastern Studies. He went on to earn his Directing M.F.A. from the University of Southern California's school of Cinema-Television. "West Bank Story" premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and has screened at over one hundred fifty film festivals worldwide, winning prizes from 30.
Sandel also directed a 2006 documentary, "", which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival.
In addition to film making, Sandel has also traveled in Europe, Asia, South America, and extensively throughout the Middle East including Israel and the Palestinian Authority, Egypt, Morocco, Jordan, Turkey, and Dubai and is very involved with various political organizations with interests in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="9724329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724329" title="Too Dear!">
Too Dear!

"Too Dear!" is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy first published in 1897. It is a humorous account of the troubles of dealing with a criminal in the kingdom of Monaco.
Synopsis.
All is well in the kingdom of Monaco until a man commits a murder. The king had never had to deal with a murderer before, and after the judicial process had run its course and the man had been sentenced to death, he runs into considerable trouble trying to carry out the sentence. Monaco has no guillotine and no executioner, so they ask the government of France to see if they could borrow them. France offers to send a guillotine and an executioner for 16,000 francs. This would require levying more taxes, so the king tries requesting help from the king of Italy, but the cost would only be somewhat lower at 12,000 francs. The decision is made to simply keep the murderer imprisoned for life.
Life imprisonment, however, presents its own set of problems. There needs to be a guard at all times, and the man has to be fed. The yearly costs are calculated to be 600 francs, which would still necessitate an increase of taxes. It is decided that the guard should be dismissed, even at the risk of losing the prisoner.
The prisoner, however, does not try to escape and continues to eat the food provided by the government. The Minister of Justice decides that the criminal is not worth the trouble and asks him why he does not escape. The criminal responds that he has nowhere to go in Monaco and that his reputation is ruined. He is finally given an annual salary by the government to remain in exile just outside of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="9724372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724372" title="Trio Ceresio">
Trio Ceresio

The Trio Ceresio is an internationally renowned Swiss classical music piano trio founded in Lugano, Switzerland, which has performed worldwide much of the piano trio repertoire. 
Its current members are:
History.
Three internationally renowned artists who share the same passion decided to bring their music to audiences throughout the world. Anthony Flint violinist and cellist Johann Sebastian Paetsch, conceived the idea of the Trio Ceresio in their homes on the shores of Lake Lugano, which is known locally as Ceresio. The pianist Sylviane Deferne, who also shares the desire to explore the piano trio repertoire. The union of these three artists and with their combined artistic qualities has ensured the group instant success from the promoters and their audience since their first performance.
Performances.
The concerts held in Italy, the Summer Festival of Verona, Cremona and Switzerland to Schubertiade Festival of Freiburg and in Switzerland, have all had a great success. After another successful series of concerts held in Lugano, the Trio Ceresio were asked to record the compositions for piano trio of from the composers of Beethoven and Arensky for Radio Svizzera Italiana. 
A recent Swiss television production featured the works of Shostakovich and Dvorak. This season, the Trio Ceresio performed with great success the Beethoven Triple Concerto with the Orchestra of Gunma in Japan. In 2009 a series of concerts was devoted entirely to Mendelssohn. 
The Trio Ceresio has had a significant impact on the public, offering an unforgettable listening experience wherever it plays.
References.
Trio Ceresio website

</doc>
<doc id="9724387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724387" title="Priscilla A. Clapp">
Priscilla A. Clapp

Priscilla A. Clapp is a United States diplomat who served as Chief of Mission in Burma from July 1999 to August 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="9724400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724400" title="Vera Pless">
Vera Pless

Vera Pless (née Stepen, born March 5, 1931) is an American mathematician specializing in combinatorics and coding theory. She is professor emeritus at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Biography.
Pless was born on Chicago's west side to a Russian Jewish immigrant family. As a teenager, she was more interested in playing the cello than in mathematics, but she left high school two years early to go to the University of Chicago, and finished her studies there in three years. Inspired by Irving Kaplansky to study abstract algebra, she stayed at the university for a masters degree, which she earned in 1952 not long after marrying her husband, a high-energy experimental physicist. She began working in physics at the University of Chicago, but soon won a fellowship to study at Northwestern University. Her husband became a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Pless moved with him to Massachusetts, where she completed her doctorate from Northwestern in 1957 under the supervision of Alex I. Rosenberg, soon before the birth of her first child.
Two years later, bored with being a stay-at-home mother, Pless began teaching courses at Boston University, and a few years later began searching for a full-time job. Unable to obtain an academic position, she took a position at the Air Force Cambridge Research Laboratory in Massachusetts. where she began working on error-correcting codes. During this time she helped to found an organization called Women in Science and Engineering, and at one point was president. She stayed at AFCRL from 1963 until 1972; a regular visitor and inspiration during this time was Harvard mathematician and cryptographer Andrew Gleason. When the Mansfield amendment banned the military from performing basic research, she moved to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she worked as a research associate for Project MAC. She returned to Chicago in 1975 as a full professor of Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Her husband and youngest son had remained in the Boston area, and five years after the move, she and her husband divorced. She retired in 2006.
Awards and honors.
In 2012 she became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9724418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724418" title="Joker &amp; the Thief">
Joker &amp; the Thief

"Joker & the Thief" is the sixth single from Australian band Wolfmother's debut album "Wolfmother". It was released in Sydney, Australia on 28 October 2006 and in the United Kingdom on 20 November 2006. The music video for the song was nominated for the "Best Rock Video" and "Video of the Year" awards at the 2007 MTV Australia Awards.
"Joker & the Thief" is featured in such movies as "Jackass Number Two", "Shoot 'Em Up", "Shrek the Third", "The Hangover", "Here Comes the Boom" and video games "",NHL 14 and , as well as Mitsubishi and Peugeot commercials. It is also available as downloadable content for the music video game series "Rock Band", and is playable on music video games "Karaoke Revolution Presents American Idol Encore 2" and "Rock Revolution". It has also recently been used in a promotion for Microsoft's Kinect for the Xbox 360. It also features in the TV show Misfits in the first episode of series 4. The song is played at Rogers Arena during Vancouver Canucks games and at Madison Square Garden during New York Rangers games when the home team goes on a power play. The Rangers also used the song at times between 2007-2009 as they made their way to the ice. The song was also used when the Chicago Blackhawks use their timeout. The Queen's University Gaels have played the song at their football games prior to each kickoff and overtime period. It was also used as the entrance music as the players entered the ice for the 2011 NHL All Star Game played at the RBC Center in Raleigh, North Carolina, The song is also used by Scottish Ice Hockey team The Braehead Clan as the players enter the ice. The song was also utilized in the entrance video for the West Virginia University Mountaineers Football team during the 2011 season. Wolfmother also performed it as their last song as the support act for Australian rock band AC/DC on their 2010 Australian tour Black Ice (album)
The titular "joker" and "thief" are a reference to the lyrics of "All Along the Watchtower".
The song is played when kick off for Brighton and Hove Albion matches, is 30 minutes away at The American Express Community Stadium.
The song is played also for the introduction of the Phoenix Suns during the 2013-14 season.
This song is also played for the USHL's Indiana Ice hockey team during warmups.
Track listings.
All songs are credited to Wolfmother.
Australian CD single
UK CD single
UK DVD single
UK 7" vinyl

</doc>
<doc id="9724431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724431" title="Raimundos">
Raimundos

Raimundos is a Brazilian punk/hardcore band. They have major influences of 1980s punk bands, especially Ramones. The band was formed in Brasilia, in 1987 by Digão and Rodolfo Abrantes. The vocalist Derrick Green of Sepultura participated on their CD "Kavookavala" and João Gordo of Ratos de Porão participated on their first album "Raimundos" (1994) providing backing vocals on the song "MM's". The name of the band refers to one of its biggest influences, Ramones, being also one of the most common male first names in Brazilian northeast region.
Members.
Current Members.
Live members

</doc>
<doc id="9724437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724437" title="Caño Manamo">
Caño Manamo

The Caño Manamo is a distributary of the Orinoco River. It branches northwards from the main channel of the Orinoco
to delimit the western edge of the Orinoco Delta, ultimately emptying into the Gulf of Paria. Tucupita, the capital of Delta Amacuro state, is located on the east bank (right) of the Caño Manamo. Manamo is a Warao word meaning "two."

</doc>
<doc id="9724452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724452" title="Wearing and Tearing">
Wearing and Tearing

"Wearing and Tearing" is a song by English rock group Led Zeppelin. It is the eighth and final track on their final studio album, Coda. It was recorded at Polar Studios in Stockholm, Sweden during the "In Through the Out Door" sessions on 21 November 1978.
Due to space constraints it was one of three songs recorded at Polar Studios which were omitted from "In Through the Out Door" and later released on "Coda", the other two being "Ozone Baby" and "Darlene".
"Wearing and Tearing" is one of the band's hardest rockers and was intended as a statement that Led Zeppelin could compete against the popular punk bands of the time. Gibson wrote, "Wearing and Tearing" is the Proof that when it came to energy and aggression, punk rockers had nothing on the Zep." The band considered releasing the song as a special commemorative single in time for their performance at the 1979 Knebworth Festival, but this plan was abandoned because of time constraints.
This song was never performed live at Led Zeppelin concerts, but Jimmy Page and Robert Plant played it at their Knebworth reunion in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="9724460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724460" title="Friesland Bank">
Friesland Bank

Friesland Bank is a Dutch retail bank originally focusing on the northern provinces of the Netherlands, Friesland, Groningen, Drenthe, Overijssel, and North Holland. On 2 April 2012 Friesland Bank announced that it would become a 100% daughter of Rabobank Nederland after a merger plan with NIBC was blocked by De Nederlandse Bank.
History.
Founded in 1913 as the Coöperatieve Zuivelbank "(Co-operative Dairy bank)", it affiliated with "Raiffeisenbank". However, as Raiffeisenbank merged with the Boerenleenbank to form Rabobank, the Coöperatieve Zuivelbank was once again fully independent. In 1970, the company changed its name to Friesland Bank. Originally operating only in Friesland itself, Friesland Bank started opening branches in the northern Netherlands in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="9724466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724466" title="Worms?">
Worms?

Worms? is a 1983 computer game written by David Maynard for Electronic Arts, released for the Atari 800 and Commodore 64. It was one of the original five games that launched the company.
The game is fairly abstract, like Conway's Game of Life, but the player's ostensible goal is to optimally program one or more "worms" (each a / of cellular automaton) to grow and survive as long as possible. The game area is divided up into hexagonal cells, and the worms are essentially programmed to move in a particular direction for each combination of filled-in and empty frame segments in their immediate vicinity. Over the course of a game, the player needs to give his/her worm less and less input, and more and more moves by their worm result in the encountering of familiar situation for which the worm has already been 'trained'. As the worms move, they generate aleatoric music.
In short, "Worms?" is an interactive version of "Paterson's Worms".
Reception.
"Compute!'s Gazette"s reviewer called "Worms?" for the Commodore 64 "one of the most fascinating games I've played in a long time. It's so different from anything else that it quickly captivated me. "Worms?" tournaments become popular among the staff of "Compute!" ... is as much fun to watch as it is to play". He added that part of its appeal was that "The game is hard to master. It's easy to play, but seems almost impossible to play well time after time"."Compute!" listed the game in May 1988 as one of "Our Favorite Games", writing that four years after its introduction ""Worms?" is still in a class by itself".

</doc>
<doc id="9724508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724508" title="Matane (provincial electoral district)">
Matane (provincial electoral district)

Matane is a former provincial electoral district in the Bas-Saint-Laurent and Gaspésie–Îles-de-la-Madeleine regions of Quebec, Canada, that elected members to the National Assembly of Quebec.
It was created for the 1890 election from parts of Rimouski. Its final election was in 2008. It disappeared in the 2012 election and its successor electoral districts were Matane-Matapédia and Gaspé.
Geography.
It is located at the western end of the Gaspé Peninsula, along the southern shore of the Saint Lawrence River.
It consists of the municipalities of:
It also consists of the unorganized territories of:

</doc>
<doc id="9724528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724528" title="SSULI">
SSULI

The Special Sensor Ultraviolet Limb Imager (SSULI) is an imaging spectrometer that is used to observe the earth's ionosphere and thermosphere. These sensors provide vertical intensity profiles of airglow emissions in the extreme ultraviolet and far ultraviolet spectral range of 800 to 1700 Angstrom (80 to 170 nanometre) and scan from 75 km to 750 km tangent altitude. The data from these sensors will be used to infer altitude profiles of ion, electron and neutral density.
The Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) has developed five ultraviolet remote sensing instruments for the Air Force Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP). These instruments known as SSULI (Special Sensor Ultraviolet Limb Imager) will launch aboard the DMSP block of 5D3 satellites, which started in 2003. SSULI measures vertical profiles of the natural airglow radiation from atoms, molecules and ions in the upper atmosphere and ionosphere by viewing the Earth's limb at a tangent altitude of approximately 50 km to 750 km. The second SSULI flight was launched on November 4, 2006. The remaining sensors are scheduled for launch approximately every 24 months.
Overview.
The United States Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) has built five of these ultraviolet spectrographs for the United States Air Force (USAF) Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP) block of 5D3 satellites.
Launch.
The first sensor was launched on the DMSP F16 spacecraft in October 2003 into a sun-synchronous 830 km circular orbit at a local time of 0800-2000 UT.
Mission details.
Measurements are made from the extreme ultraviolet (EUV) to the far ultraviolet (FUV) over the wavelength range of 80 nanometers to 170 nanometers, with 1.8 nanometer resolution. The satellites will be launched in a near-polar, sun-synchronous orbit at an altitude of approximately 830 km. The Low Resolution Airglow and Auroral Spectrograph (LORAAS), a SSULI prototype, was launched on board the Advanced Research and Global Observation Satellite (ARGOS) on February 23, 1999. LORAAS data is being used to validate SSULI algorithms that convert raw measurements (Figure 2) into useful environmental parameters that characterize the upper atmosphere.
Software.
An extensive operational data processing system has been developed to generate environmental data from SSULI spectral data. Spectral data from the LORAAS instrument is also part of this platform. This system, known as the Ground Data Analysis Software (GDAS), includes operational data reduction software using advanced science algorithms also developed at NRL, a customized graphical user interface (GUI), and comprehensive validation techniques. Programs are designed to generate a SSULI Prep file from multiple data sources including Raw Sensor Data Records (RSDR) at the Air Force Weather Agency (AFWA), HIRAAS real-time data assembled at US Space Command, and an extensive HIRAAS infobase on site at the Naval Research Laboratory.
Technical information.
The sensor has a field-of-view of 2.4°x0.15° and sweeps out a 2.4°x17° field-of-regard during each 90 second scan, with wavelength coverage between 800Å and 1700Å at 23Å resolution. The field of view scans ahead of the spacecraft in the orbital plane through a 17° field of regard, corresponding to approximately 75–750 km altitude.

</doc>
<doc id="9724529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724529" title="Gary M. Reiner">
Gary M. Reiner

Gary M. Reiner (born c. 1953) was Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of General Electric, a position he had held since 1996. Reiner joined GE in 1991 as Vice President-Corporate Business Development where he was responsible for evaluating new business ideas and acquisitions, strategic planning, company-wide sourcing and driving best practices throughout the business. In 1996, he led the company's Six Sigma Quality initiative, driving process implementation and program execution across all GE businesses. As part of his current role, Reiner leads the GE information technology, sourcing and Lean Six Sigma efforts company-wide.
On March 1, 2010, Gary Reiner announced his intention to leave General Electric to pursue outside opportunities. Charlene Begley, CEO of GE Enterprise Solutions takes over the role and responsibilities of CIO at General Electric. Reiner recently joined General Atlantic as a special advisor where he will be advising the company on investment opportunities around the globe.[http://www.generalatlantic.com/en/news/article/1336]
Reiner received a B.A. in economics from Harvard in 1976 and earned an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School in 1980. He joined the Boston Consulting Group in 1980 and was elected a partner in 1986. His work there focused on strategic and process issues for high-technology businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="9724530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724530" title="Androcles (disambiguation)">
Androcles (disambiguation)

Androcles may be:

</doc>
<doc id="9724546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724546" title="Warrant of delivery">
Warrant of delivery

Warrant of delivery is a method of enforcing court judgments used in the legal systems of the United Kingdom and Canada.
If someone has an item or goods belonging to another, who wishes these things to be returned, a warrant of delivery is the method to use to force return of items to their lawful owner. The lawful owner must have a court judgment or order that says the items are to be returned. The lawful owner must pay a fee to the court and send the court a request for a warrant of delivery.
No hearing is needed, as the court bailiff will simply contact the person who has the items and set an appointment to remove them.

</doc>
<doc id="9724548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724548" title="Woman (Wolfmother song)">
Woman (Wolfmother song)

"Woman" is a song by Australian rock band Wolfmother, featured on their 2005 debut studio album "Wolfmother". It was released as the band's fourth single in Australia on 17 June 2006, and later in the United Kingdom on 17 July. It became a massive hit at rock radio during the summer of 2006 in the United States, achieving peaks of number 7 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 10 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart. "Woman" won the award for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards in 2007.
"Woman" was featured in the soundtracks of "The Game Plan", "Major League Baseball 2K7", "MotorStorm", "Madden NFL 07", "Tony Hawk's Project 8", "Pure", and remix in ' and is a playable song in "Guitar Hero II" and on "Guitar Hero Smash Hits"., and is available as downloadable content for the Rock Band series of video games as of 27 October 2009. The song was remixed by MSTRKRFT, The Avalanches and JD Twitch, all of which appeared on one or more of the single's formats. The song was also used in promotional trailers during the second season of "Prison Break". The song was used as the team entrance music for the Columbus Blue Jackets during the NHL 2008-2009 season. It is featured in the video game "Saints Row 2". The song was used in a scene in the 2009 film "Lesbian Vampire Killers" and for the theatrical trailer of "The Hangover Part II" as well as "Green Lantern", ' and "This Means War". It also appears in the episode "Chuck Versus Phase Three", of the TV show "Chuck".
In Australia, the original recording of the song was ranked number 45 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2004 after appearing on their debut EP "Wolfmother".
Track listings.
All songs written by Andrew Stockdale, Chris Ross and Myles Heskett.

</doc>
<doc id="9724581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724581" title="Myede">
Myede

Myede also known as Aunglan (formerly known as Allanmyo) is a city in Thayet District of the Magway Region of Burma (Myanmar). It is a port on the left (eastern) bank of the Irrawaddy, across and just north of Thayetmyo, between the cities of Pyay (Prome) and Magway. It is the administrative seat for Aunglan Township. , the population was estimated at over 72,000. 
Transport.
Since 1999, it has been served by a branch line of Myanmar Railways.

</doc>
<doc id="9724587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724587" title="Royal Titles Act 1974">
Royal Titles Act 1974

The Royal Titles Act 1974 changed the New Zealand title of the monarch of New Zealand to 'Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God Queen of New Zealand and Her Other Realms and Territories, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith.'. The Queen's original title in New Zealand described her as 'Elizabeth II, by the Grace of God "of the United Kingdom", New Zealand and Her Other Realms and Territories Queen, Head of the Commonwealth, Defender of the Faith'. 
The Act was part of a program of nationalism on the part of the third Labour government. However it was unanimously supported in parliament and, unusually, all three stages of the bill were passed in a single sitting.

</doc>
<doc id="9724599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724599" title="Isaac Hellmuth">
Isaac Hellmuth

Isaac Hellmuth (December 14, 1819 – 28 May 1901), second Anglican Bishop of the Diocese of Huron, was the founder of Huron University College and the University of Western Ontario, one of Canada's leading universities. He was also founder of Hellmuth Ladies' College, now defunct, formerly of London, Ontario.
Biography.
Isaac was born in Poland in 1819 into a Jewish family and educated at the University of Breslau. His father was a rabbi and he trained to be a rabbi himself. However, intellectual discourse with theologians of other faiths made him question his faith and his father disowned him. He was forced to take his mother’s maiden name.
He moved to England in 1842 and made his decision to convert to Christianity, specifically Anglicanism, and later confirmed to the Church of England in Canada. By 1844 he entered the ministry and was sent to the Anglican Diocese of Toronto. He studied for his ordination and, because of his prior education, soon had an appointment to Bishop's University (Bishop's College) in Lennoxville where he was ordained and became a professor of Hebrew and rabbinical literature.
Hellmuth founded the Western University of London, Ontario in 1878, which was later renamed Western University. He was the first principal of Huron University College, the founding college of the University of Western Ontario.
His son, I. F. Hellmuth (1845–1944), was the first champion of what became the Canadian National Tennis Championship, now known as the Canadian Open (tennis) or the Rogers Cup (tennis). Isadore Hellmuth also founded the Toronto Lawn Tennis Club and won the inaugural United States national tennis championship tournament played in 1881 at the Toronto Lawn Tennis Club.

</doc>
<doc id="9724614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724614" title="Wilhelm Schimmel">
Wilhelm Schimmel

Schimmel is a German piano maker. The company was founded in 1885 in Leipzig by Wilhelm Schimmel. This company is especially popular for its high quality concert grand pianos. In August 2009, the biggest piano maker in Germany became insolvent and was protected from its creditors in a manner similar to "chapter 11" in the USA. In April 2010, after the firm was financially restructured, it became solvent and healthy again and has been released from its protected state by the German authorities. The company is now fully owned by the Schimmel family.
In May 2010, the company celebrated its 125 anniversary with a special ceremony held in Brunswick Cathedral in its home city of Braunschweig and the announcement of several new models.

</doc>
<doc id="9724617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724617" title="Shunsaku Okuda">
Shunsaku Okuda

Shunsaku Okuda is the leader of the Japanese rock/pop band, the brilliant green, where he plays bass guitar, rhythm guitar as well as composed the vast majority of the band's music. He also produces music under the pseudonyms Chiffon Brownie, Malibu Convertible, and Mark and John.
Personal life.
On November 22, 2003 he married the brilliant green's lead singer, Tomoko Kawase. "Brownie" is the nickname Tommy calls him by.

</doc>
<doc id="9724649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724649" title="Get Away (Mobb Deep song)">
Get Away (Mobb Deep song)

"Get Away" is the third single from Mobb Deep's "Infamy" album. The song is produced by Ez Elpee & the music video is directed by Diane Martel. This b-side features the song "Hey Luv (Anything)", the group's previous single, featuring 112.

</doc>
<doc id="9724675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724675" title="Spiff (disambiguation)">
Spiff (disambiguation)

Spiff, SPIFF, or SPIF may refer to:
In fiction:

</doc>
<doc id="9724683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724683" title="Islam in Oceania">
Islam in Oceania

Islam in Oceania refers to Islam and Muslims in Oceania. By current estimates, there are 498,395 Muslims in Oceania, 399,000 in Australia, 36,072 in New Zealand, 54,323 in Fiji, 6,350 in New Caledonia, 2,000 in Papua New Guinea, 350 in Solomon Islands, 200 in Vanuatu, 100 in Tonga and tiny numbers in Kiribati and Samoa.
According to a 2007 article in "Pacific Magazine", entitled 'Green Moon Rising', Islam has seen a substantial increase in adherents amongst the peoples of Vanuatu, Fiji, Solomon Islands, Papua New Guinea and New Caledonia. There have been thousands of indigenous converts to Islam in Melanesia.
There are also approximately 400 Muslims in Palau, whose government recently allowed a few Uyghurs detained in Guantanamo Bay to settle in the island nation.
Geography.
Eastern French Polynesia (Tuamotus) is antipodal to Mecca in Saudi Arabia, where Islam originated.
History.
Islam has been in some parts of Oceania for at least 400 years (since the 1600s). When the people of New Guinea traded with China and the Malay empire, in the early 17th century, the presence of Islam was felt in Oceania for the first time.
Other parts of Oceania did not feel the presence of Islam until the 19th century. For instance, the first Muslims in Fiji came when Muslim migrants came on a ship bringing indentured labourers to Fiji in 1879. Muslims consisted of 22% of the boarders on "Leonidas", which was the first such ship.

</doc>
<doc id="9724684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724684" title="Love Train (Wolfmother song)">
Love Train (Wolfmother song)

"Love Train" is a song by Australian hard rock band Wolfmother, featured on the 2006 international version of their debut studio album "Wolfmother". "Love Train" was released as the fifth single from "Wolfmother", on 7" picture disc, CD single and as a digital download, on 18 September 2006 by Island Records. It became a minor commercial success in the United Kingdom, reaching number 62 on the UK Singles Chart.
The music video for "Love Train" was directed by Jay Martin, who described it as a combination of "band portraits and epic, heroic performance." The CD single featured a live version of hit single "Woman" recorded at radio station Triple J, as well as the music video; a 12" picture disc version of the single was later released in 2007, featuring a number of remixes by English electronic band Chicken Lips.
"Love Train" was noted for being featured in an iPod advertisement.
It was also featured in The Hangover Part II in the scene where Alan, Phil, Stu, and Teddy are racing to their wedding in a speedboat.

</doc>
<doc id="9724694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724694" title="Angel Cup">
Angel Cup

Angel Cup (엔젤컵) is a manhwa about girls' soccer in Korea. The writer is Youn Jae-ho (윤재호), and the artist is Kim Dong-wook (김동욱).
The series was translated into English by Tokyopop; the Tokyopop version of the manhwa is out of print as of August 31, 2009.
Plot.
Angel Cup is a story about the formation of a High School Girls' Soccer League in South Korea. It centers around two players in particular- Lee Soh-Jin and Shin-bee

</doc>
<doc id="9724702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724702" title="Parbaking">
Parbaking

Parbaking is a cooking technique in which a bread or dough product is partially baked and then rapidly frozen for storage. The raw dough is baked normally, but halted at about 80% of the normal cooking time, when it is rapidly cooled and frozen. The partial cooking kills the yeast in the bread mixture, and sets the internal structure of the proteins and starches (the spongy texture of the bread), so that the inside is sterile and stable, but the loaf has not generated "crust" or other externally desirable qualities that are difficult to preserve once fully cooked. 
A parbaked loaf of semi-cooked bread is in a form that is relatively stable against aging. It can be transported easily, and stored until needed. Parbaked loaves are kept in sealed containers that prevent moisture loss. They are also usually frozen. A parbaked loaf appears as a risen loaf of bread, with much of the firmness of a finished loaf, but without a browned or golden crust (in the case of a normally light colored bread). It does not age or become stale like a fully baked loaf of bread.
When the final bread product is desired, a parbaked loaf is "finished off" by baking it at normal temperatures for an additional 10 to 15 minutes. The exact time must be determined by testing, and varies by the product. The final bread is then often indistinguishable from freshly baked bread. 
Effect on cost and supply of bread.
Parbaking has shifted the economics of freshly baked bread. Parbaking allows manufacturers of bread to prepare, and then distribute bread to a market far beyond the geographic limits of conventional fresh bread. In the past, the roughly one day expiration period of freshly baked bread limited the reach of small bakeries to a local market. Significant transport times would waste too much of the bread's useful life. However, with a parbaked product that is frozen until final baking, a bakery can supply distant outlets with breads ready for baking on demand.
Parbaking can save costs for many parties that distribute bread. The source bakery benefits because it can sell to more customers: The range of its breads are no longer limited by an expiration date. More varieties of bread can be produced for this larger market, because much less will expire in transit. The product is not wasted if unconsumed, so less-popular specialized breads can be delivered. Also, commercial buyers can buy larger quantities without fear of expiration. Since most of the baking occurs at the source bakery, the source bakery can also assure that their branded product will reach consumers in peak quality. Parbaking has enabled national bakery brands distributed in either supermarkets and branded retail shops. Some examples include Brioches la Boulangere in France; Signature Breads in the United States; and Tim Hortons in Canada.
Supermarkets (secondary distributors) also benefit, because parbaking lets them reduce the need for skilled bakers in their stores. Only a simple finishing bake is needed, so simple instructions and baking times are easy for untrained store personnel. Instead of a complex bakery with specialized equipment, only a simple oven is needed. Also, bread is only baked when it is needed. As bread sells out through the day, more can be baked. 
The consumer benefits, because freshly baked bread is available in markets where it may not have previously been available due to geography or other causes. Thus, small towns without specialty bakeries can benefit. 
On the other hand, parbaked bread is not a natural product. Chemicals are added to guarantee the flour and dough composition. Yeast may be added in excessive quantities to create breads of the same size but more air content and less dough. Also, the bake-off product hardens quicker than an artisan bread or roll.
The parbaking technique may upset the dynamic of the local "artisanal" producer if one already exists in a neighborhood. If parbaked bread is introduced to consumers previously accustomed to such local products, and if the new parbaked product is equally palatable, and available at lower cost (due to efficiencies achieved by mass distribution), the local producer may be at a disadvantage.

</doc>
<doc id="9724703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724703" title="A. R. Schwartz">
A. R. Schwartz

Aaron Robert Schwartz, always known as A. R. Schwartz or "Babe" Schwartz (born July 17, 1926) is a former member of the Texas Legislature. He served in the Texas House of Representatives from 1955 to 1959 and the Texas Senate, District 17 from 1960 to 1981, representing Galveston, Texas.
Personal.
A. R. Schwartz, a Jewish Texan politician, was born in Galveston, Texas. Schwartz attended Texas A&M University and the University of Texas School of Law. He is married to the former Marilyn Cohn of Harlingen, Texas, and they have four sons: Bob and Dick Schwartz, both of whom live in Houston, John Schwartz, who lives in New Jersey, and Tom Schwartz, who lives in Florida.
Texas Legislature.
As a legislator, he specialized in legislation to protect the environment and manage the resources of coastal areas, and earned a reputation as a fiery liberal speaker and a wit. In Molly Ivins's book "Molly Ivins Can't Say That, Can She?," Ivins referred to Schwartz as a "white-maned pixie" and called him one of the legislature's "excellent orators." Reporter Patricia Kilday Hart referred to Schwartz in the Houston Chronicle "as one of the most liberal, yellow-dog Democrats ever to serve in the Texas Legislature." In "of a Maddog: A Romp Through the High-Flying Texas Music and Literary Era of the Fifties to the SeventiesJay Dunston Milner referred to Schwartz, along with Bob Eckhardt, John Henry Faulk, Maury Maverick, Jr. and others, as being among those in the 1960s who "fought the good fight against the Philistines. They lost most of the time, of course--the Philistines were in the majority. But they won a skirmish here and a point there, anyway, which was better than nothing." Texas Monthly took note, stating that during the sixties and seventies, the best entertainment the Capitol had to offer was the oratory of Galveston senator A. R. "Babe" Schwartz. [http://www.texasmonthly.com/preview/2001-09-01/politics6 Schwartz was also named one of the "Ten Best Legislators" by "Texas Monthly" four times. The first time, in 1973, the magazine called him "the most complex, remarkable man in the Senate" and "one of the most consistently influential members." As a legislator, Schwartz was known for his spirited feuds, in particular with fellow state senators William T. "Bill" Moore of Bryan, called "the Bull of the Brazos" and William Neff Patman, son of former U.S. Representative Wright Patman. In a dispute with Hilmar Moore, the longtime mayor of Richmond, Texas, over Moore's appointment to the state's Public Welfare Board, Schwartz said, “You can have that job over my dead body.” Moore replied, “Senator, I can’t think of any other way I’d rather have it.” 
In the 1979 legislative session he helped lead the "Killer Bees," a group of state senators who brought the legislature to a standstill by going into hiding and breaking the Senate quorum. During his tenure as a lawmaker, he served on every major committee of the legislature, and served as the chairman of the Rules, Jurisprudence and Natural Resources Committees. 
Schwartz was defeated in the 1980 election by Republican J. E. "Buster" Brown, a candidate who was recruited by then 29-year-old Karl Rove, who was working at the time for Texas governor Bill Clements. Since his defeat, Schwartz has worked as a lobbyist. Decades after his defeat, however, he remains a newsworthy figure: the "Galveston County Daily News", in November 2007, published a story on one of its blogs stating that the "legendary Texas lawmaker" had not, in fact, died. Schwartz has continued to work with the legislature. In October 2008, he was appointed to the House Select Committee on Hurricane Ike Storm Devastation to the Texas Gulf Coast by the then-Speaker of the House, Tom Craddick, as the committee's public member.
Media appearances.
Schwartz became a lobbyist and legislative consultant on local, state and national issues. He has appeared in the PBS documentary "Vote For Me: Politics in America" (1996) and "Bush's Brain" (2006). Between 1996 and 2005, he taught Legislation and Coastal Zone Management Law at the University of Houston Law Center as an adjunct professor. In 2009, he began teaching Coastal and Ocean Law at the University of Texas School of Law. In September 2008, he was quoted in The New York Times on the subject of damage to Galveston from Hurricane Ike and other hurricanes over the years. The 1900 Galveston hurricane that devastated Galveston, he said, was a “message from God.” He explained: “God’s message was, ‘man wasn’t meant to live on no damned island.’” In an Associated Press story after Hurricane Ike about the fact that the 1959 Texas Open Beaches Act, a state law protecting public access to beaches might cause some Galveston-area homes to be seized by the state, Schwartz said, ""We're talking about damn fools that have built houses on the edge of the sea for as long as man could remember and against every advice anyone has given." That story, in turn, led to an attack on Schwartz by radio commentator Rush Limbaugh, who said, "You know, folks, it’s one thing to be smacked by a natural disaster; it’s quite another to have to be smacked around by the government that you’re looking to for help." His oral history for the Texas Legacy Project is featured on the project's site 
Political critic.
He remains a keen observer of Texas politics, and his comments have appeared in The New York Times, the Washington Post, "60 Minutes" and many Texas newspapers and magazines. When Republican congressman Tom DeLay was first indicted in October 2005, many commentators predicted that he would bounce back politically; Schwartz, however, told the New York Times that "He's been gut-shot politically," and was proven right.

</doc>
<doc id="9724710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724710" title="Beloit water tower">
Beloit water tower

The Beloit water tower is a historic 1889 octagonal limestone water tower in Beloit, Wisconsin.
The tower, completed in 1889 to serve the city's water needs, particularly fire protection, was built by a consortium of local businessmen. Eventually serving 25,000 customers, it was abandoned after the completion of an adjacent steel water tower with twice the capacity around 1935, and allowed to stand due to excessive demolition costs.
The structure, located on a bluff overlooking the Rock River just north of the Beloit College campus, originally contained a 100,000 gallon water tank made of cypress, and pressurized seven miles of pipes.
A "Beloit Daily News" article in 1935 said it was "once regarded as the finest piece of masonry in the west". It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The Shingle Style pump house at the base of the bluff now acts as the Beloit Visitor Center.

</doc>
<doc id="9724720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724720" title="Scolopendra subspinipes">
Scolopendra subspinipes

Scolopendra subspinipes is a species of centipede. The native range is uncertain. The certain natural range is Meganesia and Indomalaya. The species is also found on virtually all land areas around and within the Indian Ocean, all of Tropical and Subtropical Asia (including Russia), South and Central America, and the Caribbean. However, how much of this range is natural and how much due to human introduction is unclear.
With such a wide geographic range, the species is known by a great many common names including Chinese Red Head, Giant Centipede, Jungle Centipede, Orange Legged Centipede, Red Headed Centipede and Vietnamese Centipede.
It is among the largest centipedes with a maximum length of 20 cm. They are active and aggressive, preying on almost everything that they can overwhelm.
Description.
This is a large species which can grow up to in length or even more. It has colour variations. Its body is usually red or reddish brown with yellow or yellow-orange legs. In common with other members of genus Scolopendra, it has 21 body segments with each segment having one pair of legs attached. A pair of modified legs known as forcipules can be found on its head, which is covered by a flat shield and bears a pair of antennae. The forcipules are the major tools used by the centipede to kill its prey or for defense, as they have sharp claws that connect to venom glands. Centipedes breathe through the openings located along sides of their bodies. These openings are either round-shaped or S-shaped. They have simple eyes with poor vision, so they rely much on touch and their chemoreceptors.
Habitats.
The species can be found in tropical and subtropical regions throughout the Old World. It is also one of only three species of centipedes in Hawaii.
Diet and behaviour.
This is an aggressive and nervous arthropod which is ready to strike if interfered with and is sensitive to vibrations nearby. It preys primarily on insects or other sizable predatory arthropods (like spiders). Sometimes, mice and small reptiles or amphibians are also on its menu if it is large enough to overpower such vertebrates. It will take almost everything that is not longer than itself. It attacks its prey with the last prehensorial legs, then curves its head quickly behind to implant its venomous jaws deeply and firmly into the prey. The prey is held by the centipede's other legs until it dies from the fast-acting venom. During a fight, the centipede will use its entire body coiling the prey or enemy with its legs firmly attaching to the body of the opponent. Then, it will quickly penetrate its forcipules into the victim for venom injection.
Reproduction.
The male produces capsules containing mature sperm cells, spermatophores, which are deposited in a reservoir called the spermathecae of the female during mating. The female then fertilizes her immature eggs, oocytes, and deposits them in a dark, protected area. The female lays 50 to 80 eggs which she vigilantly protects until they hatch and the baby centipede molt once. If danger is detected she will wrap around her babies to keep them safe. The young centipedes molt once each year, and take three to four years to attain full adult size. Adults molt once every year. They may live for 10 years or more.
Venom.
Bites from this species are very painful and may cause severe swelling, weakness or fever. Venom constituents include compounds such as serotonin, haemolytic phospholipase A, a cardiotoxic protein and a cytolysin.
"S. subspinipes" is the only species of centipede that is reputed to have a human death attributed to it. The reported fatal case was in Philippines in which the centipede bit a seven-year old girl on her head and she lived for another 29 hours. Despite this, there have been no verifiable cases of human death caused by a centipede. However, like most bites from venomous creatures, the seriousness of a bite can be exponentially higher if the victim is allergic to the venom.
Human uses.
"S. subspinipes" is a popular pet among arthropod hobbyists. The centipede was a traditional food source for Aboriginal Australians 
Subspecies.
The number of subspecies of "S. subspinipes" is unclear and varies between authors. Taxonomic characters have incorporated plastic traits such as colour and sulcus structure and the number and position of spines, producing indistinguishable and intergrading subspecies. A 2012 review found that one former subspecies, "S. subspinipes cingulatoides" is in fact a distinct species, and that "S. subspinipes" has no valid subspecies.

</doc>
<doc id="9724742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724742" title="Purdue University Press">
Purdue University Press

Purdue University Press, founded in 1960, is a university press that is part of Purdue University. It is a unit of Purdue University Libraries.
History.
The press has its roots in the 1960 establishment of Purdue University Studies by then President Frederick Hovde on the back of a $12,000 grant from the Purdue Research Foundation. This was the result of a committee appointed by President Hovde after the English Department had lamented the lack of publishing venues in the humanities. The first Editorial Board was headed by Robert B. Ogle. William Whalen, Director of the Office of Publications, became the part-time Director of Purdue University Studies. Diane Dubriel was the first full-time employee. Verna Emery was Managing Editor from 1977 to 1990, succeeded by Margaret Hunt who served until 2008. Other long-serving employees who helped build the Press's reputation were Carolyn McGrew (1990-2002), Donna VanLeer (1989-2008), and Beverly Carrell (1988-1996), On September 12, 1974, Purdue University Studies became Purdue University Press and moved to offices in South Campus Courts. In June 1992, William Whalen retired and David Sanders was appointed the first full-time Director, serving until 1996. At the same time, on July 1, 1992, responsibility for the Press was transferred to the Dean of Libraries. David Sanders was succeeded by Tom Bacher (1997-2008). Under Sanders and Bacher, the range of books that the Press published grew to better reflect the work from other Colleges at Purdue University, beyond Liberal Arts, especially in the areas of agriculture, health, and engineering. The Press developed distinguished lists in a range of subject areas from poetry to the study of the human-animal bond. The number of books produced each year increased from 6 in 1990 to 35 in 2002. In 1993 Purdue University Press was admitted to membership of the Association of American University Presses.Today the Press publishes around 25 books a year, and 15 journals, a number of them in electronic-only, Open Access, format in collaboration with Purdue University Libraries. In 2009, under Interim Director Bryan Shaffer, the Press moved from South Campus Court, on the edge of Purdue’s West Lafayette facility, to Stewart Center, the location of the Libraries Administration. This move reflects a recognition of the converging paths of librarians and publishers in the digital age, and the potential of an integrated approach to scholarly communication. In its location at the center of campus, the Press can also better fulfill the part of its mission that focuses on efficiently supporting the dissemination of scholarly research conducted at Purdue, and enhancing the university's global reputation. Current director of the Press is Charles T. Watkinson.
Publishing.
Dedicated to the dissemination of scholarly and professional information, Purdue University Press publishes resources in several key subject areas including technology, health, history, veterinary medicine, sociology, and other fields in the sciences, the humanities, and social sciences.
Print monograph series published by the Press are Central European Studies; Books in Comparative Cultural Studies; The Jewish Role in American Life: An Annual Review; Litera Manet Scripta; New Directions in the Human-Animal Bond; Purdue Studies in Romance Literatures; Shofar Supplements in Jewish Studies; Studies in Jewish Civilization; and The Founders Series.
Purdue University Press publishes the following learned journals: "CLCWeb: Comparative Literature and Culture; Journal of Aviation Technology and Engineering; Journal of Pre-College Engineering Education Research; Education and Culture: The Journal of the John Dewey Society; First Opinions, Second Reactions"; "Global Business Languages"; "Interdisciplinary Journal of Problem-based Learning"; "Philip Roth Studies"; ""; "Studies in Jewish Civilization"; and "The Journal of Problem Solving".
As the scholarly publishing arm of Purdue University and a unit of Purdue Libraries, the Press is also a partner for university faculty and staff, centers, and departments, wishing to disseminate the results of their research.

</doc>
<doc id="9724748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724748" title="Binta and the Great Idea">
Binta and the Great Idea

Binta and the Great Idea () is a 2004 Spanish-Senegalese co-production short film by writer-director Javier Fesser. The film stars Zeynabou Diallo as Binta, Agnile Sambou as Binta's Father, and Aminata Sane as Soda. The film duration is approximately 31 minutes, with dialogue in Diola and French. The film is included in "Oscar Nominated Short Films" by Magnolia Pictures and "Shorts International"; the theatrical release of this collection was February 16, 2007.
This film was made in collaboration with UNICEF, to which 100% of the profits will be given.
Director.
Binta and the great idea was Director Javier Fesser's first Academy Award nominated film. Fesser earned his Mass Media Communication degree from the Universidad Complutense de Madrid. In 1986 he founded the production company "Linea Films". Fesser was one of the founders of the online film festival: "NOTODOFILMFEST".
Fesser's credits include:
Plot.
Binta is a young African girl who serves as the narrator. She talks about her father and his 'great idea'. Binta's father is a small-time, local fisherman in a peaceful village (near the town of Bignona) in Senegal. His friend who recently visited Europe describes what fishing is like there. He tells him that the Europeans can catch thousands of fish with bigger boats equipped with sonar. The man, very impressed by this, encourages the father to approach the government and request a permit for a bigger boat. Binta's father also hears from his friend how once he attains wealth he must get a permit for a weapon so he can defend his wealth. The friend also shows off his watch which has an alarm set to ring every day at noon. "What happens at noon?" asks Binta's father. "Why, the alarm rings!" his friend replies.
Binta's father is shown making his way up through the ranks of government, sharing his great idea with various officials. The film switches back and forth between the story of Binta and her father and the struggle between Binta's cousin, Soda, and her father, a village elder. Soda desperately wants to go to school, but her father believes African girls should not be educated; they should learn to tend the home and then get married and tend to home and family.
The village school children put on a play to convince Soda's father to let her attend school. Here we experience the power of art and solidarity; in the end, the father is finally convinced, and Soda is allowed to get an education.
Finally, when Binta's father meets with the provincial leader, we find out what his great idea was: He wants do his part to make the world a better place by adopting a "tubab" (white child), "preferably weaned," in order to teach him/her qualities which Western industrialized society has largely lost, such as sharing, solidarity, the sustainable use of resources. This film is unusual in that it allows us a glimpse of Western culture as viewed from a third world perspective.
The film references a range of themes such as sexism, African Time, change through art, sustainability and equitable division of resources, and a possible path for progress and humanity.

</doc>
<doc id="9724756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724756" title="Jack Anderson">
Jack Anderson

Jack Anderson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9724762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724762" title="WebMethods Integration Server">
WebMethods Integration Server

webMethods Integration Server is one of the core application servers in the webMethods platform.
It is a Java-based, multiplatform enterprise integration server. It supports the integration of diverse services, such as mapping data between formats and communication between systems. An integration server may also be known as the core of webMethods Enterprise Service Bus.
The Integration Server supports Java, C/C++ programming languages for writing services as well as a proprietary graphical language known as flow. It also supports graphical configuration of 3rd party system operations via the concept of "Adapter services".
The Integration Server exposes its administration, configuration and auditing facilities to the user via an HTML web interface.
Product Capabilities.
Programming languages:
Protocols/Standards (core):
Protocols/Standards (additional packages)
The Integration Server also contains embedded Apache Tomcat and JBoss J2EE application servers allowing for use of the full J2EE stack (JSP/Servlets through to Enterprise Java Beans).
Release history.
The following is a list of the significant releases for the webMethods Integration Server.
Environment.
webMethods Integration Server is certified to run on the following platforms:
The application server itself runs on top of Java (1.4.X in version 6.X of the Integration Server).
Installation.
Installation of the product is via the webMethods Installer program.
External links.
webMethods was acquired by Software AG

</doc>
<doc id="9724768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724768" title="Nantgarw Pottery">
Nantgarw Pottery

The Nantgarw Pottery was a noted pottery, located in Nantgarw on the eastern bank of the Glamorganshire Canal, north of Cardiff in the River Taff valley, Glamorganshire, Wales. It closed in 1920, when cigarettes replaced clay pipes. The rare surviving pieces of Nantgarw porcelain are considered today to be among the most valuable artefacts ever produced in Wales, and are among the most notable examples of British Porcelain ever made. Collections of this pottery can be seen at the National Museum of Wales in Cardiff, and the V&A Museum, South Kensington, London.
History.
Established in November 1813, when artist and potter William Billingsley and his son-in-law Samuel Walker, a skilled technician, purchased "Nantgarw House" on the eastern bank of the Glamorganshire Canal, eight miles north of Cardiff in the Taff Valley, Glamorganshire, Wales, and set about building the kilns and ancillary equipment in its grounds, necessary to transform the building into a small porcelain pottery.
Billingsley had been instrumental in the development of the porcelain recipe for "Flight, Barr & Barr" at Royal Worcester, he and Walker, had signed an agreement not to disclose their new porcelain recipe to a third party, but there was no clause preventing them from using that recipe themselves. They had left Worcester in secret and started the venture at Nantgarw with only £250 to invest in the project between them. By January 1814, the Quaker entrepreneur William Weston Young had already become the major share-holder in their venture, having invested £630 into the first production period at Nantgarw, as his diaries at the "Glamorgan Record Office" testify, where payments are recorded to a "Mr "Bealey;"" an alias Billingsley travelled under since leaving Royal Worcester.
It is assumed Young was acquainted with Billingsley through a mutual friend, and fellow earthenware decorator Thomas Pardoe, whom Billingsley had approached at Swansea's Cambrian Pottery, while seeking employment in 1807. Young's work across Glamorganshire as a surveyor may have put him in the position to advise Billingsley whilst still at Royal Worcester, of the suitability of the site at Nantgarw. Its proximity to the Glamorganshire Canal enabled heavy shipments of china clay, as well as the pottery's delicate porcelain wares to be smoothly transported to and from Cardiff docks by barges.
Dillwyn made the inspection, observing that 90% of the porcelain was ruined in the firing, but was so impressed with the quality of the surviving pieces that he invited Billingsley and Walker to use his facilities at the Cambrian Pottery to improve their recipe and process. An annexe was built for porcelain production at the Cambrian Pottery, where Walker and Billingsley were based from late 1814. The recipe was modified and improved, but was still wasteful enough for Dillwyn to abandon the project in 1817, when the pair returned to Nantgarw. Royal Worcester's attempts to sue Dillwyn, Billingsley & Walker for breach of contract was a further reason for Dillwyn to cease porcelain production at the Cambrian Pottery. The contract signed at Royal Worcester prevented the recipe being disclosed to a third party, which superficially, "Flight, Barr & Barr" could not prove. However when Dilwyn's notebooks were interred at the V&A Museum, South Kensington, London in 1920; Bilingsley's recipe was found, but had never used in Billingsley's absence.
In the second phase of production at Nantgarw, Young invested a further £1,100 in the pottery as well as mustering a further £1,000 from "ten gentlemen of the county". Billingsley and Walker continued to fire their porcelain, which by this stage was of the finest quality Billingsley had ever attained but still at a loss until one day in April 1820, while Young was away in Bristol, the pair absconded to Coalport leaving behind them the lease to the pottery and several thousand pieces of undecorated porcelain in various stages of production ("in the biscuit and the white").
Young put the Nantgarw Pottery and its contents up for sale via public auction in October 1820, enabling him to buy out his minor partners, become sole proprietor and manage the completion and sale of the stock; effectively salvaging the business. He invited his friend and former co-working artist from the Cambrian Pottery, Thomas Pardoe, to aid him with the completion and decoration of the salvaged porcelain. Young and Pardoe experimented to perfect a glaze for the biscuit ware, but were unable to add to Billingsley's stockpile of porcelain, having no access to his recipe. The final sales of the finished porcelain (sold between 1821 and 1822), paid Pardoe and his staff's salaries in arrears, but failed to recoup Young's total losses, leaving Young narrowly avoiding bankruptcy. Besides the porcelain decorated by Young, but predominantly by Pardoe at Nantgarw, many pieces were sold "in the white" to be decorated in London. These wares are known to have been decorated by Thomas Martin Randall (working for John Mortlock at the time), John Latham, William Peg and probably Matthew Colclough.
Nantgarw porcelain is identified with the mark "NANTGARW" impressed, often with the initials C.W. "(for China Works)" underneath. The word "NANTGARW" in red script is also seen on some of the finer specimens.
In 1833 William Henry Pardoe, son of Thomas Pardoe, took over the vacant Nantgarw Pottery and began manufacturing stoneware bottles and brown glazed earthenware known as Rockingham pottery. He also began manufacturing clay tobacco pipes, many of which were exported to Ireland. The business continued under Pardoe's descendants, and at its peak produced around 10,000 pipes a week, until its closure in 1920, when cigarettes replaced such clay pipes.
Present.
In 1989 the semi-derelict site was bought by Taff-Ely County Borough Council, who still today own the site. After the start of archaeological excavation and restoration of its kilns and buildings, the site opened it to the public two years later. Closed at the end of 2008 due to budget cuts at Rhondda Cynon Taff council, the site was reopened during the week in November 2010 by two artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9724771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724771" title="Dakar (album)">
Dakar (album)

Dakar is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane, released in 1963 on Prestige Records, catalogue 7280. "Dakar" is a reissue of one side of a 16 rpm LP called "Baritones and French Horns" released in 1957, and originally credited to the "Prestige All Stars". 
As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s after he had stopped recording for Prestige, the record company assembled and reissued varied Coltrane recordings with his name prominently displayed, though in many cases, like on "Dakar", he had originally been a sideman. However, a retrospective review for Allmusic suggested that issuing the album as if it were originally led by Coltrane was appropriate given that his "urgent" performances were often the most compelling.

</doc>
<doc id="9724787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724787" title="Hizen-Ryūō Station">
Hizen-Ryūō Station

Layout.
It is an above ground station consisting of two tracks flanked by two side platforms.
Surroundings.
The town proper of the former municipality of Ariake is to the northeast of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="9724800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9724800" title="Agostino Falivene">
Agostino Falivene

Agostino Falivene born from Giffoni in the province of Salerno, of the Order of the Servants of Maria, was Roman Catholic bishop of the island of Capri from the 25 September 1528 to the 24 April 1534 in that Pope Paul III transfers it to the island of Ischia where he died in 1548. His tomb is in the castle of Ischia.
External links.
Official Site, Capri [http://www.diocesiamalficava.it/Vescovi/Vescovi_08.htm]
Official site, Ischia [http://www.diocesi.ischia.it/Diocesi3.htm]

</doc>
