<doc id="9711233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711233" title="Element of Crime">
Element of Crime

Element of Crime is a German rock band that plays melancholic chanson-, pop- and rockmusic with guitar, bass, drums and voice/trumpet.
Band history.
The band was founded in 1985 by Sven Regener who later became known as the author of the books “Neue Vahr Süd” (2004), “Der kleine Bruder” (2008) and “Herr Lehmann” (2001) "(“Berlin Blues”)" and as the screenplay writer of the film adaptation of “Herr Lehmann”. Regener sings and plays guitar, trumpet, accordion and piano. The band's name was borrowed from the title of the movie “The Element of Crime” by Lars von Trier.
While various members of the band contributed music to the songs, Regener wrote most of the lyrics - in English for the first few albums and then in German.

</doc>
<doc id="9711238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711238" title="Arogyaswami Paulraj">
Arogyaswami Paulraj

Arogyaswami J Paulraj was born in Pollachi near Coimbatore, India. He joined the Indian Navy at age 15 through the National Defence Academy, Kharakvalsa and served the Navy for 30 years. Paulraj received his bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from the Naval College of Engineering, Lonavala, India, and his doctorate in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, New Delhi. He is currently a Professor Emeritus at the Dept. of Elect. Engineering, Stanford University. 
MIMO Development Work.
Paulraj is the pioneer of a breakthrough wireless technology known as MIMO (multiple input, multiple output) that dramatically increases performance of wireless systems. MIMO is now core technology in latest WiFi and LTE systems. Paulraj served in India till 1991 where he is known for pioneering the development of military sonars (APSOH family). Paulraj also served as the founding director for three major labs in India - CAIR (Center for Artificial Intelligence and Robotics [http://www.drdo.org/labs/ecs/cair/index.shtml]), CDAC (Center for Development of Advanced Computing) and CRL (Central Research Labs of Bharat Electronics). 
Paulraj’s MIMO technology is now crucial to local area and mobile wireless communications. MIMO allows both higher data rates and wider coverage areas. MIMO technology involves using multiple antennas at both the transmit station and the receive station. Efficiency is increased because parallel streams of data can be multiplexed within the same channel. 
Paulraj first developed the idea of MIMO in 1992 while at Stanford University. Using the spatial multiplexing concept that exploits MIMO antennas, he demonstrated that spectral efficiency could be improved by transmitting independent data streams from each antenna and then exploiting the distinct spatial signatures of each stream at the receive antennas to separate them. Paulraj was issued a patent for the MIMO concept in 1994. He faced skepticism from industry and funding sources and practical application of the technology was not seen until the early 2000s. Among the obstacles, digital transmission was needed to fully exploit the potential of MIMO, but the U.S. wireless industry was still predominantly analog at the time. However, Paulraj persisted and held annual workshops at Stanford on the technology that eventually helped interest in MIMO and spatial multiplexing take hold.
Other Works.
Paulraj founded Iospan Wireless Inc. in 1998 to form the first company to incorporate MIMO technology in a commercial system. The system developed by Paulraj at Iospan helped erase lingering skepticism about the practicality of MIMO. The lessons learned at Iospan gave the wireless industry the confidence to incorporate MIMO into emerging wireless standards, and the technology developed at Iospan such as spatial multiplexing, orthogonal frequency-division multiple access and opportunistic scheduling, can be seen in today’s 4G systems. Intel Corp. acquired part of Iospan in 2003 to help launch its own push into WiMAX, further establishing the importance of Paulraj’s MIMO concept. Paulraj co-founded Beceem Communications in 2003 and the company became a leader in WiMAX chipsets. Beceem was acquired by Broadcom Corp. in 2010.
An IEEE Fellow, Paulraj is also a member of the U.S. National Academy of Engineering and several other scientific / engineering academies. His awards include the IEEE Signal Processing Society Technical Achievement Award and Padma Bhushan from the president of India, one of the country’s highest civilian awards. Paulraj is a Professor Emeritus at Stanford University, Calif., and is also a Senior Advisor to Broadcom Corp., Irvine, Calif.
Achievements in India.
During his 30 years in the Indian (Navy) (1961-1991), he founded three national level
laboratories in India and headed one of India’s most successful military R&D projects – APSOH sonar. He received over a dozen awards (many at the national level) in India including the Padma Bhushan, Ati Vishist Seva Medal and the VASVIK Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="9711239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711239" title="Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress – Tamil">
Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actress – Tamil

The Filmfare Best Supporting Actress Award is given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The award was introduced and first given at the 50th South Filmfare Awards in 2003, with Sneha being the first recipient.

</doc>
<doc id="9711248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711248" title="Martin Toroitich">
Martin Toroitich

Martin Kitiyo Toroitich (born 10 August 1983 in Kurongur) is a Ugandan long-distance runner who specializes in the half marathon.
His younger brother Boniface Kiprop Toroitich is a successful Ugandan runner.

</doc>
<doc id="9711265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711265" title="Verophasmatodea">
Verophasmatodea

Verophasmatodea is a suborder of the Phasmatodea that contains the vast majority of the extant species of stick and leaf-insects.

</doc>
<doc id="9711280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711280" title="Copson">
Copson

Copson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9711290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711290" title="Cuthbert Nyasango">
Cuthbert Nyasango

Cuthbert Nyasango (born 17 September 1982) is a Zimbabwean long-distance runner. He was born in Nyanga.
Achievements.
Nyasango competed for Zimbabwe at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and was the flag bearer for his country at the Closing Ceremony on 12 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9711297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711297" title="Museum De Cruquius">
Museum De Cruquius

The Museum De Cruquius (or Cruquiusmuseum) occupies the old Cruquius steam pumping station in Cruquius, the Netherlands. It derives its name from Nicolaas Kruik (1678–1754), a Dutch land-surveyor and one of many promotors of a plan to pump the Haarlemmermeer (Haarlem lake) dry. Like many well-educated men of his time, he latinized his name to Nicolaus Samuel Cruquius. During his lifetime the issue of the Haarlem Lake and how to pump it dry was international news, as the following excerpt from the Virginia Gazette on 31 May 1751 illustrates:
Even 50 machines proved too expensive, so it was not until successful experiments with steam pumping stations, such as at nearby Groenendaal park in 1781, that serious plans resulted in three steam-driven pumping stations, including the one at Cruquius. As a tribute to former planners, the pumping stations of the Haarlemmermeer were named after them. The one at the mouth of the Spaarne river, near Heemstede, was called Cruquius. To service the mill, the workers who lived there founded the town of the same name. The dike was built in the 1840s, the pump started work in 1850 and in the three years that had been predicted a century before, the Haarlem lake was pumped dry. The pumping station Cruquius continued to work on and off until 1933, when it was made into a museum. The foreman's house was made into a café which it still is today.
World Heritage site.
The steam mill Cruquius is itself a Netherlands 'Rijksmonument' for the steam history of the engine within, and it has also been declared an Anchor Point of ERIH, The European Route of Industrial Heritage. It is thought to be the largest steam engine – and certainly the largest beam engine – ever built. The engine was built by Harvey & Co, of Hayle, Cornwall. The diameter of the piston is .
Outside, the ringvaart canal's system of sluices, mills, and bridges, are all part of the Stelling van Amsterdam, the main dike of which runs just north of Cruquius, through Vijfhuizen. Fort Vijfhuizen is used for art exhibitions and is a short walk north of the museum along the ringvaart. What is less known is that there is also a fort Cruquius, just south of the museum, that also has World Heritage status because of its link to the Stelling van Amsterdam.
The Cruquius Pumping Station was named a Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="9711299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711299" title="Colin Kirton">
Colin Kirton

Colin Kirton is a Malaysian stage and television actor.
He is also known for his work as a director, trainer, musician, singer, choir director, host/emcee and voice actor. He was nominated for Best Vocal Performance (Solo) at the 2007 BOH Cameronian Arts Awards for his leading role in the Kuala Lumpur Performing Arts Centre’s 2006 production of Broken Bridges – The Musical and won for Best Group Performance (Theatre) as part of the ensemble of Footstool Players' production of Crazy Little Thing Called Love, which he also created, produced and directed, at the 2009 BOH Cameronian Arts Awards.
On television, Kirton is best known for playing Edmund Soo in Season 2 of Ghost (2009), a supernatural mystery thriller series produced by Popiah Pictures, Colonel Williams in Double Vision's period drama Age of Glory 2 (2010) and Mr Smith in MediaCorp's Mining Magnate (2012/2013).
In 2001, Kirton formed Footstool Players, a Christian theatre company whose touring productions are watched by thousands each year across Malaysia. He is currently the company's artistic director. Kirton also regularly teaches on issues pertaining to the arts and Christian spirituality.
Kirton trained in professional theatre at Rosebud School of the Arts and Rosebud Theatre in Canada.
He is of Scottish and Chinese ancestry and was born in Kuantan. His father, Eric Kirton, came to Malaya during the Malayan Emergency and married his mother, Tan Cheng Kim, whom he met at a church camp. His great grandfather, William Waddell, working for his uncle Sir Robert McAlpine, oversaw the building of the renowned West Highland Railway and Glenfinnan Viaduct in Scotland, famously featured in the Harry Potter movies.

</doc>
<doc id="9711316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711316" title="South African Police Star for Distinguished Leadership">
South African Police Star for Distinguished Leadership

The South African Police Star for Distinguished Leadership was a high-ranking decoration, that existed between 1979 and 1986. It was reserved for senior police officers, and was awarded only twice. Recipients were entitled to use the post-nominal letters SED, standing for "Stella Excellentis Ductus", the Latin form of the name.
Instituted on 1 May 1979, the SED was awarded to general officers of the South African Police for distinguished leadership, meritorious service contributing to state security, and outstanding service to heads of state or government. Both recipients were Commissioners of the SAP.
The SED is a gold Maltese cross with rays between the arms. In the centre is depicted a stylised aloe plant on a blue-bordered white disc on a gold diamond-shaped plaque. The reverse has the national coat of arms and the words "Stella Excellentis Ductus".
On ceremonial occasions, the SED was worn on a gold collar. On other occasions, it was worn on a neck ribbon of old-gold, with a white-blue-white centre panel. There is also a four-pointed multi-rayed breast star.
The SED was discontinued on 1 September 1986. After that date, police generals were awarded the Order of the Star of South Africa (Non-Military) instead.

</doc>
<doc id="9711323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711323" title="Filmfare Award for Best Villain – Tamil">
Filmfare Award for Best Villain – Tamil

The Filmfare Best Villain Award was given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The award was introduced and first given at the 50th South Filmfare Awards in 2003, with Kalabhavan Mani being the first recipient. This category has been retired from 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="9711324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711324" title="2002 FIFA World Cup (video game)">
2002 FIFA World Cup (video game)

2002 FIFA World Cup is the official World Cup video game published by EA Sports.
An amalgamation between the game engines of FIFA 2002 and FIFA 2003, the game still incorporates the power bar for shots and crosses but with a steeper learning curve and customisation of the chances of being penalised by the match referee. Some kits are licensed, along with player likeness and the stadia of the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Unlike the previous games in the FIFA series, the game had an original soundtrack performed by the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra.
It was released for Windows, PlayStation, PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Xbox.
Teams.
The game features each of the 32 teams that qualified for the 2002 FIFA World Cup, and 9 teams that did not qualify.
Qualified teams:
Teams that did not qualify:
Reception.
2002 FIFA World Cup received fairly positive reviews. GameSpot gave the GameCube version 7.4, while IGN gave it an 8.2/10. Gamerankings gave it 80%.
On release, "Famitsu" magazine scored the PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Xbox versions of the game a 30 out of 40 each.
Lawsuit.
Bayern Munich and German international goalkeeper Oliver Kahn successfully sued Electronic Arts for their inclusion of him in the game without his prior consent despite EA reaching an agreement with FIFPro, the body that represents all FIFA players. As a result, EA was banned from selling copies of the game in Germany and was forced to financially compensate Kahn.

</doc>
<doc id="9711332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711332" title="Filmfare Award for Best Comedian – Tamil">
Filmfare Award for Best Comedian – Tamil

The Filmfare Best Comedien Award is given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil (Kollywood) films.
The award was introduced and first given at the 50th South Filmfare Awards in 2002, with Vivek being the first comedian to receive the award for his performance in "Run". This category has been retired since 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9711340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711340" title="Maurice Frankel">
Maurice Frankel

Maurice Frankel is director of the UK Campaign for Freedom of Information.
He has worked with the Campaign for Freedom of Information since it was set up in 1984, and has been its director since 1987. He previously worked on access to environmental and safety information issues for the corporate accountability group Social Audit. 
He was a member of the Lord Chancellor's Advisory Group on Implementation of the Freedom of Information Act and of the Commonwealth Group of Experts whose Freedom of Information Principles were adopted by Commonwealth Law Ministers in 1999. 
He is also deputy chair of the whistleblower charity Public Concern at Work. 
He is a cousin of Ruth Deech, Baroness Deech.

</doc>
<doc id="9711342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711342" title="Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut – South">
Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut – South

The Filmfare Best Male Debut Award is given by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for South Indian films.

</doc>
<doc id="9711343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711343" title="Anne, Duchess of Cumberland and Strathearn">
Anne, Duchess of Cumberland and Strathearn

Anne Horton (née Anne Luttrell, later the Duchess of Cumberland and Strathearn) (24 January 1743 – 28 December 1808) was a member of the British Royal Family, the wife of Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn.
Early life.
Anne was born in Marylebone, London. She was the only daughter of Simon Luttrell, later first Earl of Carhampton, and his wife, Judith Maria Lawes.
Her father was a Member of the House of Commons before being created Baron Irnham in 1768, Viscount Carhampton in 1781 and Earl of Carhampton in 1785.
Marriages.
Anne was first married to a commoner, Christopher Horton (sometimes spelled Houghton) of Catton Hall, on 4 August 1765.
She later married Prince Henry, Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn, the sixth child of Frederick, Prince of Wales and Augusta of Saxe-Gotha, and a younger brother of George III. Their marriage took place at Hertford Street in Mayfair, London on 2 October 1771.
George III did not approve of the marriage as Anne was a commoner and previously married. He later had the Royal Marriages Act 1772 passed to prevent any descendant of George II marrying without the consent of the sovereign, a law which is still in force today.
Character and appearance.
Some sources describe Anne as being rather loose with her favours, given one wag's comment that she was "the Duke of Grafton's Mrs Houghton, the Duke of Dorset's Mrs Houghton, everyone's Mrs Houghton."
Horace Walpole wrote "her coquetry was so active, so varied and yet so habitual, that it was difficult not to see through it and yet as difficult to resist it." While she was generally considered a great beauty,Walpole considered her merely " pretty", except for her eyes, which were enchanting. That her eyes were remarkably expressive is confirmed in the several portraits of Anne by Thomas Gainsborough.

</doc>
<doc id="9711346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711346" title="Dickson Marwa">
Dickson Marwa

Dickson Marwa Mkami (born 9 March 1982 in Tarime District, Mara Region) is a Tanzanian long-distance runner. He competes in both track and road running. He represented Tanzania at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and the 2008 Olympic Games. He is the Tanzanian record holder for the half marathon with his best of 59:52 minutes.
He finished sixteenth over 10,000 metres at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics and was also seventh at the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships that year. He was fourteenth on the track at the Beijing Olympics and finished sixteenth for a second time at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics.
He is a two-time winner of the Sydney City2Surf and the Bridge to Brisbane, having won both the races in 2006 and 2007. He took part in the Ras Al Khaimah Half Marathon in 2008 and finished in third. Marwa won the Prague 10K in 2009 and was runner-up at the event the following year. He took fourth place at the Portugal Half Marathon in 2010, finishing with a time of 1:03:14. He finished in the top ten of his first race of 2011, the Ras Al Khaimah Half Marathon. He was sixth at the Marseille-Cassis Classic later that year.
External links.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="9711348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711348" title="South African Police Star for Distinguished Service">
South African Police Star for Distinguished Service

The South African Police Star for Distinguished Service was a high-ranking decoration that existed between 1963 and 1986. Originally a dual-purpose decoration for bravery and for outstanding service, it was converted into an award for senior officers only in 1979. Recipients were entitled to use the post-nominal letters SOO, standing for "Stella Officii Optimi", the Latin form of the name.
Instituted on 20 May 1963, retrospective to 31 May 1961, the SOO superseded the Queen's Police Medal. It was awarded to all ranks of the South African Police, for particular gallantry, or for outstanding service, resourcefulness, leadership, or sense of responsibility and personal example. 
When the SAP awards system was revised in 1979, the SOO was re-defined as a decoration for general officers who had rendered meritorious service promoting the efficiency of the SAP and contributing actively to national security. A new decoration, the SA Police Star for Outstanding Service, was instituted to replace the SOO's original role. 
The SOO is a gold six-pointed multi-rayed star. On the obverse is a green six-pointed star depicting the "torch of life", the "wings of peace", and the "scales of justice". The reverse displays the national coat of arms and the words "Distinguished Service" and "Voortreflike Diens".
The ribbon is white, edged in green and red (left) and orange and blue (right). In its original form, the decoration was worn on the chest. In its post-1979 form, it was worn around the neck, and on ceremonial occasions it was worn on a silver-gilt collar instead of the ribbon.
The SOO was discontinued on 1 September 1986. After that date, police generals were awarded the Order of the Star of South Africa (Non-Military) instead.

</doc>
<doc id="9711352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711352" title="Harry Hardy">
Harry Hardy

Henry "Harry" Hardy (14 January 1895 – 17 February 1969) was a football player from Stockport, England, regarded as one of the best players that Stockport County have ever had. He was the first, and to date the only, player for Stockport County to win an England cap. Hardy made 207 appearances for Stockport. He made his unremarkable debut against Cardiff on 4 September 1920, conceding three goals. He then went on the make 170 consecutive appearances for the club before he missed his first County game, a 1-1 draw with Southampton on 11 October 1924, due to his involvement with the Football League representative side. He also played for Everton F.C. and Bury F.C..
He is thought of as County's best ever goalkeeper. His statistics, though, in the Hatters' Division Three (North) championship season in 1922, are remarkable.
Hardy was an ever-present conceding just 21 goals, a club record that stands to this day. He kept 23 clean sheets in his 38 games, which included a quite incredible 20 from his side's opening 27 games of the campaign
Hardy held the club's individual goalkeeping record for not conceding a goal for an amazing 85 years til it was beaten by current Welsh International goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey. When Blackpool's Barrass scored a 77 minute goal at Edgeley Park on 30 April 1921 Hardy was not beaten again until Tommy Robson scored an own goal at Southport on 8 October 1921 – 755 minutes later.

</doc>
<doc id="9711354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711354" title="Filmfare Award for Best Music Director – Tamil">
Filmfare Award for Best Music Director – Tamil

The Filmfare Best Music Director Award is given to film composers by the "Filmfare" magazine as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil (Kollywood) films. Rahman is the most frequent winner with 12 wins, which also includes nine consecutive wins between 1992 and 2000. Harris Jayaraj follows Rahman with five wins.

</doc>
<doc id="9711367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711367" title="The Creeps (Camille Jones song)">
The Creeps (Camille Jones song)

"The Creeps" is a song written, performed and produced (with Per Ebdrup) by Camille Jones released in 2005, and remixed in 2007 by Fedde le Grand. It has a techno party beat and quiet singing.
The song was the first single of Camille's 2004 album "Surrender". Dutch DJ-Producer Fedde Le Grand signed the song to his own burgeoning Flamingo Recordings imprint and produced a House remix. In early 2007 the remix had been picked up by radiostations in the UK and all over Europe before it was released on Ministry of Sound on the 5th March 2007 in the UK and Ireland. The remix became a hit on the charts and the clubs as well. In the UK "The Creeps" reached #7 on the Single Charts and #1 on the Dance Charts.
On the 25th of July 2008 "The Creeps" was released as a physical and download single in Germany through Kontor Records Hamburg. The remix from 2007 has been remastered slightly with new instruments on the chorus, which reminds of the trumpets of the remix of "Let Me Think About It" by Ida Corr.
Music video.
There are four official music videos to the song "The Creeps".
The first video (for the 2005 single) was produced by Mikkel Serup and received a nomination for a Danish Music Award in 2005. In 2006 the same video was released on the Spanish distributor Blanco y Negro, but with the "Original Club" version as background music.
The second music video was directed by Marcus Adams and was recorded in an office with dancers/models performing as secretaries, among them Lauren Ridealgh, Stephanie Fitzpatrick and Emma Warton, with choreography by Paul Roberts. The video was inspired by the music video to "Express Yourself" and the movie "Secretary".
In July 2008 a new edited version of the second video had been released to German Channels, which contained also a new 2008 version of the remix.
Charts.
The 2007 remix by Fedde Le Grand peaked at #7 on the UK singles chart.
On the 25th of July 2008 the Single has been released as a physical CD, which reached #82 in the Main German Single Charts Top 100 (as of August 8, 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="9711373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711373" title="Swanage Grammar School">
Swanage Grammar School

Swanage Grammar School was established in 1929 in Swanage, Dorset, England. It closed in 1974. The building is now defunct (from 2002) having been used as a centre for outdoor pursuits and geography based learning. Robert Rochelle managed the centre for the final 16 years. The building is at the northern end of Swanage, at the top of Northbrook Road, 15 minutes walk from the sea. 

</doc>
<doc id="9711377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711377" title="Chan Sau Chung">
Chan Sau Chung

Chan Sau Chung, "The Monkey King" (born in Hong Kong in 1932) is the current Head of the Da Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu. He is the protégé and sole successor of Gan Dak Hoi, of Da Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu.
Early training.
Chan Sau Chung became a student of Gan Dak Hoi (Geng De Hai) when he was roughly 12 years old and has been practising ever since. Initially he was taught sanshou by Gan, however over time Gan began to teach him Da Sheng Pi Gua. Gan Dak Hoi had learned Pi Gua kung fu from his father, Master Gan Wing Gwai. Gan Dak Hoi later invited Chan to study kung fu everyday and to help manage his school in Hong Kong. At the age of 16 years Chan quit his regular school and became a full-time teaching assistant to Gan Dak Hoi at the Hong Kong school.
Chan Sau Chung also learned Da Sheng Pi Gua from Gan Dak Hoi, who in turn had learned it from its founder Kau Sei (Kou Si) 寇四. Having learned the entire Pi Gua system, Gan Dak Hoi then taught his young protege all five styles of Da Sheng Kung Fu. As Chan's knowledge and expertise in Da Sheng Pi Gua grew Gan Dak Hoi would take him into the mountains outside of Hong Kong for special training in Da Sheng kung fu. This included walking tightropes, scrambling up ropes, rolling around on rocky ground and walking around in a slightly bow legged monkey styled squat until his legs burned. However not all training included physical exercise as once or twice each week Chan would go to the Kam Shan Country Park (金山郊野公園) just outside Hong Kong to watch the monkeys play, fight, frolic and generally be themselves. He gradually incorporated their gestures, eye movements, facial expressions and their short sharp burst of speed in his kung fu routines.
Opening of first school.
Chan Sau Chung and three of his batch mates Lam Sy Fun, Hiu Hoi and Chow Sing Fun were selected by Gan Dak Hoi and authorized to teach Da Sheng Pi Gua. In 1954, at the age of 22, Chan Sau Chung opened his first school in Hong Kong. It had only eleven students nonetheless, Chan Sau Chung was determined to continue teaching kung fu, things remained very slow and low-keyed until the late sixties when monkey kung fu burst onto the international scene.
Trainer of champions.
In 1969, Chan's student Chan Goon Tai won five straight matches to claim the middleweight title in the Southeast Asia Open Martial Arts Tournament. For the next three years Chan sent a fighter who won his weight class. After having trained four Southeast Asian champions, Chan Sau Chung retired. Over the years Chan Sau Chung has trained many students.
Hong Kong Kung Fu Association.
Chan Sau Chung established the Hong Kong Kung Fu Association Ltd. in 1977 to better organize the kungfu community in Hong Kong. He was elected as the Chairman in 1978. Under his supervision, the Association gave many charity shows and all receipts from sales tickets were donated to charity institutions. The most significant one was the "Saving Child Sponsoring Schooling" campaign organized by the Hong Kong Wah Kiu Yat Poa. The Malaysian Government sent a Senior Governor to Hong Kong to invite him to give performance charity shows in Malaysia in 1978. He led a group over 30 people and gave shows in 5 cities in Malaysia. Chan is also the chairman and consultant of the other major kungfu associations in Hong Kong, and he is the Permanent Honorary President & Vice Chairman of the Hong Kong Chinese Martial Arts Association.
Da Sheng Pi Gua International Kung Fu Federation.
Chan Sau Chung formally launched the Da Sheng Pi Gua International Kung Fu Federation in Hong Kong on December 7 2000. It sought to lend organization and structure on a worldwide basis, to the teaching of genuine Da Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu together with this, the official Federation website was also launched.
The Federation's website offered site visitors a view into the origin, development and evolution of Da Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu as well the option to learn Da Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu by taking video courses. These courses were offered at four levels as follows:
Beginner,
Intermediate,
Advanced, and
Masters.
Each level had its own costs and students would be provided with video taped lessons containing the curriculum for that level which included stances, strikes and various forms and were allowed to train at their own pace and at the point where they felt comfortable they were required to make video recording of themselves doing the forms and send these to the Federation for grading and assessment. At the Beginners level the stances and strikes were very basic and the forms were really an introduction to Pi Gua Kung Fu. As each student progressed, the material provided got more advanced and there was a gradual introduction to Da Sheng Kung Fu. It was mandatory that each student go through the natural progression of successfully completing each level, be assessed and if successful, permission would be granted to advance to the next higher level. No skipping of levels was allowed whatsoever. It was at the Advanced level that the student began learning advanced Monkey Forms. The length of time required to complete each level depended on the each student, whether they were practicing kung fu prior to commencing the program, how often they trained and how committed they were to the program. The Beginners level was expected to take anywhere from six to eighteen months, Intermediate was expected to last between twelve to thirty months, Advanced was expected to last between eighteen to forty months while at the Masters level the student would be required to train in Vancouver under direct supervision from Master Chan Kai Leung and Grandmaster Chan Sau Chung. The Master's level period of training could take upward of five years prior to successful completion. It is important to again note that no skipping of levels was allowed so no student could enter the program at the Master's level. Bear in mind also that there are five variations taught by the Federation (lost monkey, stone monkey, wooden monkey, tall monkey and the drunken monkey) and that there are upwards of one hundred and twenty-six weapon and empty hand forms. At various levels, approved students were permitted to participate in tournaments as members of the Da Sheng Pi Gua International Kung Fu Federation. Upon successful completion of the Master's level training, students would be graded and where appropriate certified by Grandmaster Chan Sau Chung to open their own Da Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu schools.
Together with the video taped lessons, Intermediate level students were initially provided with a book written jointly by Chan Sau Chung and his son Chan Kai Leung, entitled "Essence Of The Monkey". This book gave very detailed insights into the development of Da Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu and provided information obtained directly from Gan Dak Hoi himself etc. It also provided information on ALL students who were trained by Gan Dak Hoi and which ones were certified to teachDa Sheng Pi Gua Kung Fu. The Federation continues to update this family tree with the modern day students who have mastered all five variations but only those from the lineage previously certified by Gan Dak Hoi.
For reasons related to the preservation of information, the Federation came to the conclusion that it had to take down the website and make the "Essence Of The Monkey" book available to its Advanced and Masters students only.

</doc>
<doc id="9711392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711392" title="Chronicle, Vol. 2">
Chronicle, Vol. 2

Chronicle, Vol. 2 is a compilation album by Creedence Clearwater Revival, released by Fantasy Records in November 1986.
The vinyl version of "Chronicle, Vol. 2" contains an edited version of "Molina", removing the final saxophone solo.
Personnel.
"Per liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="9711394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711394" title="Lishan Yegezu Fanta">
Lishan Yegezu Fanta

Lishan Yegezu Fanta (born 6 October 1985) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specializes in the half marathon.
He finished thirteenth at the 2005 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. He thereby helped Ethiopia win a gold medal in the team competition.
His personal best time is 1:01:42 hours, achieved in August 2005 in Addis Ababa,

</doc>
<doc id="9711412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711412" title="Electoral district of Northumberland">
Electoral district of Northumberland

Northumberland was an electoral district for the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales from 1859 to 1913, in the Newcastle area and named after Northumberland County. It elected two members simultaneously between 1880 and 1887 and three members between 1887 and 1894. Voters cast a vote for each vacancy and the leading candidates were elected.

</doc>
<doc id="9711425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711425" title="South African Police Cross for Bravery">
South African Police Cross for Bravery

The South African Police Cross for Bravery was a high-ranking decoration, that existed between 1963 and 2004. It initially had only one class, but it was expanded to three classes in 1988. 
Instituted on 20 May 1963, retrospective to 31 May 1961, the decoration was awarded to all ranks of the South African Police, for conspicuous and exceptional bravery in the execution of duties, or in protecting or saving life or property. Recipients were entitled to the post-nominal letters PCF, standing for Praefecturae Crux Fortitudinis, the Latin form of the name. 
The PCF is a gold cross, each arm built up in five stepped layers. In the centre is a narrow cross on a gyronny background inside a blue circlet inscribed "Vivit Post Funera Virtus" ("Courage lives on after death") within a green laurel wreath. The reverse depicts the national coat of arms and the words "Vir Dapperheid" and "For Bravery". The ribbon is blue with a white-gold-white centre panel, and is worn around the neck.
In 1989, the PCF was divided into three classes, corresponding to the military Honoris Crux:
The decoration was reduced in size to be worn on the chest, and additional white stripes were used to distinguish the ribbons of the new second and third classes.
The decoration was superseded by the SA Police Service Gold Cross for Bravery and SA Police Service Silver Cross for Bravery on 4 May 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="9711436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711436" title="Red-lored whistler">
Red-lored whistler

The Red-Lored Whistler ("Pachycephala rufogularis") is similar, in many respects, to Gilbert's Whistler, to which it is clearly related, and from which it must be distinguished: the range of the Red-lored Whistler falls entirely within that of the Gilbert Whistler. The two species share the same habitat, behaviour and even many calls. John Gould, who described both species, was not familiar with the Gilbert's Whistler: this is surprising, as the path that he travelled took him through areas where the Gilbert's Whistler is not uncommon. It is possible that, in the absence of specimens, even Gould confused the two species.
Distribution.
The Red-lored Whistler is generally restricted to the “Big Desert” or “Ninety-mile Desert” country of south-eastern South Australia and western Victoria, but which is now regularly observed north of the River Murray (at Gluepot Reserve, South Australia) and at Round Hill Nature Reserve in outback New South Wales, and has been recorded from Pinkawillinnie Conservation Park (near Kimba, Eyre Peninsula), and in the vicinity of Adelaide, from where the type specimen was allegedly collected. In every case, the habitat is Mallee Woodland. 
The species has long been regarded as sedentary, but one, probably two records from near Adelaide (from where it is unlikely to be overlooked, and very distant from the remainder of its known range) suggest that movements do occur.
Behaviour.
The presence of the Red-lored Whistler is most often revealed by its calls, which are sweet and varied, but may not always be strong. While it is often seen perched in trees and shrubs, it feeds, for the most part, on the ground, and may be quite difficult to find. Individuals will respond to “pishing”, and will approach a “pisher”.
Conservation status.
The Red-lored Whistler is at some risk, as its range is limited and its habitat subject to summer bushfires. Large parts of its range are protected, as National Parks and other reserves. 
Red-lored Whistlers are listed as vulnerable on the Australian Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. However, their conservation status also varies from state to state within Australia. For example:

</doc>
<doc id="9711440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711440" title="Gary O'Reilly">
Gary O'Reilly

Gary Mills O'Reilly (born 21 March 1961) is an English former professional footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Brighton & Hove Albion, Crystal Palace, Birmingham City and Grays Athletic as a central defender and sometimes in goal. He is a Premier League commentator for Sky Sports and a pundit and commentator on UEFA Champions League matches for ART Prime Sports, Dubai.
Biography.
O'Reilly was born in Isleworth, now part of Greater London. He turned professional with Tottenham Hotspur in 1979, and made his debut the following year. After 45 League games for the club, he joined Brighton & Hove Albion for a £45,000 fee. He stayed with Brighton for two-and-a-half seasons before moving on to Crystal Palace. While at Crystal Palace, he scored the opening goal in the 1990 FA Cup Final against Manchester United, a game which ended in a 3–3 draw, with Palace losing the replay 1–0 five days later. He also scored one of Palace's goals in the semi final as they beat Liverpool 4–3 after extra time. After a brief spell on loan at Birmingham City, he rejoined Brighton & Hove Albion in January 1991. Brighton finished that season sixth in the Second Division and reached the playoff final, where they were beaten by Notts County. Any hopes of an another promotion challenge the following season - and of a place in the new FA Premier League - were quickly forgotten as Brighton found themselves fighting a battle against relegation which was eventually lost. O'Reilly then retired from playing.
Following his retirement from football, he has made a career in sports broadcasting and appears periodically on BBC Five Live's "Fighting Talk", which he seldom wins; when asked by host Colin Murray when he last won an episode of "FT", O'Reilly replied "God was ten". In the following episode, realising that the aforementioned ten-year-old had aged somewhat, Murray took pity on O'Reilly and gave him the win. O'Reilly can be seen on pan-African broadcaster GTV where he features regularly as a pundit on their Saturday morning preview show and Sunday night review show. He also features as a commentator for Trans World International the Premier League's international feed.

</doc>
<doc id="9711451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711451" title="Trevor Docking">
Trevor Docking

Trevor William Docking (born 23 February 1952 in Burnie, Tasmania) was an Australian cricket player, who played for the Tasmanian Tigers. His career was from 1976 until 1980. 
Trevor Docking was a left-handed batsman and very occasional leg break bowler. He was a member of the Tasmanian Tigers team which played in the state's first ever Sheffield Shield match in 1977, and was a member of the 1978-79 Gillette Cup winning side.

</doc>
<doc id="9711454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711454" title="South African Police Silver Cross for Gallantry">
South African Police Silver Cross for Gallantry

The South African Police Silver Cross for Gallantry was a decoration that existed between 1985 and 1989. 
Instituted on 29 January 1985, the SCG was awarded to all ranks of the South African Police for conspicuous and exceptional gallantry while fighting terrorism ("terrorism" being the then South African government's name for the military struggles being waged against White minority rule in South Africa and South West Africa).
The SCG is a silver cross pattee, displaying a gold SAP badge enclosed in a laurel wreath. The reverse depicts the SAP Memorial at Berg-en-Dal. The ribbon is blue, with white-red-white edges.
The SCG was discontinued when the SA Police Cross for Bravery was expanded to three classes on 17 May 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="9711459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711459" title="Karim El Ahmadi">
Karim El Ahmadi

Karim El Ahmadi Aroussi (Arabic: كريم الأحمدي; born 27 January 1985) is a professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Aston Villa in the Premier League and the Morocco national football team. El Ahmadi was born in the Netherlands and played for FC Twente and Feyenoord before moving to the Premier League with Aston Villa in 2012. 
Early life.
El Ahmadi was born and raised in Enschede, Overijssel, Netherlands. His parents are both Moroccan, making him eligible to represent the Morocco national football team.
Club career.
UDI.
At the age of 9, El Ahmadi started playing football at local Enschede club UDI. He got noticed quickly by scouts from Twente and was invited to join their academy.
FC Twente.
On 21 March 2004, El Ahmadi made his official debut in Twente's first team in the away match against FC Utrecht (2–0) where he played 90 minutes. El Ahmadi able to get more playing 2 more game against Groningen and RBC Roosendaal but with the return of On the last match of the season in a match against RKC Waalwijk on 9 May 2004, El Ahmadi provided as assist for Kim Christensen to make it 3–2 but RKC Waalwijk scored in the late minutes to make 3–3.
The following season 2004–05, El Ahmadi began coming on as a substitute for the next two games against Ajax and RKC Waalwijk at the start of the season. In a match against Heerenveen on 28 August 2004, El Ahmadi played for 90 minutes and setting up a goal for Blaise Nkufo in a 4–1 victory. On 13 November 2004, El Ahmadi scored his first goal for the club in a 2–0 win over N.E.C.. At the end of the season, El Ahmadi played 16 league games, playing mostly on the wing positions. He then quickly became a first team regular.
The following 2005–06 season, El Ahmadi find himself out of the first team and made 8 appearance following an arrival of Kennedy Bakircioglü and Patrick Gerritsen and then the following 2006–07 season, El Ahmadi suffered an knee injury in UEFA Cup match against Ukrainian side Levadia Tallinn in a 1–1 draw. After recovering, El Ahmadi return to the reserve and by mid-November, El Ahmadi played his first match of the season, coming on as a substitute for Wout Brama in a 7–1 win over Groningen. After the match, El Ahmadi began established himself in the starting eleven, playing in the right side of the support. In late-October, El Ahmadi signed a contract with the club, until 2009, with an options to extend until 2011. On 3 February 2007, El Ahmadi scored the first goal in a match with Twente won 2–1 over Excelsior. On 8 April 2007, El Ahmadi scored Twente only goal in the game in a 1–1 draw against Heracles. El Ahmadi played a single game for the club from 13 November 2006 to 29 April 2007. At the end of season 2006–07, the club became fourth, resulting entering the UEFA Cup.
The following 2007–08 season, Twente began suffering after the club sold Kennedy Bakircioglü to Ajax and Sharbel Touma sold to German side Borussia Mönchengladbach. Even worse when Patrick Gerritsen suffered leg injury leading El Ahmadi managed to get more playing time in the starting line-up. In late July, El Ahmadi signed a contract extension which will keep him until 2011. Manager Fred Rutten said on a new contract: ""For the club it's fantastic that we can keep players of this kind,"". At the end of 2007–08 season, El Ahmadi made 33 appearance although playing primarily as a defender. At the end of the season, FC Twente qualified for the UEFA Champions League in the season, all thanks to the rapid development from the defensive midfielder.
Feyenoord.
On 16 April 2008, it was announced that El Ahmadi signed a 5-year deal with Dutch club Feyenoord for the price tag of €5million (£4.3m). 
El Ahmadi was struck with an injury, delaying his debut in the shirt of Feyenoord after suffered a groin injury. He made his debut as a substitute for Luigi Bruins in the UEFA Cup-match against Kalmar FF, which Feyenoord won 2–1 on 2 October 2008. He made his debut in the starting line-up against NEC, which ended in a 0–2 home defeat on 5 October 2008 before coming off on a 58 minutes. On 9 November 2008, El Ahmadi scored his first goal for the club in a 5–2 win over Utrecht. On 22 February 2009, El Ahmadi scored his second goal for the club in a 2–0 win over De Graafschap. Since making his debut, El Ahmadi start to play regularly in the starting line-up which led interests from German side Hamburger SV. Soon in early-April, El Ahmadi, again, suffered an ankle injury and luckily made his return on the last game of the season, against Roda JC, which Feyernood lose 3-2. At the end of the season, El Ahmadi was linked to join Dutch side PSV Eindhoven but no offer was made from the club.
The following 2009–10 season under manager Mario Been, El Ahmadi began to play in central midfield position with the rise of youngsters Leroy Fer and Jonathan de Guzmán. Playing in the central midfield position, El Ahmadi made 26 league games, without scoring a single goal. In the quarter final of KNVB Cup, El Ahmadi scored a brace and setting up a goal for captain Giovanni van Bronckhorst in a 3–0 win over PSV Eindhoven on 27 January 2010. Feyernood would later on reach the final of KNVB Cup but lose 6–1 on aggregate to Ajax. At the end of 2009–10 season, El Ahmadi was linked with German side Schalke 04.
After a loan spell at Al Ahli Club, El Ahmadi return to the club. Under manager Ronald Koeman, El Ahmadi managed to get a regular place in the starting line-up in the midfield position to form a very strong midfield with Jordy Clasie and Otman Bakkal. On 11 September 2011, El Ahmadi scored his first goal since 2009 in a 3–1 win over NAC Breda. On 16 October 2011, El Ahmadi scored again this season in a 4–0 win over VVV-Venlo.
Loan to Al Ahli Club.
After making 15 league appearance this season at Feyernoord without scoring, El Ahmadi joined a UAE side Al Ahli Club on loan in order for the club to boost funds needed to sign a new striker on 25 January. He will join them for 6 months. On 4 February 2011, El Ahmadi made his debut for the club in a 0–0 draw against Al Dhafra S.C.C.. On 24 March 2011, El Ahmadi scored his first goal in UAE League ina 2–2 draw against Ittihad Kalba. After his loan move, El Ahmadi made 10 appearance and scored 1. El Ahmadi told Ad that he want to play European Football next season and insisting the level of competition at Al Ahli is 'too low' and is compared to 'weakest teams in the Dutch league'. Chairman of Al Ahli football club, Abdullah Saeed Al Naboudah, says the club want to sign El Ahmadi on a permanent basis but the two clubs failed to reach an agreement.
Aston Villa.
On 26 June 2012, both the British and Dutch media strongly linked El Ahmadi with a transfer to Aston Villa of England's Premier League. Soon after, new Villa manager Paul Lambert confirmed his interest in the player. On 2 July 2012, El Ahmadi completed his transfer from Feyenoord to Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee believed to be in the region £2,000,000. This made him Lambert's first signing as Aston Villa manager, and Aston Villa's second signing of the summer (following Australia international Brett Holman's move from AZ). On 14 July 2012 El Ahmadi made his debut in a 2–1 win against Burton Albion at the Pirelli Stadium putting in a man of the match performance. On 25 August, he made his home debut and scored a spectacular strike in the 74th minute, in Aston Villa's 3–1 defeat to Everton. Having made a good start despite losing opening two Premier League games of the season, El Ahmadi was voted the club's player of the month of August. Later in the season, El Ahmadi was soon left out of the squad, due to injury and made 24 appearance in all competitions. El Ahmadi started the 2013-14 season in very good form putting in solid performances in midfield including a goal in a 3-2 win against Manchester City.In Aston Villa's win against Chelsea FC,El Ahmadi escaped serious injury after Chelsea FC midfielder Ramires appeared to stamp on El Ahmadi as he went in to the slide tackle.Ramires was then sent off,he was the second Chelsea player to get sent off that match.Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho was also sent to the stands for coming onto the pitch in the aftermath of the Ramires incident.
International career.
El Ahmadi played for the Dutch national youth teams, but opted to represent Morocco at the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands.
Personal life.
El Ahmadi is a practicing Muslim.

</doc>
<doc id="9711465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711465" title="South African Police Star for Outstanding Service">
South African Police Star for Outstanding Service

The South African Police Star for Outstanding Service was a decoration that existed between 1979 and 2004. Recipients are entitled to the post-nominal letters SOE, standing for "Stella Officii Egregii", the Latin form of the name.
Instituted on 1 May 1979, the SOE took over the dual role previously played by the SA Police Star for Distinguished Service, and was awarded for particular gallantry, or for outstanding service, resourcefulness, leadership, or sense of responsibility and personal example. It was discontinued as a gallantry decoration when the SA Police Cross for Bravery was expanded to three classes in 1989, but continued to be granted for outstanding service until it was superseded by the SA Police Service Gold Medal for Outstanding Service on 4 May 2004.
The SOE is a silver-gilt cross, the arms made up of multiple rays, with pointed rays between the arms. In the centre is a stylised aloe plant. The reverse displays the national coat of arms and the words "Stella Officii Egregii'. Its ribbon is yellow, with green edges and a white-blue-white panel near each edge.

</doc>
<doc id="9711467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711467" title="KRISTI snowcat">
KRISTI snowcat

KRISTI snowcats were 1950s/1960s tracked vehicles suitable for snow and other terrain and produced originally in Colorado and then later in Washington.
KRISTI - Propeller Drive before Track Drive.
According to the introduction, contained in the operators manual:
"The development of the KRISTI snow vehicles began in early 1947 in the form of a very unusual snow plane. This propeller driven vehicle utilized a control by which the operator could tilt the machine from side to side, in effect raising one ski and lowering the other to negotiate up to 45-degree side slopes and permit high-speed turns without skidding. This tilting and edging of skis after the manner of a skier was called "Ski-Action". Since it could do a "Christie" up or down hill, the trade name "KRISTI" was adopted."
KRISTI's Track Driven Vehicles.
KRISTI was commercially built in Colorado. The original KRISTI company offered 3 basic models. The models were the KT2, KT3 and KT4. Total production of all the units combined, over the entire 12 year life of the original company's lifespan was lower than 1 year of production of commercially viable snowcats from Tucker Sno-Cat, Bombardier or Thiokol all of which were produced in North America during the same time period. The company changed ownership and moved to Washington and continued production. Production was always on a small scale, and the products were innovative. The most refined of the Kristi snowcats was the KT7, which was last produced and the least successful commercially with only 4 units built and 3 of them were prototypes that failed. The KT7 was designed and produced after the sale of the company and after it moved to Washington. It is possible that additional KT2, KT3 and KT4 units were manufactured by the new owners in Washington state but it is unlikely since the designs had not been substantially upgraded by the time the new owners purchased the company. A slightly smaller version of the KT3 was called the KT2. Both the KT2 and KT3 were powered by Volkswagen air-cooled 4-cylinder engines, it is reported that a small percentage may have been powered by Porsche engines. The KT2 and KT3 shared mechanicals and even shared the same operators manual. The VW engine developed 32 horsepower.
, Kristi also built custom tilt bed trailers used for hauling the KT3 which used the same tires and wheels on the trailer as on the KT3.
Various different sales brochures make different claims about the transmissions used in the Kristi KT3. It is therefore possible to find a KT3 with either 8 or 9 forward gears, and either 4 or 3 reverse gears. The units with 8 forward/4 reverse had a High-Low range ratio of 7:1. All used joystick controls in a V shaped arrangement that were centered under tachometer.
Specifications from the sales brochure for the KRISTI KT3 stated that it was 11' long, 7'4" wide and had a height of 5'9" with an empty weight of 2095 pounds. The KT3 was configured for 5 passengers and imparted 0.46 PSI of pressure onto the snow. It had a maximum cargo/passenger capacity of 1,500 pounds and a towing capacity of 2000 pounds. With a fuel capacity of 20 gallons of gasoline, it claims 15 to 18 hours of operating time and a top speed of 20 mph.
The KT3 sales brochure claimed the ability to climb a 100% grade with full load when not on the snow. It claimed the ability to climb a 70% grade in snow conditions with a full load and in soft snow it claims the ability to traverse a side slope with a 60% grade. The Kristi action adjustable track suspension will hold the cabin level on slopes with up to a 25% grade.
A larger Kristi snowcat was produced and designated the KT4 and the KT4a. The KT4 had a fully enclosed fiberglass body while the KT4a was an open version and "a" designated that it was an amphibious unit capable of floating and crossing streams or ponds. Fred W. Crimson's book, U.S. Military Tracked Vehicles (ISBN 978-0970056719) referred to the KRISTI KT4a's protopype as the "Water Walker" due to its amphibious capabilities. The KT4 and KT4a units are very rare and less than 5 are known to exist of a total production that was probably under 20. The KT4 was powered by a Chevrolet Corvair 4-cylinder gasoline engine.
A prototype model built on a modified Chevrolet 1/2 ton pick-up truck frame was built and designated the KWT. This unit still exists and is in storage. The KWT, according to the prototype's announcement pre-sales brochure, was built for ranchers and farmers as a heavy duty all terrain vehicle capable of hauling and towing loads into remote snowbound locations. It also was designed to be capable to be driven on the road with the tracks removed. The KWT never reached the production. The engine specified was to be a 250-cubic-inch, or optionally a 292-cubic-inch, 6-cylinder gasoline powered, Chevrolet engine. A brochure announces it would use conventional steering when driven as a wheeled vehicle but does not indicate how it would steer as a tracked vehicle. This prototype vehicle still exists and is currently unused and in storage and owned by a private antique vehicle collector.
KRISTI Washington, New Owners & the KT7.
KRISTI eventually changed ownership and they moved to Washington. A Kristi-Washington KT3 brochure shows the later model KT3s were equipped with a 53 hp VW engine, or alternately with a Porche (sic) engine. The brochure offers both new and remanufactured KT3 models for sale from the Washington facility. It lists the top speeds of the KT3 at 20 mph when powered by the VW engine, and 25 mph when powered by the Porche (sic) engine. Kristi of Washington developed a new model called the KT7 snowcat, of which only 4 were built and only 1 was successful. The KT7 used a Ford Angelina gasoline engine. The industrial engine has a 104 cu.in V-4 configuration generating 80 hp. While never produced, the brochure also offered a V-6, 171 cu.in. engine as an option. The engine was mounted in the middle of the snowcat with the driver and front passenger forward, and the rear passengers aft, facing the rear. There were access doors on either end of the KT7 and the rear and the front look nearly identical save for the headlamps. An early original brochure announcing the KT7 actually shows its designation as a KT3a and calls it an "improved KT3" but the production brochure has it designated as the KT7. The KT7 was tested by the FAA for use in Alaska but failed to achieve a 20 mph speed requirement; the sales brochure claims a 15 to 25 mph speed "depending on transmission/engine options." It is believed that this failure doomed the KT7, and ultimately lead to the demise of the company in the early 1970s. Photos of the only known restored KT7 Yetti are posted on this page, this unit is the last KT7 produced and is serial #004, it is also the only unit that was modestly successful.
According to an original sales brochure, specifications for the KT7 indicate it was 12'1" long, was 8'2" wide to the outside of the tracks, and had a body width of 4'1" and a height of 5'6" tall with the body in the lowered position and 6'4" tall with the body in the raised position. Ground clearance in the raised position is 16" and the weight is 3225# with a rated load of 1800#. Climbing performance is "Up to 100% depending on the terrain surface conditions."
KRISTI Snowcat's Historic Competitors.
KRISTI lost out competitively to the Tucker Sno-Cat Corporation, which was also American based and in production during the same period. Tucker Sno-Cat is currently one of the most successful snowcat manufacturers in the world today according to the Tucker website and still producing machines. Thiokol was another American made contemporary of Kristi that focused on small snowcats, notably the Imp, Super Imp and Spryte models. Like the Kristi KT4a amphibious model, Thiokol manufactured an amphibious version of the Spryte, called the Swamp Spryte. Thiokol sold its snowcat division in 1978 to automaker John DeLorean who renamed the company LMC Logan Machine Company and produced snowcats under the DMC brand name for approximately two years prior to switching the name to LMC. LMC remained in business until 2000, but changed ownership in 1988. Other notable snowcats of the same era were the Aktiv Snow Trac, which, like the KRISTI KT2 and KT3 were powered by Volkswagen and PORSCHE engines. The Snow Trac was successfully used in explorations in the Antarctic and the Arctic and attained production numbers of 2000 units and only ceased production in 1981 when Volkswagen discontinued the European production of the engines used to power the machines. Bombardier, of Canada, was also successful and is still in business today making aircraft, rail vehicles, snowmobiles, ATVs and watercraft.
While Kristi was commercially unsuccessful, it did outlive and out produce other companies that developed "snowplanes" largely because early in the life of the company they switched production from snowplanes to snowcats. The original KRISTI snowplanes were very similar to the earlier Russian Aerosan snowplanes which were developed 30 years prior to the designs from KRISTI. The KRISTI design was more advanced than the Aerosan, and utilized adjustable ski action to perform higher speed turns and received a patent for its design in 1955. Other competitors in the Snowplane market that failed to transition into tracked vehicle makers when the market changed included the LORCH Snowplane, the STEADMAN Snowplane, the FUDGE Snowplane, the LANSING Snowplane in addition to many smaller manufacturers and homebuilders. Snowplanes are well suited to travel on frozen lakes and snowcovered fields or roads but are not suitable for use in mountains or on rough ground. This limit probably led to their general demise as tracked vehicles are suitable for both types of terrain and may explain why Kristi remained in business for a longer period of time.

</doc>
<doc id="9711470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711470" title="Lapta Türk Birliği S.K.">
Lapta Türk Birliği S.K.

Lapta Türk Birliği Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot football club based in Lapta.
Colors.
The club colors are green and red.

</doc>
<doc id="9711471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711471" title="Artur Jędrzejczyk">
Artur Jędrzejczyk

Artur Jędrzejczyk (born November 4, 1987 in Dębica) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for FC Krasnodar in the Russian Premier League.
Career.
He joined Legia in August 2006 from Igloopol Dębica. He spent two seasons on loan in the lower leagues, then returned to Legia for the 2009-10 season.
On 7 August 2010, he scored a hat-trick against Arsenal London in a friendly match. The match ended with a 5-6 win for Arsenal.
On 30 May 2013 he signed a 3-years contract with FC Krasnodar.
International career.
On 12 October 2010, he debuted for the national team of Poland in a friendly match against Ecuador. The match ended with a 2-2 draw.

</doc>
<doc id="9711487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711487" title="Anegasaki Station">
Anegasaki Station

Station layout.
The station has 4 sets of tracks two island platforms. The station has shunts between northbound and southbound tracks which are used during busy periods by trains connected to Tsudanuma and Tokyo which have Anegasaki as their terminus.
Usage.
In 2005, there were approximately 11,386 passengers per day using Anegasaki station.
Surroundings.
To the east is the Kominato Railway and the Nittō Kōtsū Bus. The Nittō Kōtsū Bus can also be found on the west side operating with eight buses per day on holidays and weekdays. Kominato taxis as well as taxis from other companies can be found on both sides. The Kominato Tetsudō Bus is bound for Aobadai via Teikyo University Ichihara Hospital, while the Nittō Kōtsū Bus runs to various other places. Anegasaki-kōen Soccer Field, the JEF United Ichihara Chiba soccer team practice ground, is a 15 minute walk from the station. Since November 1, 2005 an Aobadai Community Bus running from the east exit to Dia Palace Aobadai via Teikyo University Ichihara Hospital has been in operation. 

</doc>
<doc id="9711488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711488" title="Ramu Kariat">
Ramu Kariat

Ramu Kariat ("alternatively Ramu Karyat") (1 February 1927 – 10 February 1979) was a Malayali Indian film director for almost three decades from the 1950s to the 1970s. He directed many acclaimed films in Malayalam. His noted films include "Neelakkuyil" (1954), "Minnaminungu" (1957), "Mudiyanaya Puthran" (1961), "Moodupadam" (1963) and the National Award winning "Chemmeen" (1965).
Career.
He started his career through the "Kerala People's Arts Club" (K.P.A.C.), a leftist theatre group. He debuted in films by co-directing Thiramala (1953) with Vimal Kumar/P.R.S Pillai and the path-breaking film "Neelakkuyil" in 1954 along with P. Bhaskaran. Neelakuyil was written by Uroob and starred Sathyan and Miss Kumari was a major commercial success. It was also the first Malayalam film to shoot outdoors, though the number of scenes shot outdoors was very less. This film is considered as the first mature film in Malayalam due to the professional approach it had in direction, script, performances and music. Ramu Kariat's co-director of the film P. Bhaskaran and cameraman A. Vincent went on to have illustrious careers themselves.
After Neelakkuyil, he directed "Minnaminungu" (1957), another noted film. His next film was the film version of veteran playwright Thoppil Bhasi's highly successful play "Mudiyanaya Puthran" (1961). After directing another noted film "Moodupadam" (1963), he went on to direct "Chemmeen" (1965). "Chemmeen" is considered as the turning point in Malayalam cinema. The film, an adaptation of Thakazhi Sivashankara Pillai's novel in the same name was the first Malayalam film to win the National Film Award for Best Feature Film. The tragic love story starring Madhu, Sathyan and Sheela went on to become major commercial success as well.
In 1975 he was a member of the jury at the 9th Moscow International Film Festival.
He directed fifteen films during his career.He was elected as Member of Legislative Assembly from Nattika in 1965 as a left independent.

</doc>
<doc id="9711505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711505" title="Charlie Chuck">
Charlie Chuck

Charlie Chuck is the stage name of British comedian David Kear.
Biography.
Kear began his career as a drummer with various bands in the late-1970s and early-1980s, including a stint with the Small Faces and the Amazing Bavarian Stompers with whom he performed on an edition of the children's TV series Tiswas in 1981. In the late 1980s, he turned to solo stand-up comedy as the surreally manic 'Charlie Chuck' and, in 1990, he was talent-spotted by the comedian Malcolm Hardee who arranged for him to appear on "Jools Holland's The Happening", a Sky TV series produced by Noel Gay Television.
He later appeared on the Sky TV talent show "Sky Star Search" where he was spotted by DJ James Whale, who booked him on several editions of his late night series "The James Whale Radio Show" (a radio show that was simultaneously broadcast on television by Yorkshire Television on the ITV Network).
In 1993-1995, he was a cast member of the BBC Two TV series "The Smell of Reeves and Mortimer". He appeared performing his Charlie Chuck character act, but was always referred to on-screen as 'Uncle Peter'. 
His long-running Charlie Chuck stage act often involved the destruction of a drum kit and was peppered by references to fantasy characters including One Eyed Dog, Cakey Pig and a Donkey. The words "Donkey!" and "Woof! Bark! Donkey!" shouted out more-or-less at random had been part of his Charlie Chuck act and became his 'Uncle Peter' catchphrases on the Reeves & Mortimer TV shows. As a result of these TV appearances, Paul McCartney became a fan and invited Chuck to perform at one of his birthday parties.
In 2001, he appeared as his Charlie Chuck character in a series of TV ads for Cadbury's Double Decker chocolate bars. 
In 2002 he appeared at the Edinburgh Fringe in a comedy show "Charlie Chuck is Scrooge", very remotely based on the Charles Dickens character and, that same year, his company Charlie Chuck Productions also staged Scots comic Ian Watt's one-man Fringe show "John Laurie, Frazer & I", which he directed as David Kear. 
In 2004, he guest-starred in the Edinburgh Fringe show "Nudge".
In 2006, he appeared as one of the acts in a 5-hour-long memorial tribute show at London's Hackney Empire theatre in memory of his mentor the late Malcolm Hardee.
He also appeared at the 2008 Magners Glasgow International Comedy Festival with fellow northern cult legend Frank Sidebottom.
In 2011 he narrated the audiobook You Only Live Once Thank Goodness written by Chris Wade.

</doc>
<doc id="9711513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711513" title="Imazato Station (Osaka Municipal Subway)">
Imazato Station (Osaka Municipal Subway)

Stations next to Imazato.
!colspan=5|Osaka Municipal Subway

</doc>
<doc id="9711515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711515" title="Natalya Kurbatova">
Natalya Kurbatova

Natalya Kurbatova (; born 17 October 1985) is a Russian long-distance runner who specializes in marathon races.
She finished thirteenth at the 2006 World Road Running Championships, helping the Russian team take a fifth place in the team competition.
Her personal best time in the half marathon is 1:11:05 hours, achieved in September 2006 in Saransk. In the marathon she has 2:33:43 hours, achieved in June 2006 in Saransk.

</doc>
<doc id="9711516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711516" title="Mohamed Khider">
Mohamed Khider

Mohamed Khider () (March 13, 1912, Biskra, Algeria – January 4, 1967, Madrid, Spain) was an Algerian politician.
War years and imprisonment.
Mohamed Khider was one of the original leaders of the Front de Libération nationale (FLN), having been previously active in its nationalist predecessors, the Étoile Nord-Africaine and Parti du Peuple Algerien (PPA) of Messali Hadj. From 1946 to 1951 he was a member of the French National Assembly as a representative of the Movement for the Triumph of Democratic Liberties (MTLD). He played an important role during the first years of the Algerian War of Independence (1954–62), mainly in representing the FLN externally. In 1956, he was part of a group of FLN politicians (Khider, Ahmad Ben Bella, Hocine Aït Ahmad, Mohamed Boudiaf and Rabah Bitat) captured by France in an airplane hijacking. Two years later, while incarcerated in France, he was an elected member of the GPRA exile government, holding the symbolical post of Minister of State. He was released as Algeria became independent in 1962.
Backing and opposing Ben Bella.
After returning to Algeria, Khider joined Ahmed Ben Bella and the FLN army's chief of staff, Col. Houari Boumédiène, in forming a Political Bureau of the FLN to replace the GPRA, over which they had no control. Boumédiène's army, built up outside the war zone in Morocco and Tunisia, quashed resistance among GPRA loyalists and guerrilla units inside Algeria, as it moved in from its border area bases.[http://lcweb2.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query2/r?frd/cstdy:@field(DOCID+dz0043)]
Khider then took on the role as Secretary-General of the post-war Party of FLN, with control over finances, but quickly fell out with President Ben Bella. Among the causes were political differences, personal rivalries, and opposition to Ben Bella's increasingly autocratic rule. Ben Bella refused Khider's requests to allow the FLN into the decision-making process, and replaced him as Secretary-General.
Exile and death.
In 1963, Khider went into exile in Switzerland, bringing $12 million (or $14 million [http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,843280,00.html) of party funds with him, saying they would be used to finance a political opposition to continue the "genuine" nationalist tradition of the FLN. In 1967, he was assassinated in Madrid, Spain. Most observers blamed his death on Col. Boumédiène, who had toppled Ben Bella two years earlier, and to whom Khider had declared his continued opposition.
He was rehabilitated by Boumédiène's successor, Chadli Bendjedid, in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="9711521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711521" title="Attewell">
Attewell

People with the surname Attewell:

</doc>
<doc id="9711523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711523" title="Gulnara Vygovskaya">
Gulnara Vygovskaya

Gulnara Vygovskaya (born 6 September 1980) is a Russian long-distance runner who specializes in marathon races.
She finished twelfth at the 2006 World Road Running Championships, helping the Russian team take a fifth place in the team competition.
Her personal best time in the half marathon is 1:12:06 hours, achieved in September 2006 in Saransk. In the marathon she has 2:32:51 hours, achieved in October 2006 in Frankfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="9711524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711524" title="2002 Solheim Cup">
2002 Solheim Cup

The 7th Solheim Cup Match was held between September 20 and September 22, 2002 at Interlachen Country Club, Edina, Minnesota, USA. Team USA won the trophy for the fifth time by a score of 15½ to 12½ points. Rosie Jones gained the winning point in her victory over Karine Icher.
Teams.
The European team was supposed to be made up of seven automatic qualifiers and five wild card picks but there was a tie for seventh position so there were eight automatic qualifiers and only four picks from Captain Dale Reid. The US team consisted of 10 automatic qualifiers and two picks from Captain Patty Sheehan.
Europe
Format.
The match format was slightly changed from 2000. A total of 28 points were available, divided among four periods of team play, followed by one period of singles play. The first period, on Friday morning, was four rounds of foursomes. This was followed in the afternoon by four rounds of fourballs. This schedule was repeated on the Saturday morning and afternoon. The four periods on Friday and Saturday accounted for 16 points. During these team periods, the players played in teams of two. All players had to play in at least one session of the first two days. The final 12 points were decided in a round of singles matchplay, in which all 24 players (12 from each team) took part.
Day one.
"Friday, September 20, 2002"
Day two.
"Saturday, September 21, 2002"
Day three.
"Sunday, September 22, 2002"

</doc>
<doc id="9711531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711531" title="Lohmann">
Lohmann

Lohmann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="9711546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711546" title="Eunice Jepkorir">
Eunice Jepkorir

Eunice Jepkorir (born 17 February 1982) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specialises in the steeplechase. She was the 2008 Olympic silver medalist in the event and bronze medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics.
She is from Eldama Ravine. Her parents are farmers and she has eight siblings (four brothers and four sisters). She started serious running at the age of 15 while at high school. In 2003 she competed at some road races in Germany.
She finished seventh in the long race at the 2004 World Cross Country Championships, while the Kenyan team, of which Jepkorir was a part, won the silver medal in the team competition. She won the Parelloop 10K in race in the Netherlands in 2005. She finished fourteenth at the 2006 World Road Running Championships, helping the Kenyan team win the team competition. She won the 2007 Cross Internacional de la Constitución.
She beat 3000m steeplechase Kenyan record at the Bislett Games in Oslo on 15 June 2007 by running 9:19.44. Two weeks later, on 2 July 2007 in Athens she ran 9:14.52, which is an African and Commonwealth record. The previous African record (9:15.04) was held by Dorcus Inzikuru of Uganda.
At the 2007 World Championships, she won bronze medal in 3000 m steeplechase. She won the 2007 Cursa de Bombers 10K race in Barcelona and defended her title the following year.
On 14 June 2008 she bettered her African record to 9:11.18 in Huelva, Spain. At the 2008 Summer Olympics she won silver medal by running 9:07.41, thus setting a new African record again. She failed to qualify for the 2009 World Championships in Athletics.
She came second behind Nuria Fernández at the 2011 Cross de San Sebastián in January, while her husband took the men's honours. She only competed once on the track that year, winning in Cáceres in June. She did not perform well at the 2012 Kenyan Olympic trials, finishing the race in 10:13.28 minutes and missing the Olympic team as a result.
She is married to Josphat Kiprono Menjo, another Kenyan runner.

</doc>
<doc id="9711581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711581" title="Yurika Nakamura">
Yurika Nakamura

She finished seventh at the 2006 World Road Running Championships, helping the Japanese team win the bronze medal in the team competition. In 2008, she won the Nagoya Marathon in her marathon debut. In the 2008 Summer Olympics marathon, she finished 13th. She won the 2009 Sapporo Half Marathon title with a time of 1:09:20.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9711596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711596" title="Ryoko Kizaki">
Ryoko Kizaki

Ryoko Kizaki (; born 21 June 1985) is a Japanese long-distance runner who competes in marathon and half marathon races. She won the 2011 Yokohama Women's Marathon in a personal best time of 2:26:32 hours. She is a three-time participant at the IAAF World Half Marathon Championships and a two-time medallist at the Summer Universiade.
Born in Kyoto, Kizaki attended the city's Miyazu High School before moving on to further study at Bukkyo University. While there, she competed for Japan at the Summer Universiade: she was the half marathon silver medallist at the 2005 event and won a second silver at the 2007 edition, where she set a personal best of 32:55.11 minutes in the 10,000 metres. She finished nineteenth at the 2006 World Road Running Championships, helping the Japanese team win the bronze medal in the team competition.
In 2008, she graduated from university and joined the Daihatsu corporate running team. The following year she came seventh in both the All-Japan Corporate Half Marathon Championships and the 10,000 m at the Japanese Athletics Championships. She went on to place thirteenth at the 2009 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships, although the Japanese women's team of Kizaki, Yurika Nakamura and Remi Nakazato were beaten out of the team medals by Russia.
Kizaki made her debut over the marathon distance (42.195 km) at the Osaka Ladies Marathon in January 2010. She finished in sixth place with a time of 2:27:34 hours, being the third Japanese to cross the line. At the Japanese track championships she was runner-up to Kayoko Fukushi in both the 5000 metres and 10,000 m events. As a result, she was chosen to represent Japan in the shorter event at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, where she took tenth place. She was also selected for the 2010 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships for a third time and had her best finish, coming in tenth place to take the team bronze for Japan with Yoshimi Ozaki and Azusa Nojiri.
In January 2011, she helped Kyoto to win the Inter-Prefectural Women's Ekiden and was fifth at the Osaka Marathon. The Yokohama Women's Marathon the following November saw her top the podium for the first time in the event. In spite of hot conditions and poor pacing, she ran a personal best of 2:26:32 hours and defeated her more favoured compatriot Yoshimi Ozaki. She won the first leg of the 2012 Inter-Prefectural Ekiden which opened a lead for the Osaka team to take the women's title. Her run in Yokohama gained her a spot for the 2012 Olympic Marathon, where she came sixteenth overall.
Kizaki improved her best by three minutes at the Nagoya Marathon in March 2013, running a time of 2:23:34 hours to win the race and another international selection.

</doc>
<doc id="9711599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711599" title="Dirty White Boy (band)">
Dirty White Boy (band)

Dirty White Boy was a short-lived, glam metal band formed in Los Angeles, California, U.S. in 1988. The band released an album called "Bad Reputation" in 1990 and toured the U.S. and Europe to support it before breaking up due to poor album sales.
The band was formed by three musicians already somewhat established in the music world and wanting to try their hands at joining in with the current trends. Frontman David Glen Eisley had just been ousted from the band Giuffria (at the advice of non-member Gene Simmons, who basically dissolved the band) and was looking to get involved in a new project; Keni Richards had previously been the drummer for the band Autograph, who had a major hit in the mid-1980s with "Turn Up the Radio" and had recently broken up; Earl Slick had already developed a prolific career as a session guitarist, and occasional solo artist, throughout the 1970s and 1980s, playing with the likes of David Bowie and John Lennon. Bassist F. Kirk Alley was the only member of the band who had not had any prior mainstream experience.

</doc>
<doc id="9711604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711604" title="Theodore de Laguna">
Theodore de Laguna

Theodore de Laguna (July 22, 1876 – 1930) was an American philosopher who taught for years at Bryn Mawr College and was known as an early feminist.
Biography.
He was the son of Alexandro Francisco Lopez de Leo de Laguna, a French-U.S. academic who was born in upper Normandy, France, and was of Italian and Jewish ancestry, and Fredericke Bergner, the daughter of refugees from the 1848 revolution in Germany.
His mother died young, and he was raised by an aunt, Frederica.
He received a B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1896, an M.A. in 1899, and a Ph.D. in philosophy from Cornell University.
In 1901 he volunteered as a teacher in the Philippines in the aftermath of the Spanish-American War.
Upon his return he taught at Cornell, where he met and married a Ph.D. student, Grace Mead Andrus. In 1907 Theodore and Grace both began teaching philosophy at Bryn Mawr College.
In 1905, he accepted a position as a professor at the University of Michigan.
He died in 1930.
His children included the anthropologist Frederica de Laguna.

</doc>
<doc id="9711607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711607" title="Hamitköy S.K.">
Hamitköy S.K.

Hamitköy Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot football club based in Hamitköy, Nicosia District.
Colors.
The club colors are red and black.
Stadium.
The club's home stadium is Hamitköy Stadyumu.

</doc>
<doc id="9711616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711616" title="Selo Rakovica">
Selo Rakovica

Selo Rakovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Село Раковица) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac and should not be confused with the neighborhood of Rakovica in the municipality of the same name.
Location.
Selo Rakovica is located in the central part of the municipality, in the valley of the creeks of Rakovički potok and "Milošev potok", some 15 kilometers south-east of downtown Belgrade. Once a small village distant from downtown, Selo Rakovica today grew into one continuous built-up area with the rest of the city, bordering the neighborhoods of Jajinci on the north and Beli Potok on the south.
Characteristics.
At the time, Selo Rakovica got the official prefix "selo" (Serbian for "village") to make a distinction from the much larger, industrial suburb of Rakovica. However, in 1970s, Selo Rakovica was also annexed to the Belgrade City proper ("uža teritorija grada") but the style "Selo" remained in an unofficial use. It is completely residential area with a population of 2,661 in 2002.
The settlement spreads from the central street, the Boulevard of Liebration, which starts in central Belgrade (the Slavija square). As the settlement was growing, it spread to the south reaching the major road in the southern outskirts of Belgrade, the "Kružni put". From that intersection, the Boulevard of Revolution is known as "Avalski put" (Avala road) and continues further to the south to the mountain of Avala.

</doc>
<doc id="9711620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711620" title="Liam Cort">
Liam Cort

Liam Cort (born in 1989) is a basketball player for the Milton Keynes Lions, an English basketball team. He progressed through the Milton Keynes Lions junior ranks and now 18 years old and still in school in Milton Keynes. Liam Cort is in his first full professional season with the Lions senior team.
Because of his height (6 ft 3 in) Cort mainly plays guard, and is currently coming off the bench.

</doc>
<doc id="9711622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711622" title="BBC Jam">
BBC Jam

BBC Jam (formerly known as BBC Digital Curriculum) was an online educational service operated by the BBC from January 2006 to 20 March 2007. The service was available free across the United Kingdom offering multi-media educational resources. Jam was the BBC's provision for the Digital Curriculum, an initiative launched by the British Government to provide computer-based learning in UK schools, and had a budget of £150 million. The service was shut down due to a legal challenge concerning fair trading by the BBC.
Content.
The content of the service was connected with the National Curriculum for schools in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. It covered school subjects such as maths, science, literacy, geography, business studies and languages, and was designed to provide free, independent computer-based learning for school children.
The service was required to support users with disability by incorporating accessibility features such as audible text, subtitles on videos etc. There were also subjects which were translated into Welsh, Scottish Gaelic and Irish.
History.
Prior to launch.
BBC Jam was commissioned in 2003 by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, and designed:-
In consultation with BECTA, the Government's educational technology department, the service was allowed to cover no more than 50% of the learning outcomes that are amendable to ICT.
Closure.
The service was suspended on 20 March 2007 at the request of the BBC Trust, in response to complaints made to the European Commission by a number of commercial producers of interactive educational products who felt that the BBC was exceeding its public service remit by offering free content to schools which could be provided commercially. This resulted in departmental restructuring and a number of job losses in the BBC. The Trust requested that the BBC management prepare a fresh proposal, including how the BBC should deliver its Charter obligation — promoting formal education and learning, whilst meeting the online needs of school age children.
The new proposal was subjected to a full Public Value Test by the Trust and a market impact assessment by Ofcom, the United Kingdom's telecoms regulator.
In February 2008 it was announced that the BBC's digital curriculum project would finally be closed.

</doc>
<doc id="9711625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711625" title="Jean-Louis Murat">
Jean-Louis Murat

Jean-Louis Murat (born 18 January 1952) is the pseudonym of the French singer/songwriter Jean-Louis Bergheaud. He spent much of his childhood with his grandparents in Murat-le-Quaire from which he got his pseudonym.
Biography.
Born in Chamalières, Jean-Louis Bergheaud went to live with his grandparents in Murat-le-Quaire near Clermont-Ferrand when his parents divorced. He was a lonely and introvert child. While still young, he showed early musical abilities, practicing various instruments before joining the local Music Academy, where he developed his singing ability. He loved romantic and Sturm und Drang literature and was the first in his family to get a high school diploma. In numerous interviews he has insisted on the role played by one of his English teachers who introduced him to rock music and rhythm’n’blues while he was just a teenager in a part of the country where rock records and rock radios were not found.
He joined Clermont-Ferrand University, got married at 17, became a father at 19, then left it all behind to travel across France and Europe, mainly living on menial jobs. 
His musical career started in the late 1970s when he played in several ephemeral bands. One of these short lived bands named Clara drew the attention of French American singer-songwriter William Sheller who hired the band as an opening act for some of his gigs.
At the beginning of the 1980s, after Clara split, his first EP "Suicidez-vous, le peuple est mort" ("Suicide, The People are Dead") was not successful. It was rumoured to have provoked a suicide attempt leading to it being removed from some rock radio stations playlists, Europe 1 for example. Murat then recorded his eponymous debut album. His sophomore effort, "Passions Privées", came out in 1984. Both failed to meet any success, so the record company broke his contract.
He then embarked on a barren run that lasted several years. In 1989 his new album "Cheyenne Autumn" was released by Virgin. Its first single, "Si je devais manquer de toi", finally succeeded in meeting a larger audience. Three more singles ("L’ange déchu", "Amours débutants" and "Te garder près de moi") gained further airplay as well.
Two years later, his new album "Le manteau de pluie" together with its two singles "Col de la Croix-Morand" and, especially, "Sentiment nouveau", finally hit the charts.
The same year, "Regrets", a duet with French-pop star Mylène Farmer gave him wider success and a greater recognition by the mainstream audience. It hit #3 in the French singles charts. Murat was almost 40 and was at last known on the French-pop scene. From then on, his albums entered the album charts on a regular basis.

</doc>
<doc id="9711632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711632" title="Bell End">
Bell End

Bell End is a village in the English county of Worcestershire. It is situated approximately south-east of Hagley on the A491, north of Bromsgrove and close to Kidderminster, Stourbridge and Halesowen. It lies in the local government district of Bromsgrove.
On the western side of the village is Bell House, a Victorian Gothic mansion on the site of the original manor house. It was built in 1847 for Charles Noel, later a High Sheriff of Worcestershire, by the architect Edward Smith of Oldswinford.

</doc>
<doc id="9711633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711633" title="Juan Carlos Thorry">
Juan Carlos Thorry

Born José Antonio Torrontegui and known as Juan Carlos Thorry (Coronel Pringles, June 28, 1908 – San Antonio de Padua, February 12, 2000) was an Argentine film actor, tango musician and director.
Best known for his work in tango films in the Cinema of Argentina, he entered the industry in 1935 in "El caballo del pueblo", followed by "Radio Bar" in 1936 and made nearly 60 film appearances between then and his retirement in 1969. 
He died in San Antonio de Padua on February 12, 2000 of heart failure.
Filmography.
Director:
Actor:

</doc>
<doc id="9711640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711640" title="Bad Reputation (Dirty White Boy album)">
Bad Reputation (Dirty White Boy album)

Bad Reputation is the name of the 1990 glam metal album by the band Dirty White Boy. It was the only album released by the band and spawned two singles "Let's Spend Momma's Money" and "Lazy Crazy" although due to the changing music scene shortly thereafter to grunge neither were successful. The album was produced by Beau Hill and released on the Polydor label. It is known that the band were unhappy with the sound of the final product and this could be another reason they decided to split.

</doc>
<doc id="9711649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711649" title="Binatlı Yılmaz S.K.">
Binatlı Yılmaz S.K.

Binatlı Yılmaz Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot football club based in Morphou.
Colors.
The club colors are yellow and green.
Stadium.
The club's home stadium is Zafer Stadı.

</doc>
<doc id="9711662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711662" title="Nick Landau">
Nick Landau

Nick Landau is a British media figure, co-owner of the Titan Entertainment Group, which publishes Titan Magazines and Titan Books and owns the London Forbidden Planet store.
Biography.
Early comics involvement.
Landau was significantly involved in comics fandom from at least 1968. He was co-editor of the fanzine "Comic Media", ran comic marts and imported American comics into the UK. In the mid-70s, he ran a shop selling imported US comics in London's Notting Hill.
2000 AD.
In the mid-1970s, after finishing a post-graduate course at film school, Landau got his break when he went to the offices of science-fiction comic "2000 AD" to interview then-editor Pat Mills for "Comic Media News" (a spin off from "Comic Media"). Mills was planning on resigning once the comic had become established, and following the interview, had decided that Landau would make a suitable chief sub-editor, saying:
Nick was clearly an exceptional person and I knew he would be of great value, but publisher John Sanders rightly regarded most comic fans with deep suspicion, irrelevant to a mainstream undertaking. I agreed with feeling and still do. Nick was the exception to an otherwise golden rule.
Landau didn't get that job due to his lack of experience, but he was soon given the same position at IPC Magazines' "Action". When Mills stepped down after sixteen issues, replaced by Kelvin Gosnell, Landau was brought in as Gosnell's chief sub-editor. Gosnell was overwhelmed by the amount of work needed to launch "Starlord", and Landau took up the slack. As Gosnell describes it, "As soon as "Starlord" came on the scene, I lost it. I had to have someone running "2000 AD" and that was Nick Landau. He was halfway between editor and chief sub" and Roy Preston was made a sub-editor to take up the slack and help Landau. With the focus on the launch of "Starlord" (issue #1 was cover dated May 13, 1978), Landau, Preston and art editor Kevin O'Neill had more creative freedom. As Mills says, "Some of the best decisions on "2000 AD"'s future were made while they were running the show. They were responsible for "The Cursed Earth", credit cards and encouraged talented artists like Garry Leach and Brian Bolland." Gosnell disagrees, stating that "his wonderful gush of creative freedom they felt when I started on "Starlord" nearly got "2000 AD" taken off the market."
They ran into legal problems over fill-in stories for "The Cursed Earth" (which satirised the big food companies, including figures like Ronald McDonald and the Jolly Green Giant) but the main problems came over "Inferno", the sequel to "Harlem Heroes". Concerns were raised over the violence in the story, but the sequence of events is unclear, as David Bishop writes in "Thrill Power Overload", "rying to determine exactly what happened next is problematic, due to conflicting memories and the passage of time." The outcome was that, with issue #86 (cover-dated 14 October 1978), when "Starlord" was merged into "2000 AD", Landau was moved into the same role at "Battle", swapping places with Steve MacManus. Landau soon resigned from "Battle" and moved full-time back into the world of commerce.
Forbidden Planet and Titan Entertainment Group.
Landau first saw the opportunity to distribute American comics in the UK in the 1970s, when only a small range of US comic books were available in British news agents. In the late 70s he established Titan Distributors, which was a wholesaler for comics, science fiction and other genre materials, with partners Mike Lake and Mike Luckman. In 1978, the three also opened the first Forbidden Planet shop in Denmark Street, London (also known as 'Tin Pan Alley'). They then set up the publishing company Titan Books, which in 1981 produced its first title, collected reprints of Brian Bolland's Judge Dredd stories from 2000 A.D. This was one of the earliest high quality, book format publications of comic material in the UK (the term graphic novel was not in widespread use at that time), and Titan Books followed the first title with numerous other 2000 A.D. reprints. Subsequently the publishing company expanded operations and now publishes both new and licensed graphic novels and film and TV tie-ins.
In 1992 Landau parted company with Lake (Luckman had departed earlier to run a Forbidden Planet store in New York). Lake later sold Titan Distributors to the US comics distributor Diamond Comic Distributors and then established his own Forbidden Planet line of stores, Forbidden Planet International, mainly in northern England and Scotland.
Landau set up the group company Titan Entertainment Group (TEG) in 1993. The group now includes Forbidden Planet, Titan Books, Titan Magazines, publishers of "Star Trek Magazine", the Wallace and Gromit comic, UK editions of Simpsons Comics, and many other titles; and Titan Merchandise, producers of high-quality licensed merchandise for global properties, including Marvel Comics, Doctor Who, Kick-Ass, and Hammer Horror. TEG no longer distributes comics. Although TEG has made some attempts to establish Forbidden Planet abroad, there are no longer any TEG-owned FP stores outside the UK.
Landau now runs TEG with current business partner and wife Vivian Cheung.
Bibliography.
He has written some comic stories:

</doc>
<doc id="9711663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711663" title="Patricio Graff">
Patricio Graff

Patricio Andrés Graff (born 18 November 1975) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a left defender.
Club career.
Born in Rosario, Santa Fe, Graff represented Rosario Central, Feyenoord, FC Den Bosch, Sporting de Gijón, Rayo Vallecano, CD Numancia, Hércules CF and Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata, in a 15-year senior career.
From 2002 to 2005, whilst in Spain, he experienced three consecutive relegations from La Liga (two with Rayo, one with Numancia). In that country, in which he played nearly one decade, Graff appeared in almost 300 official matches, 94 of those in the top division.

</doc>
<doc id="9711676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711676" title="Sander Boschker">
Sander Boschker

Sander Bernard Jozef Boschker (; born 20 October 1970) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper almost his whole career for FC Twente .
During a professional career which spanned more than two decades he played mostly for Twente (two spells, 22 seasons), appearing in 555 Eredivisie games and winning four major titles.
Club career.
Born in Lichtenvoorde, Oost Gelre, Gelderland, Boschker made his professional debuts with FC Twente in the 1989–90 season, appearing in one game with the first team. After an irregular beginning he firmly established himself in the side's starting XI, going on to play in more than 400 official matches for the Eredivisie club.
Aged almost 33 Boschker moved to AFC Ajax, but had to settle with battling for being backup with the Amsterdam outfit, unable to dislodge youth product Maarten Stekelenburg. The following summer he returned to Twente, adding next to 200 more official appearances (in the 2008–09 campaign, he only missed five league contests for an eventual runner-up finish), and playing into his 40s.
In 2009–10, Boschker played in all 34 games as Twente won the first league title in the club's history – he only conceded 23 goals, second-best in the competition. Since 2010, though, he acted as understudy to Nikolay Mihaylov, and spent most of the following year rehabbing after two calf injuries. 
On 25 June 2012, Boschker extended his link for another year.
International career.
Although Boschker never made an appearance for the Netherlands until 2010, he was included in Marco van Basten's provisional squad for UEFA Euro 2008. However, following the friendly against Ukraine on 21 May, the manager released him, as he was deemed only the fourth-choice goalkeeper. 
After a stellar 2009–10 club season, 39-year-old Boschker was included in the provisional squad of 30 players for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. On 27 May 2010, national team manager Bert van Marwijk announced that the player would be part of the final squad of 23, and Boschker appeared in a friendly with Ghana in Rotterdam (4–1 victory), replacing Michel Vorm at half-time; as a result, he became both the oldest player to ever make his debut and play for the Dutch national team.

</doc>
<doc id="9711679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711679" title="Bearlake">
Bearlake

Bearlake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9711692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711692" title="CFSA">
CFSA

CFSA stands for:

</doc>
<doc id="9711708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711708" title="Bostancı Bağcıl S.K.">
Bostancı Bağcıl S.K.

Introduction.
Bostancı Bağcıl Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot football club based in Zodeia, Morphou/Omorfo.
Colors.
The club colors are white and green.
Stadium.
The club's home stadium is Bostancı Yakup Ozorun Stadı.

</doc>
<doc id="9711719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711719" title="Bulgarian National Socialist Workers Party">
Bulgarian National Socialist Workers Party

The Bulgarian National Socialist Workers Party (Bulgarian language: Българска Национал-Социалистическа Работническа Партия) was a Nazi party based in the Kingdom of Bulgaria. 
It was one of a number of anti-Semitic groups to emerge in Bulgaria after the rise of Adolf Hitler in Germany, with other notable groups including the Union of Bulgarian National Legions and Ratnik. The party was established by Doctor Hristo Kunchev or Kuntscheff in 1932, who had studied medicine in Berlin. The party sought to copy the Nazi Party by adopting the National Socialist Program, the swastika and other symbols of the German party. Like most of its competitors on the far right it was an ephemeral group with only a small membership. The party published a newspaper called "Attack!", similar to "Der Angriff" of Joseph Goebbels. After the Bulgarian Communist Party established the People's Republic of Bulgaria the party was banned.

</doc>
<doc id="9711722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711722" title="Birgitta Ahlqvist">
Birgitta Ahlqvist

Birgitta Ahlqvist, born 1948, is a Swedish social democratic politician, She was a member of the Riksdag from 1994 to 1995, and then again from 1998 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9711725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711725" title="Jehan Adam">
Jehan Adam

Jehan Adam was a French mathematician who flourished in the 15th century. He was secretary to Nicholle Tilhart, who was notary, secretary and auditor of accounts to King Louis XI of France.
He published a manuscript in 1475 containing the first use of the terms "bymillion" and "trimillion", which gave rise to the modern terms "billion" and "trillion". His usage referred to the long scale values of 1012 and 1018 respectively. These terms have subsequently been revalued in English to the short scale values 109 and 1012 respectively, although the original values remain in long scale countries.

</doc>
<doc id="9711726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711726" title="South Staffordshire Water">
South Staffordshire Water

South Staffordshire Water plc known as South Staffs Water is a UK water supply company owned by a privately owned utilities company serving parts of Staffordshire and the West Midlands, England.
South Staffordshire Water provides drinking water to 1.29 million consumers and supplies 330 million litres of water every day across a network of pipes that total in length to approximately 500,000 homes and 36,000 business customers in an area covering . Under Ofwat’s measure of overall service to customers, OPA, the company has been positioned in the top 5 of the generally 20–23 water companies in every year since 1999. 
South Staffordshire Water Plc is part of South Staffordshire Plc, wholly owned by Alinda Infrastructure Fund. 
Supply Area.
The area supplied is to the north and west of Birmingham and includes 
Severn Trent Water provides all mains sewerage services to customers in South Staffordshire's designated area.
Customer service.
South Staffordshire Water was joint first with Anglian Water in Ofwat’s Service Incentive Mechanism ‘Satisfaction by Company’ survey 2012/13.
Drinking water quality.
The company were 99.91% compliant with drinking water quality tests carried out in 2012/13.
Leakage.
Leakage performance was at 65.3 megalitres per day in 2012/13, compared to 68.2 Ml/d in 2011/12 and 72.8 Ml/d in 2010/11.
Carbon footprint.
The annual operational greenhouse gas emissions of the regulated business were 55.41 kilotonnes in 2012/13, compared to 61.61 ktC02e in 2011/12. 
Water Sources.
Two of South Staffordshire Water's reservoirs supply 60% of water demand with the remainder provided by 69 boreholes.

</doc>
<doc id="9711746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711746" title="Robin Nelisse">
Robin Nelisse

Robin Nelisse (born 25 January 1978 in Rotterdam) is a former Netherlands Antillean football forward, the former Netherlands Antillean national team.
Biography.
Nelisse started his professional career in the 1997-1998 season playing for Feyenoord Rotterdam. He later served Cambuur Leeuwarden, AZ Alkmaar and Red Bull Salzburg. 
Nelisse announced his retirement from professional football on August 10, 2011 due to a recurring knee injury.

</doc>
<doc id="9711748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711748" title="Bruce Doolan">
Bruce Doolan

Bruce Richard Doolan (born 9 September 1947 in Launceston, Tasmania) was an Australian cricket player, who played for the Tasmanian Cricket Team. His career was from 1972 until 1978.
Doolan was a left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. He was a member of the Tasmanian team which played in the state's first ever Sheffield Shield match in 1977, and was a member of the 1978-79 Gillette Cup winning side.

</doc>
<doc id="9711753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711753" title="Madshus">
Madshus

Madshus is a Norwegian ski and ski-equipment manufacturer, located at Biri in Gjøvik. The company produces cross-country skis and ski-boots. 
History.
Madshus is the world's oldest ski manufacturer. The first Madshus ski were produced by Martin Madshus in 1906 in a barn in Vardal near Gjøvik. The company was moved to Lillehammer in 1936, and then to Biri in 1972. In 1988, the factory was bought by K2 Sports Inc, but the skis are still produced at Biri. Some Madshus skis have been made in China (e.g. some 2013-2014 Glittertinds).
Madshus is one of only two remaining Norwegian ski manufacturers, the other being Åsnes Ski.

</doc>
<doc id="9711760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711760" title="Henk Lauwers">
Henk Lauwers

Henk Lauwers is a classical baritone singer (lyric baritone), born in Ypres, Belgium in 1956
As a very young boy soprano Lauwers performed under direction of Benjamin Britten his "War Requiem". Later he studied classical flute but gained international fame as a classical baritone singer. One of his most notable performances has been his live interpretation of "Eight Songs for a Mad King" by Peter Maxwell Davies in a Transparent Muziektheater production directed by Ian Burton.
Recordings.
"(labels Antler, Naxos, Erato, Classic Talent, Sony BMG, Ariola Classic)"

</doc>
<doc id="9711763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711763" title="Gönyeli S.K.">
Gönyeli S.K.

Gönyeli Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot football club based in Kioneli, Nicosia.
Colors.
The club colors are red and white.
Stadium.
The club's home stadium is Gönyeli Ali Naci Karacan Stadı, named for journalist Ali Naci Karacan.

</doc>
<doc id="9711769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711769" title="Bo Bernhardsson">
Bo Bernhardsson

Bo Gösta Ingemar Bernhardsson (born 19 July 1949) is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag 1991–1995 and then again in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9711774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711774" title="Colleen Rusholme">
Colleen Rusholme

Colleen Rusholme (born November 5, 1973, in Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario) is a Canadian radio and television broadcaster. Rusholme began her career as a news reporter in Toronto and later as morning co-host on EZ Rock 97.3 (2005-2011).
Rusholme has interviewed Faith Hill, Shania Twain and Celine Dion. She was an airborne traffic reporter and a co-host of CMT's flagship show, "CMT Central". Other TV roles include co-hosting CBC's "Hockeyville" and the voice of many CBC, Discovery and HGTV programs.
Currently, Rusholme can be heard weekdays on Vinyl 95.3's morning show with Darrin Laidman (Big D) in Hamilton, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="9711778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711778" title="Britt Bohlin Olsson">
Britt Bohlin Olsson

Britt Bohlin Olsson, born 1956, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1988 to 2008. She was appointed County Governor of Jämtland County in 2008, and replaced in the Riksdag by Renée Jeryd.

</doc>
<doc id="9711784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711784" title="Nicolaas Kruik">
Nicolaas Kruik

Nicolaas (Klaas) Kruik (2 December 1678, Vlieland – 5 February 1754, Spaarndam), also known as Nicolaes Krukius or most commonly by the Latinized Nicolaus Samuelis Cruquius, was a Dutch land surveyor, cartographer, astronomer and weatherman. He is remembered most today for the Museum De Cruquius bearing his name.
He was a perfectionist who liked to measure things and he calculated temperature measurements in Fahrenheit from 1706 to 1734. His historical calculations are still used today by the KNMI, the Dutch meteorological institute. He not only measured weather changes in wind speed, rainfall, air pressure, temperature, and humidity, but also measured sea level. His method of visualizing planes of water level to illustrate contours of depth (isobaths) in his map of the Merwede was the first of its kind. He was an advocate of pumping out the Haarlemmermeer (Haarlem lake), which was done a century after his death.
Biography.
He became a surveyor at the age of 19 and began to draw maps, a lucrative job in his day. Though born in Vlieland, he moved to Delft a few years after he was born and it is there in 1705 that he started his first weather observations. In 1717 at the age of 39, though firmly established as a respected surveyor, he moved to the family farm in Rijnsburg outside Leiden and chose to study in Leiden under Herman Boerhaave, at that time the most famous scientist in the Netherlands. He signed himself in as "Krukius, medical student, born in Delft". Thanks to Boerhaave, Kruik became a member of the Royal Society of London. The secretary of the Royal Society at that time, James Jurin, started the first European network of meteorological weather stations, and the Dutch members played a large part. Kruik was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1724.
In 1721 and 1723 Luigi Ferdinando Marsigli traveled to Holland and he and Boerhaave stimulated Kruik to keep systematic observations in the belief that climate changes had an effect on public health. Kruik started to travel the various beaches and rivers in the Netherlands and study the waterlevels while continuing his mapmaking work. On these trips he was sometimes accompanied by Boerhaave and Marsigli. While studying the Merwede, he began to form plans to help keep the lower areas of the Netherlands dry. It was at this time that Kruik changed his name to the Latin "Cruquius" after his first publications of maps and measurements. In 1725 he wrote a famous letter to Willem 's Gravesande, a Dutch professor of physics and astronomy at Leiden, proposing an empirical deductive research method to solve the water problems of the Netherlands. This letter started the chain of events in working that eventually led to a plan presented to the United Provinces to create a water defense plan in 1727. It was this unified water plan that in turn led to the creation of Haarlemmermeer bij pumping the Haarlem lake dry more than a century later. 
In 1733 he became a member of the 'Hoogheemraadschap Rijnland', the Dutch Waterboard Agency, and worked as a Waterboard inspector in Spaarndam. It was here that he met Jan Noppen (1706–1734), the Halfweg inspector, who started the earliest continuous weatherstation in Zwanenburg with measurements 3 times daily of temperature, air pressure, humidity, and rainfall.
An eccentric man, Kruik wrote music, and had an obsessive need to measure things. This need included measuring his own weight and amount of urine daily. According to contemporary accounts, only Boerhaave could successfully work with him.

</doc>
<doc id="9711786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711786" title="Lac d'Oô">
Lac d'Oô

The Lac d'Oô is an artificial lake in the Pyrenees with an area of 42 hectares located at an altitude of 1507 m in the commune of Oô.

</doc>
<doc id="9711793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711793" title="Annunziata Rees-Mogg">
Annunziata Rees-Mogg

Annunziata Mary Glanville née Rees-Mogg (born 25 March 1979) is an English freelance journalist, focusing on finance, economics, and European politics. 
She has been a leader writer for "The Daily Telegraph", deputy editor of "MoneyWeek", and editor of the "European Journal", a Eurosceptic magazine owned by Bill Cash's think tank, the European Foundation. She is also a regular contributor on the BBC. 
She is also active in Conservative politics and was added to the party's A-List by David Cameron. She was unsuccessful as a Conservative parliamentary candidate in the 2005 and 2010 general elections, and her name is no longer on the party's A-list.
Early life.
The daughter of the late William Rees-Mogg, a former editor of "The Times" and a Conservative life peer, and the sister of Jacob Rees-Mogg, a Eurosceptic Conservative Member of Parliament, she was born on 25 March 1979 in the Royal United Hospital, Bath. She has spent much of her life living in the Mendips, and grew up at Hinton Blewett. 
She joined the Conservative Party at the unusually early age of five. She later said of this "I was too young to be a Young Conservative, so I joined the main party. Aged eight I was out canvassing, proudly wearing my rosette."
Education.
She was educated at Godolphin and Latymer School in Hammersmith, west London, an independent day school for girls. There, she took A-levels in History, Chemistry and Economics, which she has called "a very odd mix".
Career.
After leaving school in 1997, she decided against going to a university and instead tried a series of different jobs, in journalism, investment banking, publishing, public relations, and stockbroking. She later said "I didn't go to university... I knew I'd have great fun, spend my parents' money, and do very little work. I was also bored with studying." In 1998, she moved with her family to Mells, near Frome in Somerset. 
In 2003 she set up Trust the People, a campaign for a referendum on the European Constitution aimed at those too young to have voted in the Common Market referendum of 1975. She has spent much time since 2002 campaigning against Britain's joining the Euro, in favour of bringing powers back to Britain, and for a No vote in a referendum on the European Constitution. 
Rees-Mogg was a Conservative association ward chairman in London for the 2002 local elections. In the 2005 general election she came fourth in the safe Labour seat of Aberavon constituency, South Wales, increasing the Conservative vote from 2,096 to 3,064,
She was selected as prospective parliamentary candidate for Somerton & Frome in 2006. "The Observer" said of her "Having enjoyed finance and journalism, she combined the two in a career as a financial journalist. When she turns to discussing Gordon Brown's economic record, she does so with authority.” An article in "The Sunday Telegraph" in October 2009 reported "Some high-profile women are already installed in winnable seats: Louise Bagshawe Mensch, Annunziata Rees-Mogg, Priti Patel, Laura Sandys and Joanne Cash will all make colourful additions to the Tory benches." However, at the 2010 general election, Rees-Mogg failed to take the Somerton and Frome seat from the sitting Liberal Democrat member David Heath, who held the seat with a much increased majority.
As reported in "The Mail on Sunday", in advance of the 2010 election David Cameron had asked Rees-Mogg to shorten her name for political purposes to Nancy Mogg. She refused, replying that "Nancy Mogg may be shorter, but I would rather remain Annunziata Rees-Mogg." This was reported widely, even in "The Australian" newspaper, and Rees-Mogg later commented "I think it’s phoney to pretend to be someone you're not." She has also noted that "When I became a journalist, they had to put my name in a specially small font to fit it on the page." On Twitter, she uses the name "zatzi".
Personal life.
In her spare time, Rees-Mogg collects trees, which she has planted in Somerset for more than a decade. She is also an opponent of the Hunting Act 2004. On Iraq, she has said "I think it was a terrible mistake to invade Iraq".
In September 2010 she became engaged to Matthew Glanville, and on 6 November 2010 they were married in Italy at Lucca. In December 2010, she announced that she was pregnant, and on 8 March 2011 she gave birth to a daughter, Isadora.

</doc>
<doc id="9711794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711794" title="Britt-Marie Lindkvist">
Britt-Marie Lindkvist

Britt-Marie Lindkvist, born 1941, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1998 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9711795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711795" title="Tatlısu Halk Odası S.K.">
Tatlısu Halk Odası S.K.

Tatlısu Halk Odası Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot sports club based in Tatlısu, Famagusta District.
Colors.
The club colors are yellow and black.

</doc>
<doc id="9711802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711802" title="Shōhei Tochimoto">
Shōhei Tochimoto

As of 2007, his best World Cup finish is 6th at Kuusamo in 2009. Tochimoto's best individual finish was third at an FIS Cup competition at Sapporo in 2006.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, he finished fifth in the team large hill, 37th in the individual normal hill, and 45th in the individual large hill events.

</doc>
<doc id="9711804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711804" title="Oô">
Oô

Oô is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southwestern France.
Population.
Its inhabitants are called "Ousiens".
Geography.
The Lac d'Oô is situated in the commune.

</doc>
<doc id="9711806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711806" title="Bernard Schuiteman">
Bernard Schuiteman

Bernard Schuiteman (, born October 3, 1973 in Garderen, Gelderland) is a retired football (soccer) defender from the Netherlands, who began his professional career in the 1993-1994 with Bayer Leverkusen. He later played with Feyenoord Rotterdam, FC Utrecht, Grazer AK, FSV Mainz 05, SpVgg Unterhaching, Apollon Limassol and Cambuur Leeuwarden.

</doc>
<doc id="9711812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711812" title="Britta Rådström">
Britta Rådström

Britta Rådström, born 1954, is a Swedish social democratic politician. She has been a member of the Riksdag since 2004. 
She should not be confused with her namesake, a psychology student who married Swedish author Pär Rådström.

</doc>
<doc id="9711837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711837" title="1932 in Northern Ireland">
1932 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9711860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711860" title="Taira no Sadamori">
Taira no Sadamori

Taira no Sadamori (平 貞盛)(10th century) was a samurai of the Taira clan who was involved in suppressing the revolt of Taira no Masakado in the 930s-940. He was the son of Taira no Kunika and grandson of Taira no Takamochi, the founder of the Kammu Heishi line. Sadamori was an ancestor of the Hōjō clan which wielded considerable political power several centuries later, during the Kamakura period; his fourth son, Taira no Korehira, was the progenitor of the Ise Taira branch family.
In 935, while Sadamori held the post of "Samanojō" (deputy horseguard), his father was killed by Taira no Masakado, in an uprising. Sadamori and Fujiwara no Hidesato pursued and faced Masakado, killing him in the 940 battle of Kojima.
Sadamori was awarded the fifth rank in court for his heroism, and over the course of his life later earned the posts of Chinjufu shogun and governor ("kami") of Mutsu Province, as well as the fourth rank at court.
Elements of Sadamori's life remain in the folklore volume "Konjaku Monogatarishū" (Tales of Past and Present).

</doc>
<doc id="9711863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711863" title="Lower Mitcham, South Australia">
Lower Mitcham, South Australia

Lower Mitcham is an inner southern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia in the local government area of Mitcham. To the north, it is bounded by Grange Road, to the east by Belair Road, to the south by Murray Street. To the west, the suburb is bordered by a line running from Murray Street along View Street and continuing north to Grange Road.
There is only one institution in the suburb, the former Mitcham Primary School, which is now a Community Centre. There may be one surviving shop, on Murray Street, there is a Guild Hall on Wattle Street, and there is the Mitcham Railway Station. There is a small sports (tennis) centre on Mitcham Avenue. All other buildings in the suburb are private residences. Many of the homes were built in the 1920s in the California Bungalow style.

</doc>
<doc id="9711869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711869" title="Türk Ocağı Limasol S.K.">
Türk Ocağı Limasol S.K.

Türk Ocağı Limasol Spor Kulübü is a Turkish Cypriot sports club founded in Limassol, although it moved to Kyrenia after the division of the island in 1974. It was established in 1952.
Colors.
The club colors are yellow and black.
Stadium.
The club's home stadium is 20 Temmuz Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9711873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711873" title="Melinda Gordon">
Melinda Gordon

Melinda Irene Gordon is the title character of the American fantasy television series "Ghost Whisperer" created by John Gray. Gordon was portrayed by American actress Jennifer Love Hewitt.
Character background.
Melinda Gordon (Jennifer Love Hewitt) has the ability to see and communicate with ghosts. She moved to Grandview after she married Jim Clancy, a paramedic who knows of her ability. Jim and Melinda have a son Aiden appearance season 5. Melinda had always been able to speak with the dead, or "earthbound spirits" as her grandmother (with whom she shared this ability) called them. 
Apart from her husband, Jim Clancy, Melinda shared her secret with quirky Professor Rick Payne, an expert in occult beliefs and history who thrives on helping her gain insights into the more baffling paranormal phenomena she encounters. Other individuals who are aware of her gift include Andrea Marino (her business partner, killed in the first season's finale), Delia Banks (Melinda's current business partner) and her son, Ned Banks, the latest addition to the cast, Eli James, and her son Aiden Lucas as well as all relatives or friends of ghosts she has helped.
Abilities.
Melinda is at least a sixth-generation medium (as her great-great-great-grandmother, Tessa, and her grandmother are also ghost whisperers. Initially the show seems to suggest the ability skipped her mother, and may have skipped others). It also stated later that her biological father had the same ability, although it is unknown how common it was in his family and the ability was only mentioned once. She is able to communicate with the spirits of those who are dead. She can see and speak with the earthbound spirits that reach out to her for help. She then helps them to cross over, either by speaking to loved ones or by doing things for them which they died before they could do/finish, giving them peace in Heaven. 
As a result of her abilities, Melinda often receives visions of things concerning the ghost(s) she is trying to help. For example, in the first season finale, Melinda kept receiving messages from ghosts on a plane that hasn't crashed yet. In another episode, her powers transported her from Grandview to a rain forest. In the second season finale, she sees people staring at her, looks out her window and sees that her house is under a large body of water and that a boat is sinking, is transported to a tunnel, and sees a large bridge in the sky with cars falling everywhere around her.
At the end of Season 4, the Book of Changes and the Watchers both revealed that Melinda's son can do much more. In Season 5, Melinda has to deal with both parenting and crossing ghosts into the light. It is also revealed in the season premiere that Melinda is connected to her son, Aiden Lucas, who the Watchers revealed is an Empath. With this, Melinda is able to receive visions from him.
Appearances.
Season 1.
Melinda and Jim moved to the small town of Grandview where Melinda opened a small antique shop, named ""The Same As It Never Was ANTIQUES"". She met and became friends with Andrea Marino, who came to share management responsibilities of the store with Melinda. Eventually, Melinda gained enough trust in Andrea to tell her about her ability.
In the later part of the season, Melinda began encountering a malevolent spirit (Romano) that wore a black hat while trying to "cross over" earthbound spirits. In the season finale, a plane crashes in Grandview. Romano used the massive death count to his advantage, "keeping" the souls that Melinda was unable to cross over- one of which was Andrea who died when the plane crashed.
Season 2.
After losing her friend and business partner to the plane crash, Melinda succeeds against the dark spirit in helping Andrea and many of the other ghosts from the plane crash cross over.
Melinda ends up meeting several new people in season two: an occult professor, Rick Payne, who often helps Melinda with a troublesome ghost without realizing it, until she tells him about her gift. She also meets widow Delia Banks and her son Ned. After a few episodes, Melinda invites Delia to take the place of Andrea as her business partner, and confides in Ned about her gift. While trying to crossover Delia's husband, in the episode "Delia's First Ghost", Melinda reveals to Delia her gift. Delia, a skeptic in anything beyond the norm, slowly begins to believe Melinda.
Throughout the season, events occur showing that the "veil" between the living and the dead is thinning. With the introduction of a second ghost whisperer, Gabriel Lawrence, it is learned through the earthbound spirit of Payne's wife that dark forces "are trying to make the dead stronger than the living." In the season finale, dark spirits try to kill four special children (each child was the sole survivor of a terrible disaster or accident). Melinda attempts to save them and succeeds, but loses her own life in the process, culminating in the fulfillment of a prophecy that would lead to the "death of a loved one" – Melinda. Only then did Melinda realize that it was her that the dark side wanted to kill, and not the children. In the limbo between life and death, Melinda sees a shadow of her father who says she has a brother. Meanwhile, the four special children help revive her (as noted under "Abilities"). She is stunned when she returns to consciousness, stating "I think I have a brother". She looks around and, from a distance, Gabriel is looking at her very crossly.
Season 3.
Melinda searches continually for her father, strongly believing him to have died, and for her brother, whom by now Melinda suspects is Gabriel. She speaks with her mother who does not give her much information other than that she never had another child apart from Melinda and that Melinda and Jim have to leave Grandview because of all the evil spirits. If not something very bad can happen. Melinda also learns that Beth had once lived in Grandview. In the fifth episode "Weight of What Was" Gabriel arrives at her home saying that he is her half-brother and that he is also looking for their father. He was staying in a hotel under the name Gabriel Gordon. He hands Melinda a package that leads her to an underground church that had been buried, as well as to her ancestor, Tessa, who was also a ghost whisperer.
Tom Gordon appears before Melinda and reveals to her a little bit about her past. Melinda and Jim later on have a discussion about having children and Melinda agrees on having one. From some point in the show Melinda is haunted by a ghost who is known as the (Masked Man) at first. Towards the end of the season, Tom Gordon shows up in Grandview, alive and well.
When things begin to get more dangerous and suspicious, Melinda asks her mother to be absolutely honest with her and tell her everything. Her mother reveals the fact that her birth father is really a man named Paul Eastman, who is the very same "Masked Man" who has been haunting Melinda. Tom later shows up and takes Melinda to their old home where Melinda once lived as a child and tries to jog back her memory, to see what she remembers of the night Paul Eastman came to her house. Only then does Melinda realize that Paul Eastman was murdered by Tom. Once Tom realizes that Melinda remembers that, he tries to choke her to death but Paul arrives just in time and takes control of Tom's body, causing Tom to topple over the stairs and fall on to the floor below, causing immediate death. Tom's spirit later appears and vanishes in front of Melinda.
Melinda, Beth and Paul all reconcile and Paul goes into the Light. After all these years of thinking that the man who she thought was her father (Tom) had abandoned her, Melinda was now glad to know that her real father (Paul) would never have abandoned her and had he not been dead, he would have been there by her side.
At the very end of the season, what seems to be a happy moment is spoiled when Payne makes a shocking observation. He turns to Melinda and points out the fact that there are six people lined up (Delia, Beth Gordon, Ned, Jim, Melinda, and Payne himself), yet there are only five visible shadows.
Season 4.
In this season, Melinda and Jim talk about having children. In the beginning of the season, Melinda meets a man named Eli who had a ghost haunting him – one of his patients. Eli suffered a near-death experience, and when he was revived he discover that he can hear the dead. Eli is extremely confused and refuses to listen to Melinda, but in the end they develop a good partnership.
Professor Payne went on a trip for a long time. In "Big Chills", Melinda helps a ghost that has to have the truth come out about an accidental death on a boat. In the next episode, Melinda finds a man that is dead and trapped in an online chat game. She soon realizes that the man is actually the teenager's father, who is trying to protect his daughter from an online predator. Melinda and Jim went on a trip to find another ghost (or many on the boat), but the main reason is to talk to the boat owner's son, who is planning to tear down the boat and rebuild it. Many spirits were worried that their home would be ruined, so they were bothering Melinda to help them. But one girl needed help to talk to the owner of the boat about the accidental death, when she waited for him in the same room she met him many years before.
Then Melinda meets a teenage ghost who dies on the tennis court from a blood clot in her lung and Melinda watches the dead teenager follow her friend's family home (both families used to be friends, but one moved away and they stopped talking, and the families are no longer friends). The two families soon find out that the hospital made a mistake and they switched the girls at birth. In the end Melinda and Jim think she is pregnant, but are disappointed when they get they discover that Melinda had a miscarriage.
In this episode Melinda and Jim go to the woods and they stay in a cabin for Jim's friend's wedding. The spirit wants the bride to play a game which will let her know the truth about her fiance. She discovers that the ghost (Owen) used to know the bride when they were young. When she finds out the truth, she calls off the wedding. Later Jim goes back to clean up and finds the groom still in the cabin, with a gun. Melinda finds out and calls a detective. When Melinda and the detective get there they see two shadows through the door windows and they see one man with the gun and one man without. Then the detective pulls out the gun and shoots. Jim falls in front of the window after being the one who was shot. He is rushed to the hospital and Melinda is sitting in his room, waiting for him to wake up from his surgery. When she does, she sees Jim kneeling in front of her. Happy to see that he's awake, she tells him she loves him. Jim goes on to tell her that he had an embolism. He says not to worry about it and to remember him the way she sees now. Melinda then realizes that she's seeing Jim's ghost as nurses rush in to try to save him. Melinda starts to cry and begs to Jim that it's not him. Jim tell her that he loves her and vanishes. This episode is the one of which the tagline is: The episode that will change everything.
In the next episode Jim keeps saying throughout that he is will not cross over, no matter how hard Melinda tries. There is a teenage ghost who keeps saying she's sorry and that it's all her fault that Jim is dead. It turns out that the teenager was anorexic and that made her heart stop. Her stepfather was very depressed, and he went back to work before he was ready to. Later it is found out that the girl's stepfather is the detective who shot Jim. Melinda says to Jim "You have to do the right thing." He replies "I know." and possesses the body of a dead man, Sam, to live again in episode 4.07 "Threshold". Melinda happily says to Jim "You're back" to which Jim/Sam replies "Do I know you?"
Melinda begins dating Jim/Sam when Sam's ex-girlfriend Nikki leaves Grandview. Melinda revealed her gift to Jim/Sam and his response was unexpected. Melinda told Jim/Sam he is really Jim and Jim/Sam tells Melinda that he thinks she needs help. Melinda finally gives up and painfully tells him to leave, thinking that no matter how hard she tries, Jim will never be back.
But later, Melinda gets trapped in an underground chamber that was rapidly filling up with water and Jim/Sam comes to her rescue. When he was swimming towards her, he suddenly gets flashes of his life as Jim, memories of his life and of the times with Melinda. Melinda saves Jim/Sam from drowning and is surprised when he asks her why she is calling him Sam and that she should just call him Jim. Melinda realizes that Jim is definitely back and reconciles with him. Soon after, she learns she is eight weeks pregnant with Jim's baby.
Melinda began to have nightmares and visions that her baby is in danger. She was sure by the things she was being told the baby was a girl after Melinda runs into the faceless child again, who puts her hand on Melinda's tummy and says, "You can't save her. You can't." and Carl telling Melinda that " her" future is in Melinda's hands.
Jim reveals to Melinda that he had seen her chart accidentally and knew it was a boy. He knew they agreed not to find out, but he told her to ease her mind, so she’d see her visions and dreams were wrong and " her " was actually about Zoe, who was Eli's ex-girlfriend and killed accidentally when she fell down the steps, startled by a thief (who is actually being controlled by the Watcher Carl) in her house. They were trying to hide an ancient tome written in multiple languages called The Book of Changes, in Zoe's house (Zoe was unknowingly the destined caretaker). Eli then became the caretaker of the book, and was warned by one of the Watchers (Carl) that people were after the book, he must safeguard it and was also warned he must NOT show it to Melinda.
Melinda, however, couldn’t get the idea something was wrong out of her mind and convinced Eli to show her the book. The book had their names in it, followed by odd dates. The dates were revered; Melinda realized they were dates of death. Andrea was there, as was Jim, Sam, Zoe and even Eli from his near death experience. She was also listed as September 25 meaning Melinda will give birth to her son on that day. Later Melinda confronts Carl in the tunnels and wants to know if her son is in danger. Carl tells Melinda that white light spirits are watching over her, but the balance can shift and her son is the key. Carl advises her to teach her son about the other side, not shield him from it, because her son will be able to do much, much more than she can. Jim and Melinda marry again at the same place they met – in front of witnesses, Eli James (best man) and Delia Banks (matron of honor), and a full gathering of spirits.

</doc>
<doc id="9711876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711876" title="The Saints (1960s band)">
The Saints (1960s band)

The Saints were an English instrumental band, that worked for the record producer, Joe Meek.
Career.
The band were made up of Tab Martin (fresh from his stint with The Tornados), Roy Phillips (playing guitar), and drummer Ricky Winter (born Richard Winter, 27 September 1940, in Aldershot, Hampshire). They worked as the house band for Meek's productions, and as such backed Heinz, Andy Cavell (born 20 April 1945, Piraeus, Greece) and others. Their most notable recording was their cover of The Surfaris', "Wipe Out". They appeared as themselves in the British film, "Live It Up!.
Martin and Phillips went on to found The Peddlers in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="9711912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711912" title="Patrick Allotey">
Patrick Allotey

Patrick Allotey (13 December 1978 – 27 June 2007) was a football defender from Ghana.
Career.
Born in Accra, Allotey played five official matches for Feyenoord Rotterdam. He also served Excelsior Rotterdam. 
Even though Allotey only played a few matches for Feyenoord, he is part of their history in the 1990s and 2000s as he was one of the main persons in the FIOD-affaire at Feyenoord. In 1998 the Fiscal Intelligence and Investigation Service (FIOD) visited Feyenoord because of suspected fraud. Mainly based on the signings of Aurelio Vidmar, Christian Gyan and Allotey. This became an ongoing scandal in the years to come with chairman Jorien van den Herik as the main suspect. Eventually in 2006 both Feyenoord and Van den Herik were cleared of any charges.
Death.
Allotey died in Accra, Ghana on June 27, 2007. It was said he was suffering from headaches, collapsed while with friends and was taken to hospital. The player was said to be suffering from hypoglycemia, a condition caused by low blood sugar level. For this reason, he had been inactive as far as football was concerned, until his death.
International.
Feyenoord scouted Allotey at the 1995 FIFA Under-17 World Championships in Ecuador where Ghana became World Champions. He featured in a team with players like Awudu Issaka, Stephen Appiah and Emanuel Bentil. He was one of the best leftfooted footballers Ghana ever produced. Although he was a defender, his surging runs on the flanks made him one of the most sought-after players subsequent to the Ecuador 1995 World under-17 championship.

</doc>
<doc id="9711936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711936" title="Casper R. Taylor, Jr.">
Casper R. Taylor, Jr.

Casper R. Taylor, Jr. (born December 19, 1934) served as Speaker of the Maryland House of Delegates from 1994–2003, the longest recorded Speaker's tenure in Maryland history.
Education.
Taylor graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 1956, where he was a member of the Air Force ROTC. He started out his career as a restaurant owner, and was first elected to the House of Delegates in 1974.
Career.
Taylor is credited with helping to bring millions of dollars of state and private investments to the aid of his struggling district in Cumberland, including the state-backed Rocky Gap Lodge and Golf Resort. In the State House, Taylor authored many pieces of legislation over the course of his tenure, including the "One Maryland" bill, aimed at providing tax havens and other incentives for businesses to invest in depressed parts of the state.
Taylor served until 2003 after losing his seat in the 2002 election. His loss is generally attributed to redrawn legislative district lines that added four heavily Republican precincts in Washington County to his traditionally Democratic district based around Cumberland, Maryland, and his support for some gun control laws, which were unpopular in the rural parts of his district.
He has received numerous awards, including the Legislator Recognition Award from the Maryland Association of Counties in 1994 and 2001. He was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the College of Notre Dame in 2001, Frostburg State University in 2000, and Villa Julie College in 1995. He received the First Citizen Award from the Maryland Senate in 2003 and the Thomas Kennedy Award from the Maryland House of Delegates in 2004.
In January 2007, the new House of Delegates office building in Annapolis was named after Taylor. He is now a lobbyist and government relations consultant for the Alexander and Cleaver firm in Annapolis, MD.

</doc>
<doc id="9711946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711946" title="Sir Richard Bampfylde, 4th Baronet">
Sir Richard Bampfylde, 4th Baronet

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, 4th Baronet (21 November 1722 – 15 July 1776) was a British politician.
He was the only son of Sir Coplestone Bampfylde, 3rd Baronet and his wife Gertrude Carew, daughter of Sir John Carew, 3rd Baronet, and he was baptised in Poltimore in Devon. In 1727, aged only five, he succeeded his father as baronet. Bampfylde was educated at New College, Oxford and graduated with a Master of Arts in 1741. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Exeter from 1743 to 1747 and subsequently for Devonshire until his death in 1776.
On 8 August 1742, he married Jane Codrington, daughter of Colonel John Codrington in the chapel of Somerset House. They had six sons and seven daughters. Bampfylde was buried at Poltimore and was succeeded in the baronetcy by his eldest surviving son Charles. The poet John Codrington Bampfylde was his third son.

</doc>
<doc id="9711954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711954" title="Time on Earth">
Time on Earth

Time on Earth is the fifth studio album by the pop-rock band Crowded House. Tracks have been produced by both Ethan Johns and Steve Lillywhite and the album was released on 30 June 2007 in Australia, 2 July in the United Kingdom and 10 July in North America. "Time on Earth" is the band's first studio album since 1993, and marks the reunion of the band eleven years after they disbanded and features new drummer Matt Sherrod in place of the original drummer, Paul Hester, who took his own life in 2005.
As the first studio album from the group in fourteen years, "Time on Earth" has been subject to much speculation. Upon its release the album garnered positive critical reception and reached Platinum status within weeks of release in Australia, and Gold status in its second week of release in New Zealand. To promote the album, the group toured internationally, beginning by performing at Coachella music festival and at Live Earth in July. For further promotion, three singles were released from the album, "Don't Stop Now", "She Called Up" and "Pour Le Monde", and a special tour edition of the album was released in Australia in November 2007 featuring an extra CD with eleven songs from a concert from the album's North American tour.
Album history.
Background.
The album was originally intended to be frontman Neil Finn's third solo release. In the wake of Paul Hester's death, as well as preparations for the release of the live album "Farewell to the World", the band members were drawn together and their friendship was reinvigorated. In 2006, Neil Finn invited bassist Nick Seymour to participate in the recording of his new album and subsequent tour. In the initial phase, various session musicians filled parts, such as studio musician Joey Waronker on drums and British soul singer Beth Rowley provided backup vocals for the song "Transit Lounge." After recording a complete album with Ethan Johns in the producer and drummer's seat and Seymour contributing substantially throughout the process, Finn decided Crowded House would reform and that "Time on Earth" would be the band's fifth studio album. The title "Time on Earth" takes its name from a song of the same name that was not included in the album.
With new drummer Matt Sherrod and returning multi-instrumentalist Mark Hart now involved as members of the official lineup, the band returned to the studio to record four additional tracks with producer Steve Lillywhite. Hart and Sherrod also contributed retroactively to some of the Ethan Johns-produced material. In its final form, the album features tracks mixed by Johns, Lillywhite and Tchad Blake. Guitarist Johnny Marr was involved in the recording of "Even a Child", which he co-wrote, and "Don't Stop Now".
Recording and production.
Due to the transient nature of the album, gradually adapting from a solo venture into a band effort, the recording process used was somewhat unorthodox in that it encompassed various session musicians for the majority, while the "central lineup" of Finn, Seymour, Hart and Sherrod only performed on four tracks, which includes "Don't Stop Now", the album's lead single, and "She Called Up", the following single. Before this point, most of the album was produced by Ethan Johns, however from enlisting Sherrod and calling upon Hart to return, the prolific producer Steve Lillywhite took over.
Release.
To bring their music to the public before the album's release, the group played together a few times before the release. On 17 March 2007 the band played a 2 ½ hour set streamed live to the internet from veteran musician Peter Gabriel's studio (Real World Studios) in England. In this performance, there were eight new songs featured, beginning with Finn's co-written piece with the Dixie Chicks "Silent House" and also included "Pour le monde" ("For the world"), "Transit Lounge", "She Called Up" and "Don't Stop Now".
Prior to the album's release, a single was released. The song "Don't Stop Now" was selected, as it featured the new lineup of the band. The single received moderate success in the charts. The follow-up single, "She Called Up", released in September 2007, was not as successful as "Don't Stop Now".
The album had a staggered release internationally across a fortnight, beginning in Australia, while the final location of its release was with the United States. Following the Australian release, the group performed at Live Earth in Australia, performing many of the album's songs, and also on various television programs, along with many interviews, such as on "Rove" and "Enough Rope" with Andrew Denton. A special live version of Crowded House performing "Silent House" was made available for Australian and UK purchasers of the album by inserting the disc into their computer and downloading the song from the internet. The song features the advertised album lineup, including new drummer Matt Sherrod and returning member of Crowded House Mark Hart, neither of whom were on the studio version.
Critical reception.
The album has been very well received by critics, with Hal Horowitz of Amazon.com praising the album as "a worthy successor to Crowded House's existing catalog". Liam Gowing of A.V. Club indicated that in "Text, context and subtext, Hester's passing seems to color every line, even those generic enough to be about anything."
Cover art.
The cover also features a blue dragon eating a human, the design of which was a direct reference to the sea serpent image from Olaus Magnus's book "History of the Northern Peoples". The use of a dragon eating a man is to symbolise former member Hester being consumed by depression, symbolised by the dragon being blue, and this brought his time on earth to an early end. The cover art is almost completely composed of newspaper cuttings collaged together, even the image of the man and the dragon are newspaper cuttings which Seymour painted onto. Only the tree on the right, and the title text are not composed of newspaper cuttings. The tree is to pose as a simile for the tree under which Hester took his life in 2005.
In November 2007, a special edition of "Time on Earth" was released featuring a colour altered cover. The cover's main background area, which was previously a sandy-wheat colour, was converted into an aqua-teal colour, while the tree in the image had a bird in a nest added to it.
Musical style.
According to Neil Finn, "It ("Time on Earth") doesn't sound like any one particular Crowded House album, but it has elements of Crowded House... in as much as Nick and I make a sound together when we play and always did. I think there's a lot of heart and spirit in the album which is connected with the loss of our dear friend Paul but also an attempt to try and make sense of it and move forward. And as such, it seemed the most obvious and best way to do that was to be playing music again with each other, Nick and I. I want to be in a band and what other band could it be." Crowded House's leader, Neil Finn has indicated that, as the album began life as a solo project, its sound is generally different from Crowded House, though similar in parts, indicating that no one album by the group sounds like this one. As the album is dedicated to Hester and attends to his death, much of the album has a mournful tone, however this has been received well by critics, with some indicating that "fortunately, Finn is a master at expressing ambiguity, (both) lyrically and musically". Finn has said of the song "People Are Like Suns", that "Part of it is the idea that people burn brightly and then they fade out. Also, when I wrote it, I was reading Ian McEwan's novel "Saturday", which begins with a man on his balcony watching his plane go down, so the first lines borrow something from that image."
The song "Pour le monde" ("For the World" in French) was inspired when Finn was in Paris and observed a demonstration march protesting against the war on terror, with the chant "Pour le monde pas pour la guerre", which translates to "For the world, not for the war" (which is then sung in English directly after the French on the song). Seymour adds that the song contains "a lot of nobility and integrity" and that when they have performed the song it "really does stand upright". The last song recorded for the album, "Transit Lounge", is written about time spent in various transit lounges around the world, particularly Singapore and Bangkok.
Lyrically, Andy Strickland of Yahoo! Music asserts that the album's song "English Trees" shows Finn's "brilliant weaving of a tale of loss and yearning marks him out as up there with the very best songwriters working today" and of the album's musical structure as a whole, comments that it is a "collection of songs that reflect Finn's usual palette of singalong pop ("She Called Up"), achingly fine ballads ("Pour le monde""), and darker, more ambient sounds ("A Sigh")". Jessica Letkemann of "Billboard" points out that to those unfamiliar with Finn's solo work expecting the album to resemble a prior Crowded House work would be surprised, insisting that "Gone are the more overtly '80s top 40 flourishes". Bud Scoppa writes in "Uncut Magazine" that the album's extremes are portrayed in its first two songs, "Nobody Wants To", which he describes as " the prevailing melancholy mood, as Finn's slide guitar hovers like a solitary seabird over a vocal laced with regret", and "Don't Stop Now", in which "Finn explores the metaphorical possibilities of the GPS, seeking ""something I can write about… something I can cry about""".
Track listing.
In April 2007, the band's website went live and included a confirmation of the track listing of "Time on Earth". Notably, the album has 14 tracks, only the second studio album by Crowded House to have as many, the previous being "Woodface". The album features the guitar work of Johnny Marr, guitarist and songwriter of The Smiths, on "Even a Child" and lead single "Don't Stop Now;" Marr co-wrote the former song with Finn. The album also includes the song "Silent House", which Finn co-wrote with the Dixie Chicks (which also appeared on their 2006 Grammy-winning album "Taking the Long Way"). With the Australian and UK release, the CD unlocks an online exclusive download of a live version of the song "Silent House". Early releases of the album in the UK included an additional DVD. Following touring, on 3 November 2007, a special edition was released in Australia featuring a colour-altered cover and an extra CD featuring eleven songs from the 8 September 2007 performance at Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, for the North American leg of the "Time on Earth" tour.
The tracks "Lost Island" and "Stare Me Out" are available on the vinyl version of this album. They are also available as b-sides to "Don't Stop Now", and as bonus tracks via digital music providers.
Limited edition DVD.
Limited Edition "Time on Earth" DVD
Charts.
"Time on Earth" entered the Australian ARIA Albums Chart on 8 July at #2, just behind Michael Bublé's "Call Me Irresponsible", however in its second week, it rose to the #1 position, swapping with "Call Me Irresponsible" which then moved to #2. It entered the RIANZ albums chart in New Zealand on 9 July 2007 also at #2, though slipped to #3 in its second week, instead of rising as it did in Australia. Crowded House's place of origin is held in contention due to the band being led by Neil Finn of New Zealand, however the band has always resided in, and was formed in, Australia. Due to this constant confusion, both ARIA and RIANZ consider the group to be native to their respective countries, as they're indicated as "local artists" in the album listings, on ARIA as a "red spot" and on RIANZ with the item highlighted in green. On the U.S. Billboard 200, the album debuted at number 46, with about 16,000 copies sold in its first week. The album entered the charts in the United Kingdom at #3 with sales of over 27,000, being Crowded House's highest charting studio album in the UK, only being superseded by "Recurring Dream" which achieved a #1 position and sold over a million copies. It also entered the Canadian Albums Chart #38, its Canadian peak position.

</doc>
<doc id="9711957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711957" title="Donald Campbell (engineer)">
Donald Campbell (engineer)

Donald Campbell was a railway engineer in the 19th century.
Campbell worked on the survey of the New Brunswick section of the European and North American Railway with James Beatty. When Peto, Brassey and Betts were commissioned to build the Grand Crimean Central Railway to transport supplies to the Allied troops in the Crimean War, Beatty was appointed as chief engineer and Campbell as his assistant. In December 1854 Campbell left Canada for the Crimea and by the time Beatty arrived in January 1855 the survey for the first part of the line was more or less complete. When Beatty returned to England in November 1855, unwell after having been injured in an accident, Campbell was appointed to take his place as chief engineer.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="9711959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711959" title="Cape rockjumper">
Cape rockjumper

The Cape rockjumper or rufous rockjumper ("Chaetops frenatus") is a medium-sized insectivorous passerine bird endemic to the mountain fynbos of southernmost South Africa.
This is a ground-nesting species which forages on rocky slopes and scree. It frequently perches on rocks. Breeding groups occupy 4–11 ha territories, and typically consist of a breeding pair and one or two additional individuals, usually offspring of the adult pair from the preceding breeding season. These helpers participate in territorial defence and alarm calling, and in the feeding of nestlings and fledglings of the breeding pair. Females also help with nest building and incubation.
This rockjumper is 23–25 cm long with a long black tail and strong legs. The male has a dark grey head with a thin white supercilium and a broad white moustache. The back and wings are dark grey, and the underparts and rump are rufous red.
The female and juvenile have a paler grey head, upperparts and wings, a duller head pattern, an orange rump, and buff underparts. The call is a loud "wheeoo".
The closely related Drakensberg rockjumper, "Chaetops aurantius", does not overlap in range. The male of that species has orange underparts, and the female and young are paler below than the rufous rock-jumper.

</doc>
<doc id="9711961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711961" title="1931 in Northern Ireland">
1931 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9711964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9711964" title="Jackie Gilroy">
Jackie Gilroy

Jackie Gilroy (1942–2007) is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin and St Vincents. He was born in Drumcondra, County Dublin. He won an all-Ireland medal with Dublin in 1963 as part of the Dublin senior football panel. Dublin defeated Galway in the final at Croke Park.Jackie won the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship with Dublin in 1958. Gilroy was the chairman of St Vincents GAA club from 1973 until 1977. He was the club secretary between 1978 and 1979 and then became the Chairman again for the term 1988 to 1989. Jackie spent his working life working in newspaper production. Jackie is the father of former Dublin senior football manager Pat Gilroy.

</doc>
<doc id="9712012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712012" title="Bonus Rarities and Outtakes">
Bonus Rarities and Outtakes

Bonus Rarities and Outtakes is a 2006 compilation album by Talking Heads. It was released for download on the iTunes Store on February 8, 2006. As of January 2009 it was also available via the Amazon mp3 store.

</doc>
<doc id="9712036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712036" title="Glossary of pottery terms">
Glossary of pottery terms

This is a list of pottery and ceramic terms.
S.
Slurry is a semiliquid mixture of clay and water

</doc>
<doc id="9712049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712049" title="Ikimono-gakari">
Ikimono-gakari

History.
Formation and trials.
In 1989, Mizuno and Yamashita met by chance while they were in the first grade; they were both put in charge of being , who are caretakers of the school's plants and animals. Yamashita later noted that he really wanted to be a "blackboard monitor". Yamashita and Mizuno formed their band on February 1, 1999, and began performing live on the street; not taking it too seriously, they named it "ikimono-gakari" after their shared experience in first grade. At first, they did covers of Masayoshi Yamazaki. In December 1999, Yoshioka joined the band. In those days, Mizuno and Yamashita planned to make a group with a female lead vocalist, which would be an unusual sound for the street performances they were doing. Yoshioka was the younger sister of one of their classmates; she entered as the main singer and the band took on its present-day form. As they were then performing with three members, the band did a cover of Yuzu's single, .
In September 2000, they suspended the band to focus on college entrance examinations for Yamashita and Mizuno. By March 2003, after a difficult journey, Yoshioka recovered; she saw this as a second chance to grow as a person. Again, the band re-formed, but then, they were performing with the intent of supporting their increasing fame. As their style of music was moving more towards an acoustic focus, they planned to expand their scope to cover not only street performances but live house concerts as well. Moreover, they made a greater effort to compose more original music and rely less on covers.
Rise to fame.
In April 2003, the band resumed playing with a street show in front of the Hon-Atsugi Station on the Odakyū Odawara Line. In June, they did a one-band show at the Thunder Snake Atsugi live venue for the first time. A person who happened to be attending this performance ended up becoming their manager; this became the impetus for them to launch a major road tour. On August 25, they released their first indie album, "Makoto ni Senetsu Nagara First Album wo Koshirae Mashita...". On March 26, 2005, the band held a show in the small hall at the Atsugi City Culture Building (Atsugishi Bunka Kaikan); this was the first time the band had ever done a single-band show in a hall.
On March 15, 2006, the band released their first single, "Sakura", produced by Masanori Shimada. This was their major label debut with Epic Records Japan of Sony. Their second single "Hanabi" was released on May 31, 2006, earning the band their first appearance on the Oricon top 10 chart with a number 5 debut. Between November 10 and November 30, they held their first live tour, called "Ikimonogakari no Minna-san, Konni-Tour! 2006". They released their first full-length studio album on March 7, 2007, entitled "Sakura Saku Machi Monogatari", debuting at number 4 on the Oricon weekly album charts. Between May 24 to June 14, they went on a live tour to support this album. Their second major studio album, "Life Album", came out on February 13, 2008, debuting at number 2 on the Oricon weekly album charts. This album's live tour was from March 30 to May 23. On July 7, they came out with their tenth single, "Bluebird", which also became an opening song for the Naruto anime, and the group's first to crack the Top 3 in Oricon Singles. On December 24, they released their third studio album, "My Song Your Song". This album topped the Oricon weekly charts, becoming their first work to achieve a first ranking on any chart. On December 31, they debuted in the 59th NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen festival.
On March 4, 2009, their first-ever collection of video works, "Tottemo Ēzō", was released. That year, Mizuno was put in charge of writing the song "Yell" as the set piece for the junior high division of the 76th annual NHK Nationwide School Music Contest. Their 15th single "Yell / Joyful" came out September 23, taking the No. 1 single spot for the Oricon daily charts and the number 2 spot for the weekly chart, the highest rankings so far for any of their singles. The band won one of the Gold Artist awards at the 2009 Best Hit Song Festival (November 26), their first time winning one of the show's prizes. They followed that up with their fourth studio album "Hajimari no Uta", released on December 23, and debuting as the number 1 album on the Oricon weekly charts. On New Year's Eve, the band appeared again in the 60th NHK Kōhaku Uta Gassen festival. On June 9, 2012, Japanese television network NHK announced that the theme song for its Olympic broadcasts would be performed by Ikimonogakari. The song is titled “Kaze ga fuiteiru” (Wind is blowing). The three members wrote the song and said its lyrics will hopefully encourage Japan’s athletes like a strong wind. During the Olympics, the band made live appearances in Great Britain on NHK.
Musical style.
Ikimono-gakari's musical style stems from their original lounge rock style found on their first three mini albums under Cubit Club. Their primary instruments were the acoustic guitar, the electric guitar, and the harmonica. Their initial music was considerably slower; "Natsu Koi" on "Sakura Saku Machi Monogatari" is considerably faster in tempo compared to the same song on "Makoto ni Senetsu Nagara First Album wo Koshirae Mashita...". Guitarist and band leader Yoshiki Mizuno also sang considerably more on their indie albums.
With the release of their first major-label album, "Sakura Saku Machi Monogatari", their style changed to a more conventional rock style, but still keeping with their traditional guitar-harmonica combination. They also began to add other elements to their songs, such as strings and tambourines, as evidenced by "Sakura" and "Kira Kira Train". Additionally, they recorded songs with faster tempos, such as "Ryūsei Miracle" and "Hinageshi".
Ikimono-gakari began to shift to a more mainstream pop sound with their second and third albums, "Life Album" and "My Song Your Song". Songs like "Kimagure Romantic" differed greatly from their songs during the "Sakura Saku" era. "Life Album" saw the revival of a couple of songs from their indie albums; "Hana wa Sakura Kimi wa Utsukushi" from "Makoto ni Senetsu..." and "Chikoku Shichau yo" from "Jinsei Sugoroku Dabe." "Kuchidzuke", also from "Jinsei Sugoroku Dabe." was revived on "My Song Your Song".
Awards and nominations.
Japan Record Awards.
The Japan Record Awards is a major music awards show held annually in Japan by the Japan Composer's Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9712050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712050" title="Christmas by the Bay">
Christmas by the Bay

Christmas by the Bay, recorded at the Sail Loft in the Washington Navy Yard, is Burl Ives's last original Christmas album. It includes only one new Christmas song by Ives: "The Sense of Christmas." The other songs are new performances of previously recorded songs: "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer"; "A Holly, Jolly Christmas"; "Christmas by the Bay" (cf. "Christmas at the White House", 1972); "White Christmas" (cf. "Have a Holly Jolly Christmas", 1966); and "The Friendly Beasts" (cf. "Christmas Day in the Morning", 1952). On all of these songs he is accompanied by the United States Navy Band, conducted by Ned Muffley.
Ives had performed previously with Muffley and the Navy Band: at a Christmas concert in Washington D.C. in 1974 and at the Boy Scout Jamboree in 1977. On the basis of these encounters, Muffley invited Ives to participate in a 1977 Christmas Concert at the DAR Constitution Hall: "The weeks that followed were busy indeed as a special production, the brainchild of Master Chief Jere Wallace, entitled "For the Love of Christmas", was scripted, focusing around a musical adaptation of Burl telling the story of Christmas to a group of children ... the personification of Santa Claus himself." The concert was broadcast on national television. 
The album represents a different product of their collaboration that year. The genres of the songs range from folk ("The Friendly Beasts") to pop ("A Holly, Jolly Christmas"). Classic Ives songs are given a new feel by the involvement of the Sea Chanters, the official chorus of the U.S. Navy.
<br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="9712053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712053" title="Oujda Group">
Oujda Group

The Oujda group or Oujda clan was a gathering of military officers and politicians in Algeria, during its War of Independence (1954-62) and until approximately the 1970s.
The Oujda group was formed around Col. Houari Boumédiène, posted in the Moroccan town of Oujda. He would later become chief of staff in the Armée de Libération Nationale (ALN), which was the armed wing of the Front de Libération Nationale (FLN), the main nationalist organization fighting French colonial control over Algeria.
As chief of staff, Boumédiène entered into conflict with the FLN's government-in-exile, the GPRA, which towards the end of the war attempted to dismiss him. He then supported an alliance of FLN politicians against the GPRA's provisional post-independence government, and marched the ALN towards Algiers to occupy it. Ahmed Ben Bella became president, and Boumédiène minister of defense. In this role Boumédiène continued to exercise a powerful influence over the regime, through the Algerian army. To secure his grip over the army, he began promoting and supporting his old friends and colleagues of the Oujda years. These men and their entourage became known as the Oujda group, forming a powerful pro-Boumédiène faction within the political and military ranks of the one-party state, but in their turn dependent on him for their positions.
After rising tension between the two men and their supporters, Ben Bella in 1965 confronted Boumédiène by attempting to dismiss his close associate, foreign minister Abdelaziz Bouteflika, and by announcing that he soon would be reassigning responsibilities within the army. Boumédiène reacted by staging a military coup d'état, in which Ben Bella was "disappeared" (years later, he was released after having been held isolated in house arrest), and taking personal control over the country by means of a military junta. His associates from Oujda now became the pillar of his regime, but as Boumédiène tightened his grip on power, most of the clan's members were gradually purged.
Still, a more generally defined "old guard", including some of the Oujda men, would continue to exercise influence after Boumédiène's death in 1978, over his successor Chadli Bendjedid. Bendjedid consciously strove to marginalise these men, and to replace them with his own loyalists. This policy became informally known as de-Boumédiènisation. The early 1980s therefore marked the end of whatever remained of the Oujda clan as a (somewhat) cohesive faction within Algerian politics, even if FLN "conservatives" favoring Boumédiène-style policies continued to challenge Chadli from within until they were finally purged following the October Riots in 1988.
In 1999, an old Oujda clan stalwart, the former foreign minister Abdelaziz Bouteflika (who, coincidentally, was born in Oujda), made an unexpected comeback, winning the Algerian presidential elections. He had been convicted for corruption in 1981, soon after Chadli's takeover, in what was viewed as one of the most important steps of de-Boumédiènisation, and in 1983 he had gone into exile. Bouteflika was reelected for a second term in 2004, and then, for a third term, in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9712055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712055" title="List of Middlesbrough F.C. records and statistics">
List of Middlesbrough F.C. records and statistics

This article contains the honours, records and statistics of Middlesbrough Football Club. This article lists all of the major honours won by Middlesbrough since their foundation. This list also lists the major playing honours including top goalscorer and most appearances. The Club records including record transfer fees are shown below as are international player honours.
Middlesbrough are an English professional association football club based in Middlesbrough, in the Tees Valley, who currently play in the Football League Championship. The club was founded in 1876 and have played at their current home ground, the Riverside Stadium, since 1995. Middlesbrough were founding members of the Premier League in 1992. They have won one major trophy in their history: the 2004 Football League Cup.
Player records.
International.
"Statistics relate to international caps gained while at the club."
Highest transfer fees.
As not all transfer details are made public, undisclosed transfer fees are not included in the tables, however reported media estimates of notable fees are included below to give a general idea. Fees are listed as the highest total that the fee could rise to.
Paid.
"As of 31 January 2008."
Received.
"As of 28 August 2009."
Undisclosed fees.
The following are media estimates of notable undisclosed fees. The official fees remain unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="9712059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712059" title="Aruna (comics)">
Aruna (comics)

Aruna is a fictional supeheroine published by DC Comics. She first appeared in "Batgirl Annual" # 1 (August 2000), and was created by Scott Peterson and Mike Deodato.
Fictional character biography.
According to Aruna, her shapeshifting powers manifested when she was very young. Because of this her parents were never sure of her true gender. Her family were treated as Dalit (untouchables) the lowest rung of the ancient varnas class structure. She was orphaned while still very young, when her parents were abducted by two unknown men. She adopted the name Aruna (after "Aruṇa", a male "Charioteer of the Sun" in Hindu mythology), and eventually became one of the top stunt persons in India due to her shapeshifting abilities. 
After a young Indian actor is kidnapped from the streets of Gotham City, Batgirl and Batman travel to Mumbai, India, home of Bollywood, to solve the mystery of his abduction. The duo come into conflict with Aruna, a metahuman stuntwoman who is also looking for the boy, who was discovered to have been murdered by his own agent. The agent was motivated to do so by his own prejudiced beliefs after learning that his client came from a Dalit family.
At the conclusion of the story, Aruna decides to use her powers to fight for justice and stamp out intolerance.
Powers and abilities.
Aruna is a metahuman who can change her physical shape and appearance at will, but not her mass. She is also trained in the martial arts. Aruna uses these abilities to work as a stunt double.

</doc>
<doc id="9712060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712060" title="Gérald Cid">
Gérald Cid

Gérald Cid (born 17 February 1983 Talence, Gironde) is a retired French footballer. He was primarily a centre back, who last played for OGC Nice.
Career.
Cid joined Bolton from Girondins de Bordeaux in July 2007, having spent 8 years with the French club.
After a number of shaky performances he was christened 'the hapless Gerald Cid' by Bolton Evening News journalist Gordon Sharrock.
On 13 January 2008, it was announced that he had left Bolton Wanderers by mutual consent. He returned to France, joining Ligue 1 side Nice, on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
On 16 July 2010, Cid announced his retirement on the OGC Nice website.

</doc>
<doc id="9712065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712065" title="Darren McNees">
Darren McNees

Darren Alexander McNees (born 14 June 1979 in Nyah West, Victoria) is an Australian cricket player, who played for Tasmania. 
A tall fast bowler, Darren McNees toured India with the Australian Cricket Academy, but could not break into his home state's line-up. He joined the long list of the Tigers' imported fast bowlers as Tasmania kept seeking to find bowlers to back up their home grown batting talent. He impressed on his domestic one day debut, taking 2 for 28, but failed to hold down a regular spot in the side.

</doc>
<doc id="9712066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712066" title="Florian Marange">
Florian Marange

Florian Marange (born 3 March 1986) is a French footballer, who currently plays for Sochaux. His former clubs include Girondins de Bordeaux and Crystal Palace. 
Career.
Marange began his career in 2002 with Girondins de Bordeaux and was promoted to the first team in 2004. He gave on 20 November 2005 his first games against Paris Saint-Germain.
He was loaned out to Le Havre AC from FC Girondins de Bordeaux on 8 January 2009 and returned on 1 July 2009.
On 16 August 2013, Marange signed a one-year deal with English side Crystal Palace, on a Bosman transfer. He made his debut on 27 August, in a 2-1 defeat against Bristol City in the second round of the League Cup. However he was left out of Palace's 25-man Premier League squad and was described as 'slow' by manager Ian Holloway. He made only a few further appearances in friendly and reserve games for Palace before his contract was paid up in October.
On 31 January 2014, Ligue 1 side FC Sochaux-Montbéliard announced that they had signed Marange.

</doc>
<doc id="9712075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712075" title="1930 in Northern Ireland">
1930 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9712107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712107" title="List of aviators">
List of aviators

This is a list of notable aviators.
Ariel Tweto
General.
While all of these people were pilots (and some still are), many are also noted for contributions in areas such as aircraft design and manufacturing, navigation or popularization.
T.
Ariel Tweto
Other famous figures with an aviation history.
The following is a list of notable people from various professions who are also pilots:
T.
Ariel Tweto

</doc>
<doc id="9712109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712109" title="The Trouble with Atheism">
The Trouble with Atheism

The Trouble with Atheism is an hour-long documentary on atheism, presented by Rod Liddle. It aired on Channel 4 in December 2006. The documentary focuses on criticising atheism for its perceived similarities to religion, as well as arrogance and intolerance. The programme includes interviews with a number of prominent scientists, including atheists Richard Dawkins and Peter Atkins and Anglican priest John Polkinghorne. It also includes an interview with Ellen Johnson, the president of American Atheists.
Overview.
Liddle begins the documentary by attempting to survey common criticisms of religion, and particularly antireligious arguments based on the prevalence of religious violence. He argues that the "very stupid human craving for certainty and justification", not religion, is to blame for this violence, and that atheism is becoming just as dogmatic as religion.
In order to support his thesis, Liddle presents numerous examples of actions and words by atheists which he argues are direct parallels of religious attitudes. He characterizes Atkins and Dawkins as "fundamentalist atheists" and "evangelists". In response to atheistic appeals to science as a superior method for understanding the world than religion, Liddle argues that science itself is akin to religion: "the problem for atheists is that science may not be as far away from religion as you might imagine". He describes Fermilab, a U.S. Department of Energy National Laboratory focused on particle physics, as a "temple to science", and characterizes Charles Darwin's "The Origin of Species" as a "sacred text" for atheists.
Liddle focuses on objections to evolution halfway through the documentary, on the premise that "Darwinism is atheism's trump card". He characterises the creation-evolution controversy as being between scientists "who see no room for religion in the world" and ones "who can accommodate both a scientific and religious worldview". Liddle interviews the intelligent design supporter Steve Fuller, a philosopher, who argues that evolution is the only "scientifically credible basis" for atheism, and anthropologist Jeffrey H. Schwartz, who argues that evolutionary theory cannot account for novelties. He comes to the conclusion that the modern synthetic theory of evolution will be superseded in a future paradigm shift, undermining the arguments of atheists like Dawkins. Liddle also criticizes models of sociocultural evolution such as memetics and interviews skeptics of memetics such as Alister McGrath.
In the last quarter of the documentary, Liddle argues against a perceived overreliance on "cold logic" and the amoral scientific method. He focuses primarily on the track record of secular ethics, citing the role of the Jacobins and Cult of Reason in the Reign of Terror in Revolutionary France, as well as the religious persecution under Soviet state atheism. He also criticizes evolutionary theory, as well as scientism, for Francis Galton's philosophy of eugenics and its influence on Nazi Germany's racial policies, speaking of a "direct line between Darwin, Galton, and Hitler". Further, Liddle criticizes the ethics of Dawkins and atheist philosopher Peter Singer as "tentative" and "wishy-washy".
Ultimately, Liddle argues that "which option you take, then, God or no God, is a matter of choosing something for which there is no scientific proof either way". He argues that adhering to both religious supernaturalism and scientific naturalism is not contradictory, but a "balance" of the "very essence of what it is to be human". Based on arguments for God such as the fine-tuned universe argument, and on a lack of a conclusive understanding of pre-Big Bang physics, Liddle states that "the true scientific position, of course, is that there may be a God, and there may not be a God". Liddle identifies this position as agnostic, which he distinguishes from the "zealous" atheism he is critical of.
Reviews.
While "The Guardian" called the programme "fascinating", but criticised it by saying "Secular societies, of course, can be very brutal, but they weren't actually killing in the name of their non-belief, were they?", the "Express" criticised Liddle, claiming he was arguing "the most blindingly obvious things anyone could possibly say" and the "Times" objected to the brevity of his arguments, stating that, while some opponents of religion made a poor impression, "a more sustained debate would have made this a more rigorously argumentative programme".

</doc>
<doc id="9712122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712122" title="Blood Libels">
Blood Libels

Blood Libels is the third full-length album by French black metal band Antaeus.
Track listing.
Album notes.
As noted on the album's Discogs page:

</doc>
<doc id="9712159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712159" title="Quietrevolution wind turbine">
Quietrevolution wind turbine

The quietrevolution is a brand of (VAWT) vertical axis helical turbine. The helical design is most similar to the Gorlov helical turbine. Both are an evolution of the Darrieus wind turbine. It has won several awards including the "Sustainable Innovation Award" in 2006. There are proposals to use the turbine in projects in New York and Shanghai. 
The turbine consists of three vertical airfoil blades, each having a helical twist of 120 degrees. This feature spreads the torque evenly over the entire revolution, thus preventing the destructive pulsations of the straight-bladed giromill (Darrieus turbine). The wind pushes each blade around on both the windward and leeward sides of the turbine.
The qr5 turbine, rated for 6 kW, measures 3.0m in diameter by 5m high. A 2.5 kW model is in development. 
Poor performance of a QR5 installed at Welsh government offices in Aberystwyth has been blamed on poor siting. The turbine's overall cost was given as £48,000 and in 2012 it generated an average of 33 kWh per month, a value of £5.28 per month. 

</doc>
<doc id="9712163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712163" title="Thomas C. Neibaur">
Thomas C. Neibaur

Thomas Croft Neibaur (May 17, 1898 – December 23, 1942) was the first Latter-day Saint (Mormon) to receive the Medal of Honor. He was also the first soldier from Idaho to be awarded America's highest decoration, which occurred during World War I.
Mormon heritage and early life.
Thomas Neibaur had a very strong family heritage and connection in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints beginning with his great-grandfather, Alexander Neibaur (1808–1883). (link [http://www.neibaur.org/journals/alexnotes.htm] to "notes" on Alexander) Alexander was from Alsace-Lorraine, a graduate of medical and dental university training in Berlin, and was fluent in several languages. 
Thomas' grandfather, Joseph Neibaur, settled in Paris, Idaho in the 1880s. Thomas' parents were James C. Neibaur (1862–1938) and Elizabeth Croft Neibaur (1863–1938). Thomas was the ninth of ten children and when he was nine years old the family moved to Teton, near Sugar City, Idaho. Thomas and his father worked in the large sugar beet factory built in 1903, the namesake of Sugar City.
Though his parents and family remained faithful members of the LDS Church, Neibaur drifted from active participation. He always considered himself a believer in God, though he maintained he was not religious. But he never denied his Mormon roots and was very proud of his Mormon heritage.
Military service.
Neibaur enlisted into the Idaho National Guard on March 30, 1917, a week before the United States declaration of war against Germany on April 6, 1917. The Army inducted him into federal service on April 8, and he then served in the Rocky Mountain northwest, guarding tunnels and railroad bridges until October 1917 when he and his 2nd Idaho Infantry Regiment was ordered to Camp Mills, Long Island. There he became an automatic rifleman in newly organized 41st Division of western states guardsman. Later moving to Camp Merritt, New Jersey the 41st Division deployed to France where it became a replacement division for the other units of the American Expeditionary Force (AEF). Neibaur and thousands of other western guardsmen were transferred to other divisions already in France, he being assigned to M Company, 167th Infantry Regiment of the 42nd Division. This division was nicknamed the "Rainbow" division from a comment that Maj. Douglas MacArthur said while serving on the army staff that it had soldiers from many states like a "rainbow" across the land from end to end. The 167th was a regiment of the Alabama National Guard, but as all units its 4,000 men were from the regular army, national guard and draftees. The regiment has its origin from the 4th Alabama with lineage and honors from when it was a regiment in the Confederate States army.
Campaigns and battles.
Private Neibaur served as an automatic rifleman using the French manufactured Chauchat 9mm automatic rifle using a "banana clip" of 20 rounds. In February he went into the lines on the Lunéville sector, and then later in March at the Barracat sector. He did not see any real combat except for artillery fire until March 1918, once the German "Ludendorff Offensive" commenced on March 21, 1918. He served on the Somme River where the 42nd Division was part of the French 7th Army.
In June, more American divisions entered the front lines and Neibaur fought in several campaigns, the Aisne, the Aisen-Marne, and the Champagne-Marne through August 1918. As with any infantry regiment, brigade or division, the units rotated and relieved one another on a routine basis. During this time, Neibaur was wounded or incapacitated temporarily by German mustard gas.
In August, Brig. Gen. Douglas MacArthur assumed command of the 84th Infantry Brigade which consisted of Neibaur's 167th Infantry Regiment and the Iowa National Guard 168th Infantry Regiment. In early September General John Pershing, commander of the AEF, received permission to "reduce" the salient that had developed for several years at St. Mihiel, southeast of Verdun. Beginning on September 12, 1918, the American 1st Army under Pershing commenced an offensive, the first independent American offensive in its own sector of the Western Front. Within days, the crumbling German army was thrown back and the salient was reduced causing a "straightening" of the front line.
On September 26, the Americans launched their second offensive between the Argonne Forest on the left and Meuse River on the right. By October 14, the 42nd Division was stalled along the strongly defended Kreimehilde "stellung" (German for position or line). Unlike the St. Mihiel, the Germans conducted an aggressive and spirited defense. The two main terrain features holding up the Rainbow division's advance were hills: Hill 288 and the Còte de Châtillon. The 167th, specifically the Neibaur's 3rd Battalion, received the order on the 15th to attack and capture Còte de Châtillon.
On October 16, 1918, the American attacks captured Còte de Châtillon, though there remained several pockets of German units and many isolated machine gun positions. Neibaur along with two other soldiers, an observer and a loader, volunteered to flank and remove a network of machine guns just over a hundred yards from "M" Company and 3rd Battalion's hastily occupied positions. Crawling up a draw between two spurs, Neibaur's automatic rifle team encountered a wire obstacle and was then fired upon. Neibaur's two team members were killed and he received three wounds in the right thigh. Passing through the wire entanglements he positioned his automatic rifle behind a dirt berm. Some Germans observed his movement and approximately 50 or so attacked him. He opened fire with his Chauchat automatic rifle, killing or wounding most of them until his gun jammed, firing some 50 rounds or two and a half clips.
Discarding his automatic rifle, he tried to crawl or run downhill some 100 yards to friendly lines and was wounded a fourth time in the hip and fell unconscious. Awaking, he found himself captured by some fifteen or so Germans who had survived the counterattack against him. The Germans had to take cover due to the supporting fire from Neibaur's "M" Company. Neibaur then realized that the Germans had dropped on the ground near him his semi-automatic pistol, the Colt made M1911. He crawled to it and as he did so, some of the Germans charged him with bayonets, four of whom he killed immediately with his pistol and then within minutes, though wounded four times, he captured eleven Germans and led them to the American lines below.
Later tragic life.
Private Thomas Neibaur spent several months in field hospitals recovering from his wounds. His last wound by a German machine gun bullet remained in his hip the rest of his life. He was one of the first soldiers in the Army to be nominated for the Medal of Honor. On February 9, 1919 at the AEF headquarters at Chaumont, France, Gen. John Pershing presented the Medal of Honor to him, along with a dozen other officers and soldiers. Private Neibaur arrived home at Sugar City, Idaho on May 27, 1919 and was welcomed by a throng of some 10,000 people, celebrating a state-wide holiday proclaimed the governor who was in attendance as "Neibaur Day." 
He married Sarah "Lois" Shepard in November 1919, she being six years older than he was and having a son from a previous marriage. Together they had nine children. In 1928, Neibaur had an accident at the sugar beet factory where his arm was severely mangled in a cutting machine. Workers had to disassemble the machine to free his arm. The Neibaurs had three sons who died from accidents: one (18 months old) drowned in an abandoned cesspool; another (two years) was killed by an automobile; and one (six years) died from burns and infection from a wood-burning stove.
By 1939, in the last dire years of the Depression, Neibaur was destitute. He received a small pension from his Medal of Honor, and was a clerk for Works Progress Administration (WPA). He was unable to feed and care for his family on his low income. US Senator William Borah of Idaho attempted to pass a law in the US Congress promoting Neibaur to the rank of major in the regular army, and then placing him on the retired list. This failed. Discouraged by his misfortune, Neibaur mailed his Medal of Honor and other decorations to Congress in Washington stating that "I cannot eat them." Local newspapers covered the story. (Time Magazine reference of Thomas' death and returning Medal of Honor [http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,790666,00.html]) Three days later he secured a position as a night security officer at the state capitol in Boise. His wife Lois died in 1940, at the age of forty-eight. Neibaur married Lillian Golden in 1941, and a short time later he entered a veterans' hospital in Walla Walla, Washington for tuberculosis and died there on December 23, 1942, at the age of forty-four. Four young sons were sent to an orphanage in Eaton Rapids, Michigan. He and Lois are buried in Sugar City, Idaho, where the city park is named in his honor. His awards and decorations were returned to Mrs. Lillian Neibaur who donated them to the Idaho State Historical Society.
Articles honoring Neibaur.
Roses, Roses all the Way [http://library.boisestate.edu/special/fishercolumn/number4.htm]
"God Armeth the Patriot" [http://www.meridianmagazine.com/exstories/080930patriot.html]
Military decorations.
United States of America:
France:
Italy:
Montenegro:
Belgium:
Service Medal(s):
Official Campaign Designations and Private Neibaur's military records:
Below are the official campaign designations of World War I that Private Neibaur served in:
Somme Defensive March 21, - April 6, 1918
Aisne May 27, - June 5, 1918 (No clasp on Victory Medal)
Champagne - Marne 15-July 18, 1918
Aisne - Marne July 18, - 6 August 1918
St. Mihiel 12 - September 16, 1918
Meuse - Argonne September 26, - November 11, 1918
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
On the afternoon of 16 October 1918, when the Cote-de-Chatillion had just been gained after bitter fighting and the summit of that strong bulwark in the Kriemhilde Stellung was being organized, Pvt. Neibaur was sent out on patrol with his automatic rifle squad to enfilade enemy machinegun nests. As he gained the ridge he set up his automatic rifle and was directly thereafter wounded in both legs by fire from a hostile machinegun on his flank. The advance wave of the enemy troops, counterattacking, had about gained the ridge, and although practically cut off and surrounded, the remainder of his detachment being killed or wounded, this gallant soldier kept his automatic rifle in operation to such effect that by his own efforts and by fire from the skirmish line of his company, at least 100 yards in his rear, the attack was checked. The enemy wave being halted and Iying prone, 4 of the enemy attacked Pvt. Neibaur at close quarters. These he killed. He then moved alone among the enemy Iying on the ground about him, in the midst of the fire from his own lines, and by coolness and gallantry captured 11 prisoners at the point of his pistol and, although painfully wounded, brought them back to our lines. The counterattack in full force was arrested to a large extent by the single efforts of this soldier, whose heroic exploits took place against the skyline in full view of his entire battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="9712166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712166" title="Dead End Street">
Dead End Street

Dead End Street is a 1982 film directed by Yaky Yosha. Inspired by a true story, it is about a young prostitute who participated in a documentary about her efforts to abandon the streets, only to commit suicide hours before the movie was to be broadcast.
Like Yosha's previous two films, "Dead End Street" represented Israel at Cannes. Bruce Springsteen contributed three songs to the soundtrack. 
Plot.
Alice, a young street walker, receives an opportunity of a lifetime when a television crew casts her to star in a documentary about prostitution in Tel-Aviv. 
Alice, a 17 year old girl from the gutters of the city, is exposed for the first time to the glitzy world of make believe. 
For her personal safety and the crew’s convenience, Alice is invited, during the shoot, to stay in the home of Yoram, the director and Mary, his producer-girlfriend. Alice's presence exceeds all expectations as she lays out her gloomy life story in front of the cameras. When Mary notices that Yoram gets more than just professionally involved with Alice, she wraps the production as quickly as possible.
Alice doesn't want to go back to the streets, but she doesn’t belong in the ‘decent’ world either. Alice finds herself in a dead end.

</doc>
<doc id="9712182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712182" title="Bodmer">
Bodmer

Bodmer is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="9712186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712186" title="Nancy Argenta">
Nancy Argenta

Nancy Maureen Argenta (born Nancy Maureen Herbison on January 17, 1957) is a Canadian soprano singer, best known for performing music from the pre-classical era. She has won international acclaim, and is considered by many as the leading Handel soprano of her time.
Life.
She was born in Nelson, British Columbia, Canada. 
She spent her early years in the settlement of Argenta, from which she later took her professional name (to avoid being mistaken for another Canadian soprano, Nancy Hermiston.)
At the age of 11 she started formal voice lessons with Dr. Amy Ferguson of Nelson, and sang with one of the school choirs at L.V. Rogers High School in Nelson. 
By that time, she was frequently making trips to Vancouver, British Columbia, so she could hear musical events and have additional singing lessons. After graduation from high school in 1975, she was a student of Jacob Hamm in Vancouver and of Martin Chambers at the University of Western Ontario, graduating in 1980. 
The same year she won 1st prize in the Sophie Carmen Eckhardt-Gramatté Competition. 
After further training with Jacqueline Richard in Düsseldorf from 1980 to 1981, and with Gérard Souzay, in 1982 she settled in London, England and completed her studies with Vera Rozsa, and Sir Peter Pears. 
In 1990, she won Canada's Virginia Parker Prize.
Reputation.
Her soprano voice is light, clear, and flexible, with a sound that is regarded as ideal for classical-era and earlier music.
Career.
Her professional operatic debut was in two roles in Rameau's Hippolyte et Aricie at the 1983 Aix-en-Provence Festival. In 1990 she received the Virginia P. Moore Prize, an annual award from the Canada Council for development of the career of a young Canadian classical musician.
She is in high demand to perform with period instrument ensembles. These have included the Academy of Ancient Music and The English Concert, La Petite Bande, and such prominent conductors as Trevor Pinnock, Christopher Hogwood, John Eliot Gardiner, Roger Norrington and Sigiswald Kuijken. She is particularly noted for her performances of the vocal music of the two leading figures in English music during the Baroque era: George Frideric Handel and Henry Purcell. When she returned to the Aix-en-Provence Festival in 1990, it was to sing in the latter's The Fairy Queen. She has performed most of the major Handel operas and oratorios. She also sings all the large-scale Bach choral/vocal works (Mass in B minor, the Passions, the Christmas Oratorio, and several of the cantatas).
In the classical era she is noted for performances of Haydn masses (some of which she has recorded with Pinnock and Richard Hickox), Haydn's Creation, the role of Zerlina in Don Giovanni and Despina in Così fan tutte. However, she sings music of all eras. She has recorded Schubert for the Virgin Classics label, and has sung in performances of music by Mahler and Schoenberg.
She currently lives in Victoria, British Columbia, after having England as her home for much of her career. Argenta teaches at the Victoria Conservatory of Music and regularly performs in Victoria with the Victoria Baroque Players, in the Early Music Society of the Islands series, in her own oratorio workshop concerts and other venues.

</doc>
<doc id="9712188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712188" title="1929 in Northern Ireland">
1929 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9712234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712234" title="Zheng Lun (Fengshen Yanyi)">
Zheng Lun (Fengshen Yanyi)

Zhen Lun (Chinese: 郑伦; Pinyin: Zhèng Lún) is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel "Fengshen Yanyi".
Zheng Lun was originally the head student under Duè Zhenrèn (度厄真人) of the Western Kunlun Mountains. Zheng Lun would be destined to assist in the founding of the new dynasty and one day attain the rank of God. For years upon end, Zheng Lun would train his legendary black crow troops and attain perfection with his Evil-Taming bars. At one point in time, Zheng Lun would head down from the Kunlun Mountains to serve as a loyal sword of Su Hu, the head of Ji province. 
At one point within the coalition against Su Hu, Zheng Lun would personally take action against the new enemy, Chong Heihu, with the words, ""My lord! I will capture Chong Heihu for you! Or I will present you with my head before all these generals."" So saying, Zheng Lun would mount his golden-eyed beast, grab hold of his two bars, and set forth with his great army of three thousand black crow troops. 
In appearance before Chong Heihu, it could easily be seen that Zheng Lun's hair was like that of golden needles, and his face was like that of a purple plum. Immediately, Zheng Lun's great taming bars would parry off against Chong's duel golden axes, and thus a great battle would ensue between the two renowned warriors. Soon enough, Zheng would recognize the large red gourd atop Chong's back and instantly realize that it is his source for his magic. Thus, Zheng Lun would shoot two large jets from both of his nostrils to suck up Chong's spirit and soul. Once this process was completed, Zheng Lun returned to Ji province with the unconscious Chong as prisoner. Following this point, Zheng Lun would not be featured again for quite some time.
Zheng Lun and Chen Qi (陈奇) was appointed as the deity of Heng Ha Erjiang (哼哈二将) in the end.

</doc>
<doc id="9712246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712246" title="Esterina Tartman">
Esterina Tartman

Esterina Tartman (, born 9 November 1957) is an Israeli politician. She served as a member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu between 2006 and 2009.
Political career.
Tartman entered the Knesset in February 2006, two months before the end of the 16th Knesset's term after Yisrael Beiteinu had split from the National Union and gained another seat. She retained her seat in the 2006 elections. 
Since the start of the 17th Knesset's term, Tartman has made a number of controversial acts. In October 2006 she stated that she would introduce a bill to remove Knesset Members who were deemed to be anti-Israeli, though she later backed down and did not submit the bill after a request from Knesset speaker Dalia Itzik.
In January 2007 Tartman submitted a bill to the Knesset that would curb the authority of the Supreme Court to overturn government legislation. Later in the month Tartman hit the headlines after saying Labour's nomination of Raleb Majadele a Muslim Arab for a Ministerial position was a "lethal blow to Zionism". Majadele's Ministerial position was eventually confirmed by a cabinet vote, though Yisrael Beiteinu leader Avigdor Lieberman abstained from voting.
Despite her controversial remarks, in February 2007, Lieberman nominated her to take the position of Tourism Minister which had been vacated by Isaac Herzog during a cabinet reshuffle caused by Yisrael Beiteinu's addition to Ehud Olmert's coalition. In response, Israeli Arab MK Ahmad Tibi stated the move was "a lethal blow to sanity and tolerance". Since her nomination, she has said she would propose revoking the citizenship of Israeli Arabs and ultra-Orthodox Jews who refused to sign a declaration of their loyalty to Israel. Further controversy followed when the major newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth revealed that she does not hold a Master's degree despite claiming so in her CV and in television interviews. Despite Lieberman insisting she was still the party's only candidate, after much media pressure, Tartman announced that she was withdrawing her candidacy for the post, with Yitzhak Aharonovich announced as her replacement.
Prior to her political career, Tartman won a claim in the High Court that she was "52% disabled" and that she could only work four hours a day due to a car accident she had been involved in during the mid–1990s, though the limitation only applied for one year. She was also awarded 2.5 million shekels. The claim detailed that she had memory, concentration and attention problems. When beginning her political career she stated that the "Knesset is easy work - inconsistent and consisting mostly of talk".
Tartman lost her seat in the 2009 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="9712251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712251" title="1928 in Northern Ireland">
1928 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9712252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712252" title="Frisk (film)">
Frisk (film)

Frisk is a 1995 drama film, directed by Todd Verow, based on the 1991 novel of the same name by author Dennis Cooper. It is a first-person narrative about a serial killer. Dennis (Michael Gunther) describes a series of ritual murders in letters to his sometime lover and best friend, Julian (Jaie Laplante), and Julian's younger brother Kevin (Raoul O'Connell). It is banned in the UK due to its content. The cast includes Parker Posey and Alexis Arquette.

</doc>
<doc id="9712256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712256" title="Victory Medal (United Kingdom)">
Victory Medal (United Kingdom)

The Victory Medal (also called the Inter-Allied Victory Medal) is a United Kingdom campaign medal. The basic design and ribbon was also adopted by Belgium, Brazil, Cuba, Czechoslovakia, France, Greece, Italy, Japan, Portugal, Romania, Siam, Union of South Africa and the USA in accordance with the decision of the Inter-Allied Peace Conference at Versailles (a 'Winged Victory). A particular form of this historic Greek monument was chosen by each nation, except the nations in the Far East who issued the medal but with a different design. The dates of the war were in every case 1914 to 1918, except that of the British Empire, which gave the dates as illustrated (1914 to 1919).
The medal was issued to all those who received the 1914 Star or the 1914-15 Star, and to most of those who were awarded the British War Medal - it was never awarded singly. These three medals were sometimes irreverently referred to as Pip, Squeak and Wilfred.
Eligibility.
To qualify for the Victory medal one had to be mobilised in any service and have entered a theatre of war between 5 August 1914 and 11 November 1918. Women qualified for this and the earlier two medals, for service in nursing homes and other auxiliary forces.
It was also awarded to members of the British Naval mission to Russia 1919 - 1920 and for mine clearance in the North Sea between 11 November 1918 and 30 November 1919.
International award.
As well as the United Kingdom, a significant number of allied and associated countries involved in the conflict against the Austro-German alliance issued a Victory Medal. 
The proposition of such common award was first made by French marshal Ferdinand Foch who was supreme commander of the allied force during first world war. Each medal in bronze has the same diameter (36 mm) and ribbon (double rainbow) but with a national design representing a winged victory except for Japan and Siam where the concept of a winged victory was not culturally relevant.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9712262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712262" title="Drakensberg rockjumper">
Drakensberg rockjumper

The Drakensberg rockjumper or orange-breasted rockjumper ("Chaetops aurantius") is a medium-sized insectivorous passerine bird endemic to the alpine grasslands and rock outcrops of the Drakensberg Mountains of southeastern South Africa. It is sometimes included with the allopatric Cape rockjumper in "C. frenatus"; the two are the only living species of the Chaetopidae (rockjumper family) if this is not merged with the Picathartidae (rockfowl).
This rockjumper is 23–25 cm long with a long black tail and strong legs. The male has a dark grey head with a thin white supercilium and a broad white moustache. The back and wings are dark grey.
The underparts are orange and the rump is rufous red. The female and juvenile have a paler grey head, upperparts and wings, a duller head pattern, an orange rump, and buff underparts. The call is a loud "wheeoo". The Cape rockjumper male has rufous red underparts, and the female and young are darker buff below than in "C. aurantius".
This is a ground-nesting species which forages on rocky slopes and scree. It frequently perches on rocks. The Cape rockjumper uses one or two additional individuals, usually a pair's offspring of the preceding breeding season, to assist the parents in territorial defence and alarm calling, and in the feeding of nestlings and fledglings. Given the great similarities between the species, it is likely that Drakensberg rockjumper uses a similar strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="9712272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712272" title="Turmbergbahn">
Turmbergbahn

The Turmbergbahn is a funicular railway in Karlsruhe in Germany. From Karlsruhe's former center Durlach, the line climbs the Turmberg, which on a clear day provides a lookout point with views of the River Rhine valley, the Palatinate forest and the adjacent parts of Alsace.
The line first opened in 1888 by the "Turmbergbahn Durlach AG", and its original form used the water ballast system of propulsion, similar to that still used by the Nerobergbahn in Wiesbaden. Operation of the funicular was interrupted twice during World War II, once near the beginning, and again from 1945 to 1946. The line was comprehensively rebuilt in 1966, and the water ballast drive was replaced by a conventional electric drive. It is now run by the Verkehrsbetriebe Karlsruhe, the operator of Karlsruhe's trams.
The funicular has the following technical parameters:
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="9712273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712273" title="Merieme Chadid">
Merieme Chadid

Merieme Chadid (born October 11, 1969) is a Moroccan astronomer and researcher at Dome C, Concordia Research Station in Antarctica. She led an international scientific program to install a major astronomical observatory in Antarctica.

</doc>
<doc id="9712281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712281" title="Victory Medal">
Victory Medal

Victory Medal, also referred to as the "Inter-Allied Victory Medal", can refer to one of the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="9712286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712286" title="Harry Brittain">
Harry Brittain

Sir Henry Ernest Brittain, KBE (24 December 1873 — 9 July 1974) was a British journalist and Conservative politician. 
Harry Brittain, as he was known, was born at Ranmoor, Sheffield, and was the son of W. H. Brittain. Following education at Repton School, Rossall School and Worcester College, Oxford (where he achieved third class honours in jurisprudence), he entered training in business at Sheffield. In 1897 he was called to the Bar at the Inner Temple, but did not practice.
Journalism.
Instead he developed an interest in journalism. He became an assistant to Sir William Ingram, managing director of the "Illustrated London News". He subsequently worked for Sir Arthur Pearson, founder of the "Daily Express". Brittain worked on the staff of "The Standard" and "Evening Standard", two of Pearson's papers. 
Links with United States.
Brittain tried to foster closer Anglo-American relations. To this end he founded the Pilgrims Society in 1902. For 17 years, first as honorary secretary and then as chairman, steered the Society through its early life. He resigned the chairmanship in 1918, because of his parliamentary duties, and became its senior vice-president, and the only Pilgrim Emeritus. He was also a member of the original Committee of Sulgrave Manor Board, which was set up in 1914 to commemorate 100 years of peace between Great Britain and the United States. In addition to The Pilgrims, Brittain had many close associations with the United States. He was an honorary life member of the American Club, and the Society of Americans in London.
The United States entered the First World War on the side of the Allies in 1917. American officers started to come to London, and Brittain took on the task of organising an Officers' Club. King George V, when accompanied by Queen Mary, inspecting the club, expressed surprise that the chairs were so much more sumptuous than he could get for Buckingham Palace. In May 1918 Brittain conducted a U.S. delegation, including a number of labour leaders, to the battlefields of France. The tour included personal visits to senior commanders including General Pershing, the American Commander-in-Chief, who paid Brittain high praise for his part in organising the American Officers' Club in London. 
On 25 January 1972 he was the guest of honour at a dinner to celebrate the 70th Anniversary of the Pilgrims Society at which were read a message from Queen Elizabeth II and a personal letter to Brittain from the United States President, Richard Milhous Nixon. 
Commonwealth Press Union.
In 1909 he organised the First Imperial Press Conference. After the conference, he founded the Empire Press Union (later the Commonwealth Press Union) and lived to see his concept grow into an organisation which included in its membership over 1,500 newspapers and news agencies throughout the Commonwealth. Brittain was an honorary life member of the CPU, attended many of its Quinquennial Conferences, regularly attended all its Council Meetings and Conferences, and in 1959 personally inaugurated its 50th (Golden Jubilee) Annual Conference.
Harry Brittain was also an Honorary Member of the Foreign Press Association, the Association of American Correspondents in London and the Institute of Journalists. For many years, until the Anschluss, he was the only foreign Director of the Neue Freie Presse of Vienna.
Politics.
Along with Pearson, Brittain formed the Tariff Reform League. This led him into Conservative politics. At the 1918 general election he received the "coupon" as the Coalition Conservative candidate for the newly created seat of Acton, Middlesex. 
He was created KBE in 1918 for services in the First World War, and a CMG in 1924. He was also honoured by several continental countries for his international services. He visited 90 countries, crossed the Atlantic by sea more than 70 times and had been entertained in all 50 states of the USA. 
Family life.
In 1905 Sir Harry married Alida Luisa, daughter of Sir Robert Harvey, by whom he had one son and one daughter. Created a DBE in 1929, Dame Alida Luisa Brittain was a harpist, made member of the Celtic Congress (1933) and a Bard of the Gorsedd of Cornwall (Gorseth Kernow), using the name "Colom Wyn" or "White Dove". She died in 1943. After being a widower for 18 years, in 1961 Sir Harry married, secondly, Muriel Leslie Dixon, daughter of the late H. Leslie Dixon. He died, aged 100 years, in 1974.
Sir Harry Brittain wrote three books of reminiscences. He was the author of many publications including "From Verdun to the Somme", which went through five editions in six days. 

</doc>
<doc id="9712290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712290" title="Graeme Cunningham">
Graeme Cunningham

Graeme Timothy Cunningham (born 25 January 1975 in Goulburn, New South Wales) is an Australian cricket player, who plays for the Tasmanian Tigers. 
Graeme Cunningham is a useful middle order batsman. More a hard hitting slogger than a stylist, he began his cricketing career with promise, performing well in New South Wales colts and under-age sides. Unable to get into the New South Wales Blues, he tried for the Canberra Comets instead. He played for Canberra until they withdrew from the ING Cup, and then transferred to Tasmania.
Cunningham's big hitting, but lack of application, has seen him selected more frequently in for Tasmania's one days matches rather than Pura Cup games.

</doc>
<doc id="9712308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712308" title="Johnny Greaves (racing driver)">
Johnny Greaves (racing driver)

Johnny Greaves (born March 21, 1966) is a professional American off-road racing racetruck driver from Abrams, Wisconsin. He has competed in numerous major off-road series, including SCORE International, Short-course Off-road Drivers Association (SODA), Championship Off-Road Racing (CORR), World Series of Off-Road Racing (WSORR), and Traxxas TORC Series (TORC). 
Greaves began racing in buggies and won two championships before to Pro Light. He won seven Pro Light championship between SODA and its predecessor CORR. He raced one year in a Pro 2 Trophy Truck before moving into Pro 4, the premiere class in short-course off-road racing. Greaves won class championships in CORR in 2004 and 2006 as well as WSORR in 2007. After those sanctioning bodies dissolved, he won the 2010 Traxxas TORC Series champion in their Pro 4x4 division. He continued racing in the Pro 4 division, winning the 2013 title.
Racing career.
Early career.
Greaves began racing in motocross at age 12. He switched to racing four wheel vehicles at age 23. He raced in buggies in SCORE International and SODA. He won multiple buggy-class championships, including SODA's "double" titles in Class 1-1600 and Class 9 in 1992. He also raced a few light production trucks that season in Class 7s.
Light production trucks (1993-1999).
He went full-time in Class 7s in 1993, and won the final two events. He started a relationship with Toyota trucks that remains today. He returned to the class in 1994, and won the championship. He received national television exposure, as SODA events were broadcast on ESPN and ESPN2. SODA's regular season was held primarily on tracks in Wisconsin. SODA sanctioned a separate Winter Heat series in California, and Greaves won the Winter Heat class 7S championships in 1995 and 1996. We won 70 percent the races that he entered in 1994 to 1996. SODA's regular season in summer of 1997 was the final season for the sanctioning body before CORR took over sanctioning the off-road vehicles in the winter of 1998. Greaves joined with rival Jeff Kincaid to form a two truck Toyota team in 1997. Greaves/Kincaid Motorsports won 19 out of 20 races between the 1997 SODA Series and 1998 CORR Winter Series. Greaves captured the class championship, and Kincaid took second. CORR named the class Pro-Lite, and Greaves' domination continued. In 1998, Greaves captured the checkered flag in 10 of 16 races in 1998. Greaves won 11 events in 1999, and captured his third Pro-Lite championship.
Pro-2 (2000).
Greaves moved up to the full-size trucks in 2000. He joined the Pro-2 class of two wheel drive trucks in a Toyota Tundra. He won the final event at Topeka, Kansas. He was the highest Pro-2 finisher at the Borg-Warner Cup race at the Crandon International Off-Road Raceway.
Pro-4 (2001 - present).
He moved up the four wheel drive Pro-4 class in 2001. The series is the premiere division in the short course off-road series. He had three victories in his rookie season. He finished third in the points standings. He became the first driver to win a race in all three divisions in CORR. Greaves won three races and the series championship in 2002. Greaves finished fourth in the 2003 championship. He won four events that year, including the Potawatomi Governor’s Cup which was sponsored by his long-time sponsor Forest County Potawatomi Bingo. Greaves won four races in 2004, including the $100,000 Borg-Warner Cup at Crandon. He finished fifth in the 2004 championship points. Greaves started slow in the 2005, but finished the season by winning seven consecutive races. He won CORR's Precision Gear 2005 Driver of the Year award. Greaves had a big crash at Crandon in September 2006, but he recovered rapidly. He earned eight victories in 2006, won the season championship, and was named driver of the year. He set the record for the most consecutive wins in CORR history when he won seven races. Greaves entered his first Baja 1000 in November 2006. 
In 2007 he competed in both the Pro-4 division in CORR and the 4x4 division in WSORR (World Series of Off-Road Racing). He won his second BorgWarner Shootout (now part of the WSORR championship), the world championship event at Crandon. Greaves won the WSORR championship after winning six events. He finished sixth in CORR after winning the first and third rounds.
After CORR and WSORR both ended after the 2008 season, he continued off-road racing in the Traxxas TORC Series starting in 2009. Greaves set a world record in 2009 when he jumped in a TORC Pro 2WD truck. The truck hit the ramp at with its 800 horsepower NASCAR Camping World Truck Series engine. He won the 2010 Pro 4x4 championship.
In 2011, Greaves set the record for the fastest ever Pro 4 lap at Crandon. He overpowered Rick Huseman's 1:18.983 lap to establish a new record of 1:19.482 at the June Brush Run weekend. Greaves battled Ricky Johnson for the TORC championship all season. The duo battled for the lead in the opening laps for the final race at Texas. Greaves' truck broke in the final laps of the race and Johnson won the race along with the championship. 
Greaves beat Rob MacCachren for the 2013 TORC championship by 20 points. One of Greaves highlights in the season was battling his son C. J.'s Pro 2 for the 2013 AMSOIL Cup. After the Pro 4 trucks started behind the Pro 2 field, Greaves passed all of the Pro 2 trucks except his son's. The two battled against each other for the final four laps. They pulled side by side coming out of the final corner and jumped across the line in a photo finish won by C.J. 
Career totals.
Greaves has more than 53 victories, which was the most in CORR's history. 
Personal life.
Greaves' son C. J. Greaves began racing in buggies as a teenager and rapidly rose up the ranks to Pro 2 by 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="9712310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712310" title="Reynogüelén">
Reynogüelén

Reynogüelén, also spelled Reinogüelén, Reinohuelén, and Reynohuelén, was the original Mapudungun name of the eastern regions of what are now the communes of Parral in Linares Province, and Ñiquén, and San Carlos communes in the Ñuble Province of the Biobio Region of Chile. It was also the original name of the upper reaches of the Perquilauquén River that passed through that area. It was later corrupted into Reinohuelén, Reinogüelén, Reinohuelén and Reynohuelén.
A place called Reinohuelen was also mentioned in a 1578 letter of the governor Rodrigo de Quiroga to Philip II were it indicated Reinohuelen to be located to the south of the Itata River, near where this river is joined with the Ñuble River.

</doc>
<doc id="9712325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712325" title="1927 in Northern Ireland">
1927 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9712364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712364" title="Answer to Job">
Answer to Job

Answer to Job () is a 1952 book by Carl Gustav Jung that addresses the moral, mythological and psychological implications of the Book of Job. It was first published in English in 1954.
Summary.
Jung considers the Book of Job a landmark development in the "divine drama", for the first time contemplating criticism of God ("Gotteskritik"). Jung described the book as "pure poison", referring to the controversial nature of the book (Storr, 1973). He did, however, feel an urge to write the book. The basic thesis of the book is that as well as having a good side, God also has a fourth side - the evil face of God. This view is inevitably controversial, but Jung claimed it is backed up by references to the Hebrew Bible. Jung saw this evil side of God as the missing fourth element of the Trinity, which he believed should be supplanted by a Quaternity. However, he also discusses in the book whether the true missing fourth element is the feminine side of God. Indeed, he saw the dogmatic definition of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary by Pope Pius XII in 1950 as being the most significant religious event since the Reformation.
Reception.
The author Joyce Carol Oates, in her review "Legendary Jung" (from her collections of essays "The Profane Art"), considers "Answer to Job" to be Jung's most important work. 
The Episcopal Bishop and humanist Christian author John Shelby Spong, in his book "Re-Claiming the Bible for a Non-Religious World", also considers "Answer to Job" to be Jung's 'most profound work.' (page 164)
Jungian scholar Murray Stein claims Jung viewed the "Book of Job" as an example of a Scriptural religious experience:

</doc>
<doc id="9712370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712370" title="Liam Currams">
Liam Currams

Liam Currams (born 26 January 1961) is an Irish former hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder and left wing-back for both Offaly senior teams. His inter-county career lasted from 1980 until 1986.
Currams holds a unique place in the annals of Gaelic games in Offaly as a successful dual player at the highest levels. He has won one All-Ireland medal and two Leinster medals in hurling, while has also won one All-Ireland medal and three Leinster medals in football.
Currams has a number of personal achievements. He one of only four players and the only Offaly player to have won All Stars Awards in both hurling and football.
At club level Currams played with Kilcormac-Killoughey.

</doc>
<doc id="9712384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712384" title="John Schluter">
John Schluter

John Schluter (born 1955) is an Australian journalist and weather presenter. 
Schulter is currently presents a weekly 'Flashback' report and is a fill in weather presenter on "Seven News" in Brisbane. 
Career.
Schluter presented the weather on "National Nine News" in Brisbane for nearly 25 years, John ended his affiliation with the Nine Network in September 2006. In the late eighties, Schluter did voice-over work for Brisbane Ten (TVQ-0/10) but returned to Nine. He was subsequently replaced by weekend weather presenter Joseph May.
John was later signed by "Seven News Brisbane" as a fill-in weather presenter for Talitha Cummins, a position which was later made permanent following high ratings for the then-second rate Seven bulletin (Seven News came 2nd in Brisbane in 2006).
In November 2013, Schluter retired from the Seven Network and was replaced by Paul Burt and Tony Auden. He will continue to host a weekly Flashback item and act as a fill-in weather presenter on "Seven News".
Personal life.
Schluter was educated at the Anglican Church Grammar School. 
John is married to former Brisbane television identity, Chris Collins, who presented news on Brisbane's "Ten News" with Rob Readings from 1987 to 1989. He also has a son, Ben.

</doc>
<doc id="9712387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712387" title="To the Person Sitting in Darkness">
To the Person Sitting in Darkness

"To the Person Sitting in Darkness" is an essay by American humorist Mark Twain published in the "North American Review" in February 1901. It is a satire critiquing imperialism as revealed in the Boxer Uprising and its aftermath, the Boer War, and the Philippine-American War expressing his anti-Imperialist views. It mentions the historical figures Emilio Aguinaldo, William McKinley, Joseph Chamberlain, William Scott Ament and others, and fueled the Twain-Ament Indemnities Controversy.
Background.
Mark Twain, was 'an outspoken critic of American involvement in the Philippines and China', and "one of the mammoth figures in anti-imperialism, and certainly the foremost anti-imperialist literary figure", having become in January 1901 a vice president of the Anti-Imperialist League of New York. James Smylie explains the controversy: "Twain went after the respected Congregationalist minister, Reverend William Scott Ament, director of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. Ament joined other powers in seeking indemnities from the Chinese after the Boxer Rebellion against western exploitation in 1900. Twain, perhaps unfairly, was shocked that Ament would use such blood money for the "propagation of the Gospel" and to promote the "blessings of civilization" to brothers and sisters who "sit in darkness." He summoned to missionaries: Come home and Christianize Christians in the states!"
According to Twain biographer Albert Bigelow Paine, "Twain, of course, was fiercely stirred. The missionary idea had seldom appealed to him, and coupled with this business of bloodshed, it was less attractive than usual. He printed the clippings in full, one following the other; then he said:By happy luck we get all these glad tidings on Christmas Eve—just the time to enable us to celebrate the day with proper gaiety and enthusiasm. Our spirits soar and we find we can even make jokes; taels I win, heads you lose.
Title.
The title of the article is "an ironic reference to Matthew 4:16 — "The people who sat in darkness have seen a great light"", "and used by the Christian missionaries when referring to the “savage,” “heathen,” “uncivilized” populations of the lands the imperialists were conquering." It was also a reaction to the intervention philosophy of British writer Rudyard Kipling's pro-imperialistic February 1899 poem."The White Man's Burden", The title was "a play upon the idea of western civilization being "enlightened." Kipling had used the image when he wrote of the:
Content.
"Without any doubt 'To the Person Sitting in Darkness' is Twain's most famous anti-imperialist piece. The satire is incredibly dark and Twain does not hesitate to taunt those whom he considers to be immoral including McKinley as the "Master of the Game," the missionaries, and the trusts." Zwick describes it as "an acid indictment of the brutalities the British, French, German, Russian and American capitalist governments were committing all over the world." According to Susan Harris:“To the Person Sitting in Darkness,” which Mark Twain published in the "North American Review" in 1901, attacks Western imperialism as it was manifesting itself in South Africa, China, Cuba, and the Philippines. It names its villains – McKinley, Joseph Chamberlain, the Kaiser, the Czar – and their instruments, especially the Reverend William Scott Ament, a Congregationalist minister who was affiliated with the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions.
"Twain lampooned missionary morality and likened it to questionable American activities in the Philippines". According to Foner, Twain used the conduct of Ament to "drive home the point that the missionary movement served as a front for imperialism.
"He went on to score Ament, to compare the missionary policy in China to that of the Pawnee Indians, and to propose for him a monument— subscriptions to be sent to the American Board. He denounced the national policies in Africa, China, and the Philippines, and showed by the reports and by the private letters of soldiers home, how cruel and barbarous and fiendish had been the warfare made by those whose avowed purpose was to carry the blessed light of civilization and Gospel “to the benighted native”—how in very truth these priceless blessings had been handed on the point of a bayonet to the “Person Sitting in Darkness.” Mark Twain never wrote anything more scorching, more penetrating in its sarcasm, more fearful in its revelation of injustice and hypocrisy, than his article “To the Person Sitting in Darkness.” He put aquafortis on all the raw places, and when it was finished he himself doubted the wisdom of printing it.
Censorship.
In "Europe and Elsewhere" (1923), Twain's literary executor, Albert Bigelow Paine, altered "To the Person Sitting in Darkness," a work that Twain himself had seen through the press, by removing the controversial section on William Ament and the indemnities issue in China in the aftermath of the Boxer Uprising.

</doc>
<doc id="9712404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712404" title="Leizhenzi">
Leizhenzi

Leizhenzi (Chinese: 雷震子; Pinyin: Léizhènzǐ) a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel "Investiture of the Gods" (more commonly known as "Fengshen Yanyi"). 
Leizhenzi is a celestial being that had been created by a certain great thunderstorm at Mount Swallow. Ji Chang had been the one to first receive the small newborn, and thus the baby would become known as the third son of Ji Chang. However, Yunzhongzi would take the newborn in as his own disciple, for he was destined to assist in the creation of the new Zhou Dynasty.
Seven years later, at a time in which Ji Chang was seen fleeing for his life from the capital after finally being freed, Leizhenzi, now seven, would be sitting with his master, Yunzhongzi atop Mount South End. Once Leizhenzi was told to assist his father, but first grab a hold of his weapon - which was by the cliff's edge - Leizhenzi would look everywhere in wonder. Soon enough, Leizhenzi would find two large apricots at the edge of the cliff, and eat them both with due haste. Immediately following this point, two large wings would suddenly sprout from Leizhenzi's back, and his face became like that of a monster's.
Once Leizhenzi returned to his father, he would receive a golden rod as his weapon and would be instructed to finally assist his father. Thus, once Leizhenzi met his father atop a mountain slope, he would first deal with General Lei and Yin by creating a rockslide with his golden rod. While hanging on to Leizhenzi's back, Leizhenzi would then transport his father through the five mountain passes. With these words, Leizhenzi would depart from his father: ""My father, you are now safe. Now I must say good-bye and return to Mount South End. Please take care of yourself. I will see you again someday.""

</doc>
<doc id="9712410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712410" title="Nanzan">
Nanzan

Nanzan (南山), sometimes called Sannan (山南), was one of three kingdoms which controlled Okinawa in the 14th century. Okinawa, previously controlled by a number of local chieftains or lords, loosely bound by a paramount chieftain or king of the entire island, split into these three more solidly defined kingdoms within a few years after 1314; the Sanzan period thus began, and would end roughly one hundred years later, when Chūzan's King Shō Hashi conquered Hokuzan in 1419 and Nanzan in 1429.
History.
Nanzan first came into being in 1314 when Tamagusuku inherited the role of head chieftain of all of Okinawa from his father Eiji; he did not have the charisma or leadership qualities to command the loyalty of all the local lords, and so the Lord of Ōzato, one of many powerful local chieftains, fled south from his home in Urasoe, with a number of lesser chieftains loyal to him, and established himself in Ōzato gusuku near the town of Itoman. Another powerful chieftain fled north and established the kingdom of Hokuzan, leaving Tamagusuku in control only of the central part of the island, which thus became the kingdom of Chūzan.
Nanzan, like the two kingdoms with which it shared the tiny island of Okinawa, consisted of a minuscule territory, and correspondingly limited resources. Nevertheless, the kingdom survived for roughly a century, benefiting from sea trade, and from the advantageous location of Ōzato Castle, situated atop tall bluffs, with an inlet from the sea and its own dedicated dock. Though its ports were not nearly as active as Naha, the chief port of Chūzan, the kingdom enjoyed its share of trade with Southeast Asia, China, and other nearby powers. Chūzan entered a tributary relationship with Ming Dynasty China in 1372. Nanzan was granted similar commercial status shortly afterwards, along with Hokuzan, but was restricted to sending only one ship per tribute mission. Over roughly the next thirty years, nineteen tribute missions were sent from Nanzan to China; Hokuzan sent nine and Chūzan sent fifty-two. Though these missions were meant to be limited to formal trade between the governments of Okinawa and China, it was not unknown for Nanzan officials, like those from the other two kingdoms, to engage in private trade and smuggling. Around 1381, a Nanzan envoy was severely reprimanded for bringing silver into China with which he intended to purchase porcelains for his own personal material gain.
It is believed that, for a time, there may have been two lords vying for control of Nanzan. Ofusato, the first lord of Nanzan, presented himself to the Chinese Imperial Court in 1388, and died while in Korea, ten years later. Theories abound about whether the process of succession in Nanzan was a natural, peaceful one, or whether each successive king achieved his position by rising up again, and killing, his predecessor. As a result, the true lineage is also obscured.
In the 1390s, the kings of all three kingdoms died within a few years, and succession disputes erupted across the island; similar events occurred in Nanking at the same time, with the death of the Hongwu Emperor in 1398. When the Lord of Nanzan, Ofusato, died that same year, his brother Yafuso seized power, and sought formal recognition from China. Previously, China had only ever recognized one head of state on Okinawa, but now all three kingdoms sent envoys and vied for the prestige, wealth, and power that would come with China's favor; no response came from China for eleven years. In 1406, Bunei, King of Chūzan, was formally invested by representatives of the Ming Court in his position; Taromai, king of Nanzan, received this honor in 1415, but quarrels within his royal court prevented Nanzan from ever gaining power.
Following Taromai's death in the late 1420s, succession disputes further weakened Nanzan. Shō Hashi, lord of Chūzan, who had conquered Hokuzan ten years earlier, now seized the opportunity to take Nanzan. He thus united the island of Okinawa into the Ryūkyū Kingdom, marking the end of the independent kingdom of Nanzan.

</doc>
<doc id="9712416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712416" title="1926 in Northern Ireland">
1926 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9712423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712423" title="Larry Gene Bell">
Larry Gene Bell

Larry Gene Bell (October 30, 1949 – October 4, 1996) was an American double murderer in Lexington County, South Carolina, who was electrocuted for the murders of Sharon "Shari" Faye Smith and Debra May Helmick. Bell forced Smith to write a "Last Will and Testament" before he murdered her and taunted her parents by telephone.
Background.
Larry Gene Bell was born in Ralph, Alabama and had three sisters and one brother. The family reportedly moved around a lot, with Bell attending Eau Claire High School in Columbia, South Carolina from 1965 to 1967. The Bell family moved to Mississippi, where Larry Gene Bell graduated high school and took training as an electrician. He returned to Columbia, South Carolina, married and had one son.
Bell joined the Marines in 1970, but was discharged the same year due to a knee injury suffered when he accidentally shot himself when cleaning a gun. The following year, he worked as a correctional officer at the Department of Corrections in Columbia for one month. Bell and his family moved to Rock Hill, South Carolina in 1972 and the couple divorced in 1976.
Victims.
Bell kidnapped 17-year-old Sharon "Shari" Faye Smith at gunpoint from the end of her driveway on Platt Springs Road on May 31, 1985. Her car was found running, with the door open. Her body was later found in Saluda County, South Carolina. He then kidnapped nine-year-old Debra May Helmick near Old Percival Road in Richland County, South Carolina. Bell was also a suspect in the 1984 disappearance of Sandee Elaine Cornett from Charlotte, North Carolina. Cornett was a girlfriend of one of Bell's coworkers.
Arrest and trial.
On June 27, Bell was arrested. Throughout the largest manhunt in South Carolina history, Bell made eight telephone calls to the Smith family, often speaking with Shari's sister, Dawn. Bell eventually gave exact directions to the locations of both of the bodies and described to the family how he had killed Smith. During his six-hour testimony at his trial, Bell continuously blurted out bizarre comments and carried on nonstop theatrics, rambling continuously and refusing to answer questions. He later made statements indicating that he may have been attempting to fake mental illness in order to receive a more lenient sentence. He claimed to be Jesus Christ until his death.
Execution.
Bell chose to die by the electric chair instead of lethal injection. Bell was the last prisoner in South Carolina executed by electrocution until James Neil Tucker was executed in 2004 for the double murders of Rosa Lee Dolly Oakley and Shannon Lynn Mello.
Television.
The CBS television movie "Nightmare in Columbia County", also known as "Victim of Beauty: The Dawn Smith Story", portrayed the events of the Shari Smith murder with a focus on the involvement of Shari's sister, Dawn Elizabeth Smith, in the case. The role of Dawn was played by a pre-"Star Trek Voyager" Jeri Ryan. The case was also featured on the TruTV show "Forensic Files" and the Discovery Channel's "The FBI Files", as well as "On the Case with Paula Zahn".
Other media.
A year after Smith's death, her sister, Dawn Elizabeth Smith, was crowned Miss South Carolina (1986). Now known as Dawn Smith Jordan, she became a Christian singer/songwriter and has written a book on the family's story throughout the ordeal, "Grace So Amazing: A True Story of God's Grace in the Midst of Life-Shattering Tragedy" and also recorded a song, "Sisters," dedicated to her sister.
A second book about Bell's killing spree, "Murder in the Midlands by Larry Gene Bell and the 28 Days of Terror that Shook South Carolina," was also written about his killing spree.
Audio pertaining to the murders was sampled on the album "Hide the Kitchen Knives", by The Paper Chase.
A detailed account of the efforts to create and apply an FBI profile of the then-unknown murderer of Sharon Smith and Debra Helmick appears as a chapter in "Mindhunter: Inside the FBI'S Elite Serial Crime Unit", a memoir of former special agent John Douglas.

</doc>
<doc id="9712434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712434" title="Ganbare Genki">
Ganbare Genki


</doc>
<doc id="9712439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712439" title="Filled Julia set">
Filled Julia set

The filled-in Julia set formula_1 of a polynomial formula_2 is :
Formal definition.
The filled-in Julia set formula_1 of a polynomial formula_2 is defined as the set of all points formula_5 of the dynamical plane that have bounded orbit with respect to formula_2
formula_7
<br>
where :
formula_8 is the set of complex numbers 
formula_9 is the formula_10 -fold composition of formula_11 with itself = iteration of function formula_11
Relation to the Fatou set.
The filled-in Julia set is the (absolute) complement of the attractive basin of infinity. 
formula_13
The attractive basin of infinity is one of the components of the Fatou set.
formula_14
In other words, the filled-in Julia set is the complement of the unbounded Fatou component: 
formula_15
Relation between Julia, filled-in Julia set and attractive basin of infinity.
The Julia set is the common boundary of the filled-in Julia set and the attractive basin of infinity 
formula_16
where : 
formula_17 denotes the attractive basin of infinity = exterior of filled-in Julia set = set of escaping points for formula_18
formula_19
If the filled-in Julia set has no interior then the Julia set coincides with the filled-in Julia set. This happens when all the critical points of formula_18 are pre-periodic. Such critical points are often called Misiurewicz points.
Spine.
The most studied polynomials are probably those of the form formula_21, which are often denoted by formula_22, where formula_23 is any complex number. In this case, the spine formula_24 of the filled Julia set formula_25 is defined as arc between formula_26-fixed point and formula_27, 
formula_28
with such properties:
Algorithms for constructing the spine:
Curve formula_41 :
formula_42
divides dynamical plane into two components.

</doc>
<doc id="9712445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712445" title="1929–32 Nordic Football Championship">
1929–32 Nordic Football Championship

The 1929–32 Nordic Football Championship was the second Nordic Football Championship staged. Four Nordic countries participated, Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden. The tournament was arranged by the Swedish Football Association (SvFF) which celebrated its 25th anniversary. The trophy was named the "Guldkrus" (Golden Cup).

</doc>
<doc id="9712454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712454" title="Mustansiriya University bombings">
Mustansiriya University bombings

The 16 January 2007 Baghdad Mustansiriya University bombing was a series of bombing attacks at students and teachers at the largely Shiite Mustansiriya University in Baghdad, Iraq, on January 16, 2007. Some 70 people were killed and 169 were wounded.

</doc>
<doc id="9712460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712460" title="Rujevica">
Rujevica

Rujevica is a quarter of the town Rijeka, Croatia. It is situated in northwest of the city. Rujevica is crossed by a road that continues to Pehlin, another quarter. It is known for its football field which is the home field of the club Lučki radnik. You can find fine restaurants, shopping centers like TUS, or the recreation centre "Lovorka Kukanic" as well as apartment blocks. The area is served by bus line #7.

</doc>
<doc id="9712464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712464" title="Grenadine (disambiguation)">
Grenadine (disambiguation)

Grenadine is a non-alcoholic red syrup.
Grenadine may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9712471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712471" title="Grey gull">
Grey gull

The grey gull ("Leucophaeus modestus") is a medium-sized gull native to South America. Unusual among gulls, it breeds inland in the extremely dry Atacama Desert in northern Chile, although it is present as a non-breeding bird along much of the Pacific coast of South America.
Description.
The sexes are similar in grey gulls. Adults grow to a length of about and weigh some . The head is white in summer but brownish-grey in winter. The body and wings are grey with the dorsal surface rather darker than the ventral region. The flight feathers are black and the inner primaries and the secondaries have white tips, visible in flight. The tail has a band of black with a white trailing edge. The legs and beak are black and the iris is brown. The call is similar to that of the laughing gull ("Leucophaeus atricilla").
Distribution.
The grey gull breeds inland in the Atacama Desert in northern Chile. Its non-breeding range includes Costa Rica, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Chile, and it has been recorded in the Falkland Islands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. It is a vagrant to Panama.
Behaviour.
Breeding.
For many years, it was a mystery as to where this bird breeds because no coastal colonies had been identified. However, in the 1970s, it was discovered that it bred in the Atacama Desert in the interior of Chile. This hot and arid environment has few predators and may be relatively safe for the breeding gulls. The site chosen for the nest, a scrape in the sand and often near rocks, is a waterless region some from the coast. Once the eggs hatch, the parents take it in turn to make the round trip to the sea to bring food and water to their offspring.
The humidity, wind speed, air and surface temperatures vary widely on a daily basis and the gull has to use various thermo-regulatory mechanisms when nesting to maintain its body temperature and that of its eggs and chicks within acceptable limits. In the hottest part of the day the parent bird stands over its nest to prevent the eggs or chicks overheating. Its chief predator is the turkey vulture ("Cathartes aura") and when threatened, the incubating parent sometimes leaves the nest temporarily, and when this happens the eggs need to have impervious shells in order to avoid losing too much water through evaporation. In fact, the evaporative loss from the eggs is found to be about one third of that which occurs in Heermann's gull ("Larus heermanni"), another desert nesting species.
Feeding.
The typical habitat of the grey gull is sandy beaches and mudflats along the western coasts of South America where it probes with its beak in the sediment for invertebrate prey, particularly mole crabs. It also eats fish and ragworms, scavenges for offal and sometimes follows fishing boats.
Status.
The grey gull has a restricted inland breeding range and a limited wintering range along the coasts of Ecuador, Peru and Chile. The population trend is believed to be downwards. However, the total number of birds is sufficiently large to justify listing the grey gull as being of "least concern" rather than including it in a more threatened category.

</doc>
<doc id="9712472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712472" title="Boogaloo (disambiguation)">
Boogaloo (disambiguation)

Boogaloo refers to several genres of American popular music and dance in the late 1960s.
Boogaloo can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9712473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712473" title="1925 in Northern Ireland">
1925 in Northern Ireland


</doc>
<doc id="9712482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712482" title="Things Ain't What They Used to Be">
Things Ain't What They Used to Be

"Things Ain't What They Used to Be" is a 1942 jazz standard with music by Mercer Ellington and lyrics by Ted Persons.
In 1941 there was a strike against the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers, of which Duke Ellington was a member. Because of the strike he could not air his songs on the radio. Instead, he used songs written by his son Mercer and pianist Billy Strayhorn. Strayhorn's compositions of this time include "Take the 'A' Train", "Chelsea Bridge" and "Day Dream", and Mercer wrote "Things Ain't What They Used to Be", "Blue Serge" and "Moon Mist".
Jazz musician and historian Chris Tyle argues that most likely Mercer Ellington came up with the melody and his father then arranged the song for the band. The song is most often played as an instrumental. Lyrics were written by Ted Persons.

</doc>
<doc id="9712503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712503" title="Burford Bridge Hotel">
Burford Bridge Hotel

Burford Bridge Hotel is an historic hotel in the village of Mickleham, Surrey, England. It is to the south of Leatherhead and north of Dorking at the foot of Box Hill on the River Mole. It is now owned by Mercure Hotels.
History.
The Hotel was founded in 1254 as the 'Fox and Hounds', and parts of the existing hotel date back to 16th century. In 1882 the hotel become the Hare & Hounds (commonly known then as the Burford Bridge) when in 1905, Surrey Public Trust purchased it from Sir Trevor Lawrence, it changed permanently to the Burford Bridge Hotel, later merging with Trusthouses in 1948.
On a fresh November day the young poet, John Keats escaped from London and took a room overlooking the gardens and found inspiration to complete his epic poem ‘Endymion’ on 28 November 1817.
The beauty to be found in this small section of Surrey did not inspire John Keats alone. It provided sanctuary for many visitors weighed down by their responsibilities of the World: Queen Victoria, Jane Austen. Wordsworth, Sheridan and Robert Louis Stevenson have all frequented the Burford Bridge over the years.
It was here too that Lord Nelson spent secret hours with his love Emma Hamilton, before going to vanquish Napoleon's fleet at the Battle of Trafalgar, during which Admiral Nelson met his untimely death.
The 16th century Medieval Tithe Barn with beams allegedly from ships of the Spanish Armada was re-erected adjoining the hotel in 1934. Before that it was originally in the neighbouring village of Abinger Hammer. In the same year that the Burford Bridge acquired the Tithe Barn the outdoor swimming pool was opened.
The Garden Bedrooms were built in 1973 and adjoin the main Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="9712504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712504" title="Thom Brennan">
Thom Brennan

Thom Brennan (born May 31, 1957 in Lubbock, Texas) is an American electronic ambient musician, composer and synthesist.
Active since the 1980s with his first album "Mountains" (1987), he belongs to the scene of Californian pioneers of electronic music. His style encloses the principal traits characterizing the evolution from Terry Riley's and Morton Subotnick's minimalism to the form of electronic New Age suite.
Works.
Thom Brennan's music is realized almost exclusively with synthesizers, with rare use of samples and without any acoustic instrument. His production consist mostly of beatless soundscapes; however, in a few works which he himself calls "rhythmic journeys", Brennan employs percussive sounds and, more frequently, rhythmic synth patterns or timbral movements.
His first work, "Mountains", was recorded on a 2 track stereo cassette deck in 1987; it was inspired by memories of Thom Brennan's childhood on an island in the East China Sea. This album was one of the most ambitious works of the so-called Los Angeles school; Steve Roach helped with the production.
His compositions are largely inspired by nature, especially by American Southwest landscapes and by Pacific Northwest forests. All this results in a neo-classical ambient impressionism distinguished by a strong visual approach, as shown in albums like "Mist" and others he has recorded, starting from 2001, after a move to Seattle.
In addition to his solo productions, Brennan appeared in collaboration with other well-known ambient composers such as Steve Roach and Kevin Braheny on "Western Spaces" (1987) and Vidna Obmana on "Amplexus: Collected Works from the 1995 Ltd Series" (1997). However, all of Thom Brennan's main works are self-productions, and since the beginning of his career he has chosen the World Wide Web as the primary channel of distribution. Today he continues working as an independent artist, publishing his releases through his own label, Raingarden SoundWorks.

</doc>
<doc id="9712507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712507" title="Nell Martin">
Nell Martin

Nell Martin (1890—1961) was an American author from Illinois specializing in light-hearted mysteries and short stories. She was at one time the girlfriend of writer Dashiell Hammett. She also published under the names Nell Columbia Boyer Martin and Columbia Boyer.
She wrote "Lord Byron of Broadway", which MGM made into a movie in 1930.
Her "Maisie" short stories were published in Top Notch Magazine in 1927-1928 and later inspired a movie and radio series starring Ann Sothern.
Works.
Martin wrote five novels and many short stories. Her novels are:

</doc>
<doc id="9712510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712510" title="Mohammed Nazir Bin Lep">
Mohammed Nazir Bin Lep

Mohammed Nazir Bin Lep (also known as Lillie) is a Malaysian affiliate or member of Jemaah Islamiyah and al-Qaeda, currently in American custody in the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. He is one of the 14 detainees who had previously been held at secret locations abroad.
In the ODNI biographies of those 14, Bin Lep is described as a lieutenant of Hambali (who is also one of those 14, along with another alleged subordinate of his, Mohamad Farik Amin).
He was transferred from clandestine custody in an American black site to the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba, on September 6, 2006.
Combatant Status Review Tribunal.
The Summary of Evidence memo and the unredacted transcript from his Tribunal were released on April 3, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="9712527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712527" title="Nocturne (audio drama)">
Nocturne (audio drama)

Nocturne is a Big Finish Productions audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Plot.
The Seventh Doctor, Ace and Hex arrive on a human colony world beloved by the Doctor for its art and music.

</doc>
<doc id="9712530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712530" title="Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale">
Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale

The Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale (English: "Institute for Industrial Reconstruction"), best known by its acronym IRI, was an Italian public holding company established in 1933 by the Fascist regime to rescue, restructure and finance banks and private companies that went bankrupt during the Great Depression. After the Second World War, IRI played a pivotal role in the Italian economic miracle of the 1950s and 1960s. It was dissolved in 2000.
History.
In 1930 the Great Depression affected the Italian financial sector, seriously disrupting credit lines and making it difficult for companies to obtain loans. The Fascist regime led by Benito Mussolini, fearing a credit crunch with subsequent mass dismissals and a wave of social unrest, started to take over the banks' stakes in large industrial companies (such as steel, weapons and chemicals). At the same time, Mussolini tried to inject capital into failing businesses. Although initially conceived as a temporary measure, IRI continued to operate throughout the period of the Fascist regime and well beyond. Although IRI was not intended to carry out real nationalizations, it became the "de facto" owner and operator of a growing number of companies. By 1934 it controlled 16.7% of Italian GDP through government-linked companies (GLCs), including Alfa Romeo, the Italsider steel company (which was integrated into IRI's Finsider holding), 75% of pig iron production and 90% of the shipbuilding industry. By the end of the 1930s, IRI activities had resulted in the Italian state owning a larger share of the national economy than any other country except the USSR.
After the war.
After the war, the survival of the Institute was uncertain, as it had been created more as a temporary solution than to meet long-tem goals. But it proved difficult for the state to make the large investments needed for private companies that would only yield returns in the long term. So IRI retained the structure it had under fascism. Only after 1950 was IRI's function better defined: a new thrust was instigated by Oscar Sinigaglia, who, planning to increase the production capacity of the Italian steel industry, formed an alliance with private industry. This gave IRI the new role of developing the industrial infrastructure of the country, not by means of individual investments, but by an unwritten division of labour. Examples were the development of the steel industry and the telephone network and the construction of the Autostrada del Sole, which began in 1956.
"The IRI formula".
The Italian economy grew rapidly in the 1960s, the IRI was one of the protagonists of the "Italian economic miracle". Other European countries, particularly the British Labour government, saw the "IRI formula" as a positive example of state intervention in the economy, better than the simple "nationalization" because it allowed for cooperation between public and private capital. Many companies had both kinds of capital. Many in the IRI group remained publicly traded, and corporate bonds issued by the Institute to fund their companies were heavily subscribed.
At the head of IRI were leading members of the Christian Democracy party, such as Giuseppe Petrilli, president of the Institute from 1960 to 1979. In his writings, Petrilli developed a theory that emphasized the positive effects of the "IRI formula". Across IRI, companies were used for social purposes, and the state had to bear the costs and inefficiencies generated by their investments. IRI did not always follow normal commercial practices, but invested in the interests of the community, even uneconomically and to the extent of generating "improper charges".
Critical of these welfare-oriented practices was the second President of the Italian Republic, the Liberal Luigi Einaudi, who said: "A public company, if not based on economic criteria, tends to a hospice type of charity."
Since the objectives of the state were to develop the southern economy and to maintain full employment, the IRI had to concentrate its investments in the south and to develop jobs in their companies. Petrilli's position reflected those, already widespread in Christian Democracy, that sought a "third way" between liberalism and communism; IRI's mixed system of state-owned enterprises seemed to achieve this hybrid between the two polarised systems.
Investments and rescues.
IRI invested very large amounts in southern Italy, such as in the construction of Italsider in Taranto and Alfasud Pomigliano d'Arco and Pratola Serra in Irpinia. Others were planned but never carried out, such as the steelworks of Gioia Tauro. To avoid serious employment crises, the IRI was often called in to help private companies in trouble: examples are the bailouts of Motta and Shipbuilding Rinaldo Piaggio and the acquisition of food companies by Montedison. This gave rise to more activities and dependents for the Institute.
Governance.
For most of its history the IRI was an "ente pubblico economico", which reported formally to the Ministry of State Holdings. At its head were a board of directors and an advisory board, consisting of a Chairman and members appointed by the ruling political parties. The president of IRI was always appointed by the Christian Democrats, the vice-presidency was often provided by the Republican Party, for example Bruno Visentini for more than twenty years and then Pietro Armani, to counterbalance the weight of the Catholics with those of big business and the laity, represented by the Republicans. The appointment of the heads of banking, financial and other major companies was decided by the presidential committee, but especially during the tenure of Petrilli, the powers were concentrated in the hands of the president and a few people close to him.
After the transformation of IRI into a limited company in 1992, the board was reduced to only three members, and the influence of Christian Democrat and other parties, in a period when many of their members were involved in the Tangentopoli investigation, was greatly reduced. In the year of privatization, the management of IRI was centralized in the hands of the Treasury.
The IRI name remained in journalistic language as a byword for those who assign public investments to companies without strong business criteria. Government agencies such as the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (a bank) and Sviluppo Italia have been dubbed "new IRI", with some negative connotations, to indicate that their purposes and policies tend to patronage, according to critics, rather than economic criteria.
In 1980, IRI was a group of about 1,000 companies with more than 500,000 employees. For many years, it was the largest industrial company outside the United States. In 1992 it ended the year with revenues of 75,912 trillion lire, but with losses of 5,182 billion. In 1993 it was the world's seventh-largest company by revenue, with 67.5 billion dollars in sales.
Privatisation.
After World War II, IRI became one of the largest state conglomerates in the world, owning many diverse businesses such as the autostrada system, the flag carrier Alitalia and many banks, steel, food, chemicals and telecom companies. It was divested and privatized during the 1980s and 1990s and eventually dissolved in 2002. The Andreatta-Van Miert agreement marked a significant acceleration of privatization, which started in 1992. Despite some opinions to the contrary, the Treasury chose not to privatize the IRI, but to sell off its operating companies; this policy was inaugurated under the first government of Giuliano Amato and was never called into question by later governments. In 1997 it reached the levels of indebtedness secured by the Andreatta-Van Miert agreement, but divestitures continued and the institute had lost any function but to sell its assets and to move towards settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="9712533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712533" title="Error in Evolution">
Error in Evolution

Error in Evolution is the second album by Swedish death/thrash metal band One Man Army and the Undead Quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="9712537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712537" title="Moravian Serbia">
Moravian Serbia

Moravian Serbia (, "Moravska Srbija") is the name used in historiography for the largest and most powerful state to emerge from the ruins of the Serbian Empire. In 1403 it was raised to the Serbian Despotate level, which would exist until 1459 ("de jure" until 1560s). Moravian Serbia was created in 1373 and attained its largest extent in 1379 through the military and political activities of its first ruler, Prince Lazar Hrebeljanović. The state comprised the basins of the Great Morava, West Morava, and South Morava Rivers.
The name "Moravian Serbia" should not imply that the state was affiliated in any way with the region of Moravia in the present-day Czech Republic. The adjective "Moravian" in this sense refers to the Morava Rivers which ran through the Serbian entity.
History.
Lazar Hrebeljanović was born in around 1329 in the fortress of Prilepac, near the town of Novo Brdo in the region of Kosovo, Kingdom of Serbia. Lazar was a courtier at the court of Serbian Tsar Stefan Uroš Dušan, and at the court of Dušan's successor, Tsar Stefan Uroš V (r. 1356–1371). Uroš's reign was characterized by the weakening of the central authority and the gradual disintegration of the Serbian Empire. Powerful Serbian nobles became practically independent in the regions they controlled.
Lazar left the court Tsar Uroš in 1363 or 1365, and became a regional lord. He held the title of prince since at least 1371. His territory initially developed in the shadow of stronger regional lords. The strongest were the Mrnjavčević brothers, Vukašin and Jovan Uglješa. They were defeated and killed by the Ottoman Turks in the Battle of Mariča in 1371, after which Lazar took a part of their territory. Lazar and Tvrtko Kotromanić, the Ban of Bosnia, jointly defeated in 1373 another strong noble, Nikola Altomanović. Most of Altomanović's territory was acquired by Lazar. About that time, Lazar accepted the suzerainty of King Louis I of Hungary, who granted him the region of Mačva, or at least a part of it. With all these territorial gains, Lazar emerged as the most powerful Serbian lord. The state he then created is known in historiography as Moravian Serbia.
Moravian Serbia attained its full extent in 1379, when Lazar took Braničevo and Kučevo, ousting the Hungarian vassal Radič Branković Rastislalić from these regions. Lazar's state was larger than the domains of the other lords on the territory of the former Serbian Empire. It also had a better organized government and army. The state comprised the basins of the Great Morava, West Morava, and South Morava Rivers, extending from the source of South Morava northward to the Danube and Sava Rivers. Its north-western border ran along the Drina River. Besides the capital Kruševac, the state included important towns of Niš and Užice, as well as Novo Brdo and Rudnik, two richest mining centres of medieval Serbia. Of all the Serbian lands, Lazar's state lay furthest from Ottoman centres, and was least exposed to the ravages of Turkish raiding parties. This circumstance attracted immigrants from Turkish-threatened areas, who built new villages and hamlets in previously poorly inhabited and uncultivated areas of Moravian Serbia. There were also spiritual persons among the immigrants, which stimulated the revival of old ecclesiastical centres and the foundation of new ones in Lazar's state.
A Turkish raiding party, passing unobstructed through territories of Ottoman vassals, broke into Moravian Serbia in 1381. It was routed by Lazar's nobles Crep Vukoslavić and Vitomir in the Battle of Dubravica, fought near the town of Paraćin. In 1386, the Ottoman Sultan Murad I himself led much larger forces that took Niš from Lazar. It is unclear whether the encounter between the armies of Lazar and Murad at Pločnik, a site southwest of Niš, happened shortly before or after the capture of Niš. Lazar rebuffed Murad at Pločnik. After the death of King Louis in 1382, a civil war broke out in the Kingdom of Hungary. Lazar briefly participated in the war as one of the opponents of Prince Sigismund of Luxemburg, and he sent some troops to fight in the regions of Belgrade and Syrmia. These fights ended with no territorial gains for Lazar, who made peace with Sigismund in 1387.
In the Battle of Kosovo fought on 15 June 1389, Lazar led the army which confronted a massive invading army of the Ottoman Empire commanded by Sultan Murad I. Both Prince Lazar and Sultan Murad lost their lives in the battle. Although the battle was tactically a draw, the mutual heavy losses were devastating only for the Serbs. Lazar was succeeded by his eldest son Stefan Lazarević. As he was still a minor, Moravian Serbia was administered by Lazar's widow, Miliča. She was attacked from north, five months after the battle, by troops of the Hungarian King Sigismund. When Turkish forces, moving toward Hungary, reached the borders of Moravian Serbia in the summer of 1390, Miliča accepted Ottoman suzerainty.
Stefan Lazarević participated as an Ottoman vassal in the Battle of Karanovasa in 1394, the Battle of Rovine in 1395, the Battle of Nicopolis in 1396, and in the Battle of Angora in 1402. After Angora, he was given the title of Despot of Serbia in 1402, and in 1403 he proclaimed Belgrade as the capital of his new state, that became known as the Serbian Despotate.

</doc>
<doc id="9712540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712540" title="2001 UEFA Cup Final">
2001 UEFA Cup Final

The 2001 UEFA Cup Final was a football match between Liverpool of England and Alavés of Spain on 16 May 2001 at the Westfalenstadion in Dortmund, Germany. The showpiece event was the final match of the 2000–01 edition of Europe's secondary cup competition, the UEFA Cup. Liverpool were appearing in their third UEFA Cup final, after their appearances in 1973 and 1976. It also represented the first European final they reached since being banned from Europe following the Heysel Stadium disaster. Alavés were appearing in their first European final.
Each team had to progress through six knockout rounds playing 12 matches in total to reach the final. Liverpool's matches were mainly close affairs, none of their ties were won by more than two goals. The fourth round and semi-final ties against Roma and Barcelona were won 1–0. In contrast, Alavés ties ranged from close affairs to comfortable victories. They won their first round tie against Gaziantepspor by one goal, whereas they beat Kaiserslautern 9–2 in the semi-final.
Watched by a crowd of 48,050, Liverpool took an early lead when Markus Babbel scored in the fourth minute. They extended their lead in the 16th minute when Steven Gerrard scored. Midway through the first half, Iván Alonso scored to bring Alavés within a goal of levelling the match. A few minutes before the end of the first half, Liverpool went 3–1 up when Gary McAllister scored from the penalty spot. Minutes after the start of the second half, Javi Moreno scored twice to level the match at 3–3. Liverpool went in front again in the 76th minute when Robbie Fowler scored. With a minute remaining in the match, Alavés equalised thanks to Jordi Cruyff. The match went into extra-time, with the first half goalless. With the match heading for a penalty shoot-out, Delfí Geli headed into his own net, as a result, Liverpool won on the golden goal rule. The victory meant Liverpool completed a Treble of Football League Cup, FA Cup and UEFA Cup.
Route to the final.
Liverpool.
Liverpool qualified for the UEFA Cup by finishing fourth in the 1999–2000 FA Premier League. Their opposition in the first round were Rapid București of Romania. The first leg was held at Rapid's home ground Stadionul Giuleşti-Valentin Stănescu, Liverpool won 1–0, Nick Barmby scored the winning goal. The second leg at Liverpool's home ground Anfield finished 0–0, which meant that Liverpool won the tie 1–0 on aggregate to progress to the second round. Liverpool's opposition in the second round was Slovan Liberec of the Czech Republic. The first leg at Anfield was heading for a 0–0 draw, until the 87th minute when Emile Heskey scored to give Liverpool a 1–0 victory. The second leg was at Liberec's home ground, the Stadion u Nisy. Liberec took the lead in the first half to level the tie at 1–1. Midway through the first half, Liverpool equalised to make it 1–1 on the night and 2–1 in their favour in aggregate. Two further goals in the second half by Barmby and Michael Owen, before a late Liberec goal ensured Liverpool won the match 3–2 to progress to the third round after a 4–2 aggregate victory. 
Liverpool's opponents in the third round were Olympiacos of Greece. The first leg was held at Olympiacos' home ground, the Karaiskakis Stadium. Liverpool were heading for a 2–1 victory courtesy of goals from Barmby and Steven Gerrard, until Olympiacos equalised in the last minute to earn a 2–2 draw. The second leg at Anfield was won 2–0 by Liverpool, with a goal scored in each half by Barmby and Heskey respectively. The victory ensured Liverpool won the tie 4–2 on aggregate to progress to the fourth round. 
Liverpool's opposition in the fourth round were Italian side Roma. The first leg was held at Roma's home ground the Stadio Olimpico, where Liverpool had won the European Cup twice in 1977 and 1984. Incidentally, Roma were the team Liverpool beat to win the European Cup in 1984. Liverpool were once again successful at the Stadio Olimpico, as they won 2–0 courtesy of two Michael Owen second half goals. The second leg at Anfield was a close affair. Roma scored in the 70th minute to take the lead, they now needed to score another goal to take the match into extra-time. They looked like they had the opportunity to do so, when the referee awarded a penalty towards the end of the match after he had adjudged that Markus Babbel had handled the ball. However, moments later, he reversed his decision and instead awarded Roma a corner-kick. Roma were unable to score the necessary goal following the incident and Liverpool progressed to the quarter-finals courtesy of a 2–1 aggregate victory. 
Portuguese side Porto were the opposition in the quarter-finals. The first leg in Portugal ended 0–0. Liverpool won the second leg at Anfield 2–0 with Danny Murphy and Michael Owen scoring in the first half to progress to the semi-finals courtesy of a 2–0 aggregate victory. Liverpool were drawn against Spanish side Barcelona in the semi-finals. Liverpool defended resolutely during the first leg at Barcelona's ground the Camp Nou to earn a 0–0 draw. The second leg at Anfield was equally close, until the 44th minute when Liverpool were awarded a penalty. Gary McAllister scored the subsequent penalty to put Liverpool 1–0 up in the match and the tie. However, a Barcelona goal would see them progress as a result of the away goals rule. Liverpool managed to see out the 90 minutes without conceding a goal to progress to their first European final, since they were banned from participating in Europe following the Heysel Stadium disaster at the 1985 European Cup Final.
Alavés.
Alavés qualified for the UEFA Cup by finishing sixth during the 1999–2000 La Liga. They were drawn against Turkish team Gaziantepspor in the first round. The first leg at Alavés' home ground the Estadio Mendizorrotza finished 0–0. However, the second leg was more entertaining. The match contained seven goals, Alavés won the match 4–3 to progress to the second round. Alavés' opposition in the second round were Lillestrøm of Norway. The first leg was at Lillestrøm's home ground the Åråsen Stadion. Alavés won the match 3–1 with goals from Begona, Óscar Téllez and Cosmin Contra. The second leg in Spain was a 2–2 draw, which ensured that Alavés won the tie 5–3 on aggregate to progress to the third round. Another Norwegian team, Rosenborg were their opposition. The first leg in Spain was a 1–1 draw. The second leg held at Rosenborg's ground the Lerkendal Stadion. Alavés took an early lead when Rosenborg player Bent Inge Johnsen scored an own goal. Alavés scored a further two goals in the second half, with Rosenborg scoring a late goal to win the match 3–1 and progress to the fourth round courtesy of a 4–2 aggregate victory.
The opposition in the fourth round were Italian team Internazionale, who had won the competition three times. The first leg in Spain saw Internazionale go ahead 3–1 midway through the second half after Álvaro Recoba scored twice and Christian Vieri scored. Alavés fought back to equalise in the 73rd minute after goals from Óscar Téllez and Iván Alonso securing a 3–3 draw. The second leg at Internazionale's home ground the San Siro appeared to heading for a 0–0 draw until the 78th minute when Jordi Cruyff scored. A further goal from Ivan Tomić ensured a 2–0 victory for Alavés. This meant that they progressed to the quarter-finals at the expense of the three-time winners due to a 5–3 aggregate victory. 
Fellow Spanish side Rayo Vallecano were the opposition in the quarter-finals. Alavés won the first leg at home 3–0. Rayo took a 2–0 lead in the second leg at their ground the Estadio Teresa Rivero, but a late Cruyff goal ensured that Alavés would progress to the semi-finals. Their opposition in the semi-finals were German team Kaiserslautern, the first leg in Spain saw four penalties awarded. Three were awarded to Alavés and one to Kaiserslautern, all were scored and a further two goals for Alavés ensured the match finished 5–1 to Alavés. The second leg at Kaiserslautern was essentially meaningless as the German team needed to score four goals to stand a chance of reaching the final. It was Alavés who scored four goals, Kaiserslautern scored a consolation goal, but Alavés won the match 4–1 to progress to the final in their first season in European courtesy of a 9–2 aggregate victory.
Match.
Background.
Liverpool went into the match having already won two trophies during the 2000–01 season. Their first trophy was the Football League Cup which they had won in February defeating Birmingham City 5–4 in a penalty shoot-out after the match had finished 1–1. The second trophy was the FA Cup, which they won 2–1. They entered the match with the opportunity to win an unprecedented Treble. 
Liverpool were appearing in their third UEFA Cup final, both their previous appearances in the final in 1973 and 1976 had resulted in victory. They were also making their first appearance in a European final since their ban from European competition following the Heysel Stadium disaster. Alavés on the other hand were appearing in their first European final in their first season in European competition. Remarkably, the club had been in the Fourth Division of the Spanish league system 11 years ago. As it was their first season in Europe, Alavés had commissioned a special shirt that was pink and bore the names of all their 'socios' (members) as a memento of their qualification for Europe. 
Liverpool opted for a 4–4–2 formation, with the only change from their FA Cup winning team four days earlier being the inclusion of Gary McAllister at the expense of Vladimír Šmicer. Robbie Fowler who had been disappointed to be a substitute for the FA Cup final was again on the bench. Emile Heskey and Michael Owen were picked to spearhead Liverpool's attack. Alavés opted to play a 5–3–2 formation, with Cosmin Contra, Dan Eggen, Antonio Karmona, Óscar Téllez and Delfí Geli in defence. In attack, Martín Astudillo and Jordi Cruyff were chosen to play behind lone striker Javi Moreno.
First half.
Liverpool won the toss and kicked-off. Within the first four minutes Liverpool had scored. Markus Babbel headed in a Gary McAllister free-kick to put Liverpool 1–0 up. They nearly added to their lead minutes later when Emile Heskey was put through on goal from a McAllister pass, but Alavés goalkeeper Martín Herrera cleared the ball with his feet. Two minutes later, Martín Astudillo was shown a yellow card for a challenge on Heskey. Liverpool player Gary McAllister also received a yellow card after he confronted the Alavés player over his challenge. Alavés first opportunity to score was in the 12th minute. They were awarded a free-kick on the edge of the Liverpool penalty area following a challenge by Stéphane Henchoz. Oscar Téllez curled a shot towards Liverpool's goal, however, Liverpool goalkeeper Sander Westerveld pushed the ball away from goal. Three minutes later, Michael Owen collected a Dietmar Hamann pass and played a diagonal pass to Steven Gerrard, whose shot beat the Alavés keeper Herrera to put Liverpool 2–0 ahead.
Minutes later Alavés made the first substitution of the match when Iván Alonso replaced defender Dan Eggen. The change had the desired effect as four minutes later, Alavés scored. Right wing-back Cosmin Contra put the ball into the area form the right side of the pitch and Alonso rose above Babbel to head the ball into the net to make the scoreline 2–1. Immediately afterwards, Alavés were almost level when Contra put another ball into the penalty area, however, Henchoz cleared the ball before an Alavés player could reach it. In the 35th minute, Alavés were again nearly level. Alonso's header fell to Javi Moreno, who went past Henchoz his shot was saved by Westerveld after it his chest. The rebound fell to Ivan Tomić, but Westerveld again saved his shot. Five minutes later, Liverpool were awarded a penalty. Michael Owen had run into the penalty area past the Alavés defence, he was brought down by Herrera was who was booked for the foul. Gary McAllister took the penalty and scored to put Liverpool 3–1 ahead.
Second half.
In contrast to the first-half, it was Alavés who started the half the better of the two sides. Contra put a cross from the right side of the pitch into the penalty area, which was met by Moreno, whose header beat Westerveld to make the scoreline 3–2. Four minutes later Alavés had equalised. They were awarded a free-kick 25 yards away from goal and Moreno went straight through the Liverpool wall and into the goal past Westerveld. Liverpool reacted to the scoreline being levelled at 3–3 by substituting Stéphane Henchoz with Vladimír Šmicer. Steven Gerrard was placed in the right-back position as a result of the change. Three minutes later, Owen was brought down by defender Antonio Karmona, who was subsequently booked. Liverpool were awarded a free-kick, which Gary McAllister hit into the Alavés wall. In the 64th minute, both sides made substitutions. Liverpool replaced Emile Heskey with Robbie Fowler, while Alavés goalscorer Javi Moreno with Pablo. 
Eight minutes later, Gary McAllister passed the ball to Fowler who moved towards the centre of the pitch from the left-hand side and hit his shot into the corner of the net to put Liverpool 4–3 up with 18 minutes of the match remaining. Two minutes later, Liverpool substituted Michael Owen for Patrik Berger. In the 82nd minute, Alavés had an appeal for a penalty after Hamann was adjudged to have brought Magno down, the Brazilian was subsequently booked for diving. With two minutes remaining, Liverpool goalkeeper Sander Westerveld conceded a corner. The subsequent corner is headed into the goal by Jordi Cruyff to make the scoreline 4–4. Two minutes into injury-time, Contra went down under pressure from Gerrard in the Liverpool penalty area. Again, the referee deemed that there was no penalty. Following this, the referee blew his whistle to signal the end of 90 minutes if play. The match would now go into a 30 minute extra-time period.
Extra time.
The golden goal was used during extra-time, which meant that whatever team scored first would win. Liverpool kicked off the first half of extra-time and within three minutes, Alavés looked like they had scored a golden goal. Ivan Alonso had put the ball in the Liverpool goal, but it was ruled out as Alonso was offside. A minute later, Óscar Téllez was booked for fouling Robbie Fowler. Within four minutes, Alavés had been reduced to 10 men. Magno was shown a second yellow card for a two-footed challenge on Markus Babbel. With a minute of the first half of extra-time remaining, Fowler thought he had scored the winning goal, however it was disallowed as he was offside. 
Alavés kicked off the second half of extra-time and within seconds, Babbel was booked for bringing down Alavés defender Delfí Geli 30 yards from goal. The resulting free-kick was put wide by Hermes Desio. Three minutes later, Liverpool had a chance to score, but Fowler could not reach Steven Gerrard's cross and the ball was subsequently cleared from the Alavés penalty area. In the 115th minute of the match, Alavés were reduced to nine men, when Antonio Karmona received a second yellow card for fouling Smicer. McAllister took the resulting free-kick, which was headed into his own goal by Geli. As a result of the golden goal, Liverpool had won the match 5–4 to win their third UEFA Cup and complete a Treble.
Post-match.
Liverpool's victory was their third UEFA Cup success, this put them level with Internazionale and Juventus as the teams with the most success in the competition. Their victory also meant they completed a Treble of cup victories, as they had won the Football League Cup and the FA Cup earlier in the season. 
The match has hailed as one of the most exciting finals in modern times, with Alan Hansen declaring: "the best final ever." Liverpool manager Gérard Houllier hailed his players after the match: "When you play in a European final, you are looking for immortality. People remember who was playing and when you look at programmes from finals you just recall the facts of the game. These boys have produced a game which will be remembered for a long time — and that is thanks to Alavés too." Houllier hit back at critics that had labelled Liverpool as boring before the match: "Maybe we are a boring side — as I seem to keep reading — but I will put up with that. We must have scored 122 of our 123 goals on the counter attack, but all I know is that our total this season is the third highest in Liverpool's history."
The performance of Gary McAllister was lauded after the match with Trevor Brooking stating: "Gary McAllister was outstanding." Alan Hansen also praised McAllister's performance: "Gary McAllister was outstanding. At 36, to keep going the way he did, keep taking those free-kicks and producing it when it counted, was sensational. He fully deserved his man of the match award." 
Alavés manager José Manuel Esnal praised his players despite their loss: "Dortmund has seen a great final, and it was possibly the smallest team in the competition that made it great." Esnal saluted his players for their character especially for equalising twice in the match: "We played with pride and class to get the score back to 4–4 at the end of normal time, the result of that, however, was that we were half dead going into extra-time. But we're the same team as we were two hours ago. One side always has to lose a final, just as one wins."
Despite their success, Liverpool were not celebrating immediately after the match, as they had an important match in the Premier League on the Saturday following the final. The match against Charlton Athletic was a must-win match for Liverpool if they wanted to finish in third place in the league and claim the final UEFA Champions League qualification place. The subsequent match was won 4–0 by Liverpool to secure their place in the 2001–02 UEFA Champions League. Winning the UEFA Cup entitled Liverpool to compete in the 2001 UEFA Super Cup against Champions League winners Bayern Munich. Liverpool won the match 3–2 to secure their second Super Cup victory.

</doc>
<doc id="9712546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712546" title="Šumice (Belgrade)">
Šumice (Belgrade)

Šumice (Serbian Cyrillic: Шумице, ) is a park and an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac.
Location.
Šumice is located in the south-eastern section of the hill of Pašino Brdo and in the northern section largely overlaps with the neighborhood of the same name. On the south it is bounded by the "Ustanička" street and on the east by the "Vojislava Ilića" street, both streets separating it from the neighborhood of Konjarnik. On the west, the park itself borders the neighborhood of Dušanovac.
Park.
The park consists of two parts, separated by the "Vojvode Toze" street into western (larger) and eastern sections. The modern park is a remnant of the much larger wood that existed before World War I. As at that time the urban Belgrade didn't spread east of the woods, it is recorded that during the extremely cold winters, wolves would come down from the Avala mountain all the way to Šumice.
The park is inhabited by hedgehogs and bats, but the main attraction in the park are the squirrels which often leave the park and climb on the trees in people's yards. Woodpeckers and blue tits, living in the park in the 1980s, are not seen anymore.
In the 1990s, in the general air of lawlessness, attempts were made to build concrete objects (shops, kiosks, etc.) in the park itself, but eventually they were successfully removed. In spring 2007 the park was reconstructed. Maps, new wooden gazebos, benches, trash cans and children playgrounds were placed, while a new trim trail through the park was arranged.
Transportation.
Šumice is well connected with other parts of the city, by public transportation:
Buses (with connecting areas of the city):
Trolleys (with connecting areas of the city):
Night buses (with connecting areas of the city):
Neighborhood.
The neighborhood was constructed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. A modern settlement, with lots of green areas, can roughly be divided in two parts: southern, with residential building, and northern with smaller, family houses and villas which were quite popular among Belgrade's celebrities in the 1980s. The population in 2002 was 7,228.
The main features in the neighborhood are:

</doc>
<doc id="9712557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712557" title="2005 Khanaqin bombings">
2005 Khanaqin bombings

2005 Khanaqin bombings were suicide attacks on two Shia mosques in Khanaqin, Iraq (near the Iranian border), on November 18, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9712577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712577" title="Femtosecond Lenticule EXtraction">
Femtosecond Lenticule EXtraction

Femtosecond Lenticule EXtraction ("FLEX") is a new form of refractive eye surgery similar to LASIK that creates a lenticule for removal and a corneal flap. Flex uses a single femtosecond laser laser - compared with Lasik's two - to cut a lens-shaped layer from within the cornea and shape it to achieve improved patient vision.
The new treatment works better than Lasik for people with more severe myopia of up to 1,000 degrees. Additionally, the surgery is reversible in many cases, helping those who develop long-sightedness or presbyopia as they age.
Carl Zeiss Meditec, which is developing the procedure for its VisuMax laser, has reported good initial results.

</doc>
<doc id="9712599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712599" title="George Mason Stadium">
George Mason Stadium

George Mason Stadium is a 5,000-seat stadium in Fairfax, Virginia on the campus of George Mason University. It serves as the home to George Mason's soccer and lacrosse teams. 
The stadium hosted the first home game for the Washington Bayhawks as a Washington, D.C.-based franchise on May 12, 2007, with other games placed at Georgetown's Multi-Sport Field. In 2008, George Mason Stadium hosted all but one Bayhawks home game.

</doc>
<doc id="9712631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712631" title="Brooklyn and North River Line">
Brooklyn and North River Line

The Brooklyn and North River Line, operated by the Brooklyn and North River Railroad, was a trolley line in Manhattan and Brooklyn, New York City, United States. Its route ran from the Desbrosses Street Ferry across Lower Manhattan via the Canal Street Crosstown Line, over a pair of tracks on the east side of the Manhattan Bridge, and to the intersection of Flatbush Avenue and Fulton Street in Downtown Brooklyn. Operation in Manhattan and over the bridge was with conduit electrification, while in Brooklyn it used overhead trolley wire, switching at a plow pit.
The company was formed by a coalition of the three major Manhattan and Brooklyn streetcar operators - New York Railways, the Third Avenue Railway, and Brooklyn Rapid Transit - in competition with the Manhattan Bridge Three Cent Line. The B&NR was operated with Third Avenue cars. The two companies shared trackage on Flatbush Avenue in Brooklyn.
The B&NR originally operated on the west side of the lower deck, now used by subway trains between the BMT Broadway Line and DeKalb Avenue station. When the four tracks on the upper level were completed, the B&NR switched to the two western ones; the Three Cent Line used the eastern pair.
Due to BRT rapid transit operations across the bridge, the B&NR stopped operating by 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="9712634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712634" title="George F. Richardson">
George F. Richardson

George Frederick Richardson (July 1, 1850 - March 1, 1923) was a politician from the U.S. states of Michigan and Washington.
Richardson was born in Jamestown Township, Michigan and attended the common schools. He engaged in agricultural and mercantile pursuits and was elected township clerk eight years in succession. He was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from Ottawa County 2nd district, from 1885 to 1887 and 1891 to 1892, and served as speaker of the house in the two years. He moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan in 1893.
In 1892, as the candidate for the Democratic Party, Richardson won a close election for U.S. Representative from Michigan's 5th congressional district. Richardson won the November 8, 1892, general election by a plurality of 10 votes and received a certificate of election from the board of state canvassers. The defeated candidate, incumbent Republican Charles E. Belknap, requested a recount in Ionia County, alleging irregularities. The Michigan Supreme Court ordered a recount on February 3, 1893, which subsequently resulted in a plurality of 19 votes for Belknap. The new board of state canvassers then issued a certificate of election to Belknap. The contest was brought to the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives on August 8, 1893. Following debate on the validity of the contestants’ credentials, the House voted to seat Richardson, referring the matter to the House Committee on Elections. Following further examination, the committee issued a report upholding Richardson’s claim to the seat. Richardson served in the 53rd Congress from March 4, 1893 to March 3, 1895. He declined to be a candidate for re-nomination in 1894. 
Richardson then began operating a dairy farm in Grand Rapids. He was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for the Michigan Senate 16th District in 1896, and was secretary of Michigan Union Silver Party in 1899. He moved to Kennewick, Washington in 1904 and engaged in agricultural pursuits and in the transfer, livery, and fuel business. He was twice elected mayor of Kennewick and also served as chairman of the school board. He moved to Ellensburg, Washington and in 1916 engaged in agricultural pursuits.
George F. Richardson retired to private life in 1919 and made his home in Bellevue, Washington where he died. He is interred in the Odd Fellows Cemetery, Ellensburg.

</doc>
<doc id="9712641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712641" title="Blossoms Falling">
Blossoms Falling

"Blossoms Falling" is a song by Ooberman, released as their first single for Independiente, and the first to be taken from the band's debut album "The Magic Treehouse". It reached No. 39 in the UK, the only Ooberman single to date to make the UK Singles Chart Top 40. B-side "The Things I Have Lost" was later re-recorded for the band's "First Day of the Holidays" single.

</doc>
<doc id="9712643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712643" title="Gerard van der Lem">
Gerard van der Lem

Gerard van der Lem (born November 15, 1952 in Amsterdam, Noord-Holland) is a retired football (soccer) winger from the Netherlands, who made his professional debut for FC Amsterdam on August 12, 1973 against PSV Eindhoven. He later played Roda JC, Feyenoord Rotterdam, Sparta Rotterdam and FC Utrecht. 
After his professional playing career Gerard Van der Lem started his coaching career as assistant coach to world-famous coaches like Piet de Visser, Dick Advocaat and Louis van Gaal.
In his first engagement at FC Alkmaar (AZS) he was responsible coach for the amateur teams (and became Holland Champion in 1985) as well as assistant coach to Piet de Visser with the senior team. From 1986 to 1989 he was employed with FC Haarlem starting out as assistant coach to Dick Advocaat, and then following him into the position of head coach during the last year. 
Having always given great emphasis to youth development Gerard van der Lem joined Ajax Amsterdam in 1990 as Head of the Youth Development Department. After a successful year and lots of new impressions he was chosen to be co-coach to Louis van Gaal with the great and famous Champions League team. During this period from 1991 to 1997 one title followed the next:
3 x Dutch Champion
2 x Dutch Cup Winner
1 x Winner of the European Champions League
1 x UEFA Cup Winner
1 x Winner of the FIFA World Cup for Clubs
2 x Winner of the Dutch Super Cup
These successes did not go unseen. The next engagement of Louis van Gaal and Gerard van der Lem followed suit at equally famous Spanish Premier League club FC Barcelona. In the two seasons there Gerard van der Lem was able to achieve the titles:
2 x Spanish Premier League Champion
1 x Spanish Cup Winner
1 x Winner of the Spanish Super Cup
After his time in Spain Gerard van der Lem returned to his native Netherlands to become the head coach of FC Alkmaar again followed by one season in Japan at Oita Trinita of the J-League.
Another memorable and highly successful period followed in Saudi Arabia in his first engagement as National Coach. He and his team became for Saudi Arabia:
1 x Winner of the Gulf Cup /
1 x Winner of the Arab Cup /
Qualification to the Asian Cup
Furthermore he was awarded "Best Coach of the Middle East"
After some time back home with Ajax Amsterdam where he worked in several positions, he returned to the Middle East for an engagement with United Arab Emirates 1st Leaguist Al Sharjah Club in the season 2007–2008. 
In 2008 Gerard van der Lem joined his fellow manager Henk ten Cate in an appointment at famous Greek club Panathinaikos.
At present Gerard van der Lem is technical director at Kayserispor, Turkey.
References.
[http://www.goal.com/en/Articolo.aspx?ContenutoId=606143]

</doc>
<doc id="9712647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712647" title="Edwin F. Sweet">
Edwin F. Sweet

Edwin Forrest Sweet (November 21, 1847 - April 2, 1935) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Sweet was born in Dansville, New York and attended the common schools and Dansville Seminary. He graduated from the literary department of Yale College in 1871, where he was a member of Skull and Bones. After graduation, Sweet engaged in a tour of Europe and the Holy Land. Departing from New York city October 9, 1871, he went to Liverpool, Wales, London, Paris, Marseilles, Rome, Naples, and Brindisi. He then sailed to Alexandria, Egypt, went up the River Nile to the first Cataract, and then spent a month in Palestine. On his return, he passed through Syria, Constantinople, Athens, Venice, Switzerland, Austria, Prussia, Sweden, and Scotland. He returned to New York City one year to the day after his departure. In January 1873, he entered the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor and graduated in 1874. He was admitted to the bar in 1874 and was employed as a clerk in the law firm of Hughes, O'Brien & Smiley in Grand Rapids, Michigan. In April 1876, he formed the law firm of Stuart & Sweet. Sweet was a member of the board of education from 1899 to 1906. He served as Mayor of Grand Rapids from 1904 to 1906.
Sweet defeated incumbent Republican U.S. Representative Gerrit J. Diekema, to be elected as a Democrat from Michigan's 5th congressional district to the 62nd United States Congress, serving from March 4, 1911 to March 3, 1913. In 1912, he lost in the general election to Republican Carl E. Mapes.
In 1913, Sweet was appointed by U.S. President Woodrow Wilson to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce, where he served until 1921. In 1916 he was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Michigan, losing to Albert Sleeper. He was member of the board of education of Grand Rapids from 1923 to 1926 and a member of the city commission from 1926 to 1928. At some point, he operated a grain and stock ranch in North Dakota.
Edwin F. Sweet resided in Grand Rapids until 1928 when he retired and moved to Ojai, California where he died. He is interred in Oakhill Cemetery, Grand Rapids.
References.
Edwin F. Sweet was a brother of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Phi chapter).

</doc>
<doc id="9712648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712648" title="Bing metrization theorem">
Bing metrization theorem

In topology, the Bing metrization theorem, named after R. H. Bing, characterizes when a topological space is metrizable. The theorem states that a topological space formula_1 is metrizable if and only if it is regular and T0 and has a σ-discrete basis. A family of sets is called σ-discrete when it is a union of countably many discrete collections, where a family formula_2 of subsets of a space formula_1 is called discrete, when every point of formula_1 has a neighborhood that intersects at most one member of formula_2. 
Unlike the Urysohn's metrization theorem which provides a sufficient condition for metrization, this theorem provides both a necessary and sufficient condition for a topological space to be metrizable.
The theorem was proven by Bing in 1951 and was an independent discovery with the Nagata-Smirnov metrization theorem that was proved independently by both Nagata (1950) and Smirnov (1951). Both theorems are often merged in the Bing-Nagata-Smirnov metrization theorem. It is a common tool to prove other metrization theorems, e.g. the Moore metrization theorem: a collectionwise normal, Moore space is metrizable, is a direct consequence.

</doc>
<doc id="9712653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712653" title="Salle 11th November">
Salle 11th November

Salle 11th November is an indoor sporting arena located in Fes, Morocco. The capacity of the arena is 3,000 people.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9712663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712663" title="Le Chateau du Broutel">
Le Chateau du Broutel

Le Château du Broutel is an 18th-century Château situated in Rue. It is one of the most important buildings (from an architectural standpoint) in the town, and is one of the few buildings in Rue which are listed by Bâtiments de France.
Background.
The Château dates back to 1714 and is situated in approximately . It was built by Jean-Baptiste Loisel, one of the senior cavalry officers of Louis XIV who died before the château was completed. It was restored in 1824 after some damage in the French Revolution, particularly to the roof. It was used as a regional HQ for the German second army during the Second World War. Remnants of the occupation include swastika motifs and inscriptions carved into the stonework around some of the windows.
Recent history.
It has been entered on the French listed building register since 1969 for its façades and roof structures, as well as a room decorated with fine murals, a Louis XV room decorated with 18th-century frescoes and outside the alley of trees leading to the château and the grounds of the old garden.
It was purchased in the later 1960s to be the private country residence of Lionel Leroy, who was the former managing director and son of the founder of the French DIY chain Leroy Merlin. It was Monsieur Leroy who both restored the Château to some of its original glory after a period of partial disuse during which much of the roof had fallen into disrepair and part of the main building was uninhabitable. Monsieur Leroy also converted the main Château building from private use to a hotel during the 1990s and began renovations to the impressive 18th-century stable block. The Château was sold to a British company, Globebrow Ltd at the end of the 20th century. Further renovations to the stable block and other outbuildings have been completed more recently.
Current use.
The Château continues as a 3-Star hotel, but has a duel purpose as a residential centre for British children at KS2, 3 and 4. It is also known as Château Aventure.

</doc>
<doc id="9712664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712664" title="Jan F. E. Celliers">
Jan F. E. Celliers

Jan Francois Elias Celliers, almost universally known as Jan F.E. Celliers, but occasionally as Jan F.E. Cilliers (12 January 1865 – 1 June 1940) was an Afrikaans-language poet, essayist, dramatist and reviewer.
Celliers was one of the three outstanding Afrikaans-language poets who wrote in the immediate wake of the Second Boer War; together with Totius and C. Louis Leipoldt, Celliers' youthful poetry writes of the devastation of the war in the youthful language of Afrikaans. His best poems appear in the 1908 collection "Die Vlakte en ander gedigte" ("The Plains and Other Poems). 
Celliers was born near Wellington, Western Cape Province—then Cape Colony—South Africa. After a childhood near Cape Town, Celliers and his family moved to Pretoria, in the then-country of Transvaal in 1874. When the Second Boer War broke out, Celliers fought at Colesberg by Kimberley until the end of the war. Escaping through British lines wearing his wife's clothes, Celliers went to Europe until his 1907 return to South Africa. From 1919 to 1940 Celliers was a professor at Stellenbosch University. He died in Johannesburg, Transvaal—now Gauteng Province.
External links.
Picture, brief biography. and list of works

</doc>
<doc id="9712666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712666" title="Carl E. Mapes">
Carl E. Mapes

Carl Edgar Mapes (December 26, 1874 – December 12, 1939) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Mapes was born on a farm near Kalamo, Michigan, to Selah W. and Sarah Ann (Brooks) Mapes. His father was born in New York and came with his parents at the age of seven to Kalamo Michigan, where he became a county district schoolteacher and held various township offices. He was also president of the Barry and Eaton County Farmers Mutual Fire Insurance Company and the Michigan Tornado and Cyclone Insurance Company. Sarah Ann was from Washtenaw County and was married to Selah Mapes on April 12, 1887. Selah and Sarah Ann moved to Olivet in 1887. 
Carl Mapes attended the common schools of Olivet and graduated from Olivet College in 1896. He graduated from the law department of the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1899, was admitted to the bar that same year and commenced the practice of law in Grand Rapids. In 1901, he became assistant prosecuting attorney of Kent County, serving until January 1, 1905, when he began a term in the Michigan House of Representatives, representing the 1st district in Kent County. He was an unsuccessful candidate for re-nomination in 1906. In 1908, he was elected to the Michigan Senate from the 16th district, and served from 1909 to 1912.
In 1912, Mapes defeated incumbent Democrat U.S. Representative Edwin F. Sweet to be was elected as a Republican from Michigan's 5th congressional district to the 63rd United States Congress. He was re-elected to the thirteen succeeding Congresses, serving from March 4, 1913, until his death in New Orleans, Louisiana on December 12, 1939. During the 66th Congress, he served as chairman of the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mapes married Miss Julia Pike, the daughter of Abram and Eliza (Roberts) Pike of Grand Rapids on August 14, 1907. They had four children, Robert W., John Pike, Jane Elizabeth, and Ruth. Mapes belonged to the Park Congregational Church and was a member of the Freemasons, Odd Fellows and Woodmen. He is interred in Oak Hill Cemetery, Grand Rapids, Michigan. He was interred at Oak Hill Cemetery in Grand Rapids.

</doc>
<doc id="9712668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712668" title="André Weinfeld">
André Weinfeld

André Weinfeld is a French and American film and television producer, director, screenwriter, photographer and journalist. He is an alumnus of the prestigious Lycée Louis-le-Grand and the Sorbonne University in Paris.
Early life.
After receiving a Master's Degree in Psychology and French Literature at the Sorbonne University, André Weinfeld - the son of Jean Weinfeld, a Bauhaus architect - was admitted as the head of his class at the renowned French Film School Institut des hautes études cinématographiques (IDHEC).
First, a Camera operator and then a Cinematographer to several "French New Wave" short and full-length feature films (collaborating with, among others, directors Philippe Garrel, Jean Eustache, Néstor Almendros, Dennis Berry, etc.) André Weinfeld became – at age 19 – one of the youngest television directors, producers and journalists in France.
French career.
For the next 10 years, André directed, produced and reported over 70 weekly news and documentary magazine programs and French Network Specials, covering everything from fashion to the 1960s and 1970s rock and roll and pop scenes in "Swinging London" and in the US for the TV show "Bouton Rouge" at the Monterey International Pop Festival, the Woodstock Festival, working with many major musicians, among them Jimi Hendrix, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Cream, The Who, Janis Joplin, Otis Redding, Eric Clapton, Pink Floyd, etc. Later on, this time as a War correspondent, André accepted several "hard news" assignments to Israel, Syria, Egypt and Lebanon during the Six Day War, the Yom Kippur War and Saigon during the Vietnam War.
After serving for one year as a director of several feature and documentary films during his military service in the French Army Cinema Service (ECPA), André Weinfeld joined the McCann Erickson advertising agency in 1974 for a two-year stint as creative director and in 1976 went on to write and direct his first feature short "La Bonne Nouvelle" (The Good News), with late "French New Wave" director Claude Chabrol, Thomas Chabrol, Christine Boisson, Michel Duchaussoy, Mary Marquet and Daniel Prévost, which was awarded the Grand Prize at the International London Film Festival and thereafter distributed in France by Warner-Columbia. 
André then worked as a screenwriter for several French Films, among them "La Clé sur la porte" (1978) starring French actors Patrick Dewaere and Annie Girardot.
American career.
Having moved to live and work in the USA in 1977, André started his own Production and Video Distribution Company while producing, writing and directing "From Raquel With Love" (1980) a variety show TV Special with Raquel Welch, Mickey Rooney and Douglas Fairbanks Jr.. 
He then went on to produce all of Raquel's National Tour and Live Concerts in Las Vegas, Lake Tahoe and Atlantic City and subsequently co-produced the Broadway Musical "Woman of the Year" by Fred Ebb and John Kander. 
His work as a Commercial and Editorial Photographer for the Sygma Corbis news agency has appeared worldwide on the covers and in the pages of "Life magazine", "Newsweek", "Time magazine", "Vogue", "Harper's Bazaar", "Playboy", etc. His photographs have also been chosen to represent Hasselblad's renowned professional camera products in one of that company's recent international advertising campaign. In 1984, he published and photographed Raquel’s best-selling Fitness Book "Total Beauty and Fitness" and produced and directed her Multi-Platinum collection of Fitness and Yoga videos.
Besides working on several film and multimedia projects both in France and the USA, André Weinfeld has founded and managed i-magecom, a full service marketing, design and digital communication company specialized in the Luxury Travel and Hospitality market worldwide, counting some of the most prestigious luxury brands among its clients like Relais & Châteaux, The Leading Hotels of the World, Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, Mandarin Oriental, The Rocco Forte Collection, Dorchester Collection, Orient-Express Hotels, Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces, to name but a few.
Personal life.
Having met actress Raquel Welch in Paris in 1977, André Weinfeld decided to move to Hollywood to join her. They eventually married in 1980.
Divorced from Raquel Welch in 1990, André Weinfeld is now living with his 19 year old son Zachary from his second marriage to American fashion model and songwriter Jaimie Lilly (from whom he is also divorced), sharing his time between Paris, New York and Los Angeles. 

</doc>
<doc id="9712669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712669" title="Bishop Walsh Catholic School">
Bishop Walsh Catholic School

Bishop Walsh Catholic School is a secondary school located in Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham in the West Midlands of England.
Introduction.
Bishop Walsh Catholic School is a Performing Arts College, Mathematics and Computing College and Sixth Form centre. The school opened in 1966 and celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2006 with a mass in the school building which was conducted by Vincent Gerard Nichols (Roman Catholic Metropolitan Archbishop of Birmingham).
The school is named after Bishop Thomas Walsh and currently teaches 765 pupils aged 11–16 and a further 240 pupils in the VI form. The current headteacher is John B. Farrell, who was Deputy Head at the school, 2000–2008 and was a teacher at the school from 1988-1992. The school is managed by the senior management team and the board of governors. Since the end of September 2012, Peter McCann, an alumnus and parent, has been Chair of Governors.
Specialist Status.
In 2006 the school applied to renew its bid as a performing arts college which was successful. It also achieved specialist status as a Mathematics and Computing College. Bishop Walsh now belongs to three of the Specialist Schools Trust's award clubs. The school is enrolled in the club for highest performing results, the highest valued scores from SATs (see National Curriculum assessment) to GCSE and the third club is for the most improved schools over the past four years. Only 34 schools in the UK, excluding Walsh belong to all three clubs, placing the school in the top 1.2% of specialist schools in the UK.
Position within the community.
As the school is the only establishment for secondary Catholic education in Sutton Coldfield, the school is actively involved in many projects and activities. The school takes part in many sporting events which include; Sutton School's athletics, swimming, hockey, football and the most recent addition, ultimate Frisbee. The school supports local performing arts groups, which include the biggest 'Razzmatazz'. Another group that meets at the school is 'The Sutton Coldfield Community Choir', run by music teacher Kryz Weber, 
The school is involved with many projects with the Catholic Partnership, which includes the Year 10 young leaders project, sporting competitions and other religious orientated projects and events. The school's local cluster group is The Sutton Central Group. The school has with the cluster arranged free dental care for young people in Sutton due to parents refusing to accept locally provided NHS care and an enterprising project, with Year 10 pupils, recycling bikes in the local community.
Grant Huddleston is an active Duke of Edinburgh Award coordinator - Year 10 pupils and above are able to achieve the Bronze and Silver award from the expeditions. On 13 December 2011, Sarah Cotter won a Harry Potter competition through Sainsbury's. Rupert Grint and Oliver Phelps visited the school. In July 2013, pupils worked throughout the week following the theme 'In the community'. Groups kept to performing arts departments which eventually ended up with Year 9 performing on The Alex Theatre stage in central Birmingham where they were watched by year 7 & 8 and the parents of some pupils and all staff. Lead by Head of performing arts Alex Darby.
Senior Management Team.
From Academic Year 2013/2014: 
Catholic partnership.
Bishop Walsh Catholic School is a Member of the Catholic Partnership, whose core purpose is to promote the Common Good, as outlined by the Bishops of England and Wales, in Birmingham's Catholic Secondary schools.
Admission criteria.
11-16 education.
Bishop Walsh Catholic School is a Roman Catholic Voluntary Aided School serving, in the first instance, the local Roman Catholic Community. Pupils are normally admitted to the school between the ages of 11 and 16 years, the operative date being September 1 of the current school year. All pupils are expected to take part in Religious Education lessons. All the criteria apply for years 7 - 11 in the school.
To support their application, parents/ guardians will be required to provide evidence that their children are baptised Catholics.
The Governors have adopted Birmingham LEA's definition of brothers and sisters and residency. The Governors have the right to check with Parish Priests that the child's residency lies within the four Sutton Coldfield parish boundaries.
These priorities having been applied, in the event of over-subscription, applications will be admitted in an order of priority within the appropriate category, based upon the proximity of their domicile to the front door of Holy Trinity R.C. Church, measured in a straight line.
In cases of refusal of admission by the Governors, parents have the right of appeal against that decision and, in such a case, an Appeals body will be constituted in accordance with the arrangements laid down by the 1998 Education Act.
Feeder schools.
The following schools are feeder schools to Bishop Walsh.
Sixth Form entry.
There is a separate Admissions Criteria for the Sixth Form.
Sixth Form entry from 2008
To help raise standards in the Sixth Form and make sure all candidates can cope with A Levels, the governors have changed the entry requirements to study A Level and BTEC courses, for A Levels a point score of 230 is required, which is equivalent to 5 Bs at GCSE, with 5 passes at grade C in separate subjects. Pupils can also be admitted to one year intermediate courses (BTEC) in which they will 4 to 5 GCSEs at grades A* to C, candidates will need a GCSE point score of 112, the equivalent to 4 grade E's at GCSE. 
External applicants are required to complete a Governors’ Application form for a Sixth form place and sign to accept the conditions of entry. All candidates will be interviewed and references will be called for from schools currently attended by applicants. External applicants are only accepted if there are available places within. In addition, if more applications are received than there are places available the Governors will allocate places in the following order:
Internal applicants from Year 11 receive a priority if they meet the entry requirements for post-16 courses and who have submitted a Governors' application form. All internal candidates are subject to an interview with the headteacher to discuss future plans and assess suitability for AS/A2 studies.

</doc>
<doc id="9712670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712670" title="Eurocities">
Eurocities

EUROCITIES is a group of European cities, founded in 1986 by the mayors of Barcelona, Birmingham, Frankfurt, Lyon, Milan, and Rotterdam. The 1989 Barcelona conference agreed that a key task was to put the issue of cities and their economic, political and social development onto the European agenda.
In 2011 the network includes more than 135 European cities from 34 different countries, and most European capital-cities have joined. The EUROCITIES secretariat is based in Brussels, Belgium. The founders suggested that major European cities could benefit from forming such an association. They intended to form a political platform to act as a channel for communicating with the European institutions and to become recognised as significant partners in the European community and each member's state.
Activities.
EUROCITIES works along three complementary strands of activities:
Membership criteria.
Membership of Eurocities is open to any European city with a population of 250,000 or more. Cities within the European Union become full members, and other European cities become associate members. Local authorities of smaller cities, and organisations not eligible to become full or associate members, can become associated partners. Companies and businesses are allowed to become associated business partners.

</doc>
<doc id="9712675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712675" title="Leon Strickland">
Leon Strickland

Leon Strickland (born 20 July 1982 in Jamaica) is a Jamaican professional football player who plays as a striker, he currently plays for Arnett Gardens in the Jamaican National Premier League.
Career.
He was Arnett Gardens' top goalscorer in the 2006/2007 season. In January 2008 he joined Waterhouse F.C. but halfway next season he rejoined Arnett.
International career.
Strickland made his debut for Jamaica in a November 2006 friendly match against Peru, coming on as a late substitute for Jamal Campbell-Ryce.

</doc>
<doc id="9712705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712705" title="Jiang Huan (Fengshen Yanyi)">
Jiang Huan (Fengshen Yanyi)

Jiang Huan (Chinese: 姜环; Pinyin: Jiāng Huán) is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel "Fengshen Yanyi". 
Jiang Huan is the younger brother of Queen Jiang, the original wife of King Zhou. At one point in time following the Queen Jiang arc, Jiang Huan would appear before Grand Counselor Fei Zhong and claim that he had been living within Fei Zhong's household for over five years. Once Fei Zhong told Jiang Huan the evil plot to kill the queen, Jiang would reply with the words: ""My lord, your wish is my duty even if I have to go through fire and boiling oil. I will carry out your wish without a moment of hesitation!"" As planned, one day Jiang Huan would run in front of the king, while passing through the Nine Dragon Bridge and claim that he must kill him so that Queen Jiang's father, the Grand Duke of the East would attain kingship. Jiang Huan would be captured but would avoid harm due to Daji and the lack of information. 
Once Queen Jiang had already been falsely tortured within her palace, and Concubine Huang continuously appeared before the king to plead for her majesty's life, the accused Jiang Huan was told to confront the queen. Once the queen saw Jiang Huan before her, and barked many words of great anger, Jiang Huan would sarcastically respond, ""Oh, my Queen. You were the one who ordered me to do it! Could I not obey? This is a fact. Don't you deny it!"" Once the two young princes appeared and the queen, in a large pool of blood, said her final words of regret to avenge the cruelty placed on her, the Crown Prince would charge at Jiang Huan with his sword and cut him in two; thus, with blood splattered across the walls, Jiang Huan would meet his end.

</doc>
<doc id="9712711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712711" title="William Garbutt">
William Garbutt

William Thomas Garbutt (9 January 1883 – 24 February 1964) born in Hazel Grove, Stockport, most commonly known as Willy Garbutt was an English football player, and later a prominent coaching figure in Italian and Spanish football after his retirement. Although his achievements are not widely known in his home country, Garbutt was the model for professional managers in Italy. 
Garbutt laid the foundations of skilled coaching in Italian football; winning three league championships with Genoa CFC, he also managed S.S.C. Napoli for a period and was the first ever manager of A.S. Roma. Garbutt also had success in Spain where he coached Atletico Bilbao to victory in La Liga.
Biography.
Garbutt was born, the son of a carpenter in a small village near Stockport. His family was large, sharing his home with his parents, grandmother, six older sisters and a younger brother. Joining the army at a young age, the young William Garbutt first played football there for the Royal Artillery.
After returning from duties, he began his club football playing career with Reading during the 1903 season and played for them in the Southern League, before leaving in December 1905.
The young winger moved to join Woolwich Arsenal for two seasons, and made his debut in a First Division match away to Preston North End on 23 December 1905, which finished 2–2. He made 80 appearances for the London club in three years, including 52 in the League, despite injuries ruling him out of much of the 1906–07 season. He was part of the Arsenal side that reached two FA Cup semi-finals in successive seasons; however he was eventually displaced by Jackie Mordue and after spending much of 1907–08 in the reserves he left for Blackburn Rovers in May 1908.
He spent four seasons playing for Blackburn, making 82 league appearances and reaching another FA Cup semi-final; he also won a cap playing for the Football League XI. He may have returned to Woolwich Arsenal briefly for a second spell in 1911–12, but this is not recorded in official club histories and he definitely did not play a senior-level match during this time. His playing career having been blighted by injuries, he retired from playing in 1912, aged 29.
Genoa: Impact on Italian football.
He moved to Genoa, Italy (which is described as the most English town in Italy), to work on the docks after retiring from playing football, in order to support his family. 
He was appointed as the new head coach of Genoa CFC on 30 July 1912, with no previous experience and only aged 29. It is not clear how he came to be their manager, some reports say he was recommended by Vittorio Pozzo; who would go on to coach Italy to two World Cups. Others state it was Genoa's youth coach, an Irishman named Thomas Coggins, who pushed for Garbutt's appointment.
Garbutt restructured the training regimes, putting a heavy emphasis on players physical fitness and tactics. This was not the only part of managing in Italy that Garbutt set the proto-type for; he conducted Italy's first ever paid player transfers, where he signed two players from Andrea Doria and one from A.C. Milan. As well as making Genoa the first Italian football club to play outside of Italy; thanks to his connections back home in England he was able to take Genoa to play his old club Reading.
From when Garbutt first took over in 1912, until 1927 when he left the club, Genoa were victorious in the Italian Football Championship three different times; 1915, 1923 and 1924. The latter of which to this day, is the last time Genoa won the Serie A championship.
Post-Genoa adventures.
On 22 July 1927 a new club was founded from the merger of numerous clubs in Italy's capital of Rome, the new club in question was A.S. Roma and Garbutt was brought in as their first ever manager. He stayed there for only two years but captured a tournament named Coppa CONI with them, as well as helping them reach third in group A of the Italian Football Championship.
Garbutt moved on next to Naples, taking over from Giovanni Terrile at S.S.C. Napoli. It was a legendary time for the club with stars such as Attila Sallustro and Antonio Vojak. This groundbreaking time for Napoli saw new club records set for the time, with them finishing third in both 1932–33 and 1933–34 seasons of Serie A. Napoli would not achieve this again until the 1960s.
In search of a new adventure, Garbutt moved to Spain in 1935. He took up the position as manager of Athletic Bilbao, leading them to the Spanish Championship which they won over Real Madrid by two points. He returned to Italy in 1937, taking over very briefly at A.C. Milan.
Later years.
William Garbutt soon moved back to the club where he was held in such high regard; Genoa. Since Garbutt had left in the 1920s, Genoa had gone into a slump even being relegated at one point. But with Garbutt back at the helm he coached the club back up to 3rd in his first season back.
His return would be short lived however, as a British citizen he was exiled under Benito Mussolini's fascists and returned home to England. After the end of World War II, Garbutt returned to Genoa for a third time and then returned home. He died during 1964 in Warwick.

</doc>
<doc id="9712744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712744" title="Jane Perlez">
Jane Perlez

Jane Perlez is a long time foreign correspondent for "The New York Times" currently serving as Chief Diplomatic Correspondent in China where she is writing about China's role in the world, and the competition between the United States and China, particularly in Asia. Ms. Perlez arrived in Beijing in February 2012 to take up the newly created post. 
Ms. Perlez won the Pulitzer Prize in 2009 for coverage of the war against the Taliban and al Qaeda in Pakistan and Afghanistan, a lead member of the group of New York Times reporters included in the prize for international reporting that year.
At the start of her career as a foreign correspondent, Ms. Perlez was a Pulitzer finalist for coverage of the famine in Somalia, and the dispatch of American forces.
Ms. Perlez served as bureau chief in Nairobi, Kenya from 1988 to 1992 when civil wars were raging in Sudan, Ethiopia and Somalia. In 1993, Ms. Perlez became bureau chief in Warsaw, Poland, writing about the emergence of Central Europe from grip of the Cold War. In 1996, she moved to Vienna, a base for covering the Serbian leader, Slobodan Milosevic, and his aggression against Kosovo. As Chief Diplomatic Correspondent based in Washington, Ms. Perlez traveled with Secretary of State, Madeleine K. Albright, to Asia, Europe and Africa, and covered Secretary Colin Powell during his first year in the job. In 2002, Ms. Perlez moved to Jakarta, Indonesia, where she first noted the rise of China and its impact on Southeast Asia, a series of articles that were among the first to document China's increasing influence in the region. For a series of articles on gold mining in Indonesia and in Peru, and the deleterious impact of the mining on local communities, she won the Overseas Press Club award for environmental reporting.
During four years based in Islamabad, Pakistan, Ms. Perlez wrote about the rising tensions between the United States and Pakistan, and the deep underlying differences between the two countries that were officially allies in the war on terror. Her articles included reporting on the Inter Services Intelligence and the Pakistani army, as well as on the Taliban, and their ability to strike at the core of Pakistan's institutions. Several articles pin pointed the involvement of the Pakistani army and intelligence service in extra judicial killings, including the murder of a Pakistani journalist in 2011.
Born in London, Ms. Perlez grew up in Australia, and graduated from the University of Sydney. In 1967, she traveled to China with a group of Australian students who went for a vacation but ended up spending three weeks in the middle of the Cultural Revolution. She got her first taste of the United States during an American Field Service scholarship in the mid-60s, and after three years in her first journalism job - at "The Australian" newspaper - she left Australia for New York in 1972. There she joined "The New York Post" to cover politics, leaving when Rupert Murdoch bought the newspaper in 1977. She worked briefly at the "SoHo Weekly News", writing a media and political column, and then for a year long stint, joined "The New York Daily News". Ms. Perlez began her career at "The New York Times" in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9712745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712745" title="Valery Kipelov">
Valery Kipelov

Valery Alexandrovich Kipelov (Валерий Александрович Кипелов (born July 12, 1958), is a Russian music artist and composer, who was the vocalist of the heavy metal band Aria. Since 2002, Valery leads his own heavy metal band Kipelov.
Early biography.
Valery Kipelov was born in 1958 at Kapotnya, Moscow, in Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. During his childhood, he studied at music school as an accordionist. His first step in music was singing in the amateur band 'Krestyanskie Deti' (Farmer Children), which played at parties and weddings. After military service in 1978-1980 Valery joined the folk ensemble 'Shestero Molodykh' (Six Young Men), where he met Nikolay Rastorguev (who went on to form Lubeh). In September 1980 Kipelov and Rastorguev continued their career in 'Leysa, Pyesnya' (Go on, Song). But in 1985 the band was officially disbanded due to failing to complete the planned program, and Valery joined 'Poyushchie Serdtsa' (Singing Hearts), produced by Victor Vekshtein. When Holstinin and Granovsky, members of 'Poyushchie Serdtsa', decided to start their heavy metal project, Valery was invited to be its vocalist.
Personal life.
Valery is married to Galina Kipelova. They have two children: Joan (02-08-1980, a music conductor), and Alexander (03-16-1989, a student of the Cello at Gnesin School). He also has two grandchildren: Anastasia Vladimirovna Komarova (08-14-2001) and Sonia Vladimirovna Komarova (04-30-2009).
Years in Aria.
The voice of Kipelov was one of the major reasons of band's success, though in first two albums he wrote just two songs (both slow ballads). After the breakup in 1987, Kipelov and Holstinin were the only two members who stayed with Vekshtein. Sergey Mavrin was invited into the new lineup to play guitar and Vitaly Dubinin joined on bass.
During the Germany tour 1994, Kipelov's relations with Holstinin and Dubinin became tense. He ceased appearing at Aria's studio and was fired from the band. Then Mavrin refused to play without Kipelov and left the band, too. After participating in a few of Master's concerts, Valery tried to form a band of his own, but later returned to Aria following the threat from MOROZ Records to sue the band for breach of contract.
Sergey Mavrin offered Kipelov to record together a combined album, which might include their songs, refused by Aria or not fit for its style. In 1997 they released the LP entitled 'Kipelov and Mavrin - Smutnoye Vremia' (Time of Troubles), which included 10 tracks. This album helped Mavrin to launch his project 'Mavrik' with vocalist Artur Berkut next year.
In 2002, after the successful release of 'Himera' followed by sold-out tours and headlining the NASHEstvie festival, Kipelov refused to start recording the new album, already written by Dubinin and Holstinin. He stated his wish to start a solo career. He was supported by two of his Aria bandmates Sergey Terentyev and Alexander Maniakin, as well as by the band's manager Rina Lee, opposing the band's leaders Vitaly Dubinin and Vladimir Holstinin, and the producer Yuri Sokolov. This disagreement broke Aria apart after 'Judgement Day', August 31, 2002.
Kipelov (band).
On September 1, 2002, the day after Kipelov left Aria, Kipelov, Terentyev, Mavrin and Maniakin launched the new band, named Kipelov (named at Terentyev's suggestion as the bandmembers couldn't come up with any better name). In 2003 they released the live album 'Put Naverh' (Way to the Top), recorded in Saint Petersburg. It contained Aria's songs by Kipelov, Terentyev and Mavrin as well as 'Smutnoye Vremia' songs. Ballad 'Ya Svoboden' (I am Free) became the top hit in Russian rock charts. The 'golden' voice of Kipelov enticed many Aria fans to his new project.
Terentyev, and later Mavrin left Kipelov in next two years, explaining that the band was too slow in releasing the new album. Since 2002 to 2005 the only new release was 'Babylon' EP. To record his new album, Valery invited the famous Victor Smolski. Kipelov's first LP, 'Reki Vremen' (Rivers of Time), came out in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="9712746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712746" title="Badruka College">
Badruka College

Badruka College of Commerce and Arts (BCCA) is a school in Hyderabad, India.
Founding.
In 1950, a proposal for establishing a commerce college in the Hindi medium was mooted by a few philanthropists including Raja Bankatlal Badruka and Sri Pannalal Pittie. Nawab Ali Yawar Jung Bahadur, the then Vice Chancellor of Osmania University, appreciated the initiative and suggested that a college be started in English or Urdu medium with an endowment fund of Rs. 2.5 lakhs. Raja Bankatlal donated the amount and obtained the approval to start a college with Intermediate Section in English medium. The first exclusive institution for students of commerce came into existence on 1950-08-02 and was inaugurated by Sri M K Vellodi, ICS, the then Vice Chancellor of Osmania University.
Initially, the trustees of Seth Gopikishan Educational and Charitable Trust were managing the activities of the College. In 1966, Seth Ghasiram Gopikishan Badruka Educational Society was established and was registered under Public Society Registration Act. Over the years, the Society's educational activities expanded. Today, there are 9 institutions of higher learning, managed by the Society covering such diverse areas as Information Technology, Economics, Commerce, Management, Chartered Accountancy, Vocational courses, Music & Dance.
Golden jubilee year.
The year 2000-2001 was the Golden Jubilee year for the Badruka Educational Society. The establishment celebrated that over the years, more than 50,000 students have passed through the portals of Badruka Society and some of the alumni are occupying high positions in India and abroad.

</doc>
<doc id="9712753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712753" title="Clergy Act 1640">
Clergy Act 1640

The Clergy Act 1640 (also known as the Bishops Exclusion Act or the Clerical Disabilities Act) (16 Car. I, c.27) was an Act of Parliament of the Parliament of England passed in 1642 by the Long Parliament.
Preamble.
As the 1630s progressed, there was increasing dissatisfaction with Charles I's attempts at personal rule, and at the perceived connivance of the bishops. The mood in the country was for the Anglican episcopal system of church government to be replaced with local government by presbyters, either on the Scottish or the English model. Charles raised the temperature when he raised his standard in the Bishops' Wars, which attempted to impose an episcopacy in Scotland. The result in England was the Root and Branch petition, and in the House of Commons, a series of Constitutional reforms to stem the power of the monarch, once and for all: 
Though there had been general support for these measures in the House of Commons, in the House of Lords the Bishops opposed the Acts.
Imprisonment of the Twelve Bishops.
The Bishops Exclusion Bill, which intended the expulsion of the Bishops from the House of Lords, was a direct response to the Bishops’ opposition to the Constitutional reforms that had been passed by the lower house. While awaiting the Royal Assent, some MPs, led by John Pym, encouraged the London mob to prevent the Bishops attending on 27–29 December 1641. There were riots in Westminster against bishops, and papists too. On 30 December, John Williams (archbishop of York) drew up a protest complaining about the legality of laws passed in the House of Lords while they were thus excluded from attending. As well as Williams, eleven other bishops signed the protest. The Commons demanded the arrest and imprisonment of all twelve, who were sent to the Tower as traitors.
Bishops Exclusion Bill.
The Bishops Exclusion Bill had been passed in the House of Commons in March 1641, but was rejected in the House of Lords. Charles I had been sympathetic to the bishops' plight, but the polarised atmosphere of pre-civil war politics, only encouraged a majority of both Houses to pass the Bishops Exclusion Act in February 1642. According to John Rushworth ("Historical Collections") the word Roundhead was first used on 27 December 1641 by a disbanded officer named David Hide, who during a riot is reported to have drawn his sword and said he would "cut the throat of those round-headed dogs that bawled against bishops."
Effect of Act.
The Act prevented those in holy orders from exercising any temporal jurisdiction or authority after the 5 February 1641 O.S.; this extended to taking a seat in Parliament or the Privy Council. Any acts carried out with such authority after that date by a member of the clergy were to be considered void. The Act was later repealed by the Clergy Act 1661.

</doc>
<doc id="9712757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712757" title="Mayfield School">
Mayfield School

Mayfield School may refer to these schools in:
in England:
in the United States:
in Canada:

</doc>
<doc id="9712773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712773" title="HOT-2">
HOT-2

HOT-2, or 2,5-dimethoxy-4-(β-ethylthio)-N-hydroxyphenethylamine is a psychedelic phenethylamine of the 2C family. It was presumably first synthesized by Alexander Shulgin and reported in his book "PiHKAL (Phenethylamines i Have Known And Loved)".
Chemistry.
HOT-2's full chemical name is 2-[4-(2-ethylthio)-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl–N–hydroxyethanamine. It has structural properties similar to 2C-T-2 and to other drugs in the HOT- series, with the most closely related compounds being HOT-7 and HOT-17.
General information.
The dosage range of HOT-2 is typically 10-18 mg and its duration is approximately 6–10 hours according to Shulgin. HOT-2 produces visuals and moving, flowing lights. It also causes euphoria and increases blood pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="9712781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712781" title="Shawn Sawyers">
Shawn Sawyers

Shawn Sawyers (born 19 September 1976 in Jamaica) is a Jamaican professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper, in 2010 he transferred from Portmore United to Humble Lions F.C. in the Jamaican National Premier League.
International career.
Sawyers made his debut for Jamaica in a May 2002 friendly match against Nigeria, coming on as a substitute for Aaron Lawrence. He has served as the long-time number two keeper for Jamaica. He has collected 29 caps since, his last international match being the February 2009 in a friendly match in London versus Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="9712790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712790" title="Bjoren">
Bjoren

SS "Bjoren" is a wood-fuelled steamboat that travels the route between Byglandsfjord-Bygland and Bygland-Ose on the lake Byglandsfjorden in the municipality of Bygland in the Setesdal valley. It runs on Sundays in July.
Using wood as fuel is a natural choice as there was, and still is, good local access to it. Using wood to fuel the steam engine contributes to make "Bjoren" a unique part of Norway's cultural heritage and a floating technical museum.
History.
The steamer "Bjoren" was built at Akers Mechanical works in 1866. She was long and had a engine. In 1897, the boat was extended by and in 1914 she was further extended by . She had a new boiler installed and new engine that produced . Today the boat is long and weighs . She is certified for up to a maximum of 55 passengers.
In the early years "Bjoren" was in regular use at a place called Kilefjorden, a part of the river Otra. A narrow gauge railroad was opened in 1896 and as a direct cause of this she was moved to her present location in Byglandsfjord, about north in the valley Setesdal where she was in service until 1957. In the 1920s, buses took most of the traffic in the valley and eventually, when a new road was built in the 1950s, the traffic reasons for the steamer was gone. The boat was put in storage, deterioration started and eventually she sunk.
Bjoren's next life.
In the 1970s, a group of local enthusiasts decided to make an attempt to preserve the boat. As the boat was counted as part of Norwegian history, the government saw its interests and they helped with the funding. The boat was restored at "Drammen Shiprepairs A/S" and in 1994 was once again ready to be used.
Today, "Bjoren" is owned and run by the company "Bjoren AS". In addition, the local group called "Bjorens venner" (Friends of Bjoren) put a lot of effort into preserving the technical values of the boat. "Bjoren" is still receiving government funding and, as the world's only existing wood-fuelled steamboat still in service, she is a unique attraction to both tourists and others.

</doc>
<doc id="9712824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712824" title="Corvette captain">
Corvette captain

Corvette captain is a rank in many navies which theoretically corresponds to command of a corvette (small warship). The equivalent rank in the United Kingdom, Commonwealth and USA is lieutenant commander. The Royal Canadian Navy uses bilingual ranks with "capitaine de corvette" being the French equivalent of Lieutenant commander.
Notable users of the rank of corvette captain in Europe include the navies of France, Germany, Italy and Spain. Other users include many Latin American countries.
While the NATO rank code is OF-3 the official translation of the rank as per NATO STANAG 2116 varies between "commander junior grade" and "commander" (with the next senior rank being translated as "commander senior grade"). Some NATO members class their corvette captains as OF-4 when they are serving afloat.
The Russian/Soviet equivalent is "captain, 3rd grade" ("капита́н 3-го р́анга").
Germany.
"Korvettenkapitän" is an OF3 rank equivalent to the Major (en: Major) in Heer and Luftwaffe. The U.S. Navy's rank of Lieutenant commander is equal to "Korvettenkapitän" in NATO's military hierarchy (classed as OF-3). 
Rank insignia includes three stripes on shoulder boards (or rings on sleeves). 

</doc>
<doc id="9712827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712827" title="Girl in Blue">
Girl in Blue

Girl in Blue is a 2001 novel by Ann Rinaldi. It is a historical fiction that takes place during 1861, during the American Civil War. "It starts with a girl who lives on a farm near a small village in Michigan in the 1860s. She loves horses. Her father is abusive and wants her to marry an abusive neighbor who had several children. She runs away to Flint, Michigan to stay with an aunt, and then ships out with a regiment to fight in the Civil War as a man. She ends up working in a hospital as a gopher. She fights in the first Bull Run. She shoots a man and ends up falling asleep to men who die in the night. She goes on a mission for the doctor she works for to get medicine from a doctor he knows on the Southern side. She meets the doctor's wife who ends up shooting her and eventually reports her as female to the Union. The doctor says she can no longer be a soldier, but he's friends with Pinkerton and may work as a spy. After she is trained her mission is to be a maid in Rose Greenhow's house. She is to find a diary. She finds the diary with the help of Rose Greenhow's daughter and Capt. Sheldon. She falls in love with the Capt. She turns him in as a spy when she catches Rose in his arms. He's not. He ignores her. She's depressed again. Goes home to Michigan to see her family, but is dressed as a man. Dad's dead, died in an 'accident.' Sister is going to marry the man who was supposed to marry the main character before she ran off. Main character, Sarah, goes back to Pinkerton Agency in Washington D.C." 
References.
Really good book

</doc>
<doc id="9712836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712836" title="Greg Myre">
Greg Myre

John Gregory Myre is an American journalist and NPR's digital editor for international news. Previously, he was a foreign correspondent for The Associated Press and The New York Times for 20 years. He reported from Jerusalem from 2003 to 2007 for "The New York Times". With the AP, Myre was based in Jerusalem, Moscow, Nicosia, Islamabad and Johannesburg. He covered many major international stories, including Nelson Mandela's release from prison in 1990, the Gulf War of 1991, the rise of the Taliban, the early days of Vladimir Putin as Russia's leader, the Israeli-Palestinian fighting that erupted in 2000 and the U.S. war in Afghanistan.
Personal.
Myre is married to Jennifer Griffin. the national security correspondent for Fox News Channel. They wrote This Burning Land:
Lessons From The Front Lines Of The Transformed Israeli-Palestinian Conflict published in 2011. Myre is the son of Carole and John Myre from Chesterfield, Missouri. His mother is a psychotherapist and his father is a retired as the director of risk management in St. Louis. His father also publishes a newsletter called Safetyline.
Education.
Myre obtained his degree from Yale University.
Career.
He worked as a foreign correspondent for 20 years and reported from more than 50 countries. His work focused on wars and conflicts throughout the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and the former Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="9712870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712870" title="Top Valley">
Top Valley

Top Valley is a largely residential area in the north west of Nottingham, England. It is located to the south of Rise Park, to the north and west of Bestwood, to the southwest of Bestwood Village and to the east of Bulwell. It is approximately 4 miles from Nottingham City Centre.
Politics.
Top Valley is represented by Nottingham City Council and has three Labour party councillors. It lies in the Nottingham North constituency and has been represented by Labour Party M.P. Graham Allen since 1987. In the 2010 elections, he retained the seat with a majority of 8138.
Schools.
Secondary schools serving the area include Big Wood School on Bewcastle Road and Top Valley Academy on Top Valley Drive.

</doc>
<doc id="9712884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712884" title="Rittenhouse">
Rittenhouse

Rittenhouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9712886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712886" title="Ferdi Vierklau">
Ferdi Vierklau

Ferdinand 'Ferdi' Rudols Marcel Vierklau (born 1 April 1973 in Bilthoven, Utrecht) is a Dutch retired footballer who played as a right defender.
Club career.
In his country, Vierklau played for FC Utrecht (1991–96), Vitesse Arnhem (1996–97) and AFC Ajax (January 1999–2003), appearing in 185 Eredivisie games over the course of eleven seasons and scoring five goals. With the Amsterdam outfit he won the double in the 2001–02 season, but was already a fringe player at the time.
Vierklau also played one 1/2 seasons with CD Tenerife in Spain, being relegated in his second year in La Liga and subsequently returning to Ajax. He retired at the age of 30.
International career.
Vierklau gained two caps for the Netherlands, in a period of eight months. His debut was on 5 October 1996, as he played 71 minutes in a 3–1 away win against Wales in the 1998 FIFA World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="9712892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712892" title="Espoo railway station">
Espoo railway station

Espoo railway station (, ) is a railway station located in the district of Espoon keskus in the city of Espoo, Finland. It is located between the stations of Tuomarila and Kauklahti, about from the Helsinki Central railway station.
Espoo is the only station in Espoo city that also serves long-distance trains. It was built in 1903 according to plans by the architect Bruno Granholm. The station was expanded in 1909.
The station building has many ornamental details. The station acted as the Espoo station building from 1903 to 1981 and the post office was also moved to the station as soon as it was finished, when the offices of the stationmaster and post officer were combined. Nowadays, the Espoo station is located on the bridge over the tracks and the post office is located to the south of the tracks.
Connections.
Bus routes:
18, 18Z, 19, 27, 27V, 31, 42, 42A, 81, 81V, 82, 82B, 82K, 82KB, 82T, 85, 85A, 86, 86H, 86T, 87, 87A, 87K, 87KA, 154, 154T, 156, 213, 213T, 270, 270A, 270N, 530, 535, 40, P62, P80, P81, P82, P83, P84, P85, 210N
The station environment.
The old station building has been present for over a century, but the tracks on both sides of it have changed. The tunnel through the city rock wasn't there originally, instead the tracks went past the rock on the north side, at Läntinen jokitie. Also the cut face on the east side of the rock was made later. A road named "Vanha ratavalli" goes along the old route of the tracks. At both places, traces of the tracks' old route could be seen in the ground as late as winter 2004.
Platforms.
Platform one serves trains towards Kirkkonummi. On the other side of the platform is also a bus stop and a taxi station.
The middle platform is divided into platforms two and three. Platform two serves trains from Kirkkonummi to Helsinki. Platforms three and four used to serve E trains to Helsinki but are currently unused after E trains' terminus was moved further to Kauklahti.
On the other side of platform four is the Espoo market square and a turning point for buses going northwards, and also the Espoontori shopping centre.
An extension of the Leppävaara city railway has been proposed to reach the Espoo station to be able to increase local train traffic on the "rantarata" (Helsinki-Turku) tracks between Helsinki and Espoo.

</doc>
<doc id="9712908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712908" title="Polar Sun Spire">
Polar Sun Spire

Polar Sun Spire is a peak in the Sam Ford Fjord of Baffin Island, Canada. The spire is notable for its spectacular north face and has been the scene of some amazing epic climbs. The first ascent was made in 1996 by Mark Synnott, Jeff Chapman and Warren Hollinger and involved a tremendous effort. The team spent a full month on the climb and summited after 36 consecutive nights in a portaledge. They encountered difficulties up to A4 and named their 34-pitch route "The Great and Secret Show." A Norwegian team established another impressive line in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="9712925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712925" title="A Memory of Two Mondays">
A Memory of Two Mondays

A Memory of Two Mondays is a one-act play by Arthur Miller.
Based on Miller's own experiences, the play focuses on a group of desperate workers earning their livings in a Brooklyn automobile parts warehouse during the Great Depression in the 1930s, a time of 25 percent unemployment in the United States. Concentrating more on character than plot, it explores the dreams of a young man yearning for a college education in the midst of people stumbling through the workday in a haze of hopelessness and despondency. Three of the characters in the story have severe problems with alcoholism.
Paired with the original one-act version of "A View from the Bridge", the first Broadway production, directed by Martin Ritt, opened on September 29, 1955 at the Coronet Theatre, where it ran for 149 performances. The cast included Van Heflin, J. Carrol Naish, Jack Warden, Eileen Heckart, and Richard Davalos, who won the Theatre World Award for his performance.
In 1959, Miller adapted the play for an ITV broadcast starring Alan Bates.
Miller adapted the play for a 1971 television movie directed by Paul Bogart. The cast included George Grizzard, Barnard Hughes, Estelle Parsons, Catherine Burns, Jerry Stiller, J. D. Cannon, Harvey Keitel, Tony Lo Bianco, Kristoffer Tabori, Dick Van Patten, and Jack Warden.
After seven previews, a Broadway revival directed by Arvin Brown opened on January 26, 1976 at the Playhouse Theatre where, paired this time with "27 Wagons Full of Cotton" by Tennessee Williams, it ran for 67 performances. The cast included Thomas Hulce, John Lithgow, Tony Musante, Meryl Streep, and Joe Grifasi.

</doc>
<doc id="9712940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712940" title="Stone Crabs">
Stone Crabs

The stone crab refers to a crustacean native to North American coastal waters.
It may also refer to a minor league baseball team, affiliated with the Tampa Bay Rays.

</doc>
<doc id="9712947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712947" title="Greater Nagoya Initiative">
Greater Nagoya Initiative

[Greater Nagoya Initiative][http://www.greaternagoya.org/](GNI) is one of the Japan's local revitalization projects inaugurated by Chubu bureau of Economy, Trade and Industry. The purpose of GNI is to promote the industry and the economy in Greater Nagoya area so as to attract companies, technology, people, and information to foreign companies to invest in the area. The initiative is operated by Greater Nagoya Initiative Center (GNIC). The region's municipalities, business communities, academia, research institutes have joined in the GNI and about 400 companies and organizations belong to the GNI Partners Club. Currently the GNI is supported and co-hosted by three prefectures (Aichi, Gifu, Mie), 24 municipalities, and 12 business organizations as well as the Japan External Trade Organization (JETRO), and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI).
Greater Nagoya Area.
In this area within 80–100 km radius of Nagoya, the clusters of the Chukyo Industrial Area are where the Japanese motor, aerospace, electronics, and machine tool industry are highly concentrated.

</doc>
<doc id="9712951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712951" title="Rapoldi-Weiher">
Rapoldi-Weiher

The Rapoldi-Weiher lies in the park with the same name in the district "Pradl" in "Innsbruck". It was erected as recreation area. With an area size of 1.5 ha the Lake is a larger waters in the city area. 
The Lake possesses an artificial feed pipe, which takes the water from the Sill River subterraneously and supplies the Lake with it. An outflow with 70 metres length leads the water back into the river. Nevertheless the Lake is soiling more and more. Algae spread sporadically and make the water brown. The critical C grade quality is an alarm signal for the city administration to take actions in time before the Lake turns into a dead zone. The Lake is a protected living space for various kind of ducks and carps though.

</doc>
<doc id="9712961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712961" title="Tatham, Lancashire">
Tatham, Lancashire

Tatham is a village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster in Lancashire, England. It has a population of 393.
A large part of the parish of Tatham is an upland area, known as Tatham Fells, which includes the largest settlement in Tatham, Lowgill; its highest point, at Ward's Stone; and the Great Stone of Fourstones, known locally as "The Big Stone".

</doc>
<doc id="9712976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712976" title="Sandy Dillon">
Sandy Dillon

Sandy Dillon is an American singer and songwriter.
Born near Cape Cod, Sandy Dillon studied Orchestral Composition at Berklee College of Music in Boston, before moving to New York where she lived at the Chelsea Hotel. She played Janis Joplin on Broadway in ‘Rock n Roll: The First 5,000 Years’ where she was spotted by Tony DeFries, who had managed both David Bowie and Iggy Pop. Defries steered her to Elektra, for whom she recorded two (unreleased) albums "Candy From A Stranger" (produced by Man Parrish) and "Flowers" (co-produced by Mick Ronson and Dieter Meier) (Previewed in Ronnie Scotts alongside Mick Ronson on guitar).
Dillon moved to London where she met her husband Steve Bywater, who was a member of the "Churchfitters" (also known as the Blue Lighthouse Brigade in alternate form) alongside Pete Brown (bass and sax) Geoff Coombs (Mandolin,whistles and Vocals) and Angus Wallace (Guitar and vocals). Steve Bywaters subsequently went on to produce several of Dillons albums. She signed to One Little Indian for whom she recorded "Electric Chair". In 2000 she released "Las Vegas Is Cursed", a collaboration with Hector Zazou and "East Overshoe". in 2001 Steve Bywater died as a Thalidomide victim. Dillon went on and recorded "Nobody’s Sweetheart", was the first of Dillon's albums to be released in the US in 2003. At that time Dillon had to go to hospital because of a combination of cancer, MRSA virus and autoimmune disease. After being released from hospital she recorded the album "Pull the Strings", which was released in 2006. Her most recent record is "Living in Dreams", recorded in Germany together with her new husband Ray Majors (Mott The Hoople, The Yardbirds) and produced by David Coulter. Dillon and Majors also contributed vocals and guitar to Sisters Euclids album "96 Tears", a collection of cover versions.

</doc>
<doc id="9712985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712985" title="Bransles">
Bransles

Bransles is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Branslois, Bransloises".

</doc>
<doc id="9712986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712986" title="Tears from a Willow">
Tears from a Willow

"Tears from a Willow" is a song by Ooberman, released as the third single from their debut album "The Magic Treehouse". It was released by Independiente in October 1999. In the song's radio edit, a reference to LSD was removed, but remained intact on the single itself. The radio edit has never been released commercially, but can be heard in the song's video. It charted at #62 on the UK Singles Chart.
B-side "Moth to a Flame" was recently voted the best Ooberman song ever by users of the band's online forum.

</doc>
<doc id="9712988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712988" title="Cowlairs F.C.">
Cowlairs F.C.

Cowlairs Football Club was a 19th-century football club from Glasgow, Scotland. One of the founder members of the Scottish Football League in 1890, the club was based in Cowlairs, in the Springburn area of the city.
History.
Cowlairs FC was formed in 1876 by craftsmen from the Hyde Park and Cowlairs railway workshops in Springburn, in an area that was growing rapidly due to its importance to Glasgow's railway industry. In its early years, it was a member of the Glasgow FA and was looked on as a junior club. This was at a time when "junior" clubs were simply smaller and of limited standing in the game, and prior to the establishment of a separate Junior grade of competition. The club entered the Scottish Cup for the first time in 1880–81, reaching the fourth round.
By the latter part of the decade, Cowlairs' reputation was growing. In 1886–87 they entered the English FA Cup (which was open to Scottish clubs at this time), ironically losing out to fellow Glaswegians Rangers in their only match. The club had players of sufficient standing in this period to have two of their number gain international recognition for Scotland: Tom McInnes, capped once in 1889, and John McPherson, who won two of his nine caps while at Cowlairs, in 1889 and 1890.
Cowlairs was one of the clubs which together formed the Scottish League, but finished bottom of the table at the end of its first season, not helped by having four points deducted for fielding ineligible players. With the club also facing accusations of professionalism (which had yet to be legalised in Scottish football) following an inspection of clubs' books by the League, it was unsurprising that Cowlairs was unsuccessful in its re-election vote, losing out to Leith Athletic. Despite not being in any league competition the following season, the club enjoyed its longest Scottish Cup run, losing to Celtic in the quarter finals.
For season 1892–93, Cowlairs joined the Scottish Alliance, finishing as champions. Although they club failed to be elected back to the top flight of the Scottish League at the season's end, it was instead chosen to join the new Division Two for season 1893–94. Cowlairs were joined by relegated clubs Clyde and Abercorn, Scottish Alliance League sides Thistle, Greenock Morton, Motherwell, Northern, Partick Thistle and Port Glasgow Athletic plus Edinburgh club Hibernian. Cowlairs lost 1–0 in the final of the 1894 Glasgow Cup to Rangers.
Cowlairs' return to League football started well, securing runners-up spot that season to Hibernian, although it was not elected to Division Onein the ballot. It continued to be beset by financial and administrative problems, however, and after another last-placed finish in 1895, it was once again voted out of League membership. This effectively brought an end to Cowlairs' brief career, the club closing down in 1896.
Colours.
Cowlairs utilised a wide variety of colour schemes in its short existence, including:
Stadium.
1876–1890: Gourlay Park.
1890–1895: Springfield Park.
1895–1896: Arrol Park.
Honours.
Scottish League Division 2
Runners up - 1893/94
Scottish Alliance League
Champions - 1892/93
Runners up - 1891/92
Glasgow Cup
Runners up - 1894
North Eastern Cup
Winners - 1883, 1884, 1886, 1887, 1888, 1889
Runners up - 1894

</doc>
<doc id="9712992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9712992" title="Outflow">
Outflow

Outflow (contrasted with inflow) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9713003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713003" title="Hrimthursum">
Hrimthursum

Hrimthursum is the fifth full-length album by Swedish blackened death metal band Necrophobic. It was released on Regain Records in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="9713010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713010" title="Charles Kains Jackson">
Charles Kains Jackson

Charles Philip Castle Kains Jackson (1857-1933) was an English poet closely associated with the Uranian school.
Biography.
Beginning in 1888, in addition to a career as a lawyer, he served as editor for the periodical "The Artist and Journal of Home Culture", which became something of an official periodical for the movement. In it, he praised such artists as Henry Scott Tuke (to whom he dedicated a homo-erotic sonnet entitled "Sonnet on a picture by Tuke") and Henry Oliver Walker. He also befriended such similar-minded contemporaries as Frederick William Rolfe, Lord Alfred Douglas and John Addington Symonds.
The homosexual and pederastic aspects of "The Artist and Journal of Home Culture" declined after the replacement of Kains Jackson as an editor in 1894. The final issue edited by Kains Jackson included his essay, "the New Chivalry", an argument for the moral and societal benefits of pederasty and erotic male friendship on the grounds of both Platonism and Social Darwinism. According to Kains Jackson, the New Chivalry would promote "the youthful masculine ideal" over the Old Chivalry's emphasis on the feminine. Jackson's volumes of poetry include "Finibus Cantat Amor" (1922) and "Lysis" (1924).
Kains Jackson was a member of the Order of Chaeronea, a secret society for homosexuals founded in 1897 by George Ives, which was named after the location of the battle where the Sacred Band of Thebes was finally annihilated in 338 BC. Other members included Samuel Elsworth Cottam, Montague Summers, and John Gambril Nicholson.
References.
Aldrich, Robert and Garry Wotherspoon (eds.). "Who's Who in Contemporary Gay and Lesbian History: From World War II to the Present Day". Routledge, 2001.
Frantzen, Allen J. "Bloody Good: Chivalry, Sacrifice and the Great War." University of Chicago Press, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="9713011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713011" title="Hämeenlinna railway station">
Hämeenlinna railway station

Hämeenlinna railway station (Finnish "Hämeenlinnan rautatieasema"; Swedish "Tavastehus järnvägsstation") is located in the town of Hämeenlinna, Finland.
Hämeenlinna belongs to the oldest railway stations in Finland, because the first railway line in Finland was opened between Helsinki and Hämeenlinna in 1862. The original station building, designed by the architect Carl Albert Edelfelt, was destroyed during the Finnish Civil War in 1918. The current red brick station building was designed by Thure Hellström and completed in 1921.
Hämeenlinna is located about halfway between Helsinki and Tampere, and because of this, the station has much pass-through traffic, even though the Hämeenlinna station is not a crossing-point station. All trains between Helsinki and Tampere, except Pendolino trains, stop at Hämeenlinna. The Hämeenlinna station also has an underpass tunnel. The station building has a restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="9713021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713021" title="Schmiedeberg">
Schmiedeberg

Schmiedeberg may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9713058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713058" title="PCAF">
PCAF

P300/CBP-associated factor (PCAF), also known as K(lysine) acetyltransferase 2B (KAT2B), is a human gene and transcriptional coactivator associated with p53.
Structure.
Several domains of PCAF can act independently or in unison to enable its functions. PCAF has separate acetyltransferase and E3 ubiquitin ligase domains as well as a bromodomain for interaction with other proteins. PCAF also possesses sites for its own acetylation and ubiquitination.
Function.
CBP and p300 are large nuclear proteins that bind to many sequence-specific factors involved in cell growth and/or differentiation, including c-jun and the adenoviral oncoprotein E1A. The protein encoded by the PCAF gene associates with p300/CBP. It has in vitro and in vivo binding activity with CBP and p300, and competes with E1A for binding sites in p300/CBP. It has histone acetyl transferase activity with core histones and nucleosome core particles, indicating that this protein plays a direct role in transcriptional regulation.
Regulation.
The acetyltransferase activity and cellular location of PCAF are regulated through acetylation of PCAF itself. PCAF may be autoacetylated (acetylated by itself) or by p300. Acetylation leads to migration to the nucleus and enhances its acetyltransferase activity. PCAF interacts with and is deacetylated by HDAC3, leading to a reduction in PCAF acetyltransferase activity and cytoplasmic localisation.
Protein interactions.
PCAF forms complexes with numerous proteins that guide its activity. For example PCAF is recruited by ATF to acetylate histones and promote transcription of ATF4 target genes.
Targets.
There are various protein targets of PCAF's acetyltransferase activity including transcription factors such as Fli1, p53 and numerous histone residues.
Hdm2, itself a ubiquitin ligase that targets p53, has also been demonstrated to be a target of the ubiquitin-ligase activity of PCAF.
Interactions.
PCAF has been shown to interact with Beta-catenin, Twist transcription factor, Myc, IRF1, IRF2, Transformation/transcription domain-associated protein, CREB binding protein, BRCA2, KLF13, TCF3, RBPJ, POLR2A, Nuclear receptor coactivator 1, EVI1, Mdm2 and HNF1A.

</doc>
<doc id="9713068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713068" title="MisterCertified">
MisterCertified

MisterCertified is based in Tampa, Florida and was founded in 2001. The company provides on-site computer service and support for residential customers as well as small businesses throughout Hillsborough County, Florida.
See also.
Computer repair technician

</doc>
<doc id="9713071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713071" title="Loss-control consultant">
Loss-control consultant

A loss control consultant (also LCC or loss control representative) is a person possessing a demonstrated knowledge and / or education in the arts and science of safety engineering and risk management. A typical loss control consultant will possess a college degree in engineering or business, commercial insurance, industrial safety, industrial hygiene or fire protection.
The Insurance Institute of America provides training leading to professional designations, such as Associate in Risk Management and Loss Control Management, which a professional loss control consultant may possess. Another credential is the Certified Safety Professional offered through the Board of Certified Safety Professionals The consultant may be a member of the American Society of Safety Engineers, the National Fire Protection Association, or the American Industrial Hygiene Association. There are other schools and associations offering training and credentials. References a loss control consultant uses will include the Occupational Safety and Health Act regulations, the National Fire Protection Association's fire codes, codes of the American National Standards Institute, local and regional building codes, Federal regulations referencing commercial drivers and similar regulated trades and National Council on Compensation Insurance (NCCI) for Workers Compensation information.
The loss control consultant will typically work for an insurance company, a private consultant firm or as an independent consultant. The LCC will survey businesses for property or casualty (general liability, automobile, workers compensation) exposures, identifying exposures to loss and how a business can control these loss exposures. If deficient in protecting for a loss exposure, recommendations for improvement will be offered. Underwriting information concerning an account's operation, size, area served and cooperation with the loss control consultant is developed and submitted in a report to the requesting party.
The loss control consultant serving workers compensation clients who practices in the states of Arkansas Missouri and Texas must have a state certification.

</doc>
<doc id="9713078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713078" title="The League of Frightened Men">
The League of Frightened Men

The League of Frightened Men is the second Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout. The story was serialized in six issues of "The Saturday Evening Post" (June 15–July 20, 1935) under the title "The Frightened Men". The novel was published in 1935 by Farrar & Rinehart, Inc. "The League of Frightened Men" is a Haycraft Queen Cornerstone, one of the most influential works of mystery fiction listed by crime fiction historian Howard Haycraft and Ellery Queen.
Plot introduction.
When two men die under mysterious circumstances and a third disappears after appealing to Wolfe for protection, suspicion falls on Paul Chapin, a controversial author and friend of the three men who was severely injured many years ago at their hands as a result of a hazing prank. The remainder of the men involved, united together as a "League of Atonement", are in fear for their lives against Chapin's vengeance, but when a third man dies Wolfe determines that he may not be the only threat they face.
Plot summary.
After reading a controversial new novel by an author called Paul Chapin, Wolfe reveals to Archie that Andrew Hibbard, a psychologist, had approached him while Archie was away on another case. Hibbard had asked Wolfe to protect him from a man whose name he would not disclose, but who had apparently sent Hibbard and his friends threatening poems implying he was responsible for the deaths of two of their mutual friends. After reading a phrase in Chapin's book that also appeared in the poems, Wolfe has deduced that the man Hibbard feared was none other than Paul Chapin. Having rejected Hibbard’s appeal at the time, now that Wolfe knows the identity of Hibbard's nemesis he believes there may be some profit in Hibbard's case. 
Soon after, Wolfe and Archie learn that Hibbard has disappeared under mysterious circumstances. Hibbard was one of a group of men who, in their college days, played a prank on Chapin that left him permanently crippled. Although Hibbard and the others have shown remorse and pity towards Chapin ever since, Hibbard's niece Evelyn and the police suspect that Chapin has murdered Hibbard and the other two dead men to take revenge on them, and intends to do the same to the other members of the “League of Atonement”. Wolfe acquires a list of the other men in the League and summons them to his office and offers a proposal: in exchange each man paying a portion of his fee that is within their current means, he will determine the truth behind the deaths of their mutual friends and remove the threat that they believe Chapin poses.
At this point, Chapin himself interrupts the meeting. He claims to Wolfe and his friends that he is not responsible for Hibbard's disappearance, the deaths of their friends or the threats they have received, but refuses to participate when Wolfe challenges him to type out one of the threatening letters. After he leaves, the members of the League agree to Wolfe's terms. It is revealed that Chapin is married to Dora Ritter, who was once employed by Dr. Loring Burton, a fellow member of the League who has known Chapin since childhood and ended up marrying the woman Chapin loved as a younger man.
After arranging for Chapin to be tailed as closely as possible and a search for Hibbard to be conducted, Wolfe orders Archie to investigate the deaths of the other two men. The first, Judge Harrison, was found dead at the bottom of a cliff after attending a class reunion nearby, apparently the victim of a tragic accident. However, Chapin had also attended the party, leading Archie to suspect that he took an impromptu opportunity to push the judge over the cliff. The second, Eugene Dreyer, was the victim of an apparent suicide having sold one of the League a painting that turned out to be a forgery. However, Chapin and another mutual friend, Dr. Leopold Elkus, were also involved in the matter. Elkus is sympathetic to Chapin, and Archie suspects that he is allied to Chapin and helping him commit the murders. 
After following a lead provided by one of the members of the League, Archie discovers the typewriter that Chapin used to write the threatening notes and retrieves it. Checking in on the surveillance of Chapin, Archie notices an operative with gold teeth wearing a pink tie who doesn't seem to be affiliated with either the police or Wolfe's operatives. Wolfe orders Archie to bring this man to his office, whereupon he is revealed to be Andrew Hibbard, having faked his disappearance due to his fear and paranoia of Chapin and following Chapin to work up the nerve to preemptively murder him.
Both Wolfe and Archie are shocked to receive a phone call informing them that Paul Chapin has apparently shot and killed Dr. Burton. Hurrying to the scene of the crime, Archie is too late to prevent Chapin being taken into custody for murder. As Wolfe takes the drastic step of leaving his home to visit Chapin in custody, Archie manages to win the trust of Burton’s wife, and learns that Dora Chapin had paid a visit to Burton home earlier that day. Believing Dora Chapin to be the murderer, Archie attempts to confront her at the Chapin’s home, but is drugged and incapacitated. Upon regaining consciousness, he telephones Wolfe only to learn that he has left the brownstone to search for Archie. Wolfe calls the Chapin’s telephone, confirming Archie’s fears that he has been taken by Dora Chapin. Fearing for Wolfe’s life, Archie rushes to the rendezvous point Wolfe provides him with but discovers that Wolfe is safe and unharmed, having convinced Dora Chapin that he poses no threat to her husband.
Wolfe summons the members of the League to his office. He produces Hibbard to his friends, and then reveals a confession he has apparently received from Paul Chapin -- which confirms, as Wolfe suspected all along, that Chapin had no involvement in the deaths of their two mutual friends at all. The deaths were an unfortunate accident and a suicide respectively, but Chapin, psychologically incapable of murder but resentful of both their responsibility for his injury and their pity towards him, merely sent the poems to scare his friends and gain his vengeance on them that way. Incredulous and skeptical of Wolfe’s claims in the light of the death of Burton, the League vote on whether to pay Wolfe. When the vote indicates that Wolfe will not receive his fee, Wolfe presses one member – Ferdinand Bowen, a stockbroker – to change his vote to a yes. When Bowen refuses, Wolfe reveals that Bowen is in fact Burton’s murderer. Burton had discovered that Bowen had been embezzling from him and other members of the League whose investments he managed, and Bowen used the fear and paranoia that everyone had of Chapin to stage Burton’s murder and throw suspicion on Chapin.
The next day, Archie realizes that Wolfe faked Chapin’s ‘confession’, and in fact never left the brownstone at all. Chapin visits Wolfe at his office. His vengeance thwarted, Chapin reveals that he is planning to include a character based on Wolfe in his latest novel – and that character will meet a most unfortunate end.
The unfamiliar word.
"Nero Wolfe talks in a way that no human being on the face of the earth has ever spoken, with the possible exception of Rex Stout after he had a gin and tonic," said Michael Jaffe, executive producer of the A&E TV series, "A Nero Wolfe Mystery". 
"Readers of the Wolfe saga often have to turn to the dictionary because of the erudite vocabulary of Wolfe and sometimes of Archie," wrote Rev. Frederick G. Gotwald. 
Examples of unfamiliar words — or unfamiliar uses of words that some would otherwise consider familiar — are found throughout the corpus, often in the give-and-take between Wolfe and Archie.
Popular culture.
"A number of the paintings of René Magritte (1898–1967), the internationally famous Belgian painter, are named after titles of books by Rex Stout," wrote the artist's attorney and friend Harry Torczyner. "He read Hegel, Heidegger and Sartre, as well as Dashiell Hammett, Rex Stout and Georges Simenon," the "Times Higher Education Supplement" wrote of Magritte. "Some of his best titles were 'found' in this way." Magritte's 1942 painting, "Les compagnons de la peur" ("The Companions of Fear"), bears the title given to "The League of Frightened Men" when it was published in France by Gallimard (1939). It is one of Magritte's series of "leaf-bird" paintings. Created during the Nazi occupation of Brussels, it depicts a stormy, mountainous landscape in which a cluster of plants has metamorphosed into a group of vigilant owls.
Adaptations.
"The League of Frightened Men".
Columbia Pictures adapted the novel for its 1937 film "The League of Frightened Men". Lionel Stander reprised his "Meet Nero Wolfe" role as Archie Goodwin, and Walter Connolly starred as Nero Wolfe.

</doc>
<doc id="9713090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713090" title="Bodmer Papyri">
Bodmer Papyri

The Bodmer Papyri are a group of twenty-two papyri discovered in Egypt in 1952. They are named after Martin Bodmer who purchased them. The papyri contain segments from the Old and New Testaments, early Christian literature, Homer and Menander. The oldest, P66 dates to "c." 200. The papyri are kept at the Bibliotheca Bodmeriana, in Cologny, Switzerland outside Geneva. In 2007 the Vatican Library acquired two of the papyri, P74 and P75, which are kept at the Vatican Library. 
Overview.
The Bodmer Papyri were found in 1952 at Pabau near Dishna, Egypt, the ancient headquarters of the Pachomian order of monks; the discovery site is not far from Nag Hammadi, where the secreted Nag Hammadi library had been found some years earlier. The manuscripts were covertly assembled by a Cypriote, Phokio Tano of Cairo, then smuggled to Switzerland, where they were bought by Martin Bodmer (1899–1971). The series "Papyrus Bodmer" began to be published in 1954, giving transcriptions of the texts with note and introduction in French and a French translation. The Bodmer Papyri, now conserved in the Bibliotheca Bodmeriana, in Cologny, outside Geneva, are not a gnostic cache, like the Nag Hammadi Library: they bear some pagan as well as Christian texts, parts of some thirty-five books in all, in Coptic and in Greek. With fragments of correspondence, the number of individual texts represented reaches to fifty. Most of the works are in codex form, a few in scrolls. Three are written on parchment. 
Books V and VI of Homer's "Iliad" (P1), and three comedies of Menander ("Dyskolos" (P4), "Samia" and "Aspis") appear among the Bodmer Papyri, as well as gospel texts: Papyrus 66 (P66), is a text of the Gospel of John, dating around 200CE, in the manuscript tradition called the Alexandrian text-type. Aside from the papyrus fragment in the Rylands Library Papyrus P52, it is the oldest testimony for John; it omits the passage concerning the moving of the waters (John 5:3b-4) and the pericope of the woman taken in adultery (John 7:53-8:11). P72 is the earliest known copy of the Epistle of Jude, and 1 and 2 Peter. Papyrus 75 (P75) is a partial codex containing most of Luke and John. Comparison of the two versions of John in the Bodmer Papyri with the third-century Chester Beatty Papyri convinced Floyd V. Filson that "...there was no uniform text of the Gospels in Egypt in the third century." 
There are also Christian texts that would become declared apocryphal in the fourth century, such as the "Infancy Gospel of James". There is a Greek-Latin lexicon to some of Paul's letters, and there are fragments of Melito of Sardis. Among the works is a Christian "Vision of Dorotheus", son of "Quintus the poet" assumed to be the pagan poet Quintus Smyrnaeus, written in archaising Homeric hexameters, the earliest Christian hexameter poem (P29). The earliest extant copy of the Third Epistle to the Corinthians is published in "Bodmer Papryri X". 
The collection includes some non-literary material, such as a collection of letters from the abbots of the monastery of Saint Pachomius, raising the possibility that the unifying circumstance in the collection is that all were part of a monastic library. 
The latest of the Bodmer Papyri (P74) dates to the sixth or seventh century.
Vatican acquisition.
Plans announced by the Foundation Bodmer in October 2006 to sell two of the manuscripts for millions of dollars, to capitalize the library, which opened in 2003, drew consternation from scholars around the world, fearing that the unity of the collection would be broken. 
Then, in March 2007 it was announced the Vatican had acquired the Bodmer Papyrus XIV-XV (P75), which is believed to contain the world's oldest known written fragment from the Gospel of Luke, the earliest known Lord's Prayer, and one of the oldest written fragments from the Gospel of John. 
The papyri had been sold for an undisclosed "significant" price to Frank Hanna III, of Atlanta, Georgia. In January 2007, Hanna presented the papyri to the Pope. They are kept in the Vatican Library and will be made available for scholarly review, and in the future, excerpts may be put on display for the general public. They were transported from Switzerland to the Vatican in "An armed motorcade surrounded by people with machine guns."

</doc>
<doc id="9713100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713100" title="Love Story (1981 film)">
Love Story (1981 film)

Love Story is a 1981 film produced by Rajendra Kumar and directed by Rahul Rawail. The film stars Rajendra Kumar alongside his son Kumar Gaurav and Vijeta Pandit, both making their film debut. Vidya Sinha, Amjad Khan, Danny Denzongpa and Aruna Irani also appear in supporting roles. The music was composed by R. D. Burman with lyrics by Anand Bakshi.
Plot.
The film is the story of lovers played by Kumar Gaurav and Vijeta Pandit and their struggle to achieve success in life. The film became a "blockbuster", making Kumar Gaurav a 'Star' overnight. Amit Kumar won the Filmfare Best Male Playback Award over another nominee, his father Kishore Kumar.
The film was later remade into Telugu as "Prema Sankellu" (1982) by Vijaya Nirmala and starring her son Naresh.

</doc>
<doc id="9713115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713115" title="Jidaimono">
Jidaimono

Jidaimono (時代物) are Japanese kabuki or jōruri plays that feature historical plots and characters, often famous samurai battles. These are in contrast to "sewamono" (世話物), contemporary plays, which generally focus on commoners and domestic issues. "Jidaimono" is usually translated as "period plays." Film and television productions in this mode are called "jidaigeki" (時代劇), and share many of the same features.
As the stereotypical audience for jōruri and kabuki were commoners ("chōnin"), stories involving court nobles and heroic samurai were of a more distant subject matter than those that dealt with contemporary, urban commoner themes. Even though many of the viewers may have been samurai, the Edo period in which these plays were largely composed and performed was a period of peace, and so the notion of fierce battles and heroic sacrifices was still something of a romanticized escape for these samurai, just as historical dramas are for us today.
Stories were almost always derived from classic epics ("monogatari") or from other historical sources, and it was not at all uncommon for elements to be changed. Characters might be invented, or elements of their histories changed, to make the story more interesting or to otherwise serve the author's purposes. Though most of these stories derive originally from historical fact, the sources used by the playwrights were more legend than accurate narratives, and fantastic or magical elements were further added by the playwrights. "Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura" serves as a good example of this. The play revolves around actual historical figures of the Genpei War, including Minamoto no Yoshitsune and his retainer Benkei. But the historically false conceit that certain Taira clan generals survived and remain in hiding is central to the plot, and the "kitsune" (fox-spirit) character Genkurō is of course also invented.
In addition, though "jidaimono" almost always take place in the distant past, they often were intended to make reference to contemporary events. For much of the Edo period, the depiction of contemporary events, in particular, depictions of the shoguns and criticism of the Tokugawa shogunate, were strictly banned. As a result, plays were designed to use historical or literary references as metaphors for current events. The famous play "Kanadehon Chūshingura", also known as the tale of the Forty-seven Ronin, is a fine example of this. Though the actual forty-seven ronin and the events surrounding their attempts at revenge for their lord took place in the early 18th century, only a few decades before the play debuted, it was depicted onstage as taking place in the 14th century, and the names of all the principal figures involved were changed.
In many other plays, the Minamoto clan, from whom the Tokugawa shoguns claimed descent, were used to represent the shogunate. The Taira clan, who lost the Genpei War to the Minamoto in the 1180s, commonly were represented as oppressed or wronged, and symbolized the playwrights' (and perhaps the actors') criticisms of the Tokugawa government. The same "Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura" mentioned earlier is an excellent example of this, as is "Battles of Coxinga", which tells of the Ming Dynasty loyalist Coxinga who fought against the Qing Dynasty in the late 17th century.
Generally speaking, many of the most flamboyant and bombastic kabuki plays are "jidaimono", as they tend to feature over-the-top representations of samurai heroes and villains, "kami", and some of the most famous figures in Japanese history. Commoners, the protagonists of "sewamono", by contrast, are usually portrayed fairly plainly. Of course, where samurai, courtesans, geisha and the like appear in "sewamono", they too can have quite elaborate costumes and appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="9713124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713124" title="Nordin Wooter">
Nordin Wooter

Nordin Wooter (born 24 August 1976 in Breda) is a Dutch former footballer whose mother came from Suriname. During his career he played in the Dutch Eredivisie for Ajax, Spain's La Liga for Real Zaragoza, and in 1999 he joined English Premier League club Watford for £950,000, which at the time was the highest transfer fee Watford had ever paid. He made his debut for Watford in a memorable 1-0 win over Chelsea. He went on to score 3 goals for Watford in games against Leicester City, Norwich City and Wimbledon.
He also played for the Netherlands under-18 and under-21 teams.

</doc>
<doc id="9713151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713151" title="Benedita Pereira">
Benedita Pereira

Benedita Gonçalves Aires Pereira (born 1985-07-27) is a Portuguese actress. She was born in Porto.
Got her training from the Balleteatro Training Centre. She had some periods of training with theater, cinema and television professionals such as Carla Bolito, António Pedro Vasconcelos or Nicolau Breyner.
She was directed by Filipe Crawford in the play "Ubardo" by Luísa Costa Gomes in Teatro Nacional S. João (1998/99) and by Carlos Fraga in the play "1755 O Grande Terramoto" (1755 The Big Earthquake) in Teatro da Trindade (2006).
She made her first appearances in television in "A Lenda da Garça" (The Legend Of The Heron) (1999) and "O Bairro da Fonte" (Quarter Of The Fountain) (2002), however it was as the protagonist of the first edition of the youthful series "Morangos com Açúcar" (2003/04) that she achieved great popularity. She has continued to appear in other soap operas, such as "Tempo de Viver" (2006) and "Ninguém Como Tu" (2005).
Today, she lives in New York, with actress Daniela Ruah, whilst attending the Lee Strasberg Institute. She also starred as voice-over in the 2012 videogame Max Payne 3 as Fabiana, a São Paulo socialite, and secondary character in the game.

</doc>
<doc id="9713157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713157" title="Bray-sur-Seine">
Bray-sur-Seine

Bray-sur-Seine is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Braytois".

</doc>
<doc id="9713159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713159" title="Shane Crawford (soccer)">
Shane Crawford (soccer)

Shane Crawford (born 16 November 1979 in Falmouth, Jamaica) is a Jamaican professional football player who plays as a defender.
In 2000, Crawford began his professional career with Village United F.C. in Jamaica. In 2005, he signed with the Harrisburg City Islanders of the USL Second Division. In 2006, he spent the season with the Charleston Battery in the USL First Division. In the fall of 2006, he returned to Jamaica where he rejoined Village United.

</doc>
<doc id="9713161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713161" title="Mick Heathcote">
Mick Heathcote

Michael "Mick" Heathcote (born 10 September 1965) is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre back. He made 430 appearances in the Football League for Sunderland, Halifax Town, York City, Shrewsbury Town, Cambridge United and Plymouth Argyle.
Playing career.
Heathcote began his career with Spennymoor United before joining Sunderland in 1987. However, after only four months with the club he went on loan to Halifax Town for a month. In January 1990 he went on loan, again for a month, with York City. He remained at Sunderland for another five months until July 1990, when he signed for Shrewsbury Town for £55,000.
He played 44 matches with Shrewsbury Town, scoring six goals - a respectable record for a central defender. Then, in September 1991 he signed for Division Two side Cambridge United for £150,000. He spent four full seasons there, scoring 13 goals in 128 league appearances. He was then signed by Plymouth Argyle in July 1995 for £75,000. He spent six years at the Westcountry club, scoring 13 goals in 199 league appearances. He helped Argyle earn promotion in his first season with them by winning the Third Division play-offs. In 2001 he started a second spell at Shrewsbury Town. He appeared in the famous Jimmy Glass game against Carlisle, in which the goalkeeper scored in the 94th minute to keep Carlisle United in the Football League.
But after leaving the side in 2004 he spent the remainder of his career in the lower leagues of English football. He played for Colwyn Bay, Leek Town and Hucknall Town.

</doc>
<doc id="9713168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713168" title="Spartan Aircraft Ltd">
Spartan Aircraft Ltd

Spartan Aircraft Limited was a British aircraft manufacturer from 1930 to 1935. It was formed by reinvestment in Simmonds Aircraft which had suffered financially.
History.
In 1928 Oliver Simmonds designed and built a prototype aircraft, the Simmonds Spartan, in a factory at Woolston, Hampshire. The design was a success with over 50 aircraft built. Following financial difficulties and investment from Whitehall Securities Corporation Ltd Simmonds Aircraft Limited changed name in 1930 to Spartan Aircraft Limited. 
The first aircraft from the renamed company was the Spartan Arrow a two-seat biplane of which 15 were built. The next design was a three-seat open-cockpit biplane the Spartan Three Seater. The company ceased to build aircraft in 1935.
In January 1931 "Flight" magazine revealed that Whitehall Securities had acquired a substantial holding in Saunders Roe Ltd. and arising out of this investment Spartan was effectively merged into Saunders Roe. Spartan Aircraft's final product was the Spartan Cruiser a three-engined light airliner developed from the Saro-Percival Mailplane.

</doc>
<doc id="9713174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713174" title="Ike Lozada">
Ike Lozada

Enrique "Big Ike" Lozada, also known as Kuya Ike, or Iking (August 13, 1940 – March 8, 1995) was a Filipino comedian, actor and TV host.
Early life.
Lozada was born on August 13, 1940 in Iloilo City. He started acting at the age of 11 on the movie "Mga Bituin ng Kinabukasan" with the younger Susan Roces.
Death.
He died on March 8, 1995 in Manila of a heart attack. He was 54. His remains were laid to rest at the Manila Memorial Park in Parañaque City.

</doc>
<doc id="9713185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713185" title="Frigate captain">
Frigate captain

Frigate captain is a naval rank in the naval forces of several countries. 
It is, usually, equivalent to the Commonwealth/US Navy rank of commander.
Countries using this rank include Argentina and Spain (), France (), Belgium (), Italy (), 
Brasil and Portugal () Croatia () and Germany () .
In the Royal Canadian Navy, "capitaine de frégate" is the official French language name for the rank of commander.
The NATO rank code is OF-4, the official translation for instance of the German "Fregattenkapitän" as well as the French "capitaine de frégate" into English is "commander senior grade".
The Russian/Soviet equivalent is "captain of the 2nd rank" ("капитан 2-го ранга")
Germany.
"Fregattenkapitän" is an OF4 rank equivalent to the Oberstleutnant (en: Lieutenant colonel) in Heer and Luftwaffe. The U.S. Navy's rank of Lieutenant commander is equal to "Korvettenkapitän" in NATO's military hierarchy (classed as OF-4). 
Rank insignia includes three stripes on shoulder boards (or rings on sleeves). 

</doc>
<doc id="9713188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713188" title="Sahara Conservation Fund">
Sahara Conservation Fund

The Sahara Conservation Fund (SCF) is an international non-governmental organization established in 2004 to conserve the wildlife, including the endangered species, of the Sahara desert and bordering Sahelian grasslands. Its goal is to maintain the Sahara as a well-conserved, well-managed desert in which ecological processes function naturally, with plants and animals in healthy numbers across their normal historical range. 
SCF creates partnerships between people, governments, worldwide zoos and scientific communities, international conventions, NGOs, and donor agencies. Its activity is based on three complementary program areas: conserving the Sahara’s remaining wildlife, captive breeding and reintroduction of key species, and communicating the crisis faced by Saharan wildlife. SCF currently works in several African countries, including Niger, Chad, Algeria, Senegal, and Tunisia. 
The Sahara Conservation Fund is incorporated as a 501(c)(3) not for profit organization in the state of Missouri and is hosted by the Wildcare Institute of the St. Louis Zoo.

</doc>
<doc id="9713194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713194" title="Bréau">
Bréau

Bréau is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Bréautins".

</doc>
<doc id="9713198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713198" title="Martin Bodmer">
Martin Bodmer

Martin Bodmer (November 13, 1899 – March 22, 1971) was a Swiss bibliophile, scholar and collector.
Biography.
Martin Bodmer was the son of wealthy parents born in Zurich, Switzerland, where he lived until 1948. His father died in 1916 leaving a very large fortune. In 1918, Bodmer began studying German language, then gave up and took a trip to United States and Paris. He studied a few semesters of philosophy and in 1921 he founded the Gottfried Keller Prize, a renowned Swiss literary award. In 1930 he founded the bimonthly "Corona," which was published until 1943 in Munich. With the start of the Second World War he devoted himself to the International Committee of the Red Cross and became its vice president. During the Second World War, many famous writers and journalists stayed in Bodmer's house in Zurich, including Rudolf Borchardt, Selma Lagerlof, Rudolf Alexander Schröder, and Paul Valéry.
He started collecting rare books at the age of 16 and devoted all his life to create an extraordinary library of world literature. Bodmer selected the works centering around what he saw as the five pillars of world literature: the Bible, Homer, Dante Alighieri, William Shakespeare and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. He prioritized autographs and first editions. In 1928 the villa was too small for his collection and he bought an adjacent former school building to accommodate his books. After the war he resumed his long-standing project to build a "Library of world literature", or "Bodmer Library" in specially designed buildings, collecting the most significant messages of humankind, including not only literature and art, but also religion, history and politics. He left Zurich and transferred its collection to Cologny, just outside Geneva, on the shores of Lake Geneva. 
Bodmer amassed 150,000 works in eighty languages, including first editions of major works, the Papyrus 66 which is one of the oldest almost completely preserved manuscripts of John's Gospel (2nd century), the original of Grimm's Fairy Tales, the only copy of the Gutenberg Bible in Switzerland, a string quintet by Mozart, the prose version of Lessing's Nathan the Wise, Gustave Flaubert's Madame Bovary, Thomas Mann's , original editions of Don Quixote, Faust, and valuable papyri, known as Bodmer Papyri, from ancient times, including a papyrus manuscript dating to the third century of the complete Dyskolos, an Ancient Greek comedy by Menander, which was recovered and published in 1959. Bodmer extended its project to cuneiform tablets and ancient coins. 
Before his death, Bodmer refused the proposal of an American millionaire who offered him $60 million (1971), and with the consent of his children placed his collection at the heart of the Martin Bodmer Foundation, a private cultural institution headquartered in Cologny, which keeps managing and expanding the collection as of today.

</doc>
<doc id="9713200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713200" title="Composed upon Westminster Bridge, September 3, 1802">
Composed upon Westminster Bridge, September 3, 1802

Composed upon Westminster Bridge, September 3, 1802 is a sonnet by William Wordsworth describing London and the River Thames, viewed from Westminster Bridge in the early morning. It was first published in the collection "Poems, in Two Volumes" in 1807.
History.
The sonnet was originally dated 1803, but this was corrected in later editions and the date of composition given precisely as 31 July 1802, when Wordsworth and his sister Dorothy were travelling to Calais to visit Annette Vallon and his daughter Caroline by Annette, prior to his forthcoming marriage to Mary Hutchinson.
The sonnet has always been popular, escaping the generally excoriating reviews from critics such as Francis Jeffrey in the "Edinburgh Review" when "Poems in Two Volumes" was first published. The reason undoubtedly lies in its great simplicity and beauty of language, turning on Dorothy's observation that this man-made spectacle is nevertheless one to be compared to nature's grandest natural spectacles. Cleanth Brooks analysed the sonnet in these terms in "".
Stephen Gill remarks that at the end of his life Wordsworth, engaged in editing his works, contemplated a revision even of "so perfect a poem" as this sonnet in response to an objection from a lady that London could not both be "bare" and "clothed" (an example of the use of paradox in literature).
That the sonnet so closely follows Dorothy's journal entry comes as no surprise because Dorothy wrote her "Grasmere Journal" to "give Wm pleasure by it" and it was freely available to Wordsworth, who said of Dorothy that "She gave me eyes, she gave me ears" in his poem "The Sparrow's Nest".

</doc>
<doc id="9713212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713212" title="Mad1">
Mad1

Mitotic spindle assembly checkpoint protein MAD1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "MAD1L1" gene.
MAD1L1 is also known as Human Accelerated Region 3. It may therefore have played a key role in differentiating Humans from Apes.
Interactions.
Mad1 has been shown to interact with HDAC1, Histone deacetylase 2 and MAD2L1.

</doc>
<doc id="9713217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713217" title="Eccleshill, Lancashire">
Eccleshill, Lancashire

Eccleshill is a civil parish in the Borough of Blackburn with Darwen, Lancashire, England. It contains the hamlets of Eccleshill, Grimshaw and Waterside. Located within the parish is Shaws of Darwen, a manufacturer of sinks and architectural terracotta. The factory, situated in Waterside, opened in 1908 and in the 1920s was Darwen's largest employer.
The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway's Hoddlesden Branch Line, a goods line opened in 1876, passed through the parish. It was built to provide a service to Hoddlesden, south of Eccleshill, and although a passenger service was proposed, the application was not successful. The goods station at Hoddlesden closed in 1950, but the line remained open to Waterside, to serve Shaws of Darwen, until 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="9713230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713230" title="Dennis Schulp">
Dennis Schulp

Dennis Schulp (born January 18, 1978 in Amsterdam, Noord-Holland) is a football (soccer) striker from the Netherlands, who last played for DOVO.
Career.
Schulp made his professional debut for Ajax Amsterdam on March 27, 1996 replacing Patrick Kluivert after 78 minutes. He later played for FC Volendam, Willem II Tilburg, NEC Nijmegen, De Graafschap, Helmond Sport, FC Den Bosch and SC Paderborn 07 (Germany). Schulp joined Wuppertal in January 2008, six months after leaving Paderborn and left the club again on 31 December 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="9713234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713234" title="Josephine Foster">
Josephine Foster

Josephine Foster is an American singer-songwriter and musician from Colorado, United States. As an adolescent she worked as a funeral and wedding singer, and aspired to become an opera singer. After her studies she began to record demos of her own songs, resulting in the early recordings "There Are Eyes Above" (2000), an album of ukulele accompanied songs strongly influenced by Tin Pan Alley, and an album of children's songs, "Little Life" (2001).
For several years she worked as a singing teacher in Chicago, recording and performing with a variety of musical acts on the side including Born Heller, a project with free jazz-bassist Jason Ajemian, and The Children's Hour, a pop band formed with songwriter Andrew Bar. In 2004, joined by her occasional backing band The Supposed (Brian Goodman on guitar and Rusty Peterson on drums), she released an album of psychedelic rock called "All the Leaves Are Gone" which has drawn comparison to Patti Smith and Jefferson Airplane.
The songs on her first solo studio album "Hazel Eyes, I Will Lead You" (2005, Locust Music) evoke American folk and blues forms of the early 20th century. "A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing", released in 2006, features unorthodox interpretations of 19th century German Lieder. "This Coming Gladness", was released in 2008 and featured the contributions of Victor Herrero on electric guitar and percussion by Alex Neilson. In early 2009 she released an album of 27 Emily Dickinson song settings entitled "Graphic as a Star" with the British independent record label, Fire Records. Thereafter began her work in rural Spain, with her husband Victor Herrero collecting and arranging collections of folk songs, resulting in the recordings "Anda Jaleo" (a resetting of Garcia Lorca´s piano/voice transcriptions of Spanish songs), and "Perlas" (a selection of Spanish songs made by Foster herself) respectively.
In 2012, she returned to Colorado to record a solo album "Blood Rushing" which took inspiration from local themes from her childhood such as the western geography, native rhythms, and imagined mythology. The album was recorded in a Boulder yoga studio by the Andrija Tokic. It featured the ensemble of Victor Herrero on classical and electric guitars, Paz Lenchantin on bass, Heather Trost on violin, and Ben Trimble on pueblo skin drums.
Foster released a new full-length album, "I'm A Dreamer" on November 12, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9713237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713237" title="Conformity assessment">
Conformity assessment

Conformity assessment, also known as compliance assessment , , is any activity to determine, directly or indirectly, that a process, product, or service meets relevant technical standards and fulfills relevant requirements.
Conformity assessment activities may include:
Additionally, the World Trade Organisation (WTO) governs conformity assessment through the Agreement on Mutual Recognition in Relation to Conformity Assessment (Signed July 4, 2000)
Standardization.
The international standards of the topic are published by ISO and covered in the divisions of ICS 03.120.20 for management and ICS 23.040.01 for technical. Other standalone ISO standards for the topic include

</doc>
<doc id="9713241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713241" title="Trošarina">
Trošarina

Trošarina (Serbian Cyrillic: Трошарина) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac.
Trošarina is located around the crossroads of the Boulevard of Libration, "Kružni put" and "Crnotravska" streets. It is a mixed, residential-industrial area. It has several constructing facilities ("Tunelogradnja", "Larabo", etc.), a gas station and it is a starting station for several intercity bus lines (401, 402, 403, 404, 405, 407, 503) which connect Belgrade and the suburban settlements in the municipalities of Voždovac and Barajevo. The name, "trošarina", is Serbian for excise, as this was the place where the taxes were paid in the 19th century when merchants were entering the city.

</doc>
<doc id="9713255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713255" title="Pleasington">
Pleasington

Pleasington (pronounced "plez-ing-ton") is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Blackburn with Darwen, Lancashire, England. It had a population of 467 in the 2001 census.
It is a rural village set on a hillside above the River Darwen. The village was listed in the Domesday Book as "Plesigtune", a name which means "a settlement owned by Plessa's People".
Pleasington railway station is on the East Lancashire Line with trains to destinations including the nearby towns of Blackburn and Preston.
The Roman Catholic Church of St Mary and St John Baptist in the village is known as Pleasington Priory and was built between 1816 - 1819 in a Gothic style. It is one of only two Grade I Listed buildings in the borough of Blackburn with Darwen.
Pleasington Old Hall is another historic building, built in 1587, and is Grade II Listed. A nature reservenear the hall was declared in 2006.
Also near the village is Pleasington Playing Fields, a large outdoor sports facility with 12 football pitches opened in 1963 by the Duke of Edinburgh as King George's Fields. Witton Country Park is connected to the playing fields by a bridge over the River Darwen. Overlooking the area is Pleasington Cemetery, the main cemetery and crematorium for the Blackburn area.
Pleasington is on the National Cycle Network Route 6, one of the main national bicycle routes in the UK, which is planned to connect Windsor to The Lake District.

</doc>
<doc id="9713270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713270" title="Daniel Marcy">
Daniel Marcy

Daniel Marcy (November 7, 1809 – November 3, 1893) was a United States Representative from New Hampshire. He was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire where he attended the common schools. Becoming a sailor, he followed the sea and later engaged in shipbuilding.
Marcy was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives 1854-1857. He also served in the New Hampshire Senate in 1857 and 1858. He was an unsuccessful candidate for election to the Thirty-sixth Congress in 1858 and to the Thirty-seventh Congress in 1860. However, he was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-eighth Congress (March 4, 1863-March 3, 1865). He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1864 to the Thirty-ninth Congress. After leaving Congress, he again served in the New Hampshire Senate in 1871 and 1872. He died in Portsmouth in 1893 and was buried in the Proprietors’ Burying Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="9713272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713272" title="Wola Gutowska">
Wola Gutowska

Wola Gutowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Jedlińsk, north of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9713279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713279" title="La Brosse-Montceaux">
La Brosse-Montceaux

La Brosse-Montceaux is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Brossois".

</doc>
<doc id="9713294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713294" title="Giuliano Belotti">
Giuliano Belotti

Giuliano Belotti (born 1974 Bergamo, Italy) guitarist, and composer, who graduated from the Conservatory “Gaetano Donizetti”, under the mentorship of Giorgio Oltremari, receiving his final diploma with highest honours.
Life.
A recipient of a full scholarship at The Juilliard School of Music from 1999 to 2001, Belotti worked under the tutelage of the eminent classical guitarist Sharon Isbin. Furthermore, in 1997 he was awarded the Diplôme Supérieur d’Exécution at the Alfred Cortot École Normale de Musique de Paris. At the time, he studied under the guidance of the celebrated maestro Alberto Ponce who described Belotti as “a guitarist endowed with great musical finesse.”
Since 1992, Giuliano Belotti has given numerous recitals at prestigious concert halls spanning Asia, Europe, the United States and Mexico. He has played at prestigious concert halls such as the Weill Carnegie Hall, the Alice Tully Hall, the Juilliard Theater in New York City, the Salle Cortot in Paris, the Teatro Gaetano Donizetti in Italy, the Teatro Juárez in Mexico, the Teatro La Perla in Puerto Rico, the DBS Auditorium in Singapore, the Enrique Granados Auditorium in Spain, among others.
He has played with several orchestras such as the Czech National Orchestra, the Young Symphony Orchestra of Texas and the Chamber Orchestra of Gran Teatre del Liceu de Barcelona.
He has released by M.A.P Milan a solo recording, "Alma del Sur", featuring music of Spanish and South American composers, and a second one, "Hawa", in duo with the Cuban percussionist Armando Cornell.
Currently, in collaboration with the Chamber Orchestra of Gran Teatre del Liceu, he is working on a third album, "Vivaldi on Six Strings", featuring his guitar revision of the integral of lute and mandolin trios and concertos.
Composers like Marcel Khalife, Ricardo Llorca and Simone Iannarelli have dedicated to him some of their own compositions.
As a composer, he has published his chamber music works with Brotons i Mercadal in Barcelona and solo guitar works with Les Productions d’Oz in Canada.
About his “Guitar Works”, Steve Marsh (Classical Guitar Magazine) writes:” […] The eight pieces are all written in a contemporary idiom and without exception are attractive, musically accessible and skillful in their construction. […] It is always a good sign when, after playing through new works by a composer, one seeks out more from the same name. This is what happened after spending a little time on this book.
Guitar Works contain some lovely material for inclusion on concerts or recordings”.
He gives masterclasses in Europe, USA and Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="9713314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713314" title="Yate and Pickup Bank">
Yate and Pickup Bank

Yate and Pickup Bank is a civil parish in the Borough of Blackburn with Darwen, Lancashire, England. The parish contains two hamlets, Bank Fold and Pickup Bank, and part of the village of Belthorn, which is on the boundary with Hyndburn. It has boundaries with the parish of Eccleshill to the west, North Turton to the south, and the borough of Hyndburn, an unparished area, to the east. The parish adjoins unparished parts of Blackburn with Darwen in two places: one is near Hoddlesden in the south-west; the other, in the north, is now along the M65 motorway, after the parish was extended in 1997. As a result of the boundary changes, part of the village of Guide is now within the parish.

</doc>
<doc id="9713318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713318" title="Uridine diphosphate glucose">
Uridine diphosphate glucose

Uridine diphosphate glucose (uracil-diphosphate glucose, UDP-glucose) is a nucleotide sugar. It is involved in glycosyltransferase reactions in metabolism.
Functions.
It is used in nucleotide sugars metabolism as an activated form of glucose as a substrate for enzymes called glucosyltransferases. 
It is a precursor of glycogen and can be converted into UDP-galactose and UDP-glucuronic acid, which can then be used as substrates by the enzymes that make polysaccharides containing galactose and glucuronic acid. 
UDP-glucose can also be used as a precursor of sucrose lipopolysaccharides, and glycosphingolipids. 
Components.
UDP-glucose consists of the pyrophosphate group, the pentose sugar ribose, glucose, and the nucleobase uracil.

</doc>
<doc id="9713358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713358" title="Martin Hanamy">
Martin Hanamy

Martin Hanamy (born 1966) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Offaly senior team. 
Martin made his first appearance for the team during the 1986-87 National League and remained a stalwart of the team until his retirement after the 1999 championship. During that time he won two All-Ireland medals, five Leinster medals, one National League medals and three All-Star awards. In 1994 Hanamy captained the team to the All-Ireland title.
At club level Hanamy is a one-time Leinster medalist with the St. Ryangh's club. In addition to this he has also won four county club championship medals.
Playing career.
Club.
After enjoying some success in the various juvenile grades, Hanamy made the St. Ryangh's senior team by the mid-1980s. He won his first county club championship title in 1987 following a defeat of Seir Kieran.
In 1990 Hanamy was club captain when St. Ryangh's defeated Birr to give him a second county championship medal.
After surrendering the title, St. Ryangh's bounced back in 1992. A defeat of Lusmagh gave Hanamy his third county championship. He picked up a fourth winners' medal in 1993 as St. Rynagh's retained the title after a defeat of Birr. Hanamy later won a Leinster medal after a one-point defeat of Dicksboro.
Inter-county.
Hanamy was selected for the Offaly minor and under 21 hurling sides. however, he was unlucky in missing out on a really big prize. In 1986, the Offaly minor hurlers won the All-Ireland title, however, Hanamy was 19 years-old and not eligible to play.
Hanamy made his senior hurling debut for Offaly in 1987. From 1988 to 1990 he collected three consecutive Leinster titles, however, Offaly were defeated in the subsequent All-Ireland semi-final on all three occasions. In the 1989 All-Ireland semi-final Offaly embarrassingly lost to an unfancied Antrim who were later trounced by Tipperary in the championship decider. Two years later in 1991 Hanamy captured a National Hurling League title, Offaly's first, and the future was looking brighter. Three years later in 1994 Hanamy was captain of Offaly and he won his fourth Leinster title. Offaly later progressed to the All-Ireland final where they played Limerick. With four minutes to go Offaly were trailing by five points, however, a scoring spree in the remaining time resulted in the side actually winning the game by 6 points. Offaly manager Éamonn Cregan had orchestrated a great win over has native county and Hanamy finally collected his first All-Ireland medal.
In 1995 Hanamy captured another Leinster medal. The game itself against Kilkenny was regarded as the best game of the year and is regarded as one of the greatest games of all-time by some for the sheer level of skill displayed by both teams. Hanamy's side later went on to lose the All-Ireland final to Clare, who won their first All-Ireland title since 1914. 1998 proved to be a controversial year for Offaly. Hanamy's side reached the Leinster final but lost to Kilkenny. This defeat prompted their manager, Babs Keating, to describe the Offaly hurlers as "sheep in a heap", and he promptly resigned. It looked as if Offaly’s championship hopes were in disarray, however, they overcame Antrim in the All-Ireland quarter-final and qualified to meet Clare in the semi-final. The first game ended in a draw and had to be replayed, however, the replay was ended early because of a time-keeping error by the referee. Following a protest on the pitch of Croke Park by the Offaly supporters it was decided that Clare and Offaly would meet for a third time. Hanamy's side won the third game and qualified to play Kilkenny in the final. Offaly reversed the Leinster final defeat by winning the All-Ireland final by 6 points. Hanamy had won his second All-Ireland medal. In 1999 Offaly once again reached the latter stages of the All-Ireland championship, however, they were beaten by Cork in the All-Ireland semi-final. Hanamy retired from inter-county hurling following this defeat.

</doc>
<doc id="9713360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713360" title="Cedar River Trail">
Cedar River Trail

The Cedar River Regional Trail is a partially paved rail trail in Washington.
It is open for non-motorized use and parallels Highway 169 for much of its length. It connects Renton to Maple Valley. In Maple Valley it connects to the Cedar to Green River Trail at mile 12.3. Beyond Maple Valley the surface is crushed gravel, and the trail ends in Landsburg near a small dam and the boundary of the Cedar River Watershed.
A bridge on the trail parallel to Highway 169 in Maple Valley recently underwent a renovation, and is now re-opened to foot, bike, and equestrial traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="9713362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713362" title="Stipa spartea">
Stipa spartea

Stipa spartea - renamed Hesperostipa spartea, and commonly called Porcupine grass, is a bunchgrass species in the genus "Stipa". 
"Stipa spartea" or "Hesperostipa spartea" is native to the Great Plains and Canadian Prairies of North America. It is also found in grasslands of the Rocky Mountains in Western Canada and the Western United States.
Description.
"Hesperostipa spartea" has a bunchgrass foliage mass of in diameter The flower stalks are upright and arching, yellow, in late Spring.
The seeds are needle-like with sharp tips and long tails. The tails are composed of two different strands that dry at different rates and twist around each other, causing the sharp head of the seed to be driven into the soil. Just behind the sharp, needle-like tip, is a collar of long thick hairs that face backward, preventing the seeds from working their way back out of the soil. 
This species of grass can have its seeds entangled in sheep's hair while they are feeding, and once entangled it often works its way into the animal's skin.
Cultivation.
"Hesperostipa spartea" is cultivated as an ornamental grass for native plant gardens and natural landscaping, and as a plant for Great Plains—Prairie habitat restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="9713368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713368" title="What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice?">
What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice?

What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice? is a 1969 American thriller film directed by Lee H. Katzin with Bernard Girard (uncredited), and starring Geraldine Page, Ruth Gordon, Rosemary Forsyth, Robert Fuller and Mildred Dunnock. The screenplay by Theodore Apstein, based on the novel "The Forbidden Garden" by Ursula Curtiss focuses on an aging Arizona widow who hires elderly female housekeepers and cons them out of their money before murdering them.
The music score was by Gerald Fried and the cinematography by Joseph F. Biroc. The film was funded by American Broadcasting Company (ABC), Palomar Pictures Corporation, and The Associates & Aldrich Company, and distributed by Cinerama Releasing Corporation. 
Plot.
The opening scene of the film sets the tone. Claire Marrable (Page) is recently widowed and at the funeral, she frantically removes flowers from her husband's coffin, while eerie music plays in the background. A few days later, her husband's will is revealed by the junior partner of a law firm ("The Bob Newhart Show"'s Peter Bonerz, in one
of his first roles): her husband made bad investments and left nothing to her except a briefcase, a butterfly collection and a stamp collection. The home itself, and the furnishings in it, do not belong to Claire Marrable. Marrable goes ballistic, smashing the butterfly collection to smithereens and then tearfully frets about what lies in her future. At the lawyer's prodding, she remembers that she has a distant nephew in Arizona.
Forward a few months: Marrable is comfortably ensconced in a ranch home outside Tucson, Arizona. We had seen her murder what we later understand to be one of her housekeepers/companion. She has a penchant for successfully growing pine trees, even out in the hot desert. She lives with a housekeeper, Miss Tinsley (Dunnock). One evening, Miss Tinsley asks Marrable for an update on the stocks she has purchased through Marrable; this upsets Marrable, who threatens immediately to sell the stocks, even at a loss, to rid herself, and the housekeeper, of the anxiety. Upon arrival of a new pine tree from a nursery, Marrable demands that Miss Tinsley go out in the cool night to help her plant the tree. When the two women arrive at the recently dug hole for the tree, Marrable claims her watch has fallen in the hole and asks Miss Tinsley to jump in the hole to retrieve it. When the housekeeper searches for the watch, Marrable grabs a shovel and whacks the housekeeper over the head, then buries her in the hole, using the pine tree as a testament to her latest conquest. We then see five pine trees, in varying size in a long shot of the garden, each in different stages of growth, suggesting this process has been repeated.
Ruth Gordon as Alice Dimmock appears and wins the position of sixth companion, serving Mrs. Marrable well and to her employer's liking, but, in fact, Dimmock is investigating the disappearance of the last victim whom we learn had been Dimmock's own companion. After much intrigue and suspense, another murder is committed, atypical of the previous, plus two more attempted murders, until finally Mrs. Marrable's guilt is exposed, and the enormous value of the stamp collection left to her by her dead husband is inadvertently revealed.
Production notes.
The film is the third in a trilogy of Robert Aldrich-produced films (following "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" (1962) and "Hush… Hush, Sweet Charlotte" (1964) to feature two female leads. He directed the first two.
It was shot on location in Tucson, Arizona, as well as at Aldrich Studios in Los Angeles, California.
Release and reception.
The film earned rentals of $2,025,000 in North America and $1.2 million in other countries. After all costs were deducted, it recorded a loss of $860,000.
In 2000, the film was released for the first time on DVD by Anchor Bay Entertainment, and again in 2004 by MGM, though both releases were discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="9713374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713374" title="Ricky Silberman">
Ricky Silberman

Rosalie "Ricky" Silberman (née Gaull; March 31, 1937 – February 18, 2007) was an American conservative activist who, with Barbara Olson and others, co-founded the Independent Women's Forum.
Biography.
Born as Rosalie Gaull in Jackson, Michigan, she studied government studies, graduating with honors from Smith College in 1958. She met her husband-to-be, future federal Judge Laurence H. Silberman, in 1955 during summer school at Harvard University. 
Career.
Silberman raised three children while the family lived in Hawaii during the 1960s, but she also worked as a teacher in suburban Washington before getting involved in politics and public affairs. President Richard Nixon appointed her to the Presidential Commission for the Education of Disadvantaged Children, and she worked as a press secretary for U.S. Sen. Robert Packwood (R-Oregon). 
When the Silbermans moved to San Francisco in 1979, she did development work for the San Francisco Conservatory. In 1984, President Ronald Reagan appointed her to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), where she served until 1995, rising to the positions of vice-chair and commissioner. 
Her support of Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas led to the formation of the Independent Women's Forum (IWF), which had its origins in 1991-92, when Mrs. Silberman, along with Barbara Olson and Anita Blair, among others, started an informal network of women who supported the Thomas nomination despite allegations of sexual harassment by Anita Hill, a former colleague at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. 
She had worked with Thomas at the commission and was a close friend. During his contentious confirmation, she spoke out on his behalf and helped edit "The Real Anita Hill", a book by David Brock that savaged Hill and portrayed her charges as a political dirty trick. From 1995-2000, she was executive director of the Office of Congressional Compliance, an independent authority established by Congress to oversee the new law requiring that Congress abide by many of the same workplace regulations that covered the rest of the nation. In 2002, Donald Rumsfeld appointed her to the Defense Department Advisory Commission on the Status of Women (DACOWITS), where she served as Boardmember, and, later, Chairperson Emeritus until her death five years later. 
Death.
Silberman died from complications from breast cancer on Sunday, February 18, 2007 at Georgetown University Hospital, Washington, D.C., at the age of 69. She was survived by her husband of 49 years; three children and, at the time of her death, eight grandchildren. 

</doc>
<doc id="9713381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713381" title="Burcy, Seine-et-Marne">
Burcy, Seine-et-Marne

Burcy is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.

</doc>
<doc id="9713388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713388" title="Sheikh Said rebellion">
Sheikh Said rebellion

Sheikh Said Rebellion (Kurdish:"Serhildana Şêx Seîdê Pîran", Turkish: "Şeyh Said İsyanı", contemporary name: "Genç Hâdisesi" means "Genç Incident") was a rebellion to revive the Islamic Caliphate System and used elements of Kurdish nationalism to recruit. It was led by Sheikh Said and a group of former Ottoman soldiers also known as Hamidiye soldiers. The rebellion was particularly of two Kurdish groups, the Zaza people and the speakers of the related Kurmanji dialect of Kurdish: it "was led specifically by the Zaza population and received almost full support in the entire Zaza region and some of the neighbouring Kurmanji-dominated regions".
Background.
The Azadî was dominated by officers from the former Hamidiye, a Kurdish tribal militia established under the Ottoman Empire to deal with the Armenians and sometimes even to keep the Kizilbash under control. According to various historias the main reason the revolt took place was that various elements of Turkish society were unhappy with Mustafa Kemal Atatürk's abolition of the Islamic Caliphate system. There have been questionable British sources who label this as a nationalistic revolt by Kurds . While it can be considered we must understand that Britain was a sworn enemy of both the Islamic Caliphate and the Turks. According to British intelligence reports, the Azadî officers had eleven grievances. Apart from inevitable Kurdish cultural demands and complaints of Turkish maltreatment, this list also detailed fears of imminent mass deportations of Kurds. They also registered annoyance that the name Kurdistan did not appear on maps, at restrictions on the Kurdish language and on Kurdish education and objections to alleged Turkish economic exploitation of Kurdish areas, at the expense of Kurds.
It was Sheikh Said who convinced Hamidiye commanders to support a fight for the return of Islamic Caliphate system.
Some claim British assistance was sought realizing that Kurdistan could not stand alone.
Events.
Sheikh Said appealed to all Muslims of Turkey to join in the rebellion being planned. The tribes which actually participated were mostly Zazas. However the "Xormak" and "Herkî", two Zaza-Qizilbash tribes were the most active and effective opponents of this rebellion. The participation from Kurds (Kurmanchs) was allegedly almost non-existent except a handful of Hamidiye leaders. Mindful of the depredations of the Hamidiye against them (especially the Hamidiye commanded by Xalid Beg Cîbran), other Alevi tribes also refused to join the rebellion.
In one of the bigger engagements, in the night of 6–7 March, the forces of Sheikh Said laid siege to the city of Diyarbakır with 5,000-10,000 men. The Muslim Revivalists attacked the city at all four gates simultaneously. All of their attacks were repelled by the numerically inferior Turkish garrison, with the use of machine gun fire and mortar grenades. When the rebels retreated the next morning, the area around the city was full of dead bodies. When a second wave of attacks failed, the siege was finally lifted on 11 March.
By the end of March, most of the major battles of the Sheikh Said rebellion were over. The rebels were unable to penetrate beyond Hınıs, ironically this was one of the two major areas where Sheikh Said was well known and he enjoyed considerable influence there (he had a tekke in Hınıs). This failure excluded the possibility of extending the rebellion.
The main part of the uprising was over by the end of March, as the Turkish authorities, according to Martin van Bruinessen, crushed the rebellion with continual aerial bombardments and a massive concentration of forces.
During this rebellion, the Turkish government used its airplanes for bombing raids in Palu-Bingöl area. In the course of this operation, the airfield near Elâzığ road was used.
However according to the British Air Ministry there are few reports on the use of Turkish airplanes in suppressing the Sheikh Said rebellion. The reports originate from the British Air Command at Mosul, which was in charge of intelligence for all of Iraq.
At the beginning of the rebellion the Turks had one squadron (filo) consisting of 7 airplanes. Of these only 2 were serviceable. Later four more arrived. The Turkish Air Force deployed a total of 11 airplanes against the rebellion, however, only 6 were serviceable.
Result.
Sheikh Said was captured around 1925 and executed by hanging. This was the last serious attempt for Kurds to revive the Caliphate system. The rebellion diminished the negotiating power of Turkey, and the Ottoman province of Mosul was assigned to the British Mandate of Mesopotamia.
In the Fall of 1927, Sheikh Abdurrahman (brother of Sheikh Said) began a series of revenge attacks on Turkish garrisons in Palu and Malatya.

</doc>
<doc id="9713397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713397" title="Allan Crite">
Allan Crite

Allan Rohan Crite (March 20, 1910 – September 6, 2007) was a Boston-based artist born in North Plainfield, New Jersey.
He won several honors, such as the 350th Harvard University Anniversary Medal.
Personal life.
Crite's mother, Annamae, was a poet who encouraged her son to draw. He showed promise early, enrolling in the Children's Art Centre at United South End Settlements in Boston and graduating from The English High School in 1929. Accepted at Yale, he instead went to the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, from which he graduated in 1936. 
Crite later decided to attend Harvard Extension School, where he completed his studies, receiving an ALB in 1968. He was also awarded an honorary doctorate from Suffolk University in Boston.
Crite was among the few African-Americans ever employed by the Federal Arts Project. In 1940, he began a 30-year relationship with the Boston Naval Shipyard when he took a job as an engineering draftsman.
During his later years, Crite both lived and worked in the Allan Rohan Crite Research Institute at 410 Columbus Avenue in Boston's South End.
He died of natural causes in his sleep at age 97.
Artwork.
Crite was a devout Episcopalian, and his religion inspired many of his works.
According to one biographer, his favorite color was "all colors" and his favorite time of year was "anything but winter."
His paintings fall into two categories: religious themes and general African-American experiences, with some reviewers adding a third category for work depicting Negro spirituals. His 1946 painting "Madonna of the Subway" is an example of a blend of genres, depicting a Black Holy Mother and baby Jesus riding Boston's Orange Line. 
Crite explained his body of work as having a common theme:
According to one reviewer, "Crite's oils and graphics, even when restricted to black and white, are bright in tonality, fine and varied in line, extremely rhythmic, dramatic in movement, and often patterned."
Crite's works hang in such major American art galleries as the Smithsonian, the Museum of Fine Arts, the Art Institute of Chicago, and the Boston Athenaeum, to which he left a substantial collection upon his death, in gratitude for his long tenure there as a visiting artist and which now holds the largest public collection of his paintings and watercolors.
Books.
Among Crite's illustrated books are 1948's "Three Spirituals from Earth to Heaven", in which he illustrated religious stories from such African-American spirituals as "Swing Low Sweet Chariot" and "Nobody Knows the Trouble I See".
Exhibitions.
Crite's major exhibitions include 1920’s Harmon Foundation Exhibitions, 1930s Museum of Modern Art, New York, 1936 Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C., 1939 Boston Museum of Fine Arts, 1978,The Boston Athenaeum, 1997, and the Frye Art Museum, Seattle, 2001.
His works were shown in a coordinated series of posthumous exhibitions in 2007-08, at the Boston Public Library, the Boston Athenaeum, and the Museum of the National Center of Afro-American Artists.

</doc>
<doc id="9713411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713411" title="Alternative versions of Spider-Man">
Alternative versions of Spider-Man

In addition to his mainstream incarnation and series, Spider-Man has had been depicted in other fictional universes.
Alternative continuities.
Other related characters exist in alternative versions of the Marvel Universe. These include:
Age of Apocalypse.
In the "Age of Apocalypse", Peter Parker is executed by Apocalypse's regime simply because he is a potential ally for rebel Gwen Stacy.
Amalgam Comics.
In the Amalgam Comics continuity, Spider-Man was combined with DC's Superboy to create Spider-Boy. He was featured in "Spider-Boy" #1 (April 1996) and "Spider-Boy Team-Up" #1 (June 1997). In this continuity, Spider-Boy is the clone of researcher Peter Parker, created during an explosion in the Project Cadmus Labs. Adopted by Cadmus director General Thunderbolt Ross, he is give the name "Pete Ross". Spider-Boy's power is the ability to redirect his own personal gravity, giving him the ability to climb walls, and to increase his strength. He is able to shoot webs using a special "Web Gun" developed by Cadmus. Spider-Boy is an honorary member of the Legion of Galactic Guardians 2099 (an amalgamation of DC's Legion of Superheroes and Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy plus the Marvel 2099 timeline).
"Avataars: Covenant of the Shield".
On the sword and sorcery alternative Earth called Eurth The Webslinger is the alternative version of Spider-Man that helps Captain Avalon rescue his son from the Dreadlord.
Counter-Earth.
Peter Parker's counterpart on Counter-Earth is mentioned as having "died from radioactive over-exposure".
Deadpool Kills the Marvel Universe.
In the limited series Deadpool Kills the Marvel Universe Spider-Man is killed by Deadpool in a fight which ends when Deadpool shoots him in the head.
Earth X.
In the series "Earth X" and its sequels, Peter Parker is no longer a superhero and during the course of the series becomes a police officer. Three other related characters appear:
Elseworlds.
In the intercompany crossovers called "Elseworlds", Spider-Man has worked alongside Superman twice, once to defeat Dr. Octopus and Lex Luthor and the other to stop Doctor Doom from providing the Parasite with long-term access to the power of the Hulk and Wonder Woman. He also worked alongside Batman to defeat Carnage and the Joker, the two later collaborating to defeat the Kingpin and Ra's al Ghul, with Fisk eventually aiding the heroes in the end. The Ben Reilly Spider-Man participated in Marvel vs. DC, where he faced Superboy and won.
Exiles.
In the series "Exiles", which involves inter-dimensional travel, several alternative versions appear:
House of M.
In the "House of M", a Marvel crossover, the Scarlet Witch alters reality to make mutants the ruling class over humans. This world is ruled by mutants and their leader, Magneto. In the mini-series "", Peter Parker is believed to be a mutant, and Spider-Man's identity is widely known. He is rich, famous and married to Gwen Stacy, and they have a young son named Ritchie. Aunt May and Uncle Ben are alive and in good health, and J. Jonah Jameson is Peter's often-abused publicist. Unfortunately, his life unravels when Jameson reveals to the world that Spider-Man is not a born mutant. After the world is restored to normal, Peter suffers terribly with the memory of the life he left behind, expressing a desire to kill Magneto, whom he mistakenly believes was behind the events of House of M, and the Scarlet Witch, whose powers were responsible for the altered reality.
Killraven.
In the Earth-691 continuity Spider-Man is a time-traveler who aids Killraven in fighting a second invasion by the Martians from H. G. Wells' "The War of the Worlds", during which he is killed.
The Manga.
Spider-Man: The Manga is a Japanese manga illustrated by Ryoichi Ikegami which retold the story of Spider-Man in a Japanese setting. It was originally published in Japan from January 1970 to September 1971 in "Monthly Shōnen Magazine". The main character is named to maintain the Japanese adaptation.
Marvel Mangaverse.
In the Marvel Mangaverse Spider-Man is a ninja and a member of the Spider Clan. He takes revenge on the evil Ronin Venom for the murder of his sensei, Uncle Ben. He later trains Mary Jane Watson to become a ninja Spider-Woman. He and Mary Jane are among the last surviving heroes at the end of the series.
Marvel Adventures.
This version of Spider-Man first appeared in "Marvel Adventures Spider-Man" #53-#61 before appearing in the re-titled "Spider-Man: Marvel Adventures" comic book series. A modern-day high school student, this Spider-Man's origin is similar to his mainstream counterpart, but his supporting cast is significantly different. Although Gwen Stacy exists in this universe, she and Peter are not dating—instead Peter is dating a brand-new character named Sophia "Chat" Sanduval, who is a mutant with the ability to talk to animals. Peter's relationship with Gwen's father Captain George Stacy also differs from the original version—here, Captain Stacy discovers Peter's secret identity early on, yet rather than hide this information from Peter (as his mainstream counterpart did), he confides in Peter and becomes Spider-Man's unofficial police contact. While this Spider-Man battles super villains, he is generally more concerned with combating street-level crime and focuses heavily on taking down the Torino Family, a powerful New York City mob.
Marvel Comics 2.
An alternative version of Peter Parker also exists in the Marvel Comics 2 (MC2) universe, appearing as a supporting character in Spider-Girl.
The title follows almost the entire original timeline of the character up until the first attempt at a "relaunch" by the company, 1999, where it deviates and provides an alternative ending to the "Final Chapter" storyline. Peter's wayward daughter May is revealed to be alive and well, and is returned to both Parkers by Peter's first clone, the redeemed Kaine. Despite now being a father, Peter continues to fight crime as Spider-Man, and begins to cope with the new responsibilities brought by his baby daughter.
Two years later, during his final battle against the Green Goblin, rather than survive unscathed, Peter loses a leg to his arch-enemy and Osborn is killed. Peter finally realizes the price he has paid for being Spider-Man, and ends his career to raise a family with Mary Jane and May. Over the years, he overcomes his physical handicap and ultimately joins the NYPD in a scientific capacity. However, after saving him from an insane Normie Osborn, his daughter May "Mayday" Parker begins a career as Spider-Girl behind his back, a decision Peter begrudgingly is forced to accept and deal with, made difficult by his love for May.
Regardless of his handicap, Peter returned to the role of Spider-Man several times. Once was to aid his daughter and Darkdevil, the son of Ben Reilly, against Kaine, another to convince the latest Spider-Man (the son of Jessica Drew), to cease risking his life, and in the 100th issue of the Spider-Girl title to save May from the Hobgoblin. Peter and MJ ultimately have a second child, Benjamin "Benjy" Parker Jr, who is temporarily rendered deaf after possession by the Carnage symbiote and being blasted with high-frequency sonics. Benjy later develops powers of his own at an infant age.
Spider-Girl.
The "Spider-Girl" comic book series, originally published under the MC2 imprint, features May "Mayday" Parker, Peter's daughter in an alternative continuity. This timeline diverged from regular continuity when Peter and Mary Jane's daughter is returned to them by Kaine. In "Spider-Girl", Peter has been retired from crime fighting since his final battle with the Green Goblin, which cost him a leg. Peter has settled down to family life and works for the New York City Police Department as a forensic scientist. His teen daughter May follows in his footsteps against his wishes, but Peter eventually helps her train for her calling. Peter appears in costume several times in "Spider-Girl", either to restrain and protect May, or to assist her. Peter is among the superheroes kidnapped by Loki in the spin-off "Last Hero Standing".
In the recent Spider-Girl storyline "Brand New May", Peter has uncovered a lab, within it is a stasis tank containing an exact physical duplicate of Mayday Parker, with notes left behind by Norman Osborn suggesting she is the real Mayday, and not a clone. When protecting his nephew Normie from an exploding test tube, Peter is affected by the serum within much like Osborn was...and begins to develop erratic behavior.
Spider-Man (Gerry Drew).
In the same MC2 continuity as Spider-Girl, Gerald "Gerry" Drew, the son of Jessica Drew, inherits spider-powers and poses as Spider-Man. Created by Tom DeFalco and Ron Frenz, he first appeared in "Spider-Girl" #32 (May 2001), and is a supporting character of "Spider-Girl".
Within the context of the stories, Jessica Drew, the original Spider-Woman, had retired from super heroics, and gotten married. She gives birth to a baby boy, Gerry, who was diagnosed with a strange blood-borne disorder due to radiation exposure in the womb. With doctors and medicines unable to help her son, Jessica recreates the experiment that cured her of her radiation poisoning, the experiment that made her Spider-Woman. The experiment imbues Gerry with spider-like powers, but didn't cure him. Gerry's illness strains his parents' marriage and leads to their divorce. Feeling responsible for the break-up, Gerry becomes withdrawn. Jessica tries to alleviate his pain by telling him stories from her past, his favorites involving Spider-Man.
Determined to make his short time on Earth count, Gerry designs his own Spider-Man costume and convinces his mother to train him in how to use his powers. Calling himself Spider-Man, he meets Spider-Girl, and the two initially clash. During a fight between several villains, a bullet intended for Spider-Man kills one of the villains when Spider-Girl shoves him out of its way. Upset that he was responsible for a death, Gerry runs into Darkdevil, who trains him to be a more effective crime fighter. At the request of Peter Parker, the original Spider-Man, Gerry decides to retire from super heroic adventuring while Reed Richards searches for a cure for his blood disease.
"Marvel Nemesis: Rise of the Imperfects".
In the "" series, set in Earth-50701, Spider-Man was abducted by an alien scientist name Doctor Niles Van Roekel. The Thing, Wolverine, Elektra, Human Torch, and Storm are also abducted and injected with a drug in an attempt to corrupt them. Once infected Spider-Man's costume is brown-and-bronze with a blue spider mark in his chest. Spider-Man and the other heroes are eventually able to fight off the corrupting infection and defeat Van Roekel. In the aftermath of the invasion, Paragon and the Imperfects join together to share the Earth with the heroes.
"Marvel Universe vs. The Punisher".
A pathogen named Survivor 118 is accidentally released by The Punisher in an ambush on the Russian Mafia. The chemical was meant to be a fail-safe if the Earth underwent some sort of apocalypse by transforming humans into adaptable people that can eat anything. After the virus is released, Spider-Man is the first to show symptoms when he fights and eats The Rhino on live television, claiming the Rhino as his "meat". Spider-Man is detained and renamed Patient Zero. Soon, more and more heroes and villains became cannibalistic and homicidal as the world becomes a dystopia. Patient Zero is one of the many infected that starts their own tribe. He calls upon the help of The Punisher to rescue his mate, Mary Jane Watson, in exchange for uninfected survivors. The Punisher succeeds, but kills Patient Zero.
"Marvel Zombies".
Often within the "Marvel Zombies" universe, it features a zombified Spider-Man who has been turned, along with all other heroes in the Marvel Universe, into a flesh-eating zombie. He is actually infected by Zombie Captain America (actually known as "Colonel America") rather namely in the first issue of Marvel Zombies vs. The Army of Darkness, when the infected ex-president bites him on the shoulder, leaving a wound. Although Spider-Man is just as ravenous, cannabalistic and disgusting as the other zombies when hungry, when he has eaten, Spider-Man is constantly racked with guilt at what he has done, agonizing over having eaten Mary Jane and Aunt May, but unable to change his nature. At the conclusion of the storyline, Spider-Man is one of the few heroes who become The Galactus, having consumed the original Galactus and subsequently acquiring his cosmic powers. Later, the Marvel Zombies attack a Skrull planet, only to encounter the new Fantastic Four of the core "616" reality — then consisting of Black Panther, Storm, the Thing and the Human Torch- leaving the Zombies eager to capture the FF and transport back to their reality, although the FF manage to escape.
In "Marvel Zombies 2", he is seen with a new cyborg lower leg as well as having his mask repaired as he is seen with it covering his face once again. He has noticed that his hunger is starting to fade, and, as a result, is the first of the Galactus to turn against his fellow zombies, plus Luke Cage joining him as the two confront Wolverine, Hulk, Iron Man, and the other infected. Eventually with the aid of Forge, Malcom, and the Acolytes, the zombies retaining their hunger are defeated, and many of them are violently killed by an infected Hulk, in the process. Spider-Man is one of the zombies that remain after having killed the Hulk with his cosmic powers, and continue to rebuild New Wakanda, and bury the dead.
Having mastered his hunger, Spider-Man is teleported to a new world, where he consumes and infects the Sinister Six except for Sandman who ran away, however, as his cosmic abilities did not come with him, and his webshooters have somehow dried up, the zombified superhero is forced to make do with his own veins and arteries, a process which he finds to be quite painful, though it is commonly known that these Zombies do not feel pain at all. Following the death of the Spider-Man of this universe- killed by Sandman in revenge for the deaths of the Sinister Six after zombie Spider-Man reverted to type and tore the rest of the Six apart after they killed his other self's family- the zombie Spider-Man works on developing a cure for the plague with the aid of the Kitty Pryde of this universe- on the grounds that her powers mean that she would be at no risk from him if he loses control- using nanites and the blood of this world's Wolverine. With the zombie Giant-Man having followed Spider-Man to this new reality — having already infected the Inhumans (comics), the Hulk, and the Sentry, Spider-Man resolves to stop Giant-Man.
Spider-Man managed to get the Earth-Z infected Wolverine, the Hulk, & the half cybernectic Rhodey- the last now living Iron Man with cybernetic limbs, having cut off his infected body parts to escape being turned into a zombie- and dubbed themselves as the New Avengers as they confront Giant-Man with the infected Quicksilver, Thundra, Sentry, Moon Knight, Super Skrull, Quasar and others to which they are responsible for killing Loki, Hawkeye, Captain America, Thor, and other deceased characters listed and shown. Determined to end the zombie plague forever, Spider-Man ordered the team to destroy the canister he was carrying, which released the Sandman, now infused with nanobites, and wiped out every zombie hero and villain. (Giant-Man was destroyed by Sandman) And afterwards, the Zombie Spider-Man thanked Sandman and commented that his Aunt May and Mary Jane were avenged. He died from being exposed to his own weapon, which happened to be Sandman.
"Mutant X".
In the "Mutant X" universe, the Man-Spider has six arms. He was replaced by a clone for many years, but the clone was killed by Hank "Brute" McCoy within the series, at which time the original Man-Spider returned. He was later killed, alongside much of the team.
Newspaper strip.
The Peter Parker of the daily Spider-Man newspaper strip continues his career as a struggling photographer constantly facing down the abuse of his less-than-satisfied boss J. Jonah Jameson, whilst battling crime in his disguise as Spider-Man. In addition to opposing classic enemies, much of the strip sees Peter battle new enemies. He has also teamed up with various heroes through the strip's run, such as Daredevil and Wolverine. He is married to Mary Jane in this continuity, and has often been aided by her in his battles with his enemies.
Pestilence.
Deadpool encounters a version of Spider-Man in a universe which he refers to as "an Age of Apocalypse" (not "the" Age of Apocalypse). This alternative version of Spider-Man is Pestilence, a Horseman of Apocalypse. He has six arms, poisonous fangs, and engages in cannibalism.
"Powerless".
Marvel published a limited series called "Powerless" in 2004, which tells how the Marvel Universe would be without super-powers. In this series, Peter Parker appears as a young man nicknamed Spider-Man on the internet. This version had also been bitten by a radioactive spider, but instead of getting super-powers his hand became atrophic. In this continuity Peter is in love with Gwen Stacy; Mary Jane is not featured.
"Ruins".
Warren Ellis's parody of Kurt Busiek's "Marvels", "Ruins", was a two-part miniseries set in an alternative universe where the situations that led to the heroes of the Marvel Universe gaining superpowers instead led to the more realistic side effects of horrific deformities and deaths. In this world, when Parker was bitten by a radioactive spider, instead of gaining powers, he broke out into an infectious rash that covered his body before his painful death. He had visited the offices of the Daily Bugle beforehand and infected fellow photographer Phil Sheldon, who set off to figure out how his world took a wrong turn, but succumbed to the disease before he could write his book.
Spectacular Spider-Man Adventures.
The United Kingdom based Panini Comics publication "Spectacular Spider-Man Adventures" was loosely based on the continuity of the 1990s animated series. In the series Peter Parker deals with the day-to-day headaches of balancing a social life with his super-heroics. He has a close circle of friends such as Liz Allen, Harry Osborn, and Flash Thompson, and he is involved in a relationship with Mary Jane. However, in this continuity, Mary Jane does not possess an existing knowledge of his dual identity, and thus Peter finds juggling his life with her and his crime-fighting career difficult. Despite this, Mary Jane loyally supports Peter, believing it is his dangerous job as a photographer that keeps him away from dates and other activities. A look into the future reveals Peter and MJ ultimately get married in this continuity, and have a daughter, May, who is active as Spider-Girl. At some point in this future, Peter loses his leg, which forces him to retire as Spider-Man.
Spider-Man 1602.
Peter Parquagh is a counterpart to Peter in the miniseries "Marvel 1602", albeit without powers. In the series he acts as an apprentice to the royal spymaster Sir Nicholas Fury. A running gag involves Peter repeatedly almost getting bitten by unusual spiders, something that finally occurs at the very end. In the sequel, ', he takes the identity of the Spider. Later, Peter's dual identity is revealed, and with the death of his beloved Virginia Dare at the hands of Norman Osborne, he returns to Europe. While in the Globe theatre, he is attacked and killed by the super villain Morlun. Spider-Man 1602 appears in ' as an alternate costume for Spider-Man Noir, and in "Edge of Time" as a costume for Miguel O'Hara.
Spider-Man 2099.
A geneticist named Miguel O'Hara gained his spider-like powers from a gene-splicing incident, when the company he was about to quit injected him with a dangerous drug called Rapture. He tried to rid himself of the drug by using the Gene Slicer he helped to invent, but unbeknownst to him a jealous co-worker had set it to repeat the previous experiment of a spider. The last time they had tried this experiment it killed the test subject (the main reason Miguel O'Hara quit), but this time it worked. Instead of becoming a company owned version of Spider-Man he became the opposite, a Spider-Man to fight Alchemax and the other large corporations ruling the world in 2099. He now fights crime as the Spider-Man of 2099.
He is a playable character in the video games "Spider-Man Shattered Dimensions" and "", with "Edge of Time" seeing him pitted against a psychotic version of Peter Parker in 2099, this Peter having become the CEO of Alchemax and attempting to rewrite the universe to fit his vision. CEO Peter uses an elaborate spider-based robot in his fight against Miguel, but Miguel is able to defeat him by using the tentacles of Atrocity- a twisted hybrid of Anti-Venom, Doctor Octopus, and Alchemax employee Walker Sloan- to weaken CEO Peter's powers.
Spider-Man 2211.
Spider-Man (Max Borne), also known as Spider-Man 2211, is a superhero who appears in comics published by Marvel Comics. Created by Peter David and Rick Leonardi, he first appeared in "Spider-Man 2099 Meets Spider-Man" (November 1995).
Within the context of the stories, Dr. Max Borne is from the year 2211, the Spider-Man of that year. In his first appearance he aids two other Spider-Men, Peter Parker and Miguel O'Hara, in defeating the Hobgoblin of 2211, his main enemy. This Hobgoblin is Robin Borne, his daughter, driven insane when she was infected by a nanovirus. Spider-Man 2211 is later shot and killed by the Chameleon of the year 2211, posing as Uncle Ben.
Spider-Man: Chapter One.
The miniseries , was John Byrne's attempt to reimagine Spider-Man's early years, (similar to the revamp given to Superman), giving him a new but similar origin. The series is no longer considered canon.
"Spider-Man: India".
"Spider-Man: India" is a comic book originally published in India by Gotham Entertainment Group in 2004, retelling the story of Spider-Man in an Indian setting. The main character is named Pavitr Prabhakar to maintain the Indian adaptation.
"Spider-Man: Noir".
This version of Spider-Man appeared in a 4 issue miniseries (Feb-May 2009). He exists in the Great Depression Era of New York in the 1930s. Aunt May is a speaker of equality and spends time standing on a soap box shouting her beliefs. Uncle Ben was killed by a crime syndicate run by Norman Osborn, aka The Goblin. Shortly afterward, Peter is bitten by a strange spider and endowed with mystical spider-powers. Though he has no wall-crawling ability, he has increased agility, strength, a form of spider-sense, and can spray nets of webbing from his hand. He then dons a black mask, gloves, and a trenchcoat and sets out to stop Norman and his gang.
This version of Spider-Man appears in the game, .
"Spider-Man: Reign".
"" depicts an older Spider-Man in the future who, having given up on crime-fighting, is driven back into action by the return of some of his old enemies, exposing a conspiracy by Venom to take control of the city with a mass of symbiotes.
Spider-Man Unlimited.
This version of Spider-Man, after being blamed by J. Jonah Jameson for his son's disappearance exploring another planet, Counter-Earth, designs a new costume with sonic weaponry and stealth capabilities using nanotechnology borrowed from Reed Richards. Traveling to Counter-Earth himself, he joins a group of human revolutionaries led by John Jameson himself in resisting the High Evolutionary and his tyrannical rule, in which humans are brutally oppressed and the half-human, half-animal Beastials form the social elite. He also battles Venom and Carnage, who traveled with Jameson to Counter-Earth and are plotting to infect the entire planet with symbiotes.
"Spider-Verse".
In the Spider-Verse event, a multitude of new Spider-Men (and women) from throughout the multiverse are revealed. These include:
"Ultimate Spider-Man".
"Ultimate Spider-Man" is a modernized reboot of the Spider-Man story, starting from the very beginning, with a plot that is inspired by, but very different from, the original continuity. The main purpose of the series is to be accessible to new and young readers, as it is free from the decades of history of the original, but it has been embraced by many longtime fans as well.
In "Ultimate Spider-Man", Peter is a high-school student who is bitten by a spider during a school field trip—but instead of a radioactive spider (which reflected the Atomic Age in which Spider-Man's origin was written), it is a lab subject that has been genetically modified by Osborn Industries. The themes, characterization, and setting are updated to reflect modern life. It is set in the Ultimate Marvel universe.
In the on-going series , a second Spider-Man was shown to be one of its members, and is simply referred to as the Spider, and his costume bears an orange-and-purple color, as oppose to red-and-blue. In "Death of Spider-Man" story arc, "Avengers vs. New Ultimates", he is revealed to be North Asian, and under the orders of Gregory Stark, led a superhuman uprising in North Korea. During the events of said uprising he was killed by Hawkeye after the Avengers and the New Ultimates intervened.
After Peter Parker's apparent death in "Ultimate Comics Spider-Man" #160 a new character by the name of Miles Morales takes up the mantle of Spider-Man as a thirteen-year-old superhero.
In "Miles Morales: Ultimate Spider-Man" #1 Peter Parker is revealed to be alive and meets his successor for the first time.
This Spider-Man also appears along Amazing, Noir, 2099 Spider-Men in the game "Spider-Man Shattered Dimensions" wearing the black symbiote suit.
Wolverine: Old Man Logan.
In this alternative timeline, Spider-Man was killed (possibly by Venom) during or sometime after the big battle between heroes and villains, where the villains won. In this timeline, he married an unknown African American woman and had a daughter, who eventually married Hawkeye and had a child of their own. Hawkeye won in a poker game and customized the Spider-Mobile after his death.
X-Men Forever.
In the "X-Men Forever" universe, after the X-Men have faked their deaths, Spider-Man runs into Rogue during a patrol, Rogue having recently unintentionally absorbed Nightcrawler's powers and appearance. Testing her new powers, Rogue spends the night fighting crime alongside Spider-Man, later suggesting that the two kiss to see how her recent transformation has affected her original abilities. After Spider-Man assists the X-Men in destroying a group of Sentinels, the X-Men return to the manor, Cyclops concluding that Spider-Man can be trusted to keep the secret of their continued survival.
Mainstream continuity.
In the comic books, other characters use the Spider-Man identity. Some of these exist in the mainstream Marvel Universe (Earth-616):
Other characters have used similar themes: 
Derivatives.
Spider-Man has also inspired a number of derivatives:

</doc>
<doc id="9713418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713418" title="Whiteworks">
Whiteworks

Whiteworks (or White Works) is a former mining hamlet near the town of Princetown, within Dartmoor National Park, in the English county of Devon. Tin mining is central to the history of settlement at Whiteworks, which was once home to one of Dartmoor's largest tin mines. The original cottages and their inhabitants were related to this industry, until the area became used increasingly for farming in the 20th century. The site has now largely been abandoned, although Whiteworks is still on the route of many walks including Abbots Way Walk passes 500mts to the west.
Geography.
Whiteworks is situated in an area of open moorland about south-east of Princetown, overlooking the notoriously dangerous Fox Tor Mires. A difficult path leads across the mires to Fox Tor itself, which lies about south-east of the hamlet. Vehicle access to Whiteworks is via a narrow dead-end road branching off from the B3212 at Princetown. This road is an extension of the one constructed by Sir Thomas Tyrwhitt to his property at Tor Royal. 
The granite at Whiteworks has been subject to a process of kaolinisation: the feldspar minerals have decomposed to form a white clay known as kaolin. As a result, when the tin ore cassiterite was mined there, it was white in colour, giving the name 'White Works' to the site.
There are a few species of moss particular to the Whiteworks area, namely "Polytrichum urnigerum", which is found in streams, and "Bryum turbinatum".
History.
According to the evidence of stannary rolls, tin working at the Whiteworks mine site dates back to 1180, when it was associated with mediaeval field systems on the eastern edge of Fox Tor. More active mining began around 1790, when the Industrial Revolution began to fuel demand for tin, while also providing the technology to move from opencast mining to subsurface methods, previously impossible on the difficult Dartmoor terrain. Initially, there were no tin smelting houses operating in Devon, so Whiteworks sent tin ore to Calenick Smelting House, near the Cornish town of Truro. 
Mining continued irregularly during the 19th century, accompanied by drainage work designed to make the Fox Tor Mire safer. During part of this time the mine was one of the largest on Dartmoor, along with Eylesbarrow and Gobbet. At the beginning of the 1870s, for example, the mine produced 8-9 tons of tin ore per year. At this time, the mine was owned by Tavistock-based mining entrepreneur Moses Bawden. 
By the 1880s the mine was disused, although a revival of ore values at the beginning of the 20th century meant that mining activity was briefly recommenced. Mining at the site then ceased completely in 1914. For these final years of activity, the mine was under shared ownership with Golden Dagger Mine and Hexworthy Mine. Around the turn of the century, a new farmhouse had also been constructed, and with the cessation of mining activity, the land around Whiteworks was increasingly used for livestock farming and breeding animals such as ponies. 
By the 1980s, Whiteworks had mostly been abandoned and some of the buildings, including the farmhouse, were demolished by the Dartmoor National Park Authority. A few cottages remain complete, one of which is owned by Plymouth College and used as a base for outdoor activities. Other buildings, related to previous mining or farming activities, lie in ruins, interspersed with the fenced-off remains of mine shafts. These ruins, combined with the surrounding geography, make Whiteworks a popular location for hikers, especially on walks starting in Princetown.
The annual Abbots Way Walk on the 1st Sunday in October on its way from Buckfast Abbey to Tavistock pass with 500mtrs of Whiteworks.
Cultural references.
The hamlet appears in the novel "Miser's Money", by Dartmoor author Eden Phillpotts. The area around Whiteworks also provided inspiration to Arthur Conan Doyle for the Sherlock Holmes story "The Hound of the Baskervilles": it is believed that the Fox Tor Mire is the location of the fictional Grimpen Mire, which would place Baskerville Hall on the site of the cottages at Whiteworks.

</doc>
<doc id="9713429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713429" title="Spider-Man in other media">
Spider-Man in other media

Spider-Man is a fictional comic book character who has been adapted in various other media.
Television.
Spider-Man has been adapted to television many times, as a short-lived live-action television series, a Japanese tokusatsu series, and several animated cartoon series. There were also the "Spidey Super Stories" segments on the PBS educational series "The Electric Company", which featured a Spider-Man (played by Danny Seagren) who did not speak out loud but instead used only word balloons.
Film.
All of the official "Spider-Man" films rank among the list of highest-grossing films.
Novels and books.
Spider-Man features in three original Marvel novels published in the 1970s by Pocket Books -- "Mayhem in Manhattan" by Len Wein and Marv Wolfman, and "Crime Campaign" and "Murder Moon", both by Paul Kupperberg. In the 1990s, Byron Preiss published a series of novels based on Marvel Comics, edited by Keith R. A. DeCandido, and written by various authors including Adam-Troy Castro, Tom DeFalco, and Diane Duane; Preiss also published two Spider-Man short-story anthologies. Byron Preiss' license eventually lapsed, and the new licensee, Pocket Star (an imprint of Pocket Books), released "Down These Mean Streets," by DeCandido, in 2005. In 2006, they released "The Darkest Hours" by Jim Butcher, and in 2007, "Drowned in Thunder" by Christopher L. Bennett. Some of the Preiss novels were team-ups with other Marvel characters (including the X-Men, Iron Man, and the Hulk), while others were solo adventures. The Byron Preiss novels shared a common continuity and occasionally referenced events in earlier novels, while later novels included a time-line.
A number of Spider-Man children's books have also been published, from early readers and picture books to novels. Guide books include DK Publishing's "Spider-Man: The Ultimate Guide", by Tom DeFalco and "Spider-Man: Inside the World of Your Friendly Neighborhood Hero" by Matthew K. Manning.
Newspaper strip.
The daily newspaper comic strip "The Amazing Spider-Man" debuted on January 3, 1977. Produced by Marvel and syndicated by the Register and Tribune Syndicate through 1985, Cowles Media Company in 1986, and King Features Syndicate since, the comic strip was successful in an era with few serialized adventure strips. The strip slowly grew in circulation and as of 2012 is still being published. It was first written by Spider-Man co-creator Stan Lee and illustrated by John Romita, Sr.. Stan Lee's brother, Larry Lieber, illustrated and later wrote the strip for much of its run. In 1992, Paul Ryan took over the penciling (with Joe Sinnott inking) on the Sunday version of the strip and drew that feature for three years. Since 1997, the daily strips are pencilled by Larry Lieber and inked by Alex Saviuk, while the Sunday strips are pencilled by Saviuk and inked by Joe Sinnott. In recent years, Roy Thomas has provided a non-credited script assist to Stan on the strip, with Roy writing of his role in the strip recently in his editorials within his ALTER-EGO magazine/fanzine published by TwoMorrows .
Early story arcs in the newspaper strip were paced much like a comic book, and a complete story unfolded in about 2 months of Sunday and daily strips. While the strip and the comic book feature the same characters, they do not share the same continuity. The strip differs from the established story lines of the comic books, most notably in the villains who Spider-Man fights and the women who Peter Parker dates. Many villains were introduced that have never appeared in other media, including the Rattler, a man who acquired snakelike characteristics. A rare exception was the 1987 wedding of Peter Parker and Mary Jane Watson which occurred in both the comic book and the comic strip.
On December 31, 2008, the strip announced major changes. The following day, the strip underwent a reboot restoring Peter Parker as an unmarried young man living alone in a renovated apartment, attending college, and dating longtime best friend Mary Jane whenever she is available. On January 3, it was revealed in a caption that the timeline of the rebooted strip is set "in the days before Peter and Mary Jane were married". On May 24, 2009, the marriage was restored to the dailies, with the previous storyline involving Electro having been revealed to be a dream. The revelation dawns on Peter as Mary Jane walks out of the shower, paying homage to the infamous cliffhanger of "Dallas" involving the return of Patrick Duffy as Bobby Ewing, while at the same time taking a jab at the mainstream comics' storyline "". Currently, the strip is the only place where fans can still read of a happily married Peter and Mary Jane.
Guest stars in the newspaper strip include Wolverine, Daredevil and Doctor Strange. Villains include Dr. Doom, Kraven the Hunter, the Rhino and Mysterio.
One story-line featuring Sandman referenced the events of "Spider-Man 3".
Reprints.
Pocket Books released two paperbacks reprinting stories from the strip in 1980.
Panini Publishing UK published "The Daily Adventures of the Amazing Spider-Man" in the United Kingdom in 2007. The black-and-white trade paperback collection reprints the first two years of the newspaper strip.
Marvel has published two hardcover volumes of newspaper strips, reprinting stories from 1977-1980. The first, "Spider-Man Newspaper Strips Volume 1", was published in 2009, reprinting stories by Stan Lee and John Romita, Sr. "Spider-Man Newspaper Strips Volume 2" was published in 2011, reprinting stories by Lee, Romita, and Larry Lieber.
Radio series.
In 1995, BBC Radio commissioned a Spider-Man audio book which aired on BBC Radio 1 over 50 episodes on week days between January 15, 1996 and March 24, 1996. The performance was co-produced by Brian May, who also contributed to the musical arrangement and wrote and performed the theme tune.
The scope of the story included a number of familiar characters from the Spider-Man comic books as well as key figures from the Marvel Universe such as the Fantastic Four, Namor the Submariner, and Doctor Doom. The role of Spider-Man was performed by William Dufries. The cast list included "EastEnders" star Anita Dobson.
Spider-Woman motion comics.
Spider-Man appears in the Spider-Woman motion comics. In this series, he is voiced by Geoff Boothby.
Theatre.
At the Butlins family entertainment resorts in the UK a musical titled "Spider-Man On Stage" played in 1999. The show contained music by Henry Marsh and Phil Pickett and a book and lyrics by David H. Bell. The original cast album by Varios Records runs 44 minutes.
In 2002, the company 2MA produced the first live-action Spider-Man stunt show, staged in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The same show played at Thorpe Park in Surrey, England in 2003 and 2004. Spider-Man has also made stage appearances in Pantomime at the Birmingham Hippodrome Theatre and the Churchill Theatre, Bromley UK. In 2003 a similar stage show called "Spider-Man Live!" toured North America.
At Universal Studios Hollywood in Los Angeles, California, a musical stage version (loosely based on the 2002 live-action film and based on the comics) titled "Spider-Man Rocks!" was produced, combined singing and action stunt sequences similar to a Broadway musical. The attraction ran from May 2002 to August 2004, when it was replaced by Fear Factor Live! Because it is loosely based on the 2002 film, Green Goblin is basically in his comic book form instead of his movie form.
A Broadway musical titled "" opened at the Foxwoods Theatre in New York on June 14, 2011. The show is directed by Julie Taymor and features music by Bono and The Edge. The production stars Reeve Carney, Jennifer Damiano, T.V. Carpio and Patrick Page. The much-in-the-news troubled musical, is the most expensive piece of live theatre to date, and features high-flying action sequences and stunts. It holds the record for the most preview performances, with 182 before its opening.
Spider-Man will be featured in "", an upcoming 2014 arena show.
Games.
Dozens of computer and video games starring Spider-Man, based on comics, animation, and movies, have been released for over 15 different gaming platforms. Spider-Man editions of Monopoly, chess, pinball, and many other games have also been made. Spider-Man has been included in every Marvel expansion of the tabletop miniature game Heroclix released to date. Spider-Man cards have been included in both the Overpower and VS System card games.
In 1980, D. Gottlieb & Co. released "The Amazing Spider-Man" pinball machine, designed by Ed Krinski as part of their Star Series 80 line. The line continued well into the early 1980s.
"The Amazing Spider-Man", a puzzle-oriented action game developed by Oxford Digital Enterprises and released in 1990 for the Amiga, then later ported to PC:DOS, Commodore 64, and Atari ST. The title was published by Paragon Software Corporation and features over 250 screens.
In 1990, "The Amazing Spider-Man vs. The Kingpin", developed and published by Sega, premiered on the Sega Master System and was later ported to the Mega Drive/Genesis in 1991, the Sega Game Gear in 1992, and the Sega Mega-CD in 1993. Fundamentally, the game is the same on each platform with each iteration including new levels, enhanced graphics and a few incremental improvements to the game play. The story involves Spider-Man trying to collect six keys from six villains to defuse a bomb in New York planted by the Kingpin. Spider-Man has a finite supply of webfluid and the only way to replenish is to take photos, most profitably of the supervillains, to sell to the "Daily Bugle".
"The Amazing Spider-Man" is the title of a video game released for the original Nintendo Game Boy. It was published in 1990 by LJN Ltd. (a subsidiary of Acclaim), and developed by Rare. It is a platform side scrolling action game. The game play involves running across New York chasing supervillains to locate Mary Jane Watson.
"The Amazing Spider-Man 2" was released the following year and was developed by B.I.T.S. The game is a side-scrolling beat-'em up. Spider-Man attempts to clear his name after he is accused of a crime committed by the Hobgoblin. In 1993, B.I.T.S. released the third in the series titled, "".
As well as various games based on the "Spider-Man" license, Spider-Man has also appeared in a few cross-over titles. He appears as a guest character in ' and "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2", as well as appearing in both ' games. He is also a playable character in Capcom's series of Marvel-based fighting games, first appearing in "Marvel Super Heroes" as well as every game in the "Marvel vs. Capcom" series of games starting from "Marvel Super Heroes vs. Street Fighter". While not appearing in the main series due to licensing issues, Spider-Man appears in "Marvel Super Hero Squad", ', and "Marvel Super Hero Squad Online" as a playable character. He appears as a playable character in the Facebook game '.
Spider-Man also appears an a non-playable character in the 2003 game, "" and is voiced by Rino Romano. He is also mentioned in the 2013 video game "Deadpool".
Spider-Man is a playable character in the 2014 game "".
Toys.
According to "ToyFare" magazine, more action figures of Spider-Man have been released than any other character except Batman. The first major Spider-Man toy was the 1966 Captain Action Spider-Man by the Ideal Toy Company, a costume made for the Captain Action figure. It is estimated only 17-22 exist in the original box. "ToyFare" listed this Spider-Man as the most valuable action figure at $15,000 and up.
Numerous other Spider-Man action figures have been produced, from the "Secret Wars" line from Mattel, to the more recent from Toy Biz and Hasbro, (especially in the Spider-Man Classics line, Spider-Man movie lines, and the Marvel Legends line). Lego and Minimates versions have also been made. Over 8,000 toys, collectibles and miscellaneous memorabilia are in existence.
Real-life Spider-Men.
Real-life "Spider-Men" include:
References.
See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Footnotes for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags, and the template below.

</doc>
<doc id="9713506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713506" title="Tom Edens">
Tom Edens

Thomas Patrick Edens (born June 9, 1961 in Ontario, Oregon, United States) is a former Major League Baseball player. Edens was drafted 14th overall by the Kansas City Royals in 1983 and pitched all or part of seven seasons in the majors between and for six different teams.
His best year was 1992 with the Minnesota Twins as a middle reliever, when he posted a 2.83 ERA with 3 saves and a 6–3 record over 52 appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="9713513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713513" title="Edmund Dunch (Whig)">
Edmund Dunch (Whig)

Edmund Dunch (or Dunche) (14 December 1657 Westminster – 31 May 1719 Little Wittenham) was Master of the Royal Household to Queen Anne and a British Member of Parliament (MP).
Biography.
Dunch was born in Little Jermyn Street, London, 14 December 1657, and baptised 1 January 1658. He joined heartily in the Glorious Revolution of 1688, and seems to have been a Whig throughout life. From January 1701 to July 1702, and from May 1705 to August 1713, he represented in parliament the borough of Cricklade.In the ensuing House of Commons (November 1713 to January 1715) he sat for Boroughbridge in Yorkshire, and from the general election in January 1715 until his death he was member for Wallingford, a constituency which several of his ancestors had served in parliament. The freedom of the borough Wallingford had been conferred on him on 17 October 1695, and he was at one time proposed as its high steward, but was defeated by Lord Abingdon, who polled fifteen votes to his six.
On 2 May 1702 Dunch married Elizabeth Godfrey, one of the maids of honour to the queen, and one of the two daughters and coheiresses of Colonel Charles Godfrey, by Arabella Churchill, sister to the Duke of Marlborough. Her elder sister Charlotte, married Hugh Boscawen, afterwards Lord Falmouth. It was rumoured in June 1702 that he would be created a baron of England; gossip asserted in April 1704 that Colonel Godfrey would become cofferer of the household, and that Dunch would succeed his father-in-law as master of the jewel office; and a third rumour, in 1708, was that Dunch would be made comptroller of the household. The place of master of the household to Queen Anne was the reward of his services on 6 October 1708; when the comptrollership fell vacant on Sir Thomas Felton's death, in March 1709, Dunch tried for it in vain; he was deprived of the mastership in 1710, but was reappointed 9 October 1714.
Dench was a member of the Kit-Kat Club, a dining and gathering point for Whigs supporters and as was the custom of the club his portrait was duly painted and engraved. He also had a reputation as a gambler and bon-vivant and is said to have clipped his fortunes by his gambling. He died on 31 May 1719 and was buried in the family vault at Little Wittenham Church on 4 June, near Wallingford, in Oxfordshire (then Berkshire), in the village where the family had had their seat for over 170 years.
Family.
Many of Edmund's forebears had been parliamentarians, particularly representing Wallingford. William Dunch, auditor to the Mint for Henry VIII and Edward IV, represented Wallingford (1563), and was High Sheriff of Berkshire (1569–1570). It was William who bought the manor of Little Wittenham in 1552, which was the family seat. His son, Sir Edmund Dunch (1551–1623), represented Wallingford in 1571 and was High Sheriff of Berkshire (1586–1587). His son Sir William Dunch (1578–1611) represented Wallingford in 1603. He married Mary Cromwell in 1599, the daughter of Sir Henry Cromwell and aunt to Oliver Cromwell. It is believed that Mother Dunch's Buttocks, the variant name for the two rounded local hills Wittenham Clumps, is associated with her. William's brother Samuel (1592–1666) represented Wallingford in 1620. William's son, Edmund (1603–1678), was Governor of Wallingford Castle, and later became Baron Burnell of East Wittenham, though he lost this title at the Restoration (this being the only title conferred by the Protector and not confirmed by Charles II). He too represented Wallingford in 1627 and 1640, and was High Sheriff of Berkshire. Edmund’s son Hungerford Dunch (1639–1680) was returned for Wallingford in 1660 but elected to serve for Cricklade. Hungerford's son was this Edmund Dunch (1657–1719). Edmund, who had no sons, was the last Dunch to represent Wallingford. Edmund Dunch's daughter Arabella married Yorkshire politician Edward Thompson, Elizabeth married Sir George Oxenden, 5th Baronet (1694–1775) (MP for Sandwich 1720-1754) and Harriet married Robert Montagu, 3rd Duke of Manchester.
With the death of Edmund Dunch, the male line of this branch then became extinct, but he had cut off the entail of the property and left it to his four daughters—Elizabeth, married in 1729 to Sir George Oxenden; Harriet, the wife (3 April 1735) of the third Duke of Manchester; Catherine, who died young and unmarried; and Arabella, the wife (6 Feb. 1725) of Edward Thompson, M.P. for York. The fate of the last lady is told by Lord Hervey, in his "Memoirs of the Reign of George II," ii. 346. According to this chronicler she had two children by Sir George Oxenden, and on his account was separated from her husband, and died in childbirth. An elegy to Mrs. Thompson was written by Lady Mary Wortley Montagu, and is printed in her ‘Letters’ (1861 ed.), ii. 484–5. Dunch was first cousin twice removed of Oliver Cromwell. His wife, who was one of the beauties commemorated in the Kit-Cat Club verses, was half-sister to the illegitimate children of James II.

</doc>
<doc id="9713516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713516" title="José Jesús Perera">
José Jesús Perera

José Jesús Perera López (born 12 April 1980 in Olivenza, Badajoz) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a striker.
Club career.
A prolific goalscorer in the second division, notably scoring 22 league goals for Albacete Balompié in the 2002–03 season, Perera struggled to maintain the same rate in the top flight in his four La Liga campaigns (two with both RCD Mallorca and Celta de Vigo). His best input came in 2003–04, as he netted six times for the Balearic Islands club.
In the 2007–08 season, Perera scored 15 league goals for a Galician squad that failed to return to the top level – he would immediately move teams again, joining Rayo Vallecano. Rarely used during the campaign he was loaned in July 2009 two another side in the category, Elche CF, in a season-long move; the move was made permanent in August 2010.
In July 2011 Perera he signed with CD Atlético Baleares, in the third level. In his first and only full season he netted 23 goals in only 32 matches, but his team failed to promote eventually. 
In January 2013 Perera signed with another club in division three, Gimnàstic de Tarragona. After one and 1/2 seasons with the Catalans, he left the club after the expiry of his contract.

</doc>
<doc id="9713518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713518" title="Robert Graf (actor)">
Robert Graf (actor)

Robert Graf (November 18, 1923 - February 4, 1966) was a German actor who had the role as "Werner" in the 1963 movie "The Great Escape". Graf was born in Witten, Germany in 1923. In 1952, Graf married the actress Selma Urfer and had three children. He was the father of the director Dominik Graf. Robert Graf died of cancer in Munich in 1966 at age 42.

</doc>
<doc id="9713559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713559" title="Kevin Foster (baseball)">
Kevin Foster (baseball)

Kevin Christopher Foster (January 13, 1969 – October 11, 2008) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of seven seasons in Major League Baseball between 1993 and 2001.
He was born in Evanston, Illinois, and picked up the Chicago Cubs first victory against the Chicago White Sox in an interleague game at Comiskey Park. He also played for the independent St. Paul Saints of the Northern League in 2003 and 2004.
Foster died of renal cancer on October 11, 2008 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
Was known for having a higher than high fastball which was known to trick batters into swinging at a ball head high.

</doc>
<doc id="9713562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713562" title="IP Federation">
IP Federation

The IP Federation (formerly the "Trade Marks, Patents and Designs Federation" or TMPDF) is a United Kingdom industry intellectual property trade association. It was founded in 1920. The TMDPF adopted its new name, i.e. the "IP Federation", in January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="9713579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713579" title="Music of the African diaspora">
Music of the African diaspora

Music of the African diaspora was mostly refined and developed during the period of slavery. Slaves did not have easy access to instruments, so vocal work took on new significance. Through chants and work songs people of African descent preserved elements of their African heritage while inventing new genres of music. The culmination of this great sublimation of musical energy into vocal work can be seen in genres as disparate as Gospel Music and Hip-Hop. The music of the African diaspora makes frequent use of ostinato, a motif or phrase which is persistently repeated at the same pitch. The repeating idea may be a rhythmic pattern, part of a tune, or a complete melody. The banjo is a direct decedent of the Akonting created by the Jola people, found in Senegal, Gambia and Guinea-Bissau in West Africa. Hence, the melodic traditions of the African diaspora are probably most alive in Blues and Jazz. 
Caribbean.
Cuba and Latin music in the Caribbean.
The roots of most Cuban music forms lie in the cabildos, a form of social club among African slaves brought to the island. Traditional Afro-Cuban styles, include son, Batá and yuka and Rumba.
Haiti and Francophone music in the Caribbean.
Haitian music is familiar to people in the English-speaking world as Méringue. It developed during the early decades of the 19th century. When jazz became popular worldwide, mini-jazz ("mini-djaz" in Haitian Creole) was created as Haiti's local variety. Kadans, Haitian Creole for cadence, followed the mini-jazz era. Kadans had an influence on the development of Zouk in the French-speaking Antilles of the Caribbean. Haiti's most well-known modern music genre is Compas music. It was first popularized in the 1950s by Nemours Jean Baptiste.
Zouk music.
Zouk is a style of music originating in Guadeloupe and Martinique during the 1980s. It has many influences, from Haitian, calypso, beguine and compas. The conventional zouk sound has a slow tempo, and it is sung in Antillean Creole, although it also has varieties that have developed in francophone Africa. It is popular throughout the French-speaking world, including Franc and Quebec.
Former British West Indies and the Lesser Antilles.
Jamaica.
Early forms of Afro-Caribbean music in Jamaica was Junkanoo, (a type of folk music now more closely associated with The Bahamas), the quadrille (a European dance) and work songs were the primary forms of Jamaican music at the beginning of the 20th century. These were synthesized into mento music, which spread across the island. In the 20th century influences from the United States were fused to create the uniquely Jamaican forms dancehall and ska. Subsequent styles include reggae, rocksteady and raggamuffin.(Mical 1995)
Lesser Antilles.
As is the case throughout the Caribbean, Lesser Antillean musical cultures are largely based on the music of African slaves brought by European traders and colonizers. The African musical elements are a hybrid of instruments and styles from numerous West African tribes, while the European slaveholders added their own musics into the mix, as did immigrants from India.
The ex-British colonies include Trinidad and Tobago, whose calypso style is an especially potent part of the music of the other former British colonies, which also share traditions like the Big Drum dance. Trinidadian folk calypso is found throughout the area, as are African-Caribbean religious music styles like the Shango music of Trinidad. Calypso's early rise was closely connected with the adoption of Carnival by Trinidadian slaves, including camboulay drumming and the music masquerade processions. In the 1970s, a calypso variant called soca arose, characterized by a focus on dance rhythms rather than lyricism. Soca has since spread across the Caribbean and abroad.
Steel drums are a distinctively Trinidadian ensemble that evolved from improvised percussion instruments used in Carnival processions. Steel bands were banned by the British colonial authorities. Nevertheless, steel drums spread across the Caribbean, and are now an entrenched part of the culture of Trinidad and Tobago.
The French islands of Martinique and Guadeloupe share the popular "zouk" style and have also had extensive musical contact with the music of Haiti, itself once a French colony though not part of the Lesser Antilles. The Dutch colonies of Curaçao, Bonaire and Aruba share the combined rhythm popular style. The islands also share a passion for kaseko, a genre of Surinamese music; Suriname and its neighbors Guyana and French Guiana share folk and popular styles that are connected enough to the Antilles and other Caribbean islands that both countries are studied in the broader context of Antillean or Caribbean music.
United States.
When African-Americans came to the United States they brought their music with them. Over time, a new genre of music developed, called spirituals. Spirituals were the songs that the enslaved Africans sang. Most have religious texts, and they were sung by the enslaved Africans at many different times, including while working, in prayer meetings, and in black churches. They helped the enslaved Africans cope with slavery. They were composed by the community and the genre came out of the enslaved African experience. 
Spirituals developed because the enslaved Africans masters forced Christianity onto them. Through Christianity, the enslaved Africans learned many hymns. Eventually, the hymns and the text of the Bible combined with many elements of music that the enslaved Africans had brought with them from Africa, such as antiphony (the call-and-response pattern) and syncopation. This eventually formed into the genre called Spirituals. 
Many other African-American music genres, such as gospel and jazz, developed from this genre.

</doc>
<doc id="9713585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713585" title="Bussières">
Bussières

Bussières is the name of the following communes in France:

</doc>
<doc id="9713587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713587" title="Mafalda Pinto">
Mafalda Pinto

Mafalda Rodiles Soares Correia Pinto (born 10 February 1983) is a Portuguese actress and model. She played one of the main characters - Carlota Antunes - in the second season of the teen hit series "Morangos com Açúcar" (2004/05), where she became popular.
Later, she was one of the hosts of the talk-show "6Teen" (2005/06). 
She has continued to integrate other soap opera casts, such as "Tempo de Viver" (2006), "Floribella" (2006), "Ilha dos Amores" (2007) and "Casos da Vida" (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="9713604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713604" title="Trần Vàng Sao">
Trần Vàng Sao

Tran Vang Sao (born Nguyễn Đính in 1942) is a Vietnamese poet.
He was born in Huế, where he now lives. His father was killed by the French during the First Indochina War. During the Vietnam War, he was a contributor to the underground newspaper "Thanh Niên Chống Mỹ" ["Youths against America"] . He joined the National Liberation Front in 1965, lived in areas under its control, broadcasting propaganda until 1969, when he was injured and removed to the north . In spite of his allegiance to the Communist cause during the war—his pen name, "Vàng Sao", means "Yellow Star", a reference to the national flag—he has been blacklisted since 1972.
He had been imprisoned , and his manuscripts have been confiscated . His poems have been translated into English and published in the journals "American Poetry Review" (Vol.28/No.1, Jan/Feb 1999) and "The Literary Review" (Winter 1999).

</doc>
<doc id="9713637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713637" title="George Steeves">
George Steeves

George Steeves (b. ca. 1945) is a Canadian art photographer noted for his highly personal work. He has been called by art historian and curator Martha Langford, “among the foremost figures of contemporary Canadian photography.”
Life.
Born in Moncton, New Brunswick, he attended school in Ottawa and studied engineering at Carleton University and Cornell University, Ithaca, New York. He has lived in Halifax, Nova Scotia since 1973 and worked as an engineer with the Bedford Institute of Oceanography, where he was supervisor of mechanical and oceanographic systems development before retiring in 2006. In the 1970s, he began making urban landscape photographs using an 8x10 negative camera and developing and printing his own work. In 1981, inspired by local performance artist Ellen Pierce, he decided to focus on figurative work. Apparently needing to know his subjects very well before photographing them, he often spends more time talking than actually taking pictures. He has forged deep friendships with some of his subjects, whom he has continued to photograph on numerous occasions. With this approach, and the trust he engenders in his subjects, he has achieved a deeply personal, intimate body of work. 
Probably because of the often erotic nature of his pictures, he has worked largely in obscurity within his own community. A 1989 exhibit at the Nova Scotia College of Art and Design was publicly opposed and posters were removed. After the show ended, his works were damaged when they were removed from the walls. A 1993 exhibition at the Canadian Museum of Contemporary Photography in Ottawa was more successful. His work has also been shown at the Louisiana Museum of Modern Art in Denmark and the Saidye Bronfman Centre for the Arts in Montreal. A thirty-year retrospective exhibition was mounted at Mount Saint Vincent University Art Gallery in 2007 and in 2011 he curated and wrote the catalogue essay for the exhibition, Lisette Model: A Performance in Photography which ran from October 8 through November 20, 2011 at MSVU Art Gallery. His works are included in the collections of the National Gallery of Canada and Mount Saint Vincent University. He currently lives and works in Halifax with his wife, Ingrid Jenkner.

</doc>
<doc id="9713639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713639" title="List of musical genres of the African diaspora">
List of musical genres of the African diaspora


</doc>
<doc id="9713647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713647" title="Bill Hands">
Bill Hands

William Alfred "Bill" Hands, Jr. (born May 6, 1940 in Hackensack, New Jersey, United States), is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the major leagues from 1965 to 1975. Hands' best season came in 1969 with the Chicago Cubs, when he won 20 games.
A native of Rutherford, New Jersey, Hands played high school baseball at Rutherford High School.

</doc>
<doc id="9713648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713648" title="Divenire">
Divenire

Divenire (in English "to become") is a collaboration of Piano and Orchestra generated by Italian composer Ludovico Einaudi. The album includes The Intouchables' soundtrack "Fly". Released in 2006, the album also includes his critically acclaimed track "Primavera". Shortly after its release, Einaudi went on tour to various places in the UK, playing both the music on Divenire and orchestral arrangements of his most famous works to promote the album. It was recorded by the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Robert Ziegler with the composer, Ludovico Einaudi, as the piano Master.
Special Edition.
A special edition with three bonus tracks has been released.

</doc>
<doc id="9713653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713653" title="Bussières, Seine-et-Marne">
Bussières, Seine-et-Marne

Bussières is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Demographics.
The inhabitants are called "Buissiérois".

</doc>
<doc id="9713660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713660" title="Taylor (surname)">
Taylor (surname)

Taylor ("\ta(y)-lor\") is a surname in the English language which originated as an occupational surname (meaning tailor) in England It is derived from the Old French "" ("cutter"), which is in turn derived from the Late Latin "taliator", from "taliare" ("to cut"). The first historical evidence of the surname dates to the County of Somerset, South West England in 1182, and the first mention in Scottish records to circa 1276. According to the UK National Trust surname profiler, Taylor is the fifth most common surname in the United Kingdom. It is also common in other English speaking countries (especially Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United States, where it was the tenth most frequently encountered surname in the 2000 US Census), but has a low incidence in Ireland, where it is mostly concentrated in the North.

</doc>
<doc id="9713672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9713672" title="1998 Scott Tournament of Hearts">
1998 Scott Tournament of Hearts

The 1998 Scott Tournament of Hearts Canadian women's national curling championship, was played in Regina, Saskatchewan. The home province of Saskatchewan would be represented by two teams, as the Sandra Schmirler rink was the defending champions team Canada. It would be the final Tournament of Hearts Sandra Schmirler would play in before her death in 2000.

</doc>
