<doc id="9687353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687353" title="Glen Oaks, Queens">
Glen Oaks, Queens

Glen Oaks is a middle class neighborhood in the easternmost portion of the New York City Borough of Queens. The neighborhood is part of Queens Community Board 13.
Location.
Glen Oaks lies between Grand Central Parkway to the north, Union Turnpike to the south, the Queens/Nassau county border (Lakeville Road) to the east, and the Cross Island Parkway to the west. In this area, the Queens/Nassau border separates New York City from the Village of Lake Success. The Queens/Nassau border is referred to locally as "the city line" and is so designated on New York City buses. Union Turnpike is the main commercial road in the area.
The northern edge of Glen Oaks is a line of hills which are part of the terminal moraine of the last glacial period. These hills include the highest point in Queens: above sea level.
The southern part of Glen Oaks is a glacial outwash plain.
The postal ZIP code zones for this area do not follow political boundaries, even crossing the city line. The easternmost part of the neighborhood is in the 11040 zip code, addressed as New Hyde Park. The northernmost part of the neighborhood—the North Shore Towers complex—is in the 11005 zip code, addressed as Floral Park. The portion of the neighborhood west of Little Neck Parkway—other than the Queens County Farm Museum—is in the 11426 zip code, addressed as Bellerose. Finally, the central part of the neighborhood is in the 11004 zip code, which may be addressed as either Glen Oaks or Floral Park. Since the zip codes cross the city line, they cannot be used as the sole means to determine sales tax rates. This has caused problems for area residents.
North of Glen Oaks is the Little Neck neighborhood. The Queens neighborhoods of Bellerose and Floral Park lie south of Glen Oaks. The Nassau County villages of Bellerose and Floral Park lie south of the Queens neighborhoods with the same names. East of Glen Oaks (past Lake Success) is the unincorporated neighborhood of North New Hyde Park. South of North New Hyde Park is the Village of New Hyde Park. So even though Glen Oaks shares various postal city names with Nassau County villages, it is not adjacent to those villages and is not politically related to them other than being in the same state.
The right-of-way of the historical Long Island Motor Parkway is now the southernmost edge of the parking lot of Green Meadows Farm. East of Little Neck Parkway, the Motor Parkway route is now 74th Avenue, including Tenney Park. The route also defines the southern border of the North Shore Towers complex (formerly the Glen Oaks Golf Club).
Apartment complexes.
Glen Oaks is dominated by a large garden apartment complex named Glen Oaks Village.
The apartment complex has two major sections. One extends from Little Neck Parkway eastwards to 263rd Street, north to the Royal Ranch, and south to Union Turnpike. The other section extends from Commonwealth Boulevard to 249th Street. Opposite Glen Oaks Village on Little Neck Parkway is another garden apartment complex, Parkwood Estates (originally named Grand Central Apartments). Glen Oaks also includes the North Shore Towers apartment complex and country club and the nearby Royal Ranch community on the same hill.
Education.
Glen Oaks is covered by two public elementary (grades K-5) school zones, for P.S. 186 and P.S. 115. Students graduating from these schools attend middle (grades 6-8) school M.S. 172. A Roman Catholic school, Our Lady of the Snows, is an alternative for grades K-8. In 2004, a public school campus—the Frank A. Padavan campus—was opened in western Glen Oaks. This section of land was previously part of the Creedmoor Psychiatric Center. The campus includes The Queens High School of Teaching and two elementary/intermediate (grades K-8) schools: P.S./I.S. 208 and P.S./I.S. 266. P.S./I.S. 266 serves students across District 26, chosen by lottery from applicants. P.S./I.S. 208 does not serve Glen Oaks students. (Its zone includes just the sliver of Glen Oaks west of Commonwealth Boulevard, which is not residential.) Typically the district 26 schools have been ranked among the best in the NYC public school system.
Parks and recreation.
Tenney Park consists of located at the intersection of 260th street and 74th Avenue (the intersection is a traffic circle around the park). It serves as the home of Glen Oaks Little League as well as having basketball courts and playground equipment. It was originally named Glen Oaks Park. In 1977 it was named Tenney Park after Jerry Tenney, a former owner of Glen Oaks Village. However, it is most commonly known as "the Oval", after its shape. The official name was also changed to The Oval in 2010 after much of the public urged Bob Friedrich(a politician who represents Glen Oaks) to request a change. There is also a playground at Little Neck Parkway and 72nd Avenue, adjacent to P.S. 186. South of the playground on Little Neck Parkway is the Queens County Farm Museum, that re-create of the historic agricultural phase of the county, housing an array of farm animals and antique farming equipment.
Institutions.
Long Island Jewish Medical Center is mostly located in Glen Oaks and is one of the largest medical facilities on Long Island.
A Glen Oaks branch of the Queens Public Library is currently being built, by the architects Scott Marble and Karen Fairbanks.
Several institutions on or near Union Turnpike are associated with Glen Oaks though they are not actually in Glen Oaks. For example, Bellerose Jewish Center, the Glen Oaks branch of the Queens library, and Glen Oaks School (P.S. 115) are all in the Floral Park neighborhood. So are M.S. 172 and Our Lady of the Snows. In contrast, P.S. 186 is in the center of Glen Oaks, but is named Castlewood School. The Queens County Farm is also in the center of Glen Oaks (and has the Glen Oaks/Floral Park zip code) but the group that operates it is the Colonial Farmhouse Restoration Society of Bellerose.
Transportation.
The Kew Gardens subway station and Midtown Manhattan are accessible from Glen Oaks, using the Q46 bus, the QM5 express bus, or the QM6 express bus. Downtown Manhattan is accessible using the QM8 express bus. There are two different Q46 branches. One branch is routed along 260th Street between Union Turnpike and its terminal on Little Neck Parkway, and the other is routed along Union Turnpike, serving Lakeville Road and Long Island Jewish Medical Center.
On weekdays, Glen Oaks is served by the Q36 bus, which provides part-time service along Little Neck Parkway. The northern terminus of this route is the Little Neck station of the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR). To the south, the bus connects to the Floral Park LIRR station, the Queens Village LIRR station, and the 179th Street terminal of the F subway line. The southwestern terminus of the route is the 165th Street Bus Terminal in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="9687362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687362" title="Nauman Karim">
Nauman Karim

Nauman Karim is a boxer from Pakistan.
He won the bronze medal in the light flyweight (– 48 kg) division at the 2003 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Bangkok. He also competed at the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships, but was stopped in the third round.[http://www.dawn.com/2005/11/16/spt17.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="9687368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687368" title="Texas All-Star USA Tag Team Championship">
Texas All-Star USA Tag Team Championship

The Texas All-Star USA Tag Team Championship was a major tag team title in Texas All-Star Wrestling. The title was first established in Southwest Championship Wrestling in 1981 when it was the SCW Southwest Tag Team Championship. The title's name was changed to the Texas All-Star Texas Tag Team Championship in May 1985 after SCW was sold to Texas All-Star Wrestling in April, and changed again to the Texas All-Star USA Tag Team Championship in 1986 before the title was abandoned in November that year when Texas All-Star was purchased by the World Class Wrestling Association.

</doc>
<doc id="9687369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687369" title="List of protected areas of Belgium">
List of protected areas of Belgium

There are numerous protected areas in Belgium with a wide variety of types, protection levels and sizes. The below list gives an overview of the most important protected areas.
National parks.
There is currently only one official national park in Belgium, the Hoge Kempen National Park, opened in 2006.
Natural parks.
There are many natural parks in Belgium, including 9 in Wallonia (called "Parcs Naturels").
Nature reserves.
There are many nature reserves, including:

</doc>
<doc id="9687379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687379" title="Javid Taghiyev">
Javid Taghiyev

Javid Taghiyev (; born 6 October 1981 in Lankaran) is a boxer from Azerbaijan.
He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native European country. There he was stopped in the second round of the Middleweight (75 kg) division by Thailand's eventual bronze medalist Suriya Prasathinphimai.
Taghiyev won the bronze medal in the same division six months earlier, at the 2004 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Pula, Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="9687388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687388" title="Maui Stingrays">
Maui Stingrays

The Maui Stingrays were a minor league baseball team in the Hawaii Winter Baseball league. They were based in Wailuku, Hawaii. They played their home games at Maehara Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="9687408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687408" title="Finnish gunboat Matti Kurki">
Finnish gunboat Matti Kurki

Matti Kurki (ex-"Voivoda") was an escort ship for the Russian Imperial Yacht. "Voivoda" was built in Prussia in 1892 for the Montenegrin king Nicholas I. The ship was purchased by the Russian Czar after Nicholas' money ran out. After the Russian revolution, the ship was taken over by the Finnish Navy and renamed "Matti Kurki", after a 13th-century legendary commander. She initially served as a minelayer, but was rebuilt into a gunboat in the 1920s. "Matti Kurki" was sunk as a gunnery practice target in the 1930s. 
She seems to have been lifted as some sources claim that she served as a floating anti-aircraft battery at Katajanokka, Helsinki, during the Winter War, armed with a 76 mm gun.

</doc>
<doc id="9687413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687413" title="Les têtes interverties">
Les têtes interverties

Les têtes interverties (also known as "La Cravate", "The Transposed Heads" and "The Severed Heads") is a 1957 French short film written and directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky. Shot between 1953 and 1957, the film is a mime adaptation of Thomas Mann's 1940 novella "The Transposed Heads" ("Die vertauschten Köpfe"). The film stars surreal humorist Raymond Devos as well as Jodorowsky himself.

</doc>
<doc id="9687418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687418" title="Piker">
Piker

Piker may refer to:
Piker may also be:

</doc>
<doc id="9687435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687435" title="Perilanner">
Perilanner

Perilanner is a term used by falconers to describe a hybrid between a peregrine falcon and a lanner falcon. It is larger and faster than a lanner, but does not fly as far as a peregrine, and thus is less likely to fly far away and become lost. Usually the peregrine is the father and the lanner is the mother. Perilanners are a popular choice for modern falconers.
Their flying range is between that of a lanner and that of a peregrine and makes them useful in keeping an airport clear of wild birds to prevent birdstrike.

</doc>
<doc id="9687436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687436" title="Arrondissement of Maaseik">
Arrondissement of Maaseik

The Arrondissement of Maaseik (; ) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Limburg, Belgium. It is not a judicial arrondissement. The municipalities of Bocholt, Bree, Kinrooi, Meeuwen-Gruitrode, Dilsen-Stokkem and Maaseik, are part of the Judicial Arrondissement of Tongeren, while the rest of its municipalities are part of the Judicial Arrondissement of Hasselt.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Maaseik consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9687443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687443" title="Yuki Maeda">
Yuki Maeda

Discography.
The following CDs are released by Teichiku, Zetima, and Rice Music.

</doc>
<doc id="9687474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687474" title="Jean Lescure">
Jean Lescure

Jean Lescure (14 September 1912 – 17 October 2005) was a French poet.
Biography.
Lescure was born in Asnières-sur-Seine. In 1938, he published his first plaquette of poems, "Le voyage immobile", and launched the review "Messages" (two issues in 1939: "William Blake" and "Metaphysics and poetry").
During the Occupation Lescure resumed editing "Messages" in 1942, printed in Brussels, with Paul Éluard, Raymond Queneau, Michel Leiris, Gaston Bachelard, Georges Bataille, Jean Paulhan, Guillevic, André Frénaud. "Domaine français" (Messages 1943) was printed in Geneva (Louis Aragon, Gaston Bachelard, Albert Camus, Paul Claudel, Paul Éluard, André Gide, Michel Leiris, François Mauriac, Henri Michaux, Francis Ponge, Romain Rolland, Raymond Queneau, Jean-Paul Sartre, Paul Valéry).
Jean Lescure became co-director of the clandestine review "Les Lettres françaises" and was one of the founders of the underground organization, the "Comité National des Ecrivains". After the Liberation he was appointed director of the French Radio. He was an early member of Oulipo.
Lescure translated Shakespeare's "Measure for Measure" (1949) and the complete works of Giuseppe Ungaretti (1953). He wrote introductions to the work of many French artists (Bertholle, Chastel, Estève, Gischia, Lapicque, Pignon, Prassinos, Singier, Ubac) and essays on the philosopher Gaston Bachelard and André Malraux. He died, aged 93, in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="9687479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687479" title="HWW Limited">
HWW Limited

HWW Limited is a content publisher and syndicator based in Sydney, Australia.
About.
HWW produces, aggregates and syndicates content in several areas, including: 
HWW content is syndicated to several of Australia's most popular websites.
HWW also manages television metadata for clients in the TV industry, including the Foxtel digital electronic program guide (EPG).
History.
HWW was founded in 1974 as Horan Wall and Walker. Its first ever client was 2JJ. In 2006, HWW was acquired by ninemsn because of ninemsn's confidence in HWW's mobile assets.

</doc>
<doc id="9687480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687480" title="ETAP Lighting">
ETAP Lighting

ETAP Lighting is a Belgian company manufacturing lighting and located in Malle. President of the Board is Christ’l Joris, who is also president of Agoria Flanders and of Flanders Investment and Trade.
History.
The company started with the production of ship's lighting in Antwerp in 1949. In 1960 the company moved to Malle in the Flemish Campine region.
Expansion from its traditional domestic Belgian/Dutch market started in the 1970s with France, 1980s into Germany and the 1990s into UK and Portugal. ETAP now also have offices in Spain and partnerships in Sweden and Norway.
ETAP established itself in making high performing & quality light fittings for the commercial and industrial lighting markets also including healthcare, education, local government and retail. ETAP has also moved into the building lighting controls system market with the launch of its Excellum range to the company with complete energy reduction solutions.
In 2006 ETAP won the Best Interior Product at the Lighting Design Awards [http://www.lightingawards.com/Welcome.asp] with its UM1 MesoOptic.
ETAP also owns LDI (LED Design Innovation)and Alter [http://www.alter.fr/accueil.html
ETAP Hotels have no association with any of these companies.
External links.
Lighting Industry Federation [http://www.lif.co.uk/site/manulist.asp?ni=1]
ICEL [http://www.icel.co.uk/site/manulist.asp?l=e&ni=2]

</doc>
<doc id="9687490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687490" title="South West Forests Defence Foundation">
South West Forests Defence Foundation

South West Forests Defence Foundation (SWFDF or SFDF) is a group that has been involved with three decades of involvement with the conservation of the Jarrah and Karri forests of the South West region of Western Australia. 
It was formed at approximately the same time as the government of Charles Court expressed interest in exploiting forests in the south west for woodchipping. Around the same time, the forests of the Darling Scarp were being allocated for removal for the mining of bauxite. Another group, the Campaign to Save Native Forests (CSNF), worked in co-operation with the SWFDF on publishing critiques of the environmental conditions for the woodchipping at Manjimup. The SWFDF continued to take issue with industry and government plans for Karri forests on the south coast region, and it was not until the late 1990s that the region was given protection from forestry by the creation of national parks and reserves.

</doc>
<doc id="9687498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687498" title="Grégory Tafforeau">
Grégory Tafforeau

Grégory Tafforeau (born 29 September 1976 in Bois-Guillaume, Seine-Maritime) is a retired French Norman footballer who played as a defender.
Career.
After eight years at Lille OSC, Tafforeau, along with club officials, chose to prematurely terminate his contract. On 4 July 2009, SM Caen signed the left-back on a free transfer, Tafforeau having previously played for SM Caen from 1998 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="9687511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687511" title="Oerle">
Oerle

Oerle is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the municipality of Veldhoven, about 7 km west of Eindhoven.
Oerle was a separate municipality until 1921, when it became part of Veldhoven.

</doc>
<doc id="9687528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687528" title="Ossian Schauman">
Ossian Schauman

Ossian Schauman (30 March 1862 - 6 February 1922) was one of the founders of the Swedish-speaking non-governmental organization "Folkhälsan", which provides social welfare and health care services in Finland. He was also the younger brother of Wilhelm Schauman.
Life.
Ossian Schauman was born on 30 March 1862 in Jakobstad to the pharmacist and businessman Victor Schauman and his wife Elise Wilhelmina Schauman (née Ekelund), who had 13 children in total. The father died of heart failure before the age of 50, when Ossian Schaumen was only 10 years old. There seems to have been a genetic heart defect running in the family, since both Ossian Schauman and several of his brothers also died before they had turned 60 years old.
He displayed an interest in botany already at an early age, and could often be found tending to plants in the garden. In 1872, Ossian Schauman was admitted to the Wasa Lyceum (high school) at the age of 10. This was also the year in which his father died, which devastated Ossian and the rest of the family. After graduating from high school in 1879 at the age of 17, Schauman moved to Helsinki to continue his studies at the university. In 1888, he graduated with a first medical degree, and in 1894 he became an M.D. in internal medicine. In 1897 he became an assistant professor in medicin and then finally in 1908, a professor in internal medicine at the University of Helsinki, a position he held until his death.
Folkhälsan.
Schauman was one of the founders of the non-governmental organization "Folkhälsan", as well as its first chairman. In his will, he donated a sum of money for the purpose of creating and maintaining a Swedish speaking institute for genetic research. Folkhälsan's objective was to reduce infant mortality and to lower the incidence of tubercolosis in Finland. Today, Folkhälsan provides social welfare and health care services, and employs approximately 200 researchers, studying among others, genetically transmitted diseases and diseases caused by lifestyle. Folkhälsan funds its operations by selling services to cities and communes, including child and geriatric care. Additionally, Folkhälsan receives funding from the state owned chance games revenues, and donations.

</doc>
<doc id="9687530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687530" title="Arrondissement of Waremme">
Arrondissement of Waremme

The Arrondissement of Waremme (; ) is one of the four administrative arrondissements in the Province of Liège, Belgium.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Waremme consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9687542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687542" title="Pot-Bouille">
Pot-Bouille

Pot-Bouille is the tenth novel in the Rougon-Macquart series by Émile Zola. It was serialized between January and April 1882 in the periodical "Le Gaulois" before being published in book form by Charpentier in 1883.
The novel is an indictment of the mores of the bourgeoisie of the Second French Empire. It is set in a Parisian apartment building, a relatively new housing arrangement at the time and its title (roughly translating as "stew pot") reflects the disparate and sometimes unpleasant elements lurking behind the building's new façade.
Explanation of the novel's title.
Like Zola's earlier novel "L'Assommoir", the title is extremely difficult to render in English. The word "pot-bouille" is a 19th-century French slang term for a large cooking pot or cauldron used for preparing stews and casseroles and also the foods prepared in it. The title is intended to convey a sense of disparate ingredients, the various inhabitants of the building mixed together, to create a potent and heady mix like a strong stew. The impression is to hint at the greed, ambition and depravity which lies behind the pretentious façade of the outwardly well behaved bourgeois apartment block. There is no equivalent word in English to convey this. The closest English term would probably be an expression such as melting pot.
In the film "The Life of Emile Zola", the novel's title is rendered as "Piping Hot".
Plot summary.
"Pot-Bouille" recounts the activities of the residents of a block of flats in the Rue de Choiseul over the course of two years (1861–1863). The characters include: 
Condoning the behaviour of these characters are the local priest and doctor, who use their positions to cover up everyone's moral and physical failings. The characters' habits and secrets are also guarded by the concierge, who turns a blind eye to everything going on. The sham respectability of the residents is contrasted with the candour of their servants, who secretly abuse their employers over the open sewer of the building's inner courtyard. 
The novel follows the adventures of 22-year-old Octave Mouret, who moves into the building and takes a salesman's job at a nearby shop, 'The Ladies' Paradise' (see Au Bonheur des Dames). Though handsome and charming, Octave is rebuffed by Valérie Vabre and his boss's wife Madame Hédouin before beginning a passionless affair with Madame Pichon. His failure with Madame Hédouin prompts him to quit his job, and he goes to work for Auguste Vabre in the silk shop on the building's ground floor. Soon, he begins an affair with Berthe, who by now is Auguste's wife. Octave and Berthe are eventually caught but over the course of several months, the community tacitly agrees to forget the affair and live as if nothing had happened, thereby restoring the veneer of respectability. Octave marries widowed Madame Hédouin and life goes on in the Rue de Choiseul the way it has always done, with outward complacency, morality and quiet.
Relation to the other Rougon-Macquart Novels.
Zola's plan for the Rougon-Macquart novels was to show how heredity and environment worked on members of one family over the course of the Second Empire. 
The family representative in "Pot-Bouille" is Octave Mouret, first introduced briefly in "La fortune des Rougon" and playing a larger but background role in "La conquête de Plassans". Octave is the son of first cousins Marthe Rougon and François Mouret and great-grandson of Adelaïde Fouque (Tante Dide), the ancestress from whom the family members inherit varying degrees of what today might be called obsessive-compulsive disorder. Zola describes him in "Le docteur Pascal" (the last novel) as an example of indirect heredity, bearing a physical resemblance to his uncle Eugène Rougon ("Son Excellence Eugène Rougon"). Like his uncle, Octave is obsessed with power, in the nephew's case over women. He is not ruthless or predatory but uses his charm and good looks to captivate women. 
This aspect of his personality is explored further in "Au Bonheur des Dames", the next novel, which finds Octave the owner of a giant department store catering to female desire. (Octave also appears briefly or is mentioned in "La faute de l'Abbé Mouret", "La joie de vivre", "L'œuvre" and "Le docteur Pascal".)
In addition to examining Octave as representative of the Rougon-Macquart line, Zola explores the effects of personal history and environment on the other residents of the apartment building.
Translations.
"Pot-Bouille" was translated into English by Henry Vizetelly in 1886 and Percy Pinkerton in 1895; both translations are available in reprints. There have been other English translations since (as "Piping Hot!", "Pot Luck", "Restless House" and "Lesson in Love"), the most recent being by Brian Nelson for Oxford World's Classics (1999). 
Adaptations.
William Busnach adapted "Pot-Bouille" as a play, produced at the Théâtre de l'Ambigu-Comique in 1883.
It was adapted into a French film, "Lovers of Paris" (original French title "Pot-Bouille") in 1957, directed by Julien Duvivier and starring Gérard Philipe and Anouk Aimée.
It was also adapted as a French TV film, "Pot-Bouille", in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="9687543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687543" title="Regular Batasang Pambansa">
Regular Batasang Pambansa

The Regular Batasang Pambansa (English: Regular National Assembly) or the First Batasang Pambansa was the meeting of the Batasang Pambansa from the beginning of its session on July 23, 1984 until it was abolished by President Corazon Aquino on March 25, 1986. 
Events.
Marcos impeachment attempt.
On August 13, 1985, fifty-six Assemblymen signed a resolution calling for the impeachment of President Marcos for graft and corruption, culpable violation of the Constitution, gross violation of his oath of office and other high crimes.
They cited the "San Jose Mercury News" exposé of the Marcoses’ multi-million dollar investment and property holdings in the United States. The properties allegedly amassed by the First Family were the Crown Building, Lindenmere Estate, and a number of residential apartments (in New Jersey and New York), a shopping center in New York, mansions (in London, Rome and Honolulu), the Helen Knudsen Estate in Hawaii and three condominiums in San Francisco, California.
The Assemblymen also included in the complaint the misuse and misapplication of funds “for the construction of the Film Center, where X-rated and pornographic films are exhibited, contrary to public morals and Filipino customs and traditions.”
The following day, the Committee on Justice, Human Rights and Good Government dismissed the impeachment complain for being insufficient in form and substance:
The resolution is no more than a hodge-podge of unsupported conclusions, distortion of law, exacerbated by ultra partisan considerations. It does not allege ultimate facts constituting an impeachable offense under the Constitution.
In sum, the Committee finds that the complaint is not sufficient in form and substance to warrant its further consideration. It is not sufficient in form because the verification made by the affiants that the allegations in the resolution “are true and correct of our own knowledge” is transparently false. It taxes the ken of men to believe that the affiants individually could swear to the truth of allegations, relative to the transactions that allegedly transpired in foreign countries given the barrier of geography and the restrictions of their laws. More important, the resolution cannot be sufficient in substance because its careful assay shows that it is a mere charade of conclusions.
The People Power Revolution.
The People Power Revolution from February 22-25, 1986 was a series of mostly nonviolent mass demonstrations in the Metro Manila area. The peaceful protests were held after a call by Archbishop of Manila Jaime Cardinal Sin for civilian support of rebels, and this led to the fall of Marcos' regime and the installation of Corazon Aquino as President.
Abolition.
On March 25, 1986, President Aquino signed Presidential Proclamation № 3, known as the "Freedom Constitution". Article I, Section 3 of this provisional constitution abolished the Regular Batasang Pambansa "inter alia":
Section 3. ARTICLE VIII (The Batasang Pambansa), ARTICLE IX (The Prime Minister and the Cabinet), ARTICLE XVI (Amendments), ARTICLE XVII (Transitory Provisions) and all amendments thereto are deemed superseded by this Proclamation.
Legislation.
The Regular Batasang Pambansa passed a total of 181 laws: Mga Batas Pambansa Blg. 703 to 884

</doc>
<doc id="9687545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687545" title="Bohemian Shepherd">
Bohemian Shepherd

The Bohemian Shepherd is a breed of dog also known as the Chodský pes or the Chodenhund. The Bohemian Shepherd is recognized nationally in Czech Republic but is not recognized by the FCI or any other major kennel club.
History.
Chodský pes is an old sheepdog breed. They have been also guarding Bohemian southwestern borders and homes in the area of the Chod region (around Domažlice town). "Chodové" (the "Chods"), the local people living there, had an exceptional permission to hold large dogs for this purpose. Alois Jirásek, writing about a brave uprising of the local people, even assigned these dogs as a flag symbol of them. Though that is actually incorrect, the symbol became part of national knowledge due to drawings of a well known Czech painter Mikoláš Aleš. The symbol of the Chodský pes is still on Czech young scouts badges.
As the breed of chodský pes is old, it is possibly also one of the predecessors to the German Shepherd. Chodský pes is known to exist in the Czech lands as far back as the 14th century, and having been professionally bred as early as the 16th century. A modern breeding program for this dog was started in 1984 and there are now many breeders. About 3500 registered pups have been born since the program started (1984–2009).
Description.
Appearance.
The Bohemian Shepherd has a medium size and length (19 to 22 inches in height and weigh about 35-55 lbs). Long thick fur and a rich undercoat that allows him to survive in harsh weathers. The body is compact and well proportioned with High set, small, pointed, erect ears and a long elegant neckline. A fluid, light and unhurried gait is one of the typical characteristics of this breed.
Temperament.
This is an ideal dog for someone who is very active, this breed has lots of energy, is not aggressive, can be easily trained, and is excellent with children and other pets. Its great agility and a keen sense of smell make it a very good rescue dog, a great companion for handicapped people and an outstanding watch dog. This breed has a stable, calm and friendly temperament that allows it to be good with the owner, his family and specially with children. 

</doc>
<doc id="9687548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687548" title="1871 in the United Kingdom">
1871 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1871 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9687578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687578" title="Richard Chase (folklorist)">
Richard Chase (folklorist)

Richard Thomas Chase (February 15, 1904 – February 1988), an American folklorist, was an authority on English-American folklore. He was born near Huntsville, Alabama, and graduated from Antioch College in 1929. Chase compiled and edited several books of folktales and folk games (especially Appalachian), including "Grandfather Tales: American-English Folk Tales" (1948),ISBN 9780618346912; "Hullabaloo, and Other Singing Folk Games" (1949) and "The Jack Tales "; The Jack Tales: told by RM Ward and his kindred in the Breech Mountain section of Western North Carolina and by other descendants of of Council Harper (1803-1896) elsewhere in the southern mountains; with three tales from Wise County, Virginia. ISBN 0395066948; Old Songs and Singing Games ISBN 0486228797; The Complete Tales of Uncle Remus ISBN 0618154299; American Folktales and Songs and other examples of English-American traditions as preserved in the Appalachian Mountains and elsewhere in the United States. ISBN 0486226921; various spoken word recordings including Richard Chase Tells Three Grandfather Tales. Chase lived in California from 1964-1975 and was a regular at the Southern Renaissance Pleasure Faire created by Ron and Phyllis Patterson, in Ventura, CA, where he is remembered for holding court under a large oak tree. He introduced English Country Dancing to the faire, bringing a group of his students from Claremont College. Chase had one daughter, Ann Gay Chase Applegate.

</doc>
<doc id="9687588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687588" title="Basti (film)">
Basti (film)

Basti (Hindi: बस्ती, Urdu: بستی) is a 2003 Indian crime film. The film stars Samir Soni and Faisal Khan in lead roles, with Sheeba in a special guest appearance, Shama Sikander, Govind Namdeo, Sadashiv Amrapurkar and Kulbhushan Kharbanda in supporting roles.
Plot.
The film starts with a voice (Kader Khan) narrating a small town of Mumbai. A gangster named Kanta (Sadashiv Amrapurkar) wants to destroy the town and is in a battle with Karanjia (Kulbhushan Kharbanda), who wants to replace the town with a shopping mall. Ramesh "Rama" Kulkarni (Samir Soni) returns to his town after several years and is greeted by all of his friends, neighbors and youngest sister, Pinky (Mamta Mishra). It's only Rama's father, Vinayak Kulkarni (Govind Namdeo), a school teacher, who does not greet him and is angered with Rama.
A few days later, Rama's younger brother, Satish (Faisal Khan) returns after completing his studies. Rama begins guarding his town from the gangsters of the town. Karanjia hires Rama and gives him some money and weapons for his protection. Rama buys gifts for his family, but everyone refuses to take the gifts and they refuse him into his family. Rama decides to marry Madhu (Sanober Kabir), a girl who has fallen in love with Rama.
During a festival of Shi'a Muslims, Kanta and his gangsters start terrorizing it. Rama and his friends began fighting Kanta's gangsters, until Rama is killed by Kanta's gangsters. Karanjia hires Satish, who decides to take the revenge of his brother's death. Satish is in love with a girl named Priya (Shama Sikander), whom Karanjia treats like his daughter. Satish's family gets destroyed, when his sister Pinky is raped by the Minister (Pramod Moutho) and his father is heartbroken at hearing the news. Pinky commits suicide and Satish's father dies by a heart attack. Satish is outraged and kills Police Commissioner (Ranjeet), who is replaced by the new Commissioner of Maharashtra, Jabbar (Rajendra Gupta).
Karanjia has an evil plan to finish Kulkarni family and rule over the town, where his partnership with Kanta is revealed. Karanjia's goons set out to kill Satish, where Priya saves Satish and gets shot in heart by herself. It is thought that Satish is also dead. One day, Kanta and his goons start spreading terror in the town, until Satish fights with them and kills Kanta and his goons and is arrested for the murders by Commissioner Jabbar.
After Satish is imprisoned by the court, Karanjia pretends to be sad for Satish, until Satish begins fighting Karanjia and shoots him with his gun. At the same time, Commissioner Jabbar shoots Satish. Both Satish and Karanjia fall and die. The film's moral is that crime should not exist and everyone should leave peacefully because the end is always bad.
Soundtrack.
There were 4 tracks in the film 
1)Madhoshiya Hai Tanhaiya Hai by Sunidhi Chauhan, Udit Narayan
2)Locha Labacha Chalega Nahi by Vinod Rathod
3)Gin Gin Kaise Kate Hai Din by Sunidhi Chauhan
4)Chudi Khanake Boli by Alka Yagnik.
The songs were composed by Milind sagar and lyrics penned by Sudhankar Sharma,Anwar sagar.

</doc>
<doc id="9687589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687589" title="Arrondissement of Mouscron">
Arrondissement of Mouscron

The Arrondissement of Mouscron (; ) is one of the seven administrative arrondissements in the Province of Hainaut, Belgium. It is not a judicial arrondissement. Its municipalities are a part of the Judicial Arrondissement of Tournai.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Mouscron consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9687590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687590" title="Mike Le Han">
Mike Le Han

Mike Le Han is a multi award winning English writer and director. He started his career in music during the early 90's working as a session musician and freelance tutor. He was introduced to film in 1997 when he wrote and directed a short. Le Han's work was nominated for two "Royal Television Society Awards" in 2009.
Directing career.
Le Han has directed many docudrama productions between 1997 and 2009. His work was nominated for two RTS Awards in 2009 when he directed "The Great Train Robbery" and "Crimes That Shook Britain" for Manchester based production company "Title Role". Le Han has also directed several high profile commercials for varying car manufactures.
In 2010 Le Han co-wrote with wife Helen Le Han "Mrs Peppercorn's Magical Reading Room " and completed filming in May of the same year. The trailer for the film won Best Trailer for an un-produced movie at the International Movie Trailer Festival in Los Angeles. The finished short with crime-novelist Martina Cole functioning as executive producer premiered March 2011 to an invite-only audience at BAFTA in London and is being reworked into a feature.
In January 2011 Le Han featured as a director to watch in "MovieScope Magazine" and then April edition of Variety Magazine in the UK and USA.
In August 2011 "Mrs Peppercorn's Magical Reading Room" won Best Short Film by unanimous vote at the prestigious HollyShorts Film Festival in Los Angeles. In the same month at the request of Disney Animation Studios, he screened the film to executives and creatives at their Burbank facilities. In December 2011 it won Best Short Fiction Film at the Olypmia International Film Festival in Greece.
In March 2013 Le Han relocated to Los Angeles where he's writing material and pitching to studios.
On Halloween 2013 Le Han released online a trailer to accompany a pitch to reboot the Hellraiser franchise. The video went viral.
Mike is represented by Station 3 in Los Angeles.
Filmography.
Director Credits
Second Unit Director / 1st Assistant Director Credits
Producer Credits
Writer Credits

</doc>
<doc id="9687594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687594" title="Nicolas Plestan">
Nicolas Plestan

Nicolas Plestan (born 2 June 1981 in Nice) is a French former footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="9687600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687600" title="Rakuten Anshin Torihiki">
Rakuten Anshin Torihiki

Rakuten Anshin Torihiki (Rakuten safety trade) is anonymous auction trade system associate with Japan Post. It covers vendors and buyers personal information as real name, address, e-mail address, phone number and all items and cash go through Rakuten and they manage money transfer and shipping.
Process.
After auction finished, buyers send to Rakuten bank account item price with postage. Vendors print out code number which Rakuten provides and brings items to Rakuten depot where located Wakayama prefecture and exchange code number to actual address of buyers and put actual address sticker on package and deliver them. After buyers received package, Rakuten deducts system fee (3.15% of contact price) and handling cost of money transfer to bank. (Sumitomo Mitsui Bank 0 Yen, Japan net bank 32 Yen, other banks 210 yen)
Problems.
Rakuten doesn't allow users other way of trade except shop that pays monthly rent to Rakuten. All personal vendors have to use Rakuten Anshin Torihiki which is anonymous trade. Therefore many swindle happened and Rakuten are irresponsible about trouble between vendors and buyers. Many users complained and sent mails to Rakuten however part timer send just template mail to users and don't tell anything to Rakuten staffs. Some of cases, Rakuten paid less than right price to vendors and they complained Rakuten. But they neglect and ignored vendors.
Old Rakuten Furima (Free market, normal auction) users refer Rakuten Anshin Torihiki is nortrious dangerous auction trade.

</doc>
<doc id="9687626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687626" title="British Journal of Surgery">
British Journal of Surgery

The BJS "(British Journal of Surgery)" is a monthly peer reviewed publication targeting general surgeons and the associated sub specialities. At 4.839 it has the highest impact factor of any general surgical journal in Europe. It has been published since 1913 and is currently published by John Wiley & Sons.

</doc>
<doc id="9687628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687628" title="Arrondissement of Kortrijk">
Arrondissement of Kortrijk

The Arrondissement of Kortrijk (; ) is one of the eight administrative arrondissements in the Province of West Flanders, Belgium.
It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. However, the Judicial Arrondissement of Kortrijk also comprises most municipalities in the Arrondissement of Roeselare (except Staden, Moorslede and Lichtervelde), as well as the southernmost municipalities of the Arrondissement of Tielt: Meulebeke, Dentergem, Oostrozebeke en Wielsbeke.
History.
The Arrondissement of Kortrijk was created in 1800 as the fourth arrondissement in the Department of Lys (). It originally comprised the cantons of Avelgem, Harelbeke, Ingelmunster, Kortrijk, Menen, Meulebeke, Moorsele, Oostrozebeke and Roeselare.
In 1818, the canton of Avelgem was ceded to the new Arrondissement of Avelgem, the canton of Menen to the new Arrondissement of Menen, the canton of Roeselare to the new Arrondissement of Roeselare, the canton of Meulebeke to the new Arrondissement of Tielt and the cantons of Ingelmunster and Oostrozebeke to the new Arrondissement of Wakken. The arrondissements of Avelgem and Menen already ceased to exist in 1823 and were returned to the Arrondissement of Kortrijk.
When the language border was determined in 1963, Mouscron and the then municipalities of Luingne, Herseaux and Dottignies, as well as the neighbourhood of Risquons-Tout, which was located in the then municipality of Rekkem, were ceded to the newly formed Arrondissement of Mouscron.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Kortrijk consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9687661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687661" title="Cumbarjua">
Cumbarjua

Cumbarjua is an island town on the banks of the Mandovi River in Goa. It is situated to the east of Goa's capital Panjim at a distance of 20 kilometres.
Location.
A 20-km eastward drive from Panjim through Ribandar, Old Goa, Corlim, Banastarim, Tivrem and Marcel brings you into Cumbarjua via its bridged entrance. But the 13-km journey through the cool confines of Gandaulim and ferry crossing is what throws up a kind of vintage charm. Merely a stone’s throw away from each other, the Gandaulim-Cumbarjua distance across the crocodile-inhabited canal is perhaps the shortest navigated route in riverine Goa. Crocodile sightings are a common feature along the Cumbarjua canal, but an absolute rarity in the rest of the state.
History.
Cumbarjua’s history dates back to the early 15th century. On the west was Gandaulim which marked the fortified border of the Portuguese-ruled Goa island (Tiswadi), and on the east was Marcel, which demarcated the end of the Bijapur’s Adil Khan’s empire. Sandwiched between the two warring powers, the island, which was considered as no man’s land was often used as a launching pad for attacks on each other by the two aggressors. Later, attempts were also made to capture it and it continued to bear the brunt and scars of these battles. On November 25, 1510, the Cumbarjua island was annexed by the Portuguese from the Muslim king Adil Khan.
After Cumbarjua was captured, the Portuguese began to develop it and the then Governor Diogo Lopes de Sequeira in 1545 handed it over to a Catholic priest Fr. George Dias Cabral, for three generations, with the condition that one-tenth of the produce were to be given to the government in the name of God annually.
In the 19th century, Cumbarjua was divided into four pieces and sold. Out of that sale, one piece was bought by the rich Shenvi Kenkre family. Another portion of the less populated was bought by one Peres. Later circumstances forced them to sell it. Shenvi Kenkre’s land was auctioned by the civil court for non-payment of a loan and thus it was forfeited to the Shree Mangueshi Devasthan, Priol. Peres’ property was sold to the Naique family. After the sale and change of ownership, the Mangueshi temple committee imposed heavy taxes on the residents of the island. This made people, who could not afford to pay the taxes, move to Gaudalim. The temple used to collect taxes from all houses, both Hindu as well as Catholic, but if one would pay a 20-year tax in advance it was considered as life-time tax.
Besides the Kenkres and the Peres’, PratapRao Sardessai, Shenvi Dhume, Bhandari, Prabhu Lawande, were the Hindu landlords and De Sa, Alvares and Sousa were the prominent Catholic landlords.
Demographics.
In an area admeasuring 2,401,550 sq. metres, living in perfect harmony is a population of approximately 7,144 Cumbarjuemkars; out of which 85 per cent are Hindus and the rest Catholics; all peacefully settled in Talapwada, Surchem Bhat (which got its name from the whispering palms near the river), Golwada, Takwada, Khadap Wada, Rambhuvan Wada, Mollo wada, Gavant and Thapan wada. According to historian Vinayak Narayan Shenvi Dhume, in 1770, Cumbarjua was made up of 486 houses (400 Hindus + 86 Catholics). The Hindu families comprised Goud Saraswat caste of Smarth and Vaishnau, Daivajnas, blacksmiths, carpenters, Kunbis, Gaudas, potters, washermen, fishermen and cobblers. Of the 86 Catholic families, ten were those of washermen and five of potters. Muslims were a skeletal few.

</doc>
<doc id="9687666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687666" title="Evaporation pond">
Evaporation pond

Evaporation ponds are artificial ponds with very large surface areas that are designed to efficiently evaporate water by sunlight and exposure to the ambient temperatures.
Uses.
Evaporation ponds have several uses. Salt evaporation ponds produce salt from seawater. They are also used to dispose of brine from desalination plants. Mines use ponds to separate ore from water. Evaporation ponds at contaminated sites remove the water from hazardous waste, which greatly reduces its weight and volume and allows the waste to be more easily transported, treated and stored. It is important to understand that evaporation is not the same as condensation although evaporation in an enclosed environment can subsequently lead to the condition of condensation as evaporated moisture is "condensed" out of the air and is reverted to a liquid stage.
Evaporation ponds can also be used to evaporate the precipitation that falls on a contaminated site. The contaminants that the water picks up on the ground are left behind after it evaporates. This prevents the contamination from spreading further down the watershed.
Evaporation ponds are used to prevent pesticides, fertilizers and salts from agricultural wastewater from contaminating the water bodies they would flow into. In California, selenium in agricultural wastewater has been especially problematic, causing birth defects in waterfowl.

</doc>
<doc id="9687669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687669" title="Howden rail accident">
Howden rail accident

The Howden rail accident in Yorkshire on 7 August 1840 killed 4 passengers. It occurred when a large cast-iron casting fell from a wagon and derailed the following carriages. It happened on the Hull and Selby Railway as the train was travelling from Leeds to Hull. The crash was one of the first railway accidents to be investigated by the Railway Inspectorate. One of the worst accidents to have occurred on the new UK rail network, it was also a new phenomenon for the public, although shipwrecks and coal mining accidents were frequent.
Investigation.
Sir Frederick Smith, the first head of the Railway Inspectorate (his formal job title was "Inspector-General of Railways") found that the casting had been insecurely lashed to the wagon, and was unstable for carrying by train. The casting was part of a weighing machine intended to be used at Hull Station, and itself weighed about 2.5 tons. It measured 12 feet 6.75 inches by 5 feet 7 inches, and since the wagon was only 10 feet by 7 feet 6 inches, it must have overhung the wagon when being carried. The casting fell from the wagon onto the rails when the train was about 3/4 mile from Howden station.
Since the wagon was just behind the tender, the following passenger carriages were derailed. The first five carriages were empty, but the sixth carriage held several passengers, 4 of whom were either killed on the spot or died later of their injuries.
The inspector interviewed railway staff involved directly (driver and guard) as well as many others involved in loading the casting, or had seen the casting on its wagon before the accident. The railway staff all either asserted that the casting had been lashed to the wagon or said they could not remember one way or the other. Smith however noted 
A very respectable civil engineer, whom I met when engaged in the examination of the competing lines of railway to Scotland, acquainted me that he had travelled by the train to which the accident happened on the 7th of August, and was in the carriage with the persons who were unfortunately killed. This gentleman is of opinion, from observations he made at the time, that the casting
was not lashed ; but I do not think it right to press this negative evidence against the positive assertions of the persons whose statements I have given above,although it appears to me entitled to every consideration
If the casting had been lashed on to the wagon, clearly it had not been done adequately since the ropes apparently used had chafed through owing to movement of the casting on the wagon.
Had the castings been properly secured by chains, ropes, or wood framing,
the accident of the 7th of August would not have happened, and it is quite clear
that there was great and unpardonable neglect in the parties whose business it
was to attend to such matters at Selby, for it behoved them not only to see that
the casting in question was lashed, but that it was secured beyond the possibility
of accident. The truck on which the casting was placed had a flush floor, with
the exception of a small ledge round the sides and ends ; and therefore as it was
on the lashing alone that the safety of the passengers depended, it is evident that proper precautions were not taken in this instance ; indeed, I am given to understand
that the large casting was supported on the smaller pieces of iron-work
which were lying loose on the floor of the truck.
Smith recommended that goods should only be carried where they were secure, and wagons should be fitted with a frame to enclose large items, to prevent their falling off. He also recommended that the foreman of the goods department should personally inspect goods wagons to ensure their security and safety, and confirm in writing that he had done so.

</doc>
<doc id="9687678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687678" title="Sack Full of Silver">
Sack Full of Silver

Sack Full Of Silver is the fourth full-length album by Thin White Rope.

</doc>
<doc id="9687705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687705" title="Jan Esper">
Jan Esper

Jan Esper (born 1968) is the head of the dendro sciences division at the WSL (Wald Snee und Landschafft - en:Forest, Snow and Landscape) division of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH). His research interests are Global Climate Change, Palaeoclimatology and Vegetation Dynamics.
His research has been part of the Hockey stick controversy with his temperature reconstructions, that have been cited as being evidence for both sides of the controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="9687710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687710" title="Culture in Dresden">
Culture in Dresden

Dresden is a cultural centre in Germany which has influenced the development of European culture. "It is [...] outstanding as a cultural landscape, an ensemble that integrates the celebrated Baroque setting and suburban garden city into an artistic whole within the river valley, and as an example of land use, representing an exceptional development of a major Central-European city."
Dresden is today reestabishing the cultural importance it held from the 19th century up until the 1920s when it was a centre of both fine and visual arts, architecture and music. During that period, famous artists such as Richard Wagner, Ernst Ludwig Kirchner, Otto Dix, Oskar Kokoschka, Richard Strauss, Gottfried Semper and Gret Palucca were active in the city. Dresden also is home to several important art collections, world-famous musical ensembles and significant buildings from various architectural periods, many of which were rebuilt after the destruction of the Second World War.
Nowadays Dresden once more attracts international artists such as Fabio Luisi, Daniel Libeskind and Norman Foster to work in and for the cultural life of the city.
Musical ensembles.
The Sächsische Staatskapelle Dresden is the orchestra of the Saxon State Opera and was founded in 1548. It is one of the oldest orchestras and is known as "Strauss-Orchestra". Nevertheless the musical ensemble was also moulded by Carl Maria von Weber and Richard Wagner as its conductors.
The Dresdner Kreuzchor (Choir of The Cross) is a boy's choir. It consists of pupils of the Kreuzschule, which is a Gymnasium today; the Kreuzchor is the choir of the Kreuzkirche. Choir, church and school were first mentioned in the 13th century and are as old as the city of Dresden. The "Dresdner Kapellknaben" (which are not related to the Staatskapelle) are the choir of the Catholic cathedral.
The Dresden Philharmonic is the orchestra of the city of Dresden. It was founded in 1870, originally called the "Gewerbehausorchestra", and renamed in 1915.
The is a symphony orchestra and a newcomer to the international musical ensembles in Dresden. The orchestra was founded in 1996 and became notable for its crossover of classic and modern music and for its cooperation with the Pet Shop Boys creating a soundtrack for the 1925 silent film "Battleship Potemkin" and releasing the album of that name.
Museums, presentations and collections.
Dresden hosts the renowned Staatlichen Kunstsammlungen Dresden (Dresden State Art Collections). The art collections consist of twelve museums, of which the Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister and the Grünes Gewölbe are the best known. This cultural institution is owned by the Free State of Saxony. Many of its museums are located in Dresden Castle and the Zwinger Palace. Some of the museums, such as the Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon (Royal Cabinet of Mathematical and Physical Instruments), exhibit art within the context of technology, such as globes, measuring equipment and chronographs. Also known are Galerie Neue Meister (New Masters Gallery), Rüstkammer (Armoury) with the Turkish Chamber, and the Museum für Völkerkunde Dresden (Museum of Ethnology).
Other museums and collections owned by the Free State of Saxony in Dresden are:
Dresden hosts the Bundeswehr Military History Museum in the former garrison in the Albertstadt. The book museum of the Saxon State Library presents the famous Dresden Codex.
The former convention house of the Farmer's Estate (called the Landhaus) is now the home of the Dresden City Museum, which exhibits a collection of historical objects and has a smaller collection of paintings. The city has some museums specialising in artists who lived in the city (for example the and the . Another museum, the "Technische Sammlungen" (Technical Collection) was established in the Pentacon building, the old factory where "Praktika" cameras were once built. The collection includes historic cameras, computing technology and entertainment technology.
The Deutsches Hygiene-Museum was founded for mass education in hygiene, health, human biology and medicine. It stood in context of the Dresden industry of medicine and hygiene products and was founded by the industrialist , who produced "" hygiene products. The museum's "Gläserne Frau", showing the organs of human beings as a see-through sculpture, became world famous. During Nazism, the museum diffused racist theories. A 1934 poster of the museum showed a man with distinctly African features and reads, "If this man had been sterilized there would not have been born ... 12 hereditarily diseased." (sic)
According to the current director Klaus Vogel, "The Hygiene Museum was not a criminal institute in the sense that people were killed here," but "it helped to shape the idea of which lives were worthy and which were worthless."
Architecture.
Although Dresden is often said to be a Baroque city, its architecture is influenced by more than one style. Other eras of importance are the Renaissance and Historism as well as the contemporary styles of Modernism and Postmodernism.
Royal household.
The royal buildings are among the most impressive buildings in Dresden. Dresden Castle was once the home of the royal household. The wings of the building have been renewed, built upon and restored many times. Due to this segued integration of styles, the castle includes elements of the Renaissance, Baroque and Classicist styles.
The Zwinger Palace is just across the road from the castle. It was built on the old stronghold of the city and was converted to a centre for the royal art collections and a place to hold festivals. Its gate (surmounted by a golden crown) by the moat is a notable part of the building.
Another notable site is also on the former city wall: Brühl's Terrace was a gift to Heinrich von Brühl and became an ensemble of buildings. It was opened to the public in the 19th century; previously the whole area had been reserved for the nobility. The ensemble includes the Albertinum, the and the Secundogenitur (home of the second son of the electors and kings).
August the Strong was very impressed by Venice with its "Canal Grande" and decided to model the Dresden Elbe Valley on this example using the Elbe's ample bends. Nevertheless he initiated the creation of a cultural landscape which became a World Heritage Site since 2004 and which differs from the "Canal Grande" with its meadows and forested yards. This landscape hosts vineyards not far away from the inner city. The World Heritage Site passes through almost the whole city. Due to conflicts involving a modern bridge to be built across the river at a sensitive spot, the site has been added to the list of endangered World Heritage sites.
Pillnitz Castle was built as a summer residence in the style of Chinoiserie alongside the Elbe on the southern side and the slopes and vineyards on the other.
Religious buildings.
The Hofkirche was the church of the royal household. August the Strong, who wanted to became King of Poland, was forced to convert to the Catholic religion, as the Polish king had to be Catholic. At that time Dresden was strictly Protestant. August the Strong ordered the building of the Hofkirche (1739 to 1755) to establish a sign of religious importance in Dresden. The church is the cathedral "Sanctissimae Trinitatis" since 1980. The staggered facade is completed by two balustrades that are decorated width 74 statues of saints. The church hosts the crypt of the Wettin Dynasty.
The Frauenkirche was built by the citizens of Dresden between 1726 and 1743. It is said to be the greatest cupola building in central and northern Europe. Furthermore, the Frauenkirche is the largest church in Dresden, leading Dresden to be one of the few places where a cathedral is not the largest Christian sacral building. The basilica of Santa Maria della Salute in Venice is said to be a model for the Frauenkirche whose cupola was originally planned as a timber construction. During this period, architectural style in Dresden was significantly inspired by Venice, Florence and other landmarks in northern Italy.
The Kreuzkirche is another main church of the Protestants and is the oldest established church building of Dresden . The community of the Frauenkirche, which is in fact a few years older, was formerly located in the outskirts of the city. The Kreuzkirche has often been destroyed by conflagration and wars. The preserved style of architecture is that of the baroque edition supplemented by the elements of the Art Nouveau.
Contemporary architecture.
Dresden has been an important site for the development of contemporary architecture for centuries, and this trend has extended into the 20th and 21st centuries.
Historicist buildings made their presence felt on the cityscape until the 1920s. One of the most recent buildings of that era is the Hygiene-Museum, which is designed in an impressively monumental style but employs plain facades and simple structures. It is often but wrongly attributed to the Bauhaus school.
The architectural plans of the National Socialist regime for the city were not realised. As in Berlin, where Nazi architects planned the monumental restructuring of the city as "Germania, Capital of the World", large-scale buildings next to the Großer Garten park were meant to establish Dresden as a subsidiary, regional capital. Some of the contemporary buildings were found to be "un-German". Among them was the "Kugelhaus" (Globe House) which was torn down. Along with older constructions, many modern buildings were destroyed in the Second World War.
Most of the present cityscape of Dresden was built up after 1945, a mix of reconstructed or repaired old buildings and new buildings of the modern and postmodern styles of the second half of the 20th century.
Under the German Democratic Republic, Dresden was planned and reconstituted as a model socialist city. Streets were arranged to keep chimneys of industry in sight. Wide streets and squares were cut into the landscape. Central public spaces, such as the Altmarkt, were surrounded by neoclassical Socialist Realist structures of relatively high quality. Other structures were built with less sensitivity toward their historic or geographic context, for example the housing block at Prager Straße. Other buildings, including the Kulturpalast or the Centrum-Warenhaus (a large department store), represent the international style. Much of the new public architecture was influenced by public outcry and protest; the Kulturpalast, for example, was first planned as monumental tower like the Warsaw Palace of Culture and Science but arranged in a flatter form in context of the historic buildings.
After 1990 and German reunification, new styles emerged. The Saxon State Parliament was under construction until 1993 and uses the old part of the former financial ministry in combination with a new wing of glass and steel in classic modern style. It represents the beginning of the so-called New Terrace (extending Brühl's Terrace). The youngest building of that ensemble alongside the river Elbe is the International Congress Center Dresden which is a postmodern building mirroring motifs of the historic terrace and of the Elbe landscape.
The New Synagogue, at the other end of the old city, is another award-winning contemporary structure. Built almost completely of stone, its vertical edges are sloped, to reflect Jewish religious rites.
The nearby UFA-Kristallpalast cinema is a recent design by the firm Coop Himmelb(l)au. It is one of the largest deconstructivist buildings in Germany. Another deconstructivist project been planned for Dresden by Daniel Libeskind: the Military History Museum in the classicist Arsenal building which is currently under reconstruction. Libeskind has designed an arrow breaking through the building in the direction of the inner city, symbolising the flight formations during the bombardment of Dresden 1945— appropriate to the context of the military museum that has existed in that building since 1918. The transparent new facade is in foreground of the solid old facade and creates a contrast that emblematises open and democratic society and the new role of its armed forces in inconsistence to the historic background.
Norman Foster is responsible for the final stage of the reconstruction of the Dresden Hauptbahnhof train station. He designed a new teflon roof using the old steel girders and a new glass cupola of the entrance hall. The large white housetop is a unique landmark that can be seen from many positions on the slopes above the Elbe valley.
The Saxon State Library was built between 1998 and 2002 on the campus of the Technische Universität Dresden. It is mainly underground, with two cuboids rising up from below. While the walls are of other substances, glass is used extensively in the roof portion of the building. The central reading room extends two stories underground.
Technical buildings.
Dresden is also known for some technical buildings. Most of them were built in the second half of the 19th century and at the beginning of the 20th century. Two areas where there are technical buildings are Schillerplatz and Körnerplatz. These two places are named after Friedrich Schiller and Carl Theodor Körner and are connected by the "Blue Wonder" Elbe bridge. This bridge is one of the oldest cantilever truss bridges in Germany. It is often said to be called a Wonder because it spans the river without a pillar or due to its colour, which is sometimes said to have changed from green to blue.
Nearby, two cable railways connect Körnerplatz with two villa quarters. The Standseilbahn Dresden is a funicular railway which travels up 95 metres and connects the districts of Loschwitz and Weißer Hirsch. The Schwebebahn Dresden is the oldest suspension railway in the world and connects the lower and upper parts of Loschwitz.
The city planner designed some industrial buildings in the city centre. His storage building near the Semperoper is adapted to neighbouring buildings by a dissected roof. Another building planned by Hans Erlwein is the slaughterhouse complex. This location became famous thanks to the novel "Slaughterhouse-Five" by Kurt Vonnegut.
Another well-known technical building is the Yenidze which was built as a cigarette factory. Its architecture is greatly influenced by marketing and orientally designed in an Oriental style to bring to mind the countries where tobacco comes from. Even the chimneys are styled like minarets. At the time it was built, its architecture was controversial but today it is a listed building. It is used as offices.
The Fernsehturm Dresden-Wachwitz is the city TV tower. It is 252 metres high and towers 373 metres above the valley.
There are several waterworks in the city. Most of them use water from the Elbe river. One of the oldest waterworks is the "Saloppe", which extracts fresh water from small rivers in the Dresden Heath forest.
Bridges.
The place of the Augustusbrücke between Altstadt and Neustadt in the centre of the city is the location of the oldest bridges in Dresden. A bridge at that place is already reported in the 13th century. Also reported are the demolitions of that bridge in floods of the past as appeared the last time yet in the March floods of 1845.
The first bridge passed by the river is the Loschwitzer Brücke (famously known as "Blaues Wunder"). The Albertbrücke at the border of the inner city is some kilometre downstream. The following bridges Carolabrücke, Augustusbrücke and Marienbrücke are in short distances.
The Marienbrücke is divided into a road/tram bridges and a railway bridge. It connects the two train station of most importance in Dresden Hauptbahnhof and Dresden-Neustadt station on the historic Leipzig-Dresdner railway and is as like the Carolabridge which hosts four lines of an important road and an extra double-track of the tram.
Sculptures, monuments and fountains.
There are about 300 fountains and springs in Dresden were they are often placed in parks or on squares. The wells only serve in a decorative function since there is a fresh water system in Dresden.
The Artesian aquifer at Albertplatz is the only spring in Dresden that is run all-the-year due to its warm water. It was planned to produce fresh water for the Neustadt districts. About 3,900 litres per hour are flowing upwards the 240 metre depth well naturally by pressure.
Many springs in Dresden are historic monuments, such as the "Nymphenbad" in the Zwinger or the "Cholerabrunnen". The "" was financed by Eugen von Gutschmid in thanks that Dresden was untroubled by the cholera epidemics in the 1940s years.
Springs and fountains are also elements in contemporary cityspaces: Modern springs are arranged along the Prager Straße. Due to their styles of fountain, they are called "blowballs". The springs alongside the Hauptbahnhof train station are above the glass ceiling of an underground parking.
A prominent sculpture in Dresden is the golden equestrian sculpture of Augustus II the Strong called the " (Golden Cavalier)" on the Neustädter Markt square. It shows August at the beginning of the Hauptstraße (Main street) on his way to Warsaw where he was elected King of Poland. Another sculpture is the memorial of Martin Luther in front of the Frauenkirche.
Dresden-Hellerau – Germany's first garden city.
The Garden City of Hellerau, at that time a suburb of Dresden, was founded in 1909 according to the principles postulated by the British reformer Ebenezer Howard. It was built by renowned architects and artists, amongst them Hermann Muthesius, Heinrich Tessenow, Theodor Fischer and Wilhelm Kreis. In 1911 Tessenow built the Hellerau Festspielhaus (festival theatre) for the Swiss music educator Émile Jaques-Dalcroze and Hellerau became a centre of modernism with international standing until the outbreak of World War I. During the Third Reich, this area was infamous.
In 1950 Hellerau was incorporated into the city of Dresden. Today the Hellerau reform architecture is recognised as exemplary. In the 1990s the garden city of Hellerau became a conservation area.
Cinemas and cinematics.
There still a lot of small cinemas and theatres of cinematic arts offering a programme of cult films and current films of low budget or weak promotion that were selected by their cultural worth. Dresden also has a couple of Multiplex Cinemas of which the Rundkino is the oldest. The cinema build in a circular building was out of order after the flooding of 2002 but was reopened in 2008.
Dresden has been a centre in the production of animated films and of the optical cinematic techniques. The Dresden Filmfest hosts a contest of short subjects which is among the most endowed contests in Europe.
Literature.
Dresden is a topic in German-language literature in various eras. Dresden was home to a number of authors or a place of their activities and influence.
Friedrich Schiller published his Ode to Joy in Dresden which he began in Gohlis near Leipzig in 1785.
E. T. A. Hoffmann's novella "The Golden Pot. A Modern Fairytale" is set in Dresden and was published in 1814. "The Golden Pot" has parts of realistic descriptions of Dresden and fades into a surreal world of myths. Hoffmann witnessed the Battle of Dresden in 1813.
Erich Kästner grow up in Dresden. He worked off his youth in Dresden ("The Flying Classroom") and his military training in an artillery battalion in the Dresden Albertstadt garrison (poem "Sergeant Waurich").
Kurt Vonnegut's novel "Slaughterhouse-Five" describes the bombing of Dresden in February 1945 seen from a slaughterhouse near the old city of Dresden. Vonnegut was prisoner of war in Dresden during that event.
Contemporary novelists who are active in Dresden include Uwe Tellkamp and Ingo Schulze. Both broach up the theme of "Mythos Dresden". Tellkamp is known for his novel "Der Turm" ("The Tower") plotting the life of an academic family in its educated social environment (ivory tower society) of Dresden in the last seven years of former East Germany.
Lifestyle.
Dresden's heterogeneous cityspace strongly influences the lifestyle of the city. Dresden can change from very urban to very rural in just a short distance. Dresden is renowned for its many events and concerts.
The inner city is functionally split into a number of districts. The historic city centre serves as the most important tourist area and offers a variety of restaurants, bars, and pubs that are visited by tourists as well as the local inhabitants. The Seevorstadt, south of the historic town centre, is the most important shopping area in Dresden. It is crossed by the famous Prager Straße shopping street with large department stores and smaller shops. The intersection with the Altmarkt, which is the oldest market place in Dresden, extend this shopping area into the town centre. The Seevorstadt, with the main station and an important tram hub within a short distance, is also a very urban area of Dresden. The Neustadt is divided into the touristy Inner Neustadt and the Outer Neustadt. The Inner Neustadt offers a cornucopia of restaurants and retail shopping as well as important cultural institutions. The Outer Neustadt features importantly in Dresden night life. The Outer Neustadt is the centre of subcultural and youth culture in Dresden with many clubs, bars, small stages, and alternative culture institutions.
Dresden is awash with green during the spring and summer. The huge parks and the long Elbe meadows are used day and at night for sports, parties and cultural activities. Local recreation takes place in the nearby National Park of Saxon Switzerland, in the Ore Mountains and in the countryside around Moritzburg, which are all close by. The cultural landscape of the Dresden Elbe Valley is a World Heritage Site but also part of the everyday life of many inhabitants. The site crosses the city and is passed through by commuter traffic, used in leisure time and libed in by tens of thousands of residents.
Dresden is a student city with its own infrastructure of event locations and cultural institutions. There are 16 student clubs in the Altstadt and Südvorstadt near the university.
Due to the Elbe river, rowing and canoeing are popular leisure activities in Dresden. Dresden is a chess centre and was the host city of the Chess Olympiad in 2008. Night inline skating events are held every week in the summer.
The style of housing can vary strongly within Dresden. In some cases old village cores are only a few minutes away from urban districts. The city centre is enormously different compared with the southern outskirts of the city. The Outer Neustadt, with the highest density of inhabitants, is just a kilometre away from the Dresdner Heide forest in the north. The large area in the south eastern corner and its outskirts are the most densely populated areas. Districts like Blasewitz or Striesen are covered with dotted housings and small garden areas around the houses. The Elbe slopes are covered with expensive villas. These contrast sharply with some areas such as the high-rise concrete blocks such as those in Gorbitz where living standards are low.

</doc>
<doc id="9687711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687711" title="Between Two Worlds (novel)">
Between Two Worlds (novel)

Between Two Worlds is the second novel in Upton Sinclair's Lanny Budd series. First published in 1941, the story covers the period from 1919 to 1929.
Plot.
This volume deals with the aftermath of World War I in Europe during the 1920s (with the Beer Hall Putsch, the Italian fascist regime and some of the important conferences) and later the Roaring Twenties.
After two disastrous affairs with married women Lanny marries in the end a rich heiress from New York, Irma. In the climax Lanny covers his father's stock market margin call on Black Thursday, Oct 24th 1929, then insists that his father sell all his stocks the next market day, thus escaping the carnage of Black Tuesday. His efforts to save his wife's wealth were not quite as successful, and her uncle was wiped out.

</doc>
<doc id="9687712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687712" title="Basotho Batho Democratic Party">
Basotho Batho Democratic Party

The Basotho Batho Democratic Party (BBDP) is a political party in Lesotho. It was formed and registered in 2006.
In elections held on 17 February 2007, the party won one seat in the country's National Assembly.

</doc>
<doc id="9687715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687715" title="Green tree snake">
Green tree snake

Green tree snake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9687716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687716" title="First Rock Concert – Remembering Mohiner Ghoraguli">
First Rock Concert – Remembering Mohiner Ghoraguli

The First Rock Concert is a concert by the Bangla band, Moheener Ghoraguli who are touted as the first Indian rock band. The concert was performed at Ambedkar Bhavan, Bangalore on 17 February 2007.
This concert was the first for the band since they broke up about 25 years earlier in 1981 and can, possibly, be said to be the first live concert of Moheener Ghoraguli outside West Bengal.
Three original "ghoras" - 'Pradip Chattopadhyay', 'Ranjon Ghoshal' and 'Abraham Mazumder joined hands and performed with other artists from the 90s Moheen stable like Divya Mukhopadhyay and Tamojit Roy and modern Bangla Rock artists like Shilajit Majumdar and Anindya Bose. They were ably supported by the chamber orchestra of Abraham's music school - "L'Atelier de Musique de Calcutta", and the young horses - Pradip's son Ritoban Chattopadhyay on the lead guitar and Ranjon's son Abhimanyu Ghoshal on the second guitar.
A nostalgic evening.
It was an evening filled with nostalgia that rekindled the passions and probably revived the movement that revolutionized Bengali music forever. One could gauge from the audience, which consisted of people from different ethnicity and culture, reaction that it was an evening not only for the music lovers of Bengal but it managed to cross all barriers of language, signifying the USP of Moheen's music - that of both mass and class appeal.
Performances.
The concert was curated and hosted by 
Ranjon Ghoshal
. He kept the audience enthralled with bits of trivia and anecdotes from the past days, that kept the folks glued to their seats throughout the three and a half hours of the show.
Pradip Chattopadhyay was brilliant with the flute and with his on-stage antics kept the audience in splits. He was cleaning Abraham's piano at one time, dancing and prancing around to Anindya's performance at other times - but all was done in perfect rhythm and harmony.
Abraham Mazumdar, was genius personified. He played the violin, the grand piano and the keyboard
all with equal ease and elan. Such calm and composure on stage is a rare sight and his ever smiling face was a joy to behold. His sense of assurance lifted the whole team and inspired all the members.
If there was Abraham, then there was Anindya Bose of the band Shohor. He was electric and had the audience swaying to his steps. His rendition of "Priya Cafe" was a high point of the evening.
Shilajit Majumdar, another prominent guest singer - was excellent of his rendition of "Shono Shudhijon" and "Shongbigno Pakhikul" though one was really shocked at his going wrong on lyrics at a tribute concert. 
But the evening couldn't have been such a success without Tamojit Roy and Divya Mukherjee.
Divya was calmness personified in his rendition of his classic "Akashe Chhodano".
Tamojit was a revelation. His burlesque frame dupes one to believe otherwise, but once on stage the man was like a volcano, ready to erupt, bubbling with energy. With his powerful vocals he took the audience to a different world.
One must also say a few words about Anupam Roy of L'atelier. He was the best of the lot, with his humble looks and attire but with a smooth confident voice like that of a maestro and not to forget his skills on the violin. 
The Baul Jazz fusion was the piece de resistance of the evening. It was presented by Tamojit Roy and Divya Mukhopadhyay on vocals, Pradip Chattopadhyay on flute, Abraham Mazumder on the grand piano, Prakash Sontakke on slide guitar, Karthik Subramaniyam on percussion, Abhishek Roy on drums, Arnab on bass guitar, Ritoban Chattopadhyay on lead guitar, Abhimanyu Ghoshal on second guitar and Anubrata Ghatak on violin.
Apart from their published songs, they also performed quite a few unpublished numbers like "Benojoler Gaan", "Sobuj Gomkhet(Mithye shwopno)", "Chhaya-ghera", which they had composed in the 1970s but didn't get a chance to publish in their releases.
Similar concerts have been planned at Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Pune by the end of 2007.
Track listing.
The entire concert was broken into sections that dealt with various phases of the music of Moheener Ghoraguli.
"Opening Act"
"Vinyl Days"
"The 90s Collection"
"Previously unpublished songs"
"Back to the 90s"
"Baul Jazz"
"End Piece"
Personnel.
with 

</doc>
<doc id="9687740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687740" title="Maroni">
Maroni

Maroni () is village located in the Larnaca District of Cyprus.
History.
It has been a settlement since Middle Bronze Age.

</doc>
<doc id="9687741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687741" title="HMS Ascot (1916)">
HMS Ascot (1916)

HMS "Ascot" was a Racecourse-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy. The Racecourse-class comprised 32 paddlewheel coastal minesweeping sloops.
She was the last ship to be sunk in the First World War on 10 November 1918, the day before the announcement of the armistice. She was torpedoed by off the Farne Islands.
She lies at a depth of 60 metres, at .

</doc>
<doc id="9687745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687745" title="Jeremy Nicholas">
Jeremy Nicholas

Jeremy Nicholas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9687763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687763" title="Southeast Asia Basketball Association">
Southeast Asia Basketball Association

The Southeast Asia Basketball Association (SEABA) is a subzone of FIBA Asia consisting of countries from Southeast Asia. The ASEAN Basketball League, a professional league, is the top level of club competition run by the SEABA.
National tournaments.
SEABA Championship.
The "SEABA Championship" is a tournament between national teams. It was first held in Segamat in 1994, and every two years thereafter. The fourth edition, which was held in Manila in 2001, changed the year of the subzone qualifiers in odd-numbered years, beginning that same year; and directly it became the main qualifying tournament for the "FIBA Asia Championship". In 2012, the tournament was known as "SEABA Cup" or the "SEABA Stanković Cup".
Other national tournaments.
SEABA Under-18 Championship.
The "SEABA Under-18 Championship" is a tournament between national teams. The highest placers go to the "FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship".
SEABA Under-16 Championship.
The "SEABA Under-16 Championship" is a tournament between national teams. The highest placers go to the "FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship".
SEABA Championship for Women.
The "SEABA Championship for Women" is a tournament between national teams. The winner goes to the "FIBA Asia Championship for Women".
Professional club tournaments.
The "ASEAN Basketball League" is a tournament among professional club teams. The winner goes to the "FIBA Asia Champions Cup". Formerly, from 2000 until 2008, the tournament was known as "SEABA Champions Cup".

</doc>
<doc id="9687768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687768" title="Jeremy Nicholas (broadcaster)">
Jeremy Nicholas (broadcaster)

Jeremy Nicholas is a Sony award-winning TV and radio broadcaster.
Radio.
Nicholas has presented "The World Today" on the BBC World Service, as well as many shows on BBC Radio Five Live, talkSPORT, and Greater London Radio, on which his morning show with Claire McDonnell won a Sony Award for Best Breakfast Talk/News show. He commentated on the tragic Nottingham Forest versus Liverpool FC match at Hillsborough in 1989, the so-called Hillsborough disaster, for BBC Radio Nottingham.
Television.
Nicholas currently works in TV news for the BBC after spells with ITV and Channel Five.<br> He was the 2012 Summer Paralympics Athletics announcer for the ParalympicSportTV.
Other work.
Nicholas was the stadium announcer for West Ham United at Upton Park from 1998 to September 2013. He resigned his post having been asked by the West Ham United board to take a 60% cut in his match-day fee.
Nicholas is the voice of the stadium announcer on the EA Sports global best-selling video game FIFA 14 and its predecessors FIFA 13, FIFA 12, FIFA 11 FIFA 10, FIFA 09, FIFA 08, FIFA 07 and the World Cup edition of FIFA 06.

</doc>
<doc id="9687776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687776" title="Finnish frigate Hämeenmaa">
Finnish frigate Hämeenmaa

Hämeenmaa was a Finnish . The class was called the "Hämeenmaa"-class in Finland since the ship had some unique modifications (i.e. British submarine hunting equipment). The two 37 mm twin guns were also replaced with two 40 mm single AA guns in 1975.
"Hämeenmaa" was rebuilt into a minelayer in the 1980s. A communications central replaced the Hedgehog mounting. The torpedo tubes were removed. A bow twin 30 mm AK-230 was added. "Hämeenmaa" was decommissioned in 1985.
Operational service.
The "Hämeenmaas" were acquired from the Soviet Union in the mid-1960s, to be used as gun training ships. They formed the "Escort Flotilla" () together with the "Nuoli" class fast gunboats.
The commissioning of the "Turunmaa" and "Karjala" in the late 1960s led however to personnel shortages in the Finnish Navy (Finland had a naval manpower restriction after World War II) and the navy was forced to limit the use of its two "Hämeenmaa" frigates. They were initially used one at a time and finally decided to retire them.
"Hämeenmaa" was in Finnish Navy service between 1964-1985. The sister ship "Uusimaa" was decommissioned in 1979 and cannibalized for spare parts for the "Hämeenmaa". Both ships had already served a few years in the Soviet Navy before sale to Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="9687786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687786" title="The One That Got Away (album)">
The One That Got Away (album)

Album.
The One That Got Away is the sixth and last full-length album by Thin White Rope. The double CD is a recording of the band's last show and was recorded live on 28 June, 1992, in Gent, Belgium. It comprises the entire show, except for "The Ruby Sea" and "Moonhead", which were released as a 7" vinyl single (Frontier 46787), and Thing, which has never been released in any format to date.
Track listing.
All songs written by Guy Kyser unless otherwise stated.
CD1
CD2

</doc>
<doc id="9687788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687788" title="Mercy Killers">
Mercy Killers

Mercy Killers is a goth band from Los Angeles. It was formed in 2005 by future members of alternative rock band +44. These were guitarists Craig Fairbank and Shane Gallagher, who continued with the project after the reformation of Blink 182 in 2009
Release.
The debut release of the Mercy Killers self-titled EP on Rancid Records and a subsequent recording deal with Hellcat Records.

</doc>
<doc id="9687798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687798" title="Bloodlove">
Bloodlove

Bloodlove is a 2006 album by the band Mercy Killers. The album features both punk and gothic influences.

</doc>
<doc id="9687801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687801" title="Finnish frigate Uusimaa">
Finnish frigate Uusimaa

Uusimaa was a Finnish . However the class was called the "Uusimaa"-class in Finland since the ship had some unique modifications (i.e. British submarine hunting equipment).
As the Finnish Navy had a manpower restriction after World War II, the navy suffered personnel shortages after the commissioning of the "Turunmaa" and "Karjala". The navy limited therefore the use of its two "Hämeenmaa" frigates and finally decided to retire them.
"Uusimaa" was in Finnish Navy service between 1964-1980. She was decommissioned in 1979 and cannibalized for spare parts for the "Hämeenmaa".

</doc>
<doc id="9687803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687803" title="AF (action figures)">
AF (action figures)

AF or the Action Force were the third generation of Action Force action figures and comic book heroes released in the United Kingdom. Originally featuring in the "Battle Action Force" comics and cast as action figures by Palitoy, they were an internationally re-worked version of the "" series.
Characterisation.
In contrast to their United States-centric , AF were written as an international band of soldiers, who fought the Red Shadows, Cobra and the Nazis.
Introduced into the series by their leader, Duke, the AF series gradually took over from the previous second-generation of Action Force and the Z Force, Q Force, Space Force and SAS teams.
As a number of the second generation Action Force figures were already repaints or recharacterisations of their G.I. Joe equivalents, there was a substantial overlap in a number of the characters (for example, Gung-Ho was simply Z Force's Gaucho, re-cast as Harry Brewster, an American from the Florida Everglades) and for that reason they never featured in storylines with their second generation counterparts. Moondancer was the only character whose profile from the Second Generation Space Force character was unchanged. Other overlaps included Breaker and Stalker both of whom had entirely different characters with identical codenames in the Second Generation Z Force and SAS teams respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="9687817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687817" title="Battle of Rio de Janeiro">
Battle of Rio de Janeiro

The Battle of Rio de Janeiro was a raid in September 1711 on the port of Rio de Janeiro in the War of Spanish Succession by a French squadron under René Duguay-Trouin. The Portuguese defenders, including the city's governor and an admiral of the fleet anchored there, were unable to put up effective resistance in spite of numerical advantages.
Four Portuguese ships of the line were lost, and the city had to pay a ransom to avoid destruction of its defences.
Background.
There were multiple reasons for the French to plan an attack on Rio de Janeiro. Firstly, the commander Duguay-Trouin had a personal reason: he was almost bankrupt. The second reason was political. The war had not gone well for France. After the defeat in the Battle of Malplaquet, the enemy was on French soil and French morale was low. A military success was urgently needed. The third reason was a question of honour. The previous year another buccaneer, Jean-François Duclerc had attempted an attack on Rio, but this expedition had ended in disaster; Duclerc and 600 of his soldiers were captured and held in unacceptable conditions. The Portuguese refused to exchange these prisoners as was stipulated in a Franco-Portuguese treaty from 1707; furthermore, Duclerc was killed in prison under mysterious circumstances in May 1711. The French wanted to liberate these prisoners, and possibly conquer some Brazilian territory.
Preparations.
In December 1710 King Louis XIV approved Duguay-Trouin's plan and provided him with a fleet of 17 ships, carrying in total 738 cannons and 6,139 men. The French treasury couldn't finance the armament of the squadron and therefore Duguay-Trouin had to search private financiers in Saint Malo and on the Royal Court; he received significant support from the Count of Toulouse.
Finally the ships could be prepared and to fool the British Navy, allied to the Portuguese,
the ships were prepared in different harbours, left at different times, and reassembled at sea off La Rochelle on June 9, 1711. British intelligence, however, were aware of Duguay-Trouin's goal, and had dispatched a packet to warn the Portuguese, both in Portugal and at Rio. They also dispatched a fleet under John Leake to blockade Duguay-Trouin before he sailed from Brest; they arrived two days too late.
The battle.
In spite of the British warning, the French appearance in Rio's harbour on 12 September was a surprise. The British news, when it arrived in August, had led Governor Francisco de Moraes de Castro to call out his militia and increase preparedness, and rumours of sails off Cabo Frio in early September had again raised the alert. However, on 11 September the governor ordered the militia to stand down, just as Duguay-Trouin was preparing his approach to the harbour. The commander of "Le Lys", Courserac, led the squadron directly in the Bay of Rio, between the forts lining the harbour entry, and straight at seven Portuguese warships that were anchored there. The Portuguese fleet commander, admiral Gaspar da Costa, could do nothing but cut the cables in hopes of getting his ships moving. Three of battleships grounded and were destroyed by the Portuguese to prevent their capture; the fourth was taken by the French and burned. Fire from the forts, undermanned after the order to stand down, did some damage to the French fleet, inflicting 300 casualties before the ships passed out of range.
After 3 days of bombardments, the French landed 3,700 men to attack the city. The governor of Rio, Castro-Morais, had fortified the city after French attacks in previous years, but very feebly commanded the defense, which buckled under the French bombardment. After a council on 21 September in which Moraes ordered the city's defenders to hold the line, militia began deserting that night, after which there began a general flight from the city that included the governor. Under the disorganised circumstances, the French prisoners from Duclerc's expedition broke out of prison.
Aftermath.
Duguay-Trouin, who had been preparing to storm the city, was alerted to the flight of the defenders by the arrival of one of Duclerc's men. Over the next few days, the French gained control of all of the bay's strong points, but the city's gold supply eluded him. Warned that reinforcements from São Paulo under command of António de Albuquerque were on their way, he threatened Moraes with the destruction of the city's defences if a ransom was not paid, which Moraes agreed to do. When the French left the city, it was with loot of estimated at 4 million pounds, including a shipment of African slaves, which Duguay-Trouin later sold in Cayenne.
The fleet arrived back unmolested in Brest in February 1712. The expedition was a military success for the French, and a financial success for its investors. The French Navy had proven it was still capable to strike at large distances.
This action would trouble Franco-Portuguese relations for many years to come.

</doc>
<doc id="9687834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687834" title="1856 in the United Kingdom">
1856 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1856 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="9687871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687871" title="Christmas Bells">
Christmas Bells

Christmas Bells may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="9687895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687895" title="Glasgow Fort">
Glasgow Fort

Glasgow Fort is a large 'out of town' shopping and leisure park located in Auchinlea Park, Provanhall and adjacent to Easterhouse, Glasgow just off Junction 10 of the M8 motorway.
The scheme is unusual when compared to other local out of town schemes such as Braehead in that it is uncovered and therefore the spaces between units are open to the elements. The design of the park incorporates a 'two-sided mall design' intended to recreate a traditional high street.
The scheme opened in October 2004 with Phase 1 of the development providing of retail accommodation. There are currently over 80 retail units and 4 additional kiosks. Retail range in size from small single floor 570 sq ft (53 sq m) spaces to large multi-floor units that are over in size. There are approximately 1,900 car parking spaces for the park.
From 2012 to 2013, an extension to Glasgow Fort was under construction. It opened in October 2013, where hundreds of Glaswegians attended the grand opening. The extension includes five new restaurants: Chiquito, Prezzo, PizzaExpress, TGI Friday's & Harvester. A Vue Cinema is also open there.
Stores.
Below are just a few of the many stores, For a full updated list visit the Store Finder
As of January 2014 ; 
New Look, TK Maxx, Next, JD Sports, SportsDirect.com, HMV, Game, WHSmith and Hobbycraft

</doc>
<doc id="9687896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687896" title="Cajuzinho">
Cajuzinho

Cajuzinho (from "caju", "cashew"; literally, "little cashew") is a popular sweet with an almost ubiquitous presences in Brazilian parties. It is made of peanuts, cashew nuts and sugar and is shaped like a tiny cashew, although it does taste strongly of peanut.

</doc>
<doc id="9687907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687907" title="Southern Maori by-election, 1922">
Southern Maori by-election, 1922

The Southern Maori by-election of 1922 was a by-election during the 20th New Zealand Parliament. The election was held on 25 January 1922, i.e. before the 1922 general election, which was held on 7 December.
The seat of Southern Maori became vacant following the death of the sitting member John Hopere Wharewiti Uru on 29 November 1921.
Four candidates contested the seat, which was won by the younger brother of the deceased member, Henry Whakatau Uru, known as Harry. He was a "native agent", 49 years old, and born in Kaiapoi.
According to the local newspaper, the Christchurch "Press" of Thursday 26 January 1922 (page 6), the new member was a supporter of the Reform government led by William Massey, not an Independent as it had stated the day before, when Teone Erihana was described as a "Government" candidate and all the others as "Independent".
The election result given by the "Press" was two votes higher than the official result published in the "New Zealand Gazette" of 9 February (page 440) i.e. 814 not 812, with Uru as 365 not 364 and Pitama as 109 not 108. Although electoral rolls of eligible voters were not published for Maori seats, the "Press" said that proportion voting was higher than in European seats, as the number on the roll was just over 1000.

</doc>
<doc id="9687908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687908" title="Isaac Carling">
Isaac Carling

Isaac Carling (April 1825 – August 1895) was an Ontario businessman and political figure. He represented Huron South in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Conservative member from 1868 to 1871.
He born in London Township in 1825, the son of Thomas Carling, the founder of the Carling brewing company. He apprenticed as a tanner in London and then moved to Exeter in 1847, where he established a tannery in partnership with his brother John Carling. He also opened a general store. In 1846, Carling had married Ann Balkwill. In 1851, he was appointed an inspector of taverns for the area. He served on the council for the United Townships of Usborne and Stephen, also serving as reeve for Stephen in 1867 and as the first reeve for Exeter in 1873. Carling was defeated by Robert Gibbons in the provincial general election of 1867, but he was declared elected in 1868 after an appeal. In 1871, Carling was defeated by Gibbons for the same seat. During his time in office, Carling petitioned the government for land in the Exeter region, then under the control of the Canada Company, to be sold to settlers. He was Master of the local Masonic Lodge.
He died at his home in Exeter in 1895, after suffering a paralysing stroke several years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="9687921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687921" title="Pietro Tomasi Della Torretta">
Pietro Tomasi Della Torretta

Pietro Paolo Tomasi, marchese Della Torretta (April 7, 1873 – December 4, 1962) was an Italian politician and diplomat, and a member of the noble family of the Princes of Lampedusa.
Born in Palermo, he earned a degree in jurisprudence, entering soon into a diplomatic career. From 1910-1914 he led the cabinet of Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Antonino Paternò-Castello di San Giuliano. Just after the latter's death, Della Torretta was sent to Munich as Italian plenipotentiary in the days preceding the outbreak of World War I. He was also in the Italian delegation at the 1919 Paris Peace Conference.
From 1921-1922 he was Minister of Foreign Affairs in the cabinet of Ivanhoe Bonomi, having been elected as Senator of the Kingdom in 1921. Later he was Italian ambassador to the United Kingdom.
Hostile to Fascism from the start of Benito Mussolini's government, he became President of the Italian Senate on July 20, 1944, after the Fascist regime collapsed.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9687922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687922" title="Yellow Submarine (sculpture)">
Yellow Submarine (sculpture)

The Yellow Submarine in Liverpool is a large model representation of the submarine featured in the animated film "Yellow Submarine", inspired by the song of the same name on the Beatles album "Revolver". It was built by a group of about 80 apprentices from Cammell Laird's shipyard, for exhibition at the International Garden Festival in Liverpool in 1984. The Submarine was in a garden themed around the Beatles, one of 60 such themed gardens, and was highly popular. The garden took the form of an apple-shaped labyrinth, containing symbolic references to the group, and included a bronze statue of John Lennon, which now stands at Liverpool John Lennon Airport.
The Submarine itself is some 51 feet long (15.62 m) and 15 feet (4.57 m) high, and weighed 18 tons. Built of steel, it has a replica control cabin containing genuine submarine equipment, and twin spiral staircases leading to the bridge, which gave a panoramic view of the garden. These were accessible via doorways at the side. Painted in vivid yellow, the hull was tilted as if about to submerge.
After the Festival site closed, the Submarine found a home for several years in Chavasse Park, an open space in the city centre, where it was readily visible to traffic entering the city centre from the south. It was retired from public view when its condition deteriorated, but was renovated to find a new home at Liverpool John Lennon Airport in 2005, with airport boss Neil Pakey stating 'Other airports have the Concorde, we have the Yellow Submarine'.

</doc>
<doc id="9687933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687933" title="Portuguese Club">
Portuguese Club

The Portuguese Club was founded by Carlos Batista, Manuel Ribeiro and Joaquim Leitao on June 5, 1974. Together they conceived the idea that a meeting place was needed where the Portuguese local citizens could interact and enrich their heritage and culture. They began by compiling a list of potentially interested people to form the first Membership Roster, followed by a meeting to elect the first Board of Directors.
The newly formed Portuguese Social Club was then registered through the Nova Scotia Registry of Joint Stocks as a Charitable Society.
Before moving to their new building at 30 Mount Hope Avenue on December 31, 1999, the Portuguese Social Club had met since its inception at St. Paul’s Parish of Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada . The Portuguese Social Club remains deeply grateful to St. Paul’s Parish of Dartmouth for their welcome and assistance and for the use of the facilities and church.

</doc>
<doc id="9687936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687936" title="Philippine general election, 2010">
Philippine general election, 2010

Elections for all positions in the Philippines above the barangay (except for Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao regional level) were held on May 10, 2010. The elected president is Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino, the 15th President of the Philippines, succeeding President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo who was barred from seeking re-election due to term restrictions. The successor of vice-president Noli de Castro is Jejomar Binay, the 15th vice president of the Philippines. The legislators elected in the 2010 elections have joined the senators of the 2007 elections and comprise the 15th Congress of the Philippines.
The 2010 election was administered by the Commission on Elections (COMELEC) in compliance with the Republic Act No. 9369, also known as the "Amended Computerization Act of 2007". It was the first national computerized election in the history of the Philippines. Although there were cases of precinct count optical scan (PCOS) machine failures, there was no postponement of elections since most technical issues were resolved by election day.
Local elections were held in all provinces, cities and municipalities for provincial governors, vice governors and board members, and city/municipal mayors, vice mayors and councilors.
There were more than 85,000 candidates for 17,000 national and local positions and it is believed that the youth had the swing vote in this election as 40% of voters are 18-35 and there are a potential 3 million first-time voters.
Background.
The current Philippine constitution allows a president to serve for only one six-year term; however, former president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo served for a total of nine years because she took over the last three years of Joseph Estrada's administration when Estrada was ousted as the result of the 2001 EDSA Revolution. In 2004, Arroyo won the election and finished her 6-year term in 2010.
General issues.
In a decision dated December 2, 2009, the Supreme Court ruled that appointive officials seeking positions in the elections do not need to resign from their posts, striking down Section 4(a) of COMELEC Resolution 8678, Section 13 of Republic Act 9369, and Section 66 of the Omnibus Election Code as unconstitutional, "for violating the equal protection clause and being too broad."
Party-switching.
As election day approached, several politicians switched political parties in order to gain votes and funding for the campaign. Many switches were controversial, with the ruling party Lakas Kampi CMD having the most defections, most of which went either to the Liberal Party or to the Nacionalista Party.
The politicians who switched parties after the start of the local campaign period are:
Furthermore, Luis "Chavit" Singson resigned from Lakas and endorsed a candidate aside from Gilberto Teodoro, but did not join another party. Singson endorsed Villar, then resigned from Lakas, but has not joined Villar's Nacionalista Party.
Controversies.
Five days before the elections, petitions were made to postpone the elections due to technical malfunctions with the electronic voting machines. On May 7, 2010, the Supreme Court rejected the petitions, affirming the vote would go ahead as planned.
Several cities and provinces encountered several problems, postponing the election.
In Caloocan, voting was delayed as the box of ballots delivered to clustered precinct 599 in the city's Pajo district contained ballots for a clustered precinct in Sampaloc, Manila.
Election-related violence.
Prior to the end of the filing of certificates of candidacy, the COMELEC had anticipated several areas to be named as "election hotspots".
On November 23, 2009, the entourage of the wife of Buluan, Maguindanao vice-mayor Esmael Mangudadatu who ran for provincial governor, including journalists, were abducted and killed in the province's town of Ampatuan. Before she was killed, Mangudadatu's wife blamed provincial governor Andal Ampatuan, Jr. as the culprit. Ampatuan Jr. was later arrested. After several arms and military vehicles were seized in Ampatuans' properties and government installations, President Arroyo declared martial law in parts of the province not controlled by the Moro Islamic Liberation Front on December 4.
On December 28, 2009, a candidate for councilor died, and two incumbent officials were wounded in an ambush in Dingras, Ilocos Norte. The gunmen fired at the convoy including barangay chairwoman Joen Caniete, who was running for councilor under the Nacionalista Party; the wounded included a sitting councilor and a provincial board member.
In Sorsogon, Julio Esquivias, a Nacionalista candidate for councilor in the town of Casiguran, died due to a gunshot wound after he was shot by an unidentified gunman.
In a command conference by the Armed Forces of the Philippines, Philippine National Police and the COMELEC, 14 election "hotspots" were identified. They were Abra, Ilocos Norte, Masbate and Nueva Ecija in Luzon, Samar (Western Samar), Eastern Samar and Antique in the Visayas, and Basilan, Sulu, Maguindanao, Lanao del Norte, Lanao del Sur, Sarangani, and Zamboanga Sibugay in Mindanao.
Worsening private armed violence was a serious security concern which had the capacity to undermine the 2010 elections. Even though a commission was already formed to dismantle private armies, skeptics were unconvinced that the government could have succeeded in this task as it had a poor track record of dealing with the ongoing problem of internal violence.
Before election day, a bomb exploded at 1:20 a.m. in Ampatuan, Maguindanao. No casualties were reported. In Conception, Iloilo, armed men fired at the Liberal Party headquarters. No casualties were reported.
During election day, three bombs exploded at a polling precinct at Pakpak elementary school in Marawi City, Lanao del Sur. No casualties or injuries were reported. Another bomb exploded in Zamboanga Sibugay, killing three people. Two bombs exploded at Mindanao State University where several polling precinct were clustered. An NK2 grenade exploded at Shariff Aguak, Maguindanao. No casualties reported. On the same day, at 12:00nn (PST), a shooting incident happened in the same area between the rival candidates. Two innocent persons were killed.
As of 1:30pm (PST) fourteen casualties were reported due to election-related violence. At 2:25pm (PST), a shooting incident in a barangay in Maguindanao caused the local cancellation of the elections.
Constitutionality of the elections.
Many concerned civil society groups including the Center for People Empowerment in Governance (CenPEG), Philippine Computer Society (PCS), and Global Filipino Nation (GFN) protested the illegality and unconstitutionality of how the elections were conducted, particularly with implementing safety measures against fraud and cheating.
In an interim report by "GFN 2010 Election Observers Team" released on May 27, 2010 titled "Foreign Observers Challenge Election Legitimacy", they presented arguments questioning the May 10, 2010 elections summarized below:
Many different groups also echoed the same sentiments like Kaakbay Partylist in its critique of the May 10, 2010 polls. They also questioned the removal of digital signatures
Removal of digital signatures.
While Republic Act 9369 states that ""The election returns transmitted electronically and digitally signed shall be considered as official election results and shall be used as the basis for the canvassing of votes and the proclamation of a candidate."", the Commission on Elections (COMELEC) issued Resolution 8786 on March 4, 2010 which became the basis for the decision to remove digital signatures which the COMELEC ruled as no longer necessary. Three Board of Election Inspectors (BEIs) were originally required to put in their iButton Key for the results to be digitally signed before transmission and make it official. But because of the issuance of COMELEC Resolution 8786, BEIs were directed to press "No" when asked by the PCOS machines to digitally sign the files for transmission.
In the joint committee meeting at Batasang Pambansa, Senator Enrile asked the COMELEC officials why they removed the use of the digital signatures. Cesar Flores, Smartmatic Asia Pacific president, said "“The voting machine has a digital signature in itself which is also corroborated in the card and the password that is provided to the BEIs. The BEIs when they sign the password, they encrypt the result, and the result is digitally signed.”" (Sic)
Kaakbay Partylist released its critique of the election on June 6, 2010. The group cited complaints regarding the removal of main security features and verifiability of votes and also answered the arguments of those given by the COMELEC officials:
""On March 4, 2010, Comelec issued Resolution 8786 dated March 4, 2010, essentially disabling the use of digital signatures. Thus, the electronically transmitted votes from the precincts no longer bear digital signatures. Several excuses were given by Comelec ranging from PCOS machine signatures being equivalent to digital signature (which of course is not true); use of digital signature will require another P1 billion (as if digital feature is not included in the P7.1-billion contract); reducing transmission time (how less than one minute signing digitally will reduce much a transmission of about 30 to 60 minutes?); and the PCOS i-button and BEI Personal Identification Numbers (PINs) are equivalents (of course, not)"".
Results.
Reports indicated that the election day was marred with controversies, particularly in the insurgent-ridden province of Mindanao, though other provinces also faced difficulties such as computer glitches on the voting machines, disorderly conduct, vote buying, and violence. In Cebu City, spikes placed by unidentified men on the road caused a delay in the delivery of ballot boxes throughout the province of Cebu early Monday.
A total of over 76,340 precinct count optical scanner (PCOS) machines, about 5,000 back-up units, and about 1,700 servers were deployed in the country's first nation-wide fully automated elections—from counting of votes to transmission and canvassing of election results. Election day had live full coverage from GMA 7 and ABS-CBN. Besides logistical problems, during the last few days prior to the election poll machine and services supplier Smartmatic-Total Information Management (TIM) found cases of PCOS machine failures. Nonetheless, it was decided not to postpone elections since the technical issues were resolved quickly and the solution could be deployed by the day of election. Despite the fact that some provinces reported issues in the election process, these did not surpass the 0.50% of the total number of PCOS machines, and most were replaced on time, as planned for. As a result of the delays, the COMELEC extended voting hours from 6:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. and continued through the night transmitting the votes from every precinct scattered across the country.
After the elections closed and transmissions from PCOS machines began arriving "en masse" and the COMELEC was able to publish the first partial results, many former doubts and concerns vanished, replaced by astonishment due to the unprecedented speed of the tally
President.
The presidential candidate with the greatest number of votes, Benigno Aquino III, was been declared the winner. A separate election was held for the vice president; the two elected officials need not be running mates in order to be elected.
Congress.
Senate.
One-half of the Philippine Senate was up for election. The Philippines uses the plurality-at-large voting system for the Senate race.
House of Representatives.
All seats in the House were up for election, elections were done for legislative districts and party-list.
International reaction.
The United States and the European Union praised the republic for the smooth elections. The US embassy was one of the first to hail the general elections.
Seeing the patience and the number of people turned in the elections, EU ambassador Alistair MacDonald shared his experience and reflection in observing the Filipinos.
MacDonald also expressed that the EU was impressed for the elections being "smooth” and “generally trouble-free.”
He also appreciated the teacher's hard work for the said elections.

</doc>
<doc id="9687957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687957" title="Sodagreen">
Sodagreen

Sodagreen (; stylized as sodagreen) is a Taiwanese indie band formed in 2001. Its members has been unchanged since 2003. Sodagreen emerged in the Taiwanese indie music scene after receiving the Grand Jury Award in the Hohaiyan Gongliau Rock Festival in 2004, after which it signed a contract with Willlin Music. The band is the first indie band hold a concert in the Taipei Arena. The band is well known for its main vocalist and songwriter Wu Tsing-Fong, who is prominent for his poetic lyrics, unique performing style and wide vocal range.
History.
Sodagreen was named by Shih, the band's leader at the time, and Wu, the lead vocalist. The band was originally named Soda (蘇打). Shih felt that having a band name with three Chinese characters would be easier to pronounce. Wu then suggested to add the word "green" (綠), his favourite colour, at the end of the name, and formed the name Sodagreen.
In May 2001, Sodagreen competed in the Golden Melody Cup held by National Chengchi University and won "Best Popularity" by the composition "Peeping". Earning the appreciation of Shiao-Ying, one of the judges, they recorded "Peeping" for the compilation "Taiwan independent compilation 2001", released by TCM. In April the next year, after several changes in the line-up of the band (guitarists), Sodagreen participated in Golden Melody Cup once again, this time winning the "Best Band", "Best Composition", "Best Lyrics", and "Best Music" awards.
In March 2003, A-Fu and Jia-Kai, also from National Chengchi University, and A-Gong from Taipei National University of the Arts joined Sodagreen. The band's members have remained unchanged since. In July the same year, since most of the members were going to graduate and go separate ways after graduation, the band decided to have their last performance tour. In the first stop f they tour, they performed at the Hohaiyan Gongliau Rock Festival's Hot Wave Rock section and caught the attention of the famous indie producerWill Lin.
In August 2004, Sodagreen were awarded the Grand Jury Award of Hohaiyan Gongliau Rock Festival, after which the band signed an official contract with indie producer Will Lin's Willlin Music. In September 2005, they released their self-titled debut album, "sodagreen", after a series of singles and EPs. The band garnered a few nominations in the Golden Melody awards of 2006 for this album. In October 2006, they released their second album, "Little Universe". That December, they released a single- "My Future Is Not a Dream", a collaboration with A-pay, a band under the same label.
In June 2007, Sodagreen were awarded the "Best Band Award" at the 18th Golden Melody Awards. Wu Tsing-Fong also received the highly coveted "Best Melody Award" for the song "Little Love Song", which was also nominated for the award for the best lyrics. "Little Universe" itself was nominated for the award for the best album. In November, Sodagreen released their third album, "Incomparable Beauty". Shortly after, they held their first concert at a major venue, the "Absolutely Beautiful Concert", which was held at the Taipei Arena. They were the first indie band to hold a concert there. The concert holds the record for being the longest concert ever held at the venue, with Sodagreen playing for five hours, incurring a large fine for playing too late into the night.
In May 2008, the band released the live album "Sing With Me", which included live tracks from the "Absolutely Beautiful Concert" as well as three new studio tracks. "Lover Animal" was the official Chinese language theme song for the movie Juno. That year at the 19th Golden Melody Awards, they were awarded the "Best Band Award" for the second time in a row.
In 2009, Sodagreen began their Vivaldi Project, planning to record and release four concept albums based on the four seasons within two years. The band recorded "Daylight of Spring" in Taidung and released it in May. They then travelled to London to record "Summer/Fever", releasing it in September. Late that year, the band performed a solo concert at the Taipei Arena for the second time, playing for two nights at the "Daylight Fever Concert". However, their plans to record albums based on the next two seasons were cut short by keyboardist A-gong's call-up to the Taiwanese army to fulfil his national service.
In 2010, Sodagreen's two albums led to a double nomination for the "Best Band Award". The music video for the song "Daylight" won its directors the award for the best music video. That year, the band released their second live album, "Once in a Lifetime", comprising live recordings from the "Daylight Fever Concerts" and three studio-recorded songs. The tracks "Once in a Lifetime" and "No Sleep" were listed at number 29 and 84 respectively on Hit Fm Taiwan's "Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart" (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2010. Guitarist A-fu was called up for national service shortly after.
After A-gong's return from the army in 2011, the band released their eighth album, "What is Troubling You" in November, on the same day as the album releases of Mandopop heavyweights Jay Chou and Eason Chan. The song "Enjoy Loneliness" shot to fame online after Wu sang it on the talk show Kangxi Lai Le. The music video for the titular song "What is Troubling You" also trended worldwide on video-sharing website YouTube for a few days after its release. Shortly before A-fu's return from the army in January 2012, the band announced that their third Taipei Arena concert, "Walk Together" would be held in March that year. The "Walk Together World Tour" was kicked off at the Taipei Arena over two nights, 3 March and 4 March 2012. Two more sold-out concerts followed at the Kaohsiung K-Arena on 18 August and 19 August 2012. The band also toured Australia, Singapore, Hong Kong and various cities in China such as Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu, Shenzhen, Nanjing and others.
The band's first performance of 2013 was at the Cotai Arena of The Venetian Macao Casino/Resort/Hotel in Macao on 5 January 2013. Shortly after ending the Walk Together World Tour in Shanghai on 3 August 2013, Sodagreen announced that "Autumn: Stories", the third instalment in the band's Vivaldi Project, would be released on 18 September 2013. The release of the album in September was accompanied by a series of six live house performances in Beijing, with the tickets to these mini-concerts selling out within ten minutes of the opening of online booking services.
In 2014, the band held their 10 years anniversary tour "Aerial visions, Sounds And Illusions". As a remembrance, the name of the band's first single was used as the name of their concert. The concert kicked start at Hong Kong Coliseum on 11 April 2014.
Sodagreen is currently planning their last album in their Vivaldi Project. Like the previous three albums, the last one will be related to the winter and Sodagreen will choose Berlin to be the background of the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9687977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687977" title="Verona (singer)">
Verona (singer)

Verona is a female Swedish singer. Her real name is "Veronika Andersson".
Verona performed in the Melodifestivalen 2007 with the song "La Musica". The song was entirely in Italian and ended up 8th and last in her semi final.
The Melodifestivalen act caused some controversy when Verona's dancers had Victoria Beckham designer jeans "Rock and Republic" on the live show, even though it's not permitted to use product endorsements on the show.
Single information
16 (Finland) [http://www.ifpi.fi/tilastot/virallinen-lista/artistit/verona/ti+sento]
20 (Sweden)
1. La Musica (Radio Edit)
2. La Musica (Punkstar Remix)
5 (Finland)
2 (Sweden)
30 (Slovenia)

</doc>
<doc id="9687981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687981" title="Fragile Records">
Fragile Records

Fragile Records is a sub-record label of Transmat from Detroit.
Fragile Records Discography

</doc>
<doc id="9687983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687983" title="Proton Synchrotron Booster">
Proton Synchrotron Booster

The Proton Synchrotron Booster, a synchrotron, is the first and smallest circular proton accelerator in the accelerator chain at the CERN Large Hadron Collider injection complex [http://ps-div.web.cern.ch/ps-div/LHC-PS/LHC-PS.html]. The accelerator was built in 1972, and contains four superimposed rings with a radius of 25 meters. It takes protons with an energy of 50 MeV from the linear accelerator Linac2 and accelerates them up to 1.4 GeV, ready to be injected into the Proton Synchrotron.

</doc>
<doc id="9687993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9687993" title="Raymond Kaelbel">
Raymond Kaelbel

Raymond Kaelbel (31 January 1932 in Colmar, Haut-Rhin – 17 April 2007) was a French international footballer who was part of France national football team during 1958 FIFA World Cup.
He was the member of The Board of directors of RC Strasbourg and resided in Illkirch-Graffenstaden before he was deceased.

</doc>
<doc id="9688004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688004" title="Azalea, Oregon">
Azalea, Oregon

Azalea is an unincorporated community in Douglas County, Oregon, United States, about 10 miles Northeast of Glendale on Interstate 5.
Azalea was named for the abundance of azaleas in the area, including the "Azalea occidentalis" and the "Azaleastrum albiflorum". The name Azalea was used for two different post offices in the upper Cow Creek Valley in Douglas County. A post office named "Starvout" was established in 1888. The name was changed to "Booth" in 1907 and to "Azalea" in 1914. There was a different Azalea post office in the area that ran from 1899 to 1909. Its USPS assigned ZIP Code is 97410.
Azalea is the hometown of decathlete and Olympian Tom Pappas.

</doc>
<doc id="9688010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688010" title="María Mercedes (telenovela)">
María Mercedes (telenovela)

María Mercedes () is a Mexican telenovela directed by Beatriz Sheridan and starring Thalía and Arturo Peniche. It was the first of the "Marías" telenovela trilogy, being followed by María la del barrio and Marimar.
Plot.
Maria Mercedes is a poor young woman who is abandoned with her brothers and sister by her ambitious mother. Because of the lack of support from her perennially drunk father, she is forced to raise her brothers and sister on her own, working in the streets of Mexico City selling lottery tickets and flowers.
Santiago del Olmo is very sick and knows that he is dying. One morning when he is in the garden, he sees María selling lottery tickets in the street. He comes up with the idea to marry her just to upset his political aunt Malvina after his death as a personal revenge. He gains Maria's trust and friendship, proposes to her, and she agrees. When Santiago dies, María became the head of the family, making Malvina's ire burn stronger. According to his will, Malvina, her son Jorge Luis and her daughter Digna must live there, if they want to inherit any of his fortune. Jorge Luis is a sad man since the murder of his wife on his wedding day. His younger sister Digna is a very religious woman who has never dated a man at all and is afraid of almost every thing, especially her mother.
After María moves into the del Olmo household, she falls in love with Jorge Luis, who is weak against his mother's will and always does as she wants.
Malvina makes it her life's mission to antagonize María. When she finds out that María loves her son, she pushes him to marry her in order to get the money back. She plans that after a few weeks he could make her give him control over the whole fortune and after that get divorced.
Jorge Luis and María get married but they do not share a room nor live like a traditional married couple. Within time, Jorge Luis starts to develop a real and deep love for María. On the other hand, María has another foe, Mistica, a sultry and selfish woman. She used to be Jorge Luis' girlfriend, but then left him heartbroken to marry a wealthy man, Sebastian Ordoñez. She realizes that she still loves Jorge Luis and is furious to know that he is married and falling in love with Maria. She promises herself that she will get Jorge Luis back and starts to help Malvina get rid of María.
María meets Magnolia, a beautiful, rich, and sophisticated woman who is her real mother. Magnolia has now remarried and has another son, but she regrets deeply having left her children. She gains María's trust and starts to help her daughters and her sons, especially Guillermo who is in jail and is the only one who recognizes her. Her true identity remains a secret for María and her other siblings, Rosario and Andres, and all the things she does for them have to be hidden from her new husband, Rodolfo (an architect who is Rosario's boss and is also a friend of Jorge Luis' family) and their son Gustavito (which is a youngest half-brother of Guillermo, Maria Mercedes, Rosario and Andres).
Magnolia teaches María good manners and how to seduce her husband. After Sebastian Ordoñes drops a high class party where he will give a prize to Jorge Luis and then tries to seduce María, Jorge Luis moved by jealousy and by the sight of the beautiful and well-dressed María, finally starts to fall for her and they sleep together. Soon María learns she is pregnant.
After María's father passes away, she and Jorge Luis go on a vacation trip that goes terribly awful because of the intervention of both Mistica and a local lifeguard who hits on María. Jorge Luis makes up his mind and asks María for a divorce as soon as they arrive back to Mexico City. However, Malvina has other plans. She tries to drive María crazy with the help of Cordelio, the butler, and puts her in an asylum. María manages to escape from the asylum and hides from the police in Doña Filo's house, a good friend from her poverty years, until Jorge Luis ask the police not to pursue her any more.
With Cordelio as her ally, Malvina tries to kill María but all fails. Malvina realizes Magnolia's influence and begins to wonder if she could be María's mother. She tells this to her new husband, Rodolfo Mancilla, who in turn goes to María's old house (where Rosario and Andres still live) and asks to see a picture of their mother. He at once recognizes her and later confronts her, arguing with her and throwing her out. Magnolia nevertheless survives by helping out a French tailor who once recognized her talent and pushed her ambitions (which clashed with the need to raise her family; she chose her career over them).
Far from María, Jorge Luis realizes that his feeling for her have grown so strong that he can’t live without her any more. He asks for forgiveness and she returns to the house where they live as a real married couple.
Nine months later María gives birth to twin girls, one of which dies a few days later. Jorge Luis put an end to Mistica's intentions for good after Mistica attempts to pin a pregnancy on him (the child was actually her husband Sebastian's). When he discovers that his mother still hates María, he decides that it is time to leave his mother and raise his family with Maria. He stands up for himself for the very first time against his mother's wishes and leaves. Malvina goes crazy and dresses as María used to in her poverty years and runs to the street where she starts to sell lottery tickets and clean windshields. She is caught and put in an asylum.
Magnolia tells the truth to her offspring. María at first is shocked by this revelation but her resentment shatters and she accepts her mother with love. Rosario is nevertheless disgusted and filled with rancor, a situation that remains until her old boss Rodolfo Mancilla agrees to accept them as his (step-)children. With this, the sisters make peace and Rosario can finally accept the courtship of Ricardo, a younger friend of Jorge Luis', without any remarks by María.
Since María and Jorge Luis only had a civil wedding, they have a great church wedding in the Basilica de Guadalupe with all their friends and relatives, closing the scene after they say "I do" and putting an end to the novella with a romantic kiss.
Remake.
In April 2013, ABS-CBN announced that they have bought the rights to air a Philippine version of "María Mercedes" after the success of the remake versions of "Marimar" (2007), "Rosalinda" (2009) (both were aired on GMA-7) and "María la del Barrio" (2011). The series starred Jessy Mendiola in the title role, together with Jake Cuenca and Jason Abalos as her leading men, while Nikki Gil and Vivian Velez starred as the main antagonists. The series premiered on October 7, 2013 and ended on January 24, 2014.
it remade by Indonesia as "Cinta Bunga"

</doc>
<doc id="9688013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688013" title="Xtreem Music">
Xtreem Music

Xtreem Music is an independent Spanish record label, founded after the collapse of Repulse Records in 2002, and managed by Dave Rotten (vocalist of Avulsed). It mainly produce extreme death metal and black metal bands.
On April 11th, Xtreem Music announced that Iranian death metal band, Azooma have signed a worldwide contract with the record label. 

</doc>
<doc id="9688016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688016" title="1887 in the United Kingdom">
1887 in the United Kingdom

Events from the year 1887 in the United Kingdom. This is the Queen's Golden Jubilee year.

</doc>
<doc id="9688022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688022" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Sansepolcro">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Sansepolcro

The Diocese of Sansepolcro was a Roman Catholic diocese in Italy.
It was erected in 1515 and in 1986 was united with the diocese of Arezzo-Cortona-Sansepolcro.

</doc>
<doc id="9688031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688031" title="Charles Lyttelton, 8th Viscount Cobham">
Charles Lyttelton, 8th Viscount Cobham

Charles George Lyttelton, 8th Viscount Cobham (27 October 1842 – 9 June 1922), known as The Lord Lyttelton from 1876 to 1889, was a British peer and Liberal Member of Parliament.
Biography.
Cobham was the eldest son of George William Lyttelton, 4th Baron Lyttelton, and Mary Glynne. Alfred Lyttelton was his younger brother. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge.
He was elected to the House of Commons for East Worcestershire in 1868, a seat he held until 1874. Apart from his parliamentary career he also served as High Sheriff of Bewdley. Cobham succeeded his father as fifth Baron Lyttelton in 1876. In 1889 he also succeeded his distant relative Richard Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville, 3rd Duke of Buckingham and Chandos, as eighth Baron and Viscount Cobham.
Cobham married the Hon. Mary Susan Caroline Cavendish, daughter of William George Cavendish, 2nd Baron Chesham, in 1878. He died in June 1922, aged 79, and was succeeded in his titles by his eldest son John. His second son George William Lyttelton became a noted master at Eton and was the father of the jazz trumpeter Humphrey Lyttelton. Lady Cobham died in 1937.
He came from a notable cricketing family, his father (GW Lyttelton), five brothers (GWS Lyttelton, AT Lyttelton, RH Lyttelton, E Lyttelton, Hon. A Lyttelton), his sons (JC Lyttelton, CF Lyttelton) and his grandson (CJ Lyttelton) all playing first-class cricket, and in the case of the Hon. A Lyttelton Test cricket. He himself played 35 first-class matches between 1861 and 1867, mainly for Cambridge University. A right-handed batsman and wicketkeeper, he scored 1439 runs at an average of 27.15, including 2 centuries. Cobham was President of Marylebone Cricket Club in 1886.
Cobham was a member of the Tennis Committee of the Marylebone Cricket Club which was responsible for framing standardized rules for the new sport of lawn tennis. These unified " Laws of Lawn Tennis" were published on 29 May 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="9688038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688038" title="Emilè Azar">
Emilè Azar

Emilè Azar (born in Beirut, Lebanon on 2 May 1985) is a Swedish singer of Lebanese origin, and a resident of Sandviken, Sweden. He sent in a song to Melodifestivalen and got a spot on the show in a bid to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007, receiving media attention because of his massive weight loss after getting a spot in Melodifestivalen.
On 24th of February 2007, Emilé Azar performed the song "Vi hade nåt" (meaning We had something) in Melodifestivalen 2007 and ended up in 7th place and did not make it any further in the contest.

</doc>
<doc id="9688040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688040" title="National anthem of Denmark">
National anthem of Denmark

Denmark has two official national anthems with equal status: 

</doc>
<doc id="9688049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688049" title="Marinkova Bara">
Marinkova Bara

Marinkova Bara (Serbian Cyrillic: Маринкова Бара) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac.
Location.
Marinkova Bara (Serbian for "Marinko's bog") is located in the northern section of the municipality, along the southern side of the Belgrade-Niš highway, in the valley of the Mokroluški potok. It is bordered by the neighborhoods of Dušanovac (west), Braće Jerković (south), Medaković (south-east & east) and Konjarnik (north, across the highway).
Characteristics.
Marinkova Bara originates from the 1920s and 1930s when the small village was the eastern suburb of Belgrade. It is mostly a low-class neighborhood, with the common yards and small, individual houses. Most of the population are the Romani, but as the neighborhood is old, it is fully urbanized and thus not classified as an informal settlement. It is known for many small stores, repair and craftsmen shops, etc. Some of the installations of the Serbian power company, "Elektrodistribucija" and facilities of the Belgrade's communal company are located in the western parts of the neighborhood.
Siva Stena.
Siva Stena (Сива Стена) is the southern extension of Marinkova Bara, formerly considered to be one the same neighborhood. Today, center of the neighborhood is located around the street of the same name, which connects "Braće Jerković" street on the west and "Zaplanjska" street on the east. Many areas of former Marinkova Bara-Siva Stena neighborhood which was periphery of Belgrade before World War II are today occupied by the Central Cemetery, built in 1939, while the eastern and southern extensions were detached and since the 1960s urbanized into the modern neighborhoods of Medaković I and Braće Jerković, respectivelly.
Today, Siva Stena forms a local community ("mesna zajednica"), administrative sub-municipal unit, within the municipality of Voždovac and forms urban connection between the neighborhoods of Marinkova Bara, Medaković I, Braće Jerković, Dušanovac and Voždovac itself. It had a population of 6,960 by the 2002 Census of population.

</doc>
<doc id="9688056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688056" title="Mount Vaca">
Mount Vaca

Mount Vaca is a mountain in Napa and Solano counties of Northern California. It is both the highest point in the Vaca Mountains and in Solano County. It is also one of several peaks in the San Francisco Bay Area that receive winter snow.
Origin of name.
"Vaca" is the Spanish word for cow. Although cattle ranching historically played an important role in the area, Mount Vaca and the nearby city of Vacaville are actually named for Juan Manuel Cabeza Vaca (1782-1856), who with Juan Felipe Pena received in 1843 the Rancho Los Putos Mexican land grant, which included the peak that now bears Vaca's name.
Public access.
The summit of Mount Vaca is reached via either Mix Canyon Road or Gates Canyon Road, both of which originate in Vacaville California. These roads intersect Blue Ridge Road, which is the same as County Road 354, and follows the ridge top to the summit high point. Lands on either side of Blue Ridge Road are private property, but the road itself is a public thoroughfare. Although both Gates Canyon and Mix Canyon are often illegally posted with "No Trespassing" signs to prevent reaching Blue Ridge Road, public access is confirmed by the Solano County Surveyors Office. There are also Fire Department gates across Blue Ridge Road that are closed during periods of extreme fire danger, but should be open otherwise.
High-definition Doppler weather radar.
The San Francisco Bay Area is surrounded by mountain ranges that obstruct weather radar, even government broadcasts, thereby leaving blind spots in the weather prediction system. As a consequence, television station KPIX-TV, a San Francisco CBS affiliate, partnered with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to build a Doppler weather radar on top of Mt. Vaca. Before this, the mountain blocked radar information about storms coming in from the Northwest, which compromised weather prediction and allowed for flooding, heavy rains, and high winds without prior warnings. This new radar system gives meteorologists a more complete view of precipitation and temperature patterns in the Bay Area, and allows for more accurate weather predictions.

</doc>
<doc id="9688057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688057" title="Hugo Alcântara">
Hugo Alcântara

Hugo da Silva Alcântara (born 28 July 1979) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Grêmio Esportivo Osasco as a central defender.
Football career.
Born in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso, Alcântara played for several modest clubs in his country, almost all hailing from his native region. In 2000 he was part of Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas' roster, but played in no official games.
In the 2001–02 season Alcântara moved to Portugal with Vitória de Setúbal, going on to appear in an average of 26 league matches in his four-year spell – 2003–04 was spent in the second division, with promotion – and helping the "Sadinos" win the 2005 domestic cup against S.L. Benfica (he played the full 90 minutes in the 2–1 final win); he spent 2005–06 with fellow top-divisioner Académica de Coimbra, only missing seven games during the campaign for an eventual 13th-place finish.
After one season in Poland and another back in Portugal with C.F. Os Belenenses, Alcântara joined a host of Portuguese (or Portugal-based) players at Romanian club CFR Cluj. He made his Liga I debut on 26 October 2008 in a 1–2 away loss against FC Politehnica Timișoara, and proceeded to be relatively played during his stint as the club won five major titles, including the 2010 national championship (22 appearances and three goals from the player).
In February 2011, Alcântara signed for J. League Division 1 side Montedio Yamagata. Before the season started, however, he left the club, in the aftermath of the earthquake in Japan. On 4 April, he joined Clube Atlético Paranaense.
After only a three-month spell, 32-year-old Alcântara returned to Portugal once again, signing with U.D. Leiria on 11 July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9688060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688060" title="Medaković">
Medaković

Medaković or colloquially Medak (Serbian Cyrillic: Медаковић, ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac, with the easternmost part of Medaković III being in the municipality of Zvezdara. It is located in the valley of the Mokroluški potok, south of the Belgrade-Niš highway and consists of three parts, Medaković I on the west, Medaković II in the center and Medaković III on the east, the latter two being divided by the "Vojislava Ilića" street. The combined population of the entire neighborhood was 23,691 by the 2002 census of population.
Medaković I.
Medaković I is the western and oldest section of the neighborhood. It is bounded by the streets "Medakovićeva" on the north, where it borders the neighborhood of Marinkova Bara), "Zaplanjska" on the west where it borders Dušanovac and "Ignjata Joba" on the south where it borders the neighborhood of Braće Jerković. On the east and northeast it extends into Medaković II. The combined population of Medaković I and Medaković II is 11,038 in 2002.
Medaković II.
Medaković II is the central section. It borders the neighborhoods of Medaković I (west), Marinkova Bara (north), Braće Jerković (south) and Medaković III (east). It is entirely residential area, with central part constructed of 10 half-sphered buildings, centered around the roundabout of the bus line 30.
Medaković III.
Medaković III is the eastern and newer section of the neighborhood, mostly finished in the 1980s, but the full completion (arrangement of the green areas, streets, etc.) has not been done. It consists of similar, orange-white buildings with inclined, alpine-look rooftops. Medaković III is bordered by the neighborhoods of Medaković II (west), Padina (south) and Marinkova Bara (north, along the highway). It had the population of 12,653 (including some 2,000 in Padina) in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="9688071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688071" title="New Paths to Helicon, Pt. 2">
New Paths to Helicon, Pt. 2

"New Paths to Helicon, Pt. 2" (almost always referred to as "Helicon 2") is a song by Scottish band Mogwai. It was first released as a double A-side with "New Paths to Helicon, Pt. 1", on 7" limited to 3000 copies. It was later included on the 1997 compilation album, "Ten Rapid (Collected Recordings 1996-1997)". The single reached #2 in English radio presenter John Peel's 1997 Festive Fifty Chart.
Overview.
A live version of "Helicon 2" (recorded live by John Peel from a BBC Radio Session at Maida Vale in 20 January 1998) can be found on Mogwai's 2005 live compilation album, "". The last track on "Ten Rapid", "End", is simply "Helicon 2" played backwards. "Helicon 2" was featured on the Scottish Association for Mental Health's 2004 compilation album, "One-In-Four".
Musical composition.
The track begins immediately with a quiet guitar melody, and soft drums which are repeated along with bass and guitar doubling them. At (0:34), the guitar goes on to play a lead part, while the other guitar plays soft harmonics. At (1:08), they slide back into the main riff. At (1:42), a stronger, more distinctive lead part is played. This continues until (2:16), when the main riff is repeated for the last time. At (2:32), the song ends abruptly.

</doc>
<doc id="9688135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688135" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Cassano all'Jonio">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cassano all'Jonio

The Diocese of Cassano all'Jonio is a Roman Catholic diocese in Calabria.
On December 9, 2011, the diocese was reported to have a population of 107,600 of which 106,000 were Catholics. There were 87 priests, 3 permanent deacons, and 77 religious.
History.
It is not known when it became an episcopal see; some place either in the 5th century or in 500. In 1059 mention is made of a bishop of Cassano, otherwise unknown. In 1096 we read of a bishop known as Saxo (Sassone). In the 11th Century, the Diocese became a Suffragan of Reggio Calabria. On February 13, 1919, the Diocese had territory transferred to create the Eparchy of Lungro for the Italo-Albanian Catholic Church. On January 30, 2001, the Archdiocese of Cosenza-Bisignano was elevated to a Metropolitan See with Cassano all'Jonio as a suffragan diocese.
Bishops.
Other bishops were:

</doc>
<doc id="9688144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688144" title="Little Free Rock">
Little Free Rock

Little Free Rock was an English late 1960s psychedelic hard rock trio from Preston in Lancashire, England. It featured Peter Illingworth (lead guitar and vocals) (born 21 July 1943, Inglewhite Road, Longridge, Lancashire) (formerly with David John and the Mood who recorded with Joe Meek), Paul Varley (drums) (later with Arrows) and Frank Newbold (bass and vocals). They began performing covers of The Who, The Creation ("Makin' Time" appeared on their album) and Tomorrow, but were soon doing mainly their own compositions.
The band performed regularly at the Roundhouse Sunday Night Implosion events and had numerous residencies at the Marquee Club. As well as performing all over Belgium, continental trips included the Star-Club in Hamburg, the Essen Jazz and Blues Festival, and festivals in Frankfurt, San Tropez and Santa Margarita de la Costa in Italy.
They changed their name from Purple Haze to avoid confusion with the Jimi Hendrix single.
Peter Green (Fleetwood Mac) joined the band for a short period, but the recordings were never released.

</doc>
<doc id="9688148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688148" title="Ramon Bloomberg">
Ramon Bloomberg

Ramon Bloomberg (born 1972 in Sheffield, England) is an artist and film director currently based in Brooklyn and working in the UK, United States, and France.

</doc>
<doc id="9688151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688151" title="Sam Snyders">
Sam Snyders

Sam Snyders (also known as "Sammy Snyders"), is a former television and film child actor from Canada.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, he is best known for his role as Tom Sawyer in the 1979 Canadian television series, "Huckleberry Finn and His Friends", alongside Ian Tracey who played Huckleberry Finn, and for his role as Jamie Benjamin in the 1981 horror film "The Pit".
In 1980, Snyders starred on the second season of the nationally syndicated American situation comedy, "The Baxters". On the series, Snyders played Gregg Baxter, the son of an average middle-class family living in a suburb of St. Louis. Originally produced by Norman Lear in its first season, the series was the first "interactive sitcom" of its kind, wherein the first half of each 30-minute episode presented a vignette dramatizing the events in the lives of the Baxter family, and the second half was an "instant analysis" talk show segment, giving a live studio audience and guests an opportunity to express their opinions about the topic being presented that week.
Snyders also produced specials for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, and performed on stage in "A Chorus Line" and "Oliver Twist".
Currently Snyders is a dance teacher and president of union local 1996 of Unifor (formerly the Communication, Energy, and Paper workers Union ), part of Bell Technical Solutions in Toronto. He was elected to that position in November 2006 and has continued to serve in that capacity since.

</doc>
<doc id="9688169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688169" title="Al Dubois">
Al Dubois

Al Dubois (born Alan Claude Dubois, July 30, 1947) is a Canadian television personality, actor, narrator. He hosted the popular game show "Bumper Stumpers" between 1987 and 1990. He was born in the Eastern Townships of Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="9688173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688173" title="Moss Airport, Rygge">
Moss Airport, Rygge

Moss Airport, Rygge (; ), also known as Rygge Airport or Oslo Airport, Rygge, is an international airport serving Moss, Oslo and Eastern Norway. It is located in Rygge, outside Moss and outside Oslo. Both a regional airport for Østfold county as well as for low-cost airlines, it is owned and operated by the private company Rygge Sivile Lufthavn AS. The airport is co-located with Rygge Air Station, operated by the Royal Norwegian Air Force, who also own the land and runway. The control tower services (air traffic control) are operated by Avinor. In addition to charter flights, the airport is a base for Ryanair.
The airport opened on 8 October 2007, but did not officially open until 14 February 2008, when regular scheduled services started. In March 2010, Ryanair established a base at the airport, and has moved most of its Oslo-bound flights from Torp Airport. The airport has a capacity for 2 million passengers per year, but cannot reach this because of a concession limit of 21,000 annual air movements. The airport had 619,000 passengers in 2009. Rygge has an airport rail link, via a shuttle bus, at Rygge Station.
History.
The first aerodrome at Rygge was built in 1942 and 1943, but was located about west from the current runway. The aerodrome was closed in 1945, but reopened in 1949 as a military aviation school, although the school only remained for two years. In 1952 it was decided that Rygge was to become a military air station which met NATO specifications. This included the expropriation of of land, costing NOK 12 million. The new Rygge Main Air Station was established on 15 September 1954, after investments of NOK 127 million. The old airport was closed and remained a camp until it was closed in 2003. Rygge Main Air Station hosted the 332 Squadron, and later the 336 Squadron and the 330 Squadron. From 2003, the fighter jets were moved from Rygge to Bodø Main Air Station.
On 8 October 1998, the main airport serving Oslo and Eastern Norway was moved from Oslo Airport, Fornebu to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen. Several other locations, including Hurum, Hobøl and Ås, had been considered, all which were located closer to Oslo and the Oslofjord area. The choice of location was controversial, in part because Gardermoen would be located further than Fornebu from among other things Østfold and Follo. In 1998, a report was made by SCC Trafikon which concluded that by building a civilian section at Rygge Air Station, it would be possible to generate 130,000 passengers per year, of which 40,000 would be charter travels. This was a higher passenger potential than Torp. Several regional airlines, such as Teddy Air, Air Stord and Coast Air, all stated that they could be interested in routes from Rygge, while Scandinavian Airlines, Braathens and Widerøe stated that they were not interested in flying from the airport. The idea was initially supported by local parliamentarians, Østfold County Council and the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. The latter stated that the most important air routes were those to Gardermoen and Torp, while the Trafikon report recommended routes to Bergen, Stavanger, Trondheim and Copenhagen.
In February 1999, Minister of Transport and Communications Dag Jostein Fjærvoll stated that he supported the opening of civilian traffic from Rygge. Estimates from then were for an investment of 80 million Norwegian krone for a capacity of 150,000 annual passengers. However, the plans allowed for further expansion to 500,000 annual passengers. In July, the operating company Rygge Sivile Lufthavn was established. Owners were Borregaard (46.7%), Østfold County Municipality (20%), M. Peterson & Søn (16.6%) and Capricorn Invest (16.6%). The share capital was initially NOK 3 million. Egil Ullebø was appointed the company's chair. According to the plans, the company would need NOK 50 million in share capital, and the Norwegian Civil Airport Administration was intended to own 34% of the airport.
On 12 January 2000, Københavns Lufthavne, which operates among other things Copenhagen Airport, bought 33.3% of the shares in Rygge Sivile Lufthavn. The company stated that they had invited the Norwegian Civil Airport Administration to purchase part of the company, but that no decision had been made by the government agency. The company stated that they were therefore forced to invite a foreign airport operate to purchase part of the company to have sufficient competence in airport operations. In December, the Norwegian Civil Airport Administration stated that they were negative to the plans for civilian traffic at Rygge. The administration operates with the model that the large airports, in particular Gardermoen, make a profit, which is used to finance the deficits at smaller airports. The administration stated that establishing a civilian airport at Rygge would undermine the financial structure of Norwegian airports and would breach the political presumptions for constructing Gardermoen. If the administration was to be able to complete on price with Rygge, the state would have to give the necessary grants to cover the deficits at other airports. At the same time, Torp was required to pay their own air traffic control costs, which until then had been covered by the administration. In September 2001, the Norwegian Competition Authority supported the airport, stating that it would allow more competition on international flights from Norway, and could make it easier to establish domestic competition in the lieu of Scandinavian Airline's take-over of Braathens.
In June 2002, Norwegian Air Shuttle stated that they would start flights from Rygge, should the airport be built. At the same time, the military and the airport company were discussing where the optimal location for the terminal should be. Once decided, the Rygge Sivile Lufthavn hoped to send an application for a concession to the Ministry of Transport and Communications. In March 2003, Rygge Labour Party stated they were opposed to the civilian airport, because of the local noise concerns. In May, the airport company confirmed that Ryanair, which was using Torp, had shown interest in using Rygge. In June, the Rygge Sivile Lufthavn stated that had changed their strategy, and that they now were going to primarily target low-cost airlines. The airport hoped to initially establish routes to Copenhagen, Stockholm, London and Amsterdam, and that international destinations would be prioritized before domestic destinations. In February 2004, the Civil Aviation Authority stated that 51 issues needed to be resolved before civilian traffic would be permitted.
In a report published by the ministry in March 2004, it was estimated that the airport would have 700,000 to 800,000 passengers per year, making it the eighth largest in the country, and could have 1.3 million passengers by 2030. In a reply, the Federation of Norwegian Aviation Industries stated that they were opposed to establishing a new airport, and stated that there were sufficient airports in Eastern Norway. They stated that an airport outside Avinor (the new name for the Norwegian Civil Airport Administration) would result lower profits at Gardermoen, and thus higher fees for the rest of the airports. In addition, the airlines would have higher costs having to operate to additional airports in Eastern Norway. The project was also met with local protests. In particular, they were concerned about the emission to the lake Vansjø, alternatively to a Ramsar site in Kurefjorden, and the local noise pollution, with the airport being located close to Moss. Natur og Ungdom were also opposed to the airport, stating that it would increase the amount of air traffic and thus result in an increase in greenhouse gases.
Københavns Lufthavne sold its ownership in the company during 2004, because they were not satisfied with the progress. On 18 November 2004, the air force received the necessary concessions from the ministry to establish a civilian section. The concession contained a limit of 750,000 passengers per year, and had a duration of 10 years. It also requires the airport to be open from 07 to 23 every day and permit general aviation. Negotiations between the air force and Rygge Sivile Lufthavn started in June 2005 to establish an agreement regarding operations and financing. In September, the air force and the company came to an agreement regarding the company's compensation to the military. The agreement was approved by the Ministry of Defence in January 2006. On 22 February, all permissions had been granted, and the company was able to take an investment decision. The agreements involved, in addition to a new terminal, upgrades to the runway, taxiway and navigational systems, which would be paid for by Rygge Sivile Lufthavn.
On 2 March, the Thon Group purchased 40% of the company. The remaining owners are the Orkla Group (40%), which at the time owned Borregaard, Østfold County Municipality (11%) and Østfold Energi (9%). On 12 June, activists from Natur og Ungdom chained themselves to the control tower in protest against the establishment of civilian aviation. The contract to build the terminal was awarded Skanska. In July, State Secretary Steinulf Tungesvik stated that if necessary, the ministry would use its right to set the prices at Rygge so it would not capture revenue from Gardermoen. At the same time, representatives from Torp, the Federation of Norwegian Aviation Industries and the Conservative Party stated that the agreement between the military and the operating company was illegal subsidies. In September, the Thon Group announced they would not build a planned tall hotel at the airport, as military regulations would not permit it.
In January 2007, the charter operators Star Tour, Apollo and MyTravel Airways announced that they would start operating charter flights from 1 October. The initial construction was for seven gates, with possibilities to expand to fourteen. The first phase cost NOK 700 million and included a terminal with a capacity for two million annual passengers, parking for 1650 cars and various travel facilities, such as duty-free stores, bank and restaurants. By April the airport still only had a single weekly charter route planned and the airport considered postponing. Professor Frode Steen at the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration stated that the airlines were postponing to get a better negotiation position. On 7 September, the final agreements between Rygge Sivile Lufthavn and the military were signed.
The airport was opened on 5 October 2007. The first flight from the airport took place on 17 October to the Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain. The operator later increased with three more charter destinations early 2008. At the time of the first flight, the operator had sold 95% of the seats on their flights until the end of the year. 85% of the sales were to people living in Østfold. From that day, UniBuss started a coach service from Oslo in correspondence with all departures and arrivals at the airport.
The Civil Aviation Authority introduced a non-flight limitation on the airport from 23 to 07, of consideration to the airport's neighbors. This was despite the municipal councils in Råde and Rygge supporting night flights. The decision was appealed, with the airport wanting to operate from 06:30 to 23:30, stating that they could lose half of Norwegian's departures. The ministry granted such a permit on 25 January 2008. This prompted a lawsuit from 150 households within the noise zone, who stated that people with similar noise pollution around Gardermoen had been granted NOK 225,000 in compensation each.
Norwegian Air Shuttle established a base at Rygge on 14 February 2008, with a second aircraft being stationed at the airport from 13 March. From February to April, Norwegian Air Shuttle started international flights to Alicante, Athens, Barcelona, Belgrade, Budapest, Istanbul, London, Málaga, Marrakech, Palanga, Szczecin, Valencia, Warsaw, with tbetween two and four weekly services to each destination. In addition, the airline started two daily services to Bergen. Norwegian's services to Belgrade, Istanbul, Marrakech, Szczecin and Valencia were all terminated at Gardermoen the same time as they opened at Rygge. The airport stated that they had also been approached by Ryanair, who wanted to move the bulk of their services from Torp, but the airport stated that there was only room for one airline, and that they had prioritized Norwegian.
The first Norwegian Air Shuttle plane took off at the 14 February 2008 heading for Budapest. The same day, the Norwegian State Railways started offering a shuttle bus service from Rygge Station on the Østfold Line to the airport. At the same time, Norwegian Business Aviation started offering executive jets from Rygge. From March, Widerøe started two daily services from Rygge to Copenhagen, the hub for their owner, Scandinavian Airlines. Apollo started flights to Chania from 11 May. Star Tour started weekly charter flights to Antalya, Chania and Palma de Mallorca during the first half of 2008.
From 1 September, Widerøe terminated its Copenhagen route, while Norwegian terminated its London service. In October, Norwegian Air Shuttle introduced new international services to Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Berlin, Kraków and Praha. New domestic routes were introduced to Trondheim, Stavanger, Tromsø and Bodø.
The airport stated that at the growth rate they were experiencing, they would reach their passenger ceiling in 2009, and would not have room for any other airlines than Norwegian. In November, the airport stated that they in 2008 would lose NOK 100 million, and that they needed between NOK 200 and 300 million in new share capital. However, neither Orkla nor Thon were willing to invest more in the airport unless they passenger ceiling was lifted. In a vote in the Parliament of Norway on 11 December, the ceiling was not lifted, with the proposal only receiving the votes of the opposition. However, the ministry stated that they were going to consider the limitations in the concession. In January, the owners invested 50 million in the company. The airport had 450,000 passengers in 2008.
In January, Rygge was, with 24,400 passengers, larger than Torp in domestic traffic. In February, the Civil Aviation Authority recommended that the airport's ceiling be lifted, and this was made effective by the ministry on 1 July. Instead, the airport was limited to 15,000 air movements per year. The ministry stated that the rationale was that the calculations for the original concession were based on smaller aircraft, and that the passenger ceiling was based on an estimated 20,000 take-offs and landings. From January through April, the domestic services from Rygge had captured 6% of the market share from Eastern Norway.
In October and November, Ryanair established itself at the airport, and started flights to Alicante, Barcelona, Brussels, Bremen, Madrid, Milano and London. Norwegian stated that they were not worried about competition from Ryanair, and announced that they would continue with flights to the Mediterranean, Eastern Europe and domestically. However, they would not start the announced services to Amsterdam and London, and instead concentrate their growth at Gardermoen. The company stated that they made 3% of their revenue of Rygge. On 9 September, the ministry increased the air movement ceiling to 21,000 movements per year. On 24 November, Ryanair announced that they would establish a base at Rygge in March 2010. The airline would start services to Århus, Berlin, Dublin, Weeze, Eindhoven, Gdansk, Kraków, La Rochelle, Málaga, Munich, Palma de Mallorca, Paris, Riga, Wroclaw, Valencia and Venice. In December, the company announced further routes to Faro and Zadar.
In 2009, the airport company lost NOK 102 million. From 5 May, Ryanair started flights to Kaunas. In mid-2010, Norwegian terminated its services to Berlin, Budapest, Palanga, Praha and Valencia, and reduced the frequency to Alicante and Málaga. However, it started new routes to Dalaman and Thessaloniki. In July, Norwegian stated that they were considering terminating all services from Rygge. In particular, the company stated that they were not satisfied with having higher fees than Ryanair, and that they were in negotiations with Torp to move their operations there. In September, Norwegian announced that it was terminating the services to Bodø and Tromsø.
In November 2010, the instrument landing system (ILS) was upgraded from Category I to Category II. This included the installation of 800 light emitting diodes (LED) on the runway and taxiway, making Rygge the first airport in Europe with such an installation. It decreased the requirement for visibility from . The upgrades cost NOK 65 million, and made Rygge the second airport with ILS Cat II in Norway, after Stavanger Airport, Sola (Gardermoen has Cat III). The same month, Ryanair started new routes to London, Liverpool, Rome, Tampere. At the same time, Norwegian terminated its service to Stavanger.
Facilities.
The airport is a joint military and civilian airport located in the municipality of Rygge, west of the lake Vansjø. The airport is primarily an international, low-cost airport, but also serves as a domestic regional airport for Østfold and Follo. The airport is owned by the Norwegian Defence Estates Agency, while the civilian terminal is owned by Rygge Sivile Lufthavn AS ("Rygge Civilian Airport"), a private company owned by the Thon Group (40%), the Orkla Group (40%), Østfold Energi (15%) and Østfold County Municipality (5%).
The terminal building is , and is dimensioned for 2 million passengers annually. The terminal is open around the clock. There are eight gates and seven aircraft stands, of which two can switch between domestic and international departures.
The runway is long and wide. It is equipped with instrument landing system Category II using solely light emitting diodes (LED) as lights. This allows landing with visibility. The airport has a taxiway and a de-icing platform.
Military.
Rygge Air Station is home to the 720 Squadron of the Royal Norwegian Air Force (NoRAF), which operates Bell 412 helicopters, the 717 Squadron which operates Dassault Falcon 20 jets, and a detachment of the 330 Squadron which operates Westland Sea King search and rescue helicopters. The air station also hosts several support functions, including education, logistics of the air force, and branch of the Norwegian Home Guard. The military run all common functions of the airport, such as the runway, fire and rescue service, and the air traffic control.
Airlines and destinations.
Moss Airport, Rygge is a base for Ryanair. In addition, there are charter services to the Mediterranean by Norwegian Air Shuttle. The airport had 619,000 passengers in 2009. Estimates indicate that the airport will have about 1.5 million passengers in 2010.
Ground transport.
The airport is located from Rygge Station on the Østfold Line. The railway station is from Oslo Central Station (Oslo S) and is served by the Norwegian State Railways, who operate an hourly regional train service between Oslo and Halden using NSB Class 73 electric multiple units, with an extra departure in the rush hour. Three of the daily services continue onwards south to Gothenburg, Sweden. Travel time to Oslo S is 50 minutes, to Halden is 55 minutes, and to Gothenburg C is 3 hours and 3 minutes. NSB operates a free shuttle bus to Moss Airport, Rygge, which takes 8 minutes. There is a waiting room in the station building
Moss Airport, Rygge is located from Oslo; this compares to for Gardermoen and for Torp. The terminal building is located next to European Route E6. The airport is located 45 minutes from Oslo, and 12 minutes from Moss, and 25 minutes from Fredrikstad. Access to Buskerud runs via the Oslofjord Tunnel, while Vestfold is available via the Moss–Horten Ferry. There is parking for 2,500 cars at the airport.
UniBuss operates Rygge-Ekspressen from Oslo with a travel time of 60 minutes. The bus service runs in correspondence with all of Norwegian's and Ryanair's flights, leaving 2 hours and 40 minutes before departure. Norway Bussekspress operates the service Flybussekspressen, which runs from Fredrikstad & Sarpsborg via Moss Airport, Moss and Follo to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen. Travel time to Fredrikstad is 30 minutes, Sarpsborg 20, and travel time to Gardermoen is 1 hour and 40 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="9688175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688175" title="Constantine Dafermos">
Constantine Dafermos

Constantine Michael Dafermos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Δαφέρμος; born May 26, 1941, Athens) is a Greek applied mathematician. He received a Diploma in Civil
Engineering from the National Technical University of Athens (1964) and a Ph.D. in Mechanics from Johns Hopkins University under the direction of Jerald Ericksen (1967). He has been an Assistant Professor at Cornell University (1968-1971) and an Associate Professor (1971-1975) and Professor (1975-) in the Division of Applied Mathematics at Brown University. Since 1984, he has been the Alumni-Alumnae University Professor at Brown.
In recent years, his research has focused on nonlinear hyperbolic systems of conservation laws whose solutions spontaneously develop singularities propagating as shock waves. In particular, he is studying the interplay between thermodynamics and analysis in the theory of these systems and he is analyzing the fundamental role of entropy as a stabilizing agent.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9688187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688187" title="Palmer Ranch">
Palmer Ranch

Palmer Ranch is a massive real estate development in Sarasota County, Florida between the cities of Sarasota and Osprey. Located very roughly by Clark Road, Tamiami Trail and Interstate 75, it was part of the original 80,000 acres (320 km²) of Florida land purchased by Bertha Honoré Palmer, wife of Chicago department store tycoon Potter Palmer, best known for the famed Palmer House hotel in Chicago. It is one of many former Florida cattle ranches developed into planned communities; the other most notable ranch conversion in the Sarasota Bradenton area is Lakewood Ranch.
Bertha Palmer, known as Mrs. Potter Palmer, came to Sarasota in 1910, and made a property on Little Sarasota Bay called Spanish Point her winter home. A progressive woman, she improved agricultural methods and added lavish gardens and buildings; today that land is the Historic Spanish Point garden and historic site. While the house The Oaks is gone, outbuildings and landscape remain, including remnants of designs by Achilles Duchene, after whom the Duchene Garden is named. Other former Palmer family holdings now open to the public include the Myakka River State Park and an expansion of Oscar Scherer State Park.
After her death, Bertha Palmer gave the land to her sons Potter Jr. and Honore, who continued developing the property as a ranch. In addition, they make the Palmer name as associated with Sarasota as Chicago with the establishment of the Palmer Bank. Today, much of the ranch is developed into subdivisions, shopping centers and a mall, though parts of the ranch still have cattle operations.

</doc>
<doc id="9688189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688189" title="Super Prestige Pernod International">
Super Prestige Pernod International

The Super Prestige Pernod International was a season-long competition in road bicycle racing between 1958 and 1988.
Disagreements between the organisers of the similar Challenge Desgrange-Colombo led to its demise and a gap in season-long competitions. In 1958, the publicity division of Pernod offered a trophy for the best French rider of the year. The competition was known as the Prestige Pernod. It was a rival to Challenge Yellow, run by the chain company Sedis since 1931.
The following year, Pernod added the Super Prestige Pernod, for the best rider of the year, assessed on points attributed to the biggest races. At the same time it introduced Promotion Pernod, for the best French rider under 25. The Super Prestige Pernod became an unofficial world points championship.
A fourth class, Promotion Internationale, appeared in 1983 but that and the Promotion Pernod vanished the following year to create a single Super Prestige Pernod International. A women's competition was added in 1985. Both were abandoned at the end of 1987 when France banned drinks advertising in sport.
The Super Prestige Pernod International was won by some of the greatest names in professional cycle racing. They included Jacques Anquetil, who won four times, Eddy Merckx won a record seven times (1969–1975); Bernard Hinault equalled Anquetil's total with his fourth consecutive victory in 1982; while the final four years were dominated by Ireland: Sean Kelly won three times (1984–1986) and Stephen Roche won in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9688200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688200" title="Tell Her">
Tell Her

"Tell Her" is a song written by Craig Wiseman and Kwesi B. It was recorded by American country music group Lonestar. It was released in September 2000 as the fifth and final single from their album "Lonely Grill". The song reached Number One on the "Billboard" country charts, becoming their sixth Number One hit. 
This song should not be confused with the female interpretation of "Tell Him". "Tell Him" (and Tell Her) is a song written and composed by Bert Berns, which was first recorded as "Tell Her" in 1962.
Content.
"Tell Her" is a country pop ballad. In it, the male narrator addresses a male friend of his who is "lookin' for a friend" to help him. In the first verse, the narrator discovers that his friend is having difficulty in his relationship ("So you say your love's about to end / You say you can't take no more, she's out the door"). The narrator then asks whether the friend was "furious" or if he told her that he loves her.
The song's radio edit features a different vocal track, as well as a string section not present in the radio edit. Lonestar's greatest hits package uses the album version.
Chart performance.
"Tell Her" reached its peak of number 1 on the "Billboard" country charts for the week of February 3, 2001. It held the position for two weeks. Like "What About Now" before it, the song also reached Top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 39. It was the fourth consecutive Number One from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="9688204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688204" title="Keraudrenia">
Keraudrenia

Keraudrenia is a genus of flowering plants native to Australia, New Guinea and Madagascar.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="9688214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688214" title="George Henri Anne-Marie Victor de Villebois-Mareuil">
George Henri Anne-Marie Victor de Villebois-Mareuil

George Henri Anne-Marie Victor de Villebois-Mareuil (22 March 1847, Montaigu, Brittany, France - 5<Oxfordshire Yeomanry Trust records> April 1900, Boshof, Orange Free State, South Africa) was a Colonel in the French infantry, and a French Nationalist who fought and died on the side of the Boers during the Second Anglo-Boer War.
He was the first of only two Boer foreign volunteers to be handed the grade of Major-General in the Boer Army. The other being his second in command Evgeni Maximov (1849–1904) after the death of Villebois-Mareuil.
He took part in Franco-Prussian War in 1871 and drove the Prussians back from Blois.
Early years.
George Henri Anne-Marie Victor de Villebois-Mareuil was born approximately 30 km South East of Nantes. He was a soldier and author. 
He started his military education at the École Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr where he graduated as a Second Lieutenant in 1867. He loved sport and excelled in gymnastics.
Shortly after his graduation he left for Cochinchina where he joined the Marine Infantry serving under his uncle Admiral de Cornulier who was Governor of the Colony. He was promoted to full Lieutenant in 1870.
Franco-Prussian War.
He returned to France shortly after the start the Franco-Prussian War in 1871. He joined 7th battalion des Chasseurs à Pied, of which he took command of the 6th company.
On 28 January Blois was occupied by the Prussians. He liberated the city and proved himself exemplary under fire, despite being badly injured during the battle. He refused to be evacuated until the end of the hostilities and spent weeks between life and death, and had to spend 9 months in hospital, after which he was decorated and promoted to the rank of Captain.
North Africa.
In 1877 he entered the École Militaire. He left France in 1881 for Tunisia after graduating in 11th place in the prestigious school.
He assisted in the Campaign of Tunisia of which France imposed itself as a protectorate over the Turkish regent.
In 1889 he was promoted to the rank of Major of the Division of Algiers. In 1892 he receives the rank of Colonel. At 45 years old he was the youngest Colonel in the French Army. 
He received the command of the 130th and then the 67th Regiment d'Infanterie Metropolitain. In 1893 he received the terrible news that his wife had died in her native city of Marseille after an extended and painful illness. In 1896 he described to a friend, "Each time I go to that sad grave in Marseille, I struggle to continue upon life’s path, such is my sultry discouragement"
Foreign Legion.
France invaded Madagascar in 1883. His request to join the expeditionary forces was refused. To strengthen his chances of being selected for the expeditionary force he joined the 1st Regiment of the Foreign Legion based in Sidi Bel Abbes in 1895. For six months he commanded the regiment of which two battalions were to join the expeditionary force. Furious for not being selected he left the French Army in 1896.
Between 1896 and 1899 he founded the "Union des Sociétés Régimentaires", published military essays and became a militant against the government for the national restoration of France as promoted by Charles Maurras. He was one of the founding members of the Action Française before it included Monarchist ideals in its doctrine.
Second Anglo-Boer War.
He saw in the Anglo-Boer War the chance to avenge the French humiliation at Fashoda in the Sudan in 1898.
He arrived in Lourenço Marques on the 22 November 1899. In December 1899 he was appointed to the rank of Major by General Joubert, and fought in the Battle of Colenso. Due to his leadership capabilities he was given the rank of Major-General and became commander of all Foreign Volunteers on 17 March 1900.
The average age of his troops was thirty with the youngest being Private Boiserolle who was only 17. He had a lot of respect for the fighting ability of the Germans under his command despite the lack of unity between the different German troops and commanders. He did not have the same convictions towards the Dutch under his command due to their apparent lack of courage and eagerness for battle. They were often referred to by Afrikaners themselves as lowly drunkards. He summed his thoughts about the latter as follows: "Noble and of good race for the most, they live on their farm like in the castles of old, free and isolated... These people are standing up in the face of the whole world defying the decline of our too advanced civilizations."
He was betrayed by his native assistant who fled to inform the English troops of their position. He died fighting 750 Yeoman under Baron Methuen on a hill on the farm of Kareepan near Boshof. At the time of his death he was left with 30 men out of a total of 300 who had started his campaign. Despite being massively outnumbered and enduring 3 hours of Maxim gun fire, he was quoted as saying that he would never surrender, and would wait for the cover of darkness to escape. During his last minutes he shot two or three with his pistol, stood up during the battle to encourage his men, and was shot in the back. He fell near a wild olive tree on the hill that still carries the bullet holes from the battle.
His body was taken to Boshof, and given a full military burial by the English, which was paid for by Methuen out of his own pocket. His body was exhumed and reburied in the Heroes Acre in Magersfontein in 1971.
In his memoirs he recognized the courage and passion of the Boers but reflected on his frustrations with their lack of tactical competence. He regretted the occasions when the Boers could have had superb victories, but decided to keep a defensive position.
He advised General Joubert in this respect, but they decided to not continue with the push to Cape Town.
A song was composed in his honour by Théodore Botrel which read:
De Villebois-Mareuil will be remembered for his impartial analysis of the Boer Strategies. One week after his death the Boer Foreign Legion was disbanded and placed under General De la Rey to continue with the Guerilla Phase of the War. A mass arranged by the Ligue de la Patrie Française was held in his honour at the Notre Dame de Paris at which 10,000 people assisted.
The general's horse was transported to Britain by Lord Chesham, where it lived until February 1911. Its heart and ceremonial trappings were buried on the village green in Latimer, Buckinghamshire, next to the memorial commemorating those from the locality who had served in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="9688229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688229" title="Fullo">
Fullo

A fullo was a Roman fuller or cloth-launderer (plural: "fullones"), known from many inscriptions from Italy and the western half of the Roman Empire and references in Latin literature, e.g. by Plautus, Martialis and Pliny the Elder. A fullo worked in a fullery or "fullonica". There is also evidence that fullones dealt with cloth straight from the loom, though this has been doubted by some modern scholars. In some large farms, fulleries were built where slaves were used to clean the cloth. In several Roman cities, the workshops of fullones, have been found. The most important examples are in Ostia and Pompeii, but "fullonicae" also have been found in Delos, Florence and Fréjus. While the small workshops at Delos go back to the 1st century BC those in Pompeii date from the 1st century AD and the establishments in Ostia and Florence were built during the reign of the Emperors Trajan and Hadrian.
The fulling process.
Fulling existed of three main phases: soaping, rinsing and finishing.
Soaping.
Clothes were treated in small tubs standing in niches surrounded by low walls. The fuller stood with his feet in the tub filled with water and a mixture of alkaline chemicals (sometimes including urine) and trampled the cloth, scrubbed it, and wrung it out. The aim of this treatment was to apply the chemical agents to the cloth so that they could do their work - which was the resolving of greases and fats. The installations in which this treatment was done are usually referred to as 'treading stalls', 'fulling stalls' or, erroneously, 'saltus fullonicus' and are typical for fulling workshops and are often used by archaeologist to identify fullonicae in the archaeological remains.
Rinsing.
After the clothes were soaped in the chemicals the dirt that they had resolved had to be washed out. This happened with fresh water in a complex of large basins that often were connected to the urban water supply. The typical rinsing complex consisted of three or four basins that were connected to each other: the fresh water entered on one side of the complex, the dirty water left it on the other side. Clothes followed the opposite direction of the water and went from the basin with the dirtiest water to the basin with the cleanest water.
Finishing.
The last phase of the fulling process consisted of a variety of treatments. The precise sequence is not exactly known and may have varied, depending on the nature of the workshop and the demands of customers.
The fullo and the state.
According to Pliny the Elder, the work of fullones was taken very seriously and C. Flaminius and L. Aemilius wrote the proper method for fullones to practice in the Metilian Law. The law stressed the use of Cimolian earth to brighten and freshen colors that have faded due to sulfur. On the other hand, the law stated that the mineral saxum was useful for white clothing but harmful to colors.
Fullones had a legal responsibility of the clothes they were washing. Fullones were subject to penalties if they returned the wrong clothes or damaged the clothes. Furthermore, clothes once washed were considered devalued. In fact, Emperor Elagabalus said that he would not touch linen that had been washed because such cloth had already been devalued. Still, the profession of a fullo was highly reputable. Fullones in Ostia created their own guild, called Corpus Fontanorum.
These Roman launderers worshipped the goddess Minerva, as did many other professions. Therefore, the fullones were particularly involved with Quinquatrus, Minerva’s main feast held on March 19. The feast often took place in a fullo's workshops.
Archaeological remains of fullonicae.
Thus far, eleven fullonicae are known at Pompeii, the most famous of which is the Fullonica of Stephanus along the Via dell'Abbondanza, where the remains of the fulling workshop can be seen in the back of the house. Most other workshops are rather small and are hard to recognize. Recent fieldwork by the Radboud University Nijmegen has resulted in the definitive identification of three previously unknown fulling workshops 
At Ostia, three extremely large fullonicae have been excavated along with two smaller ones. Best preserved is the large fullonica of the Via degli Augustali.
An important recent development is the excavation of an exceptionally large fulling workshop in Casal Bertone, in Rome. This workshop is three times as large as the large Ostian fullonicae and was discovered during a rescue excavation for the construction of the high-speed railway from Roma Tiburtina to Naples. It was situated outside the ancient city in an area that also functioned as a necropolis. This workshop is probably the largest workshop from antiquity.

</doc>
<doc id="9688245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688245" title="List of bus routes in Malta">
List of bus routes in Malta

This an incomplete list of the primary bus routes in Malta and Gozo. A map summarizing routes is available here.
Current routes.
On 3 July 2011, the Arriva group took over operation of scheduled bus services on Malta and Gozo, only to relinquish it in December 2013. A new government-owned company called Malta Public Transport took over fleet and operations, while a call for new operators to submit their bids was issued. The pattern of routes was substantially changed when the new network took effect.
Mainline routes.
The following routes link Valletta to major towns and villages around the island. All are operated by Malta Public Transport and are marketed as Mainline.
Direct routes.
The following routes link towns and villages other than Valletta directly, and are marketed as direct routes.
Gozo routes.
The following routes are operated by Malta Public Transport in Gozo.
Former Arriva Routes.
Since the beginning of the new public transport service in Malta and Gozo, several routes have been altered or withdrawn (These routes are no longer correct, and it is not suggested that information regarding buses is taken from the following list):
Pre-Arriva routes.
These routes operated prior to the introduction of the new network on 3 July 2011.
The following bus routes operated on Gozo prior to the new network's introduction.

</doc>
<doc id="9688257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688257" title="Daniel Fignolé">
Daniel Fignolé

Pierre-Eustache Daniel Fignolé (1913–1986) was a Haitian politician who became Haiti's provisional head of state for three weeks in 1957. He was one of the most influential leaders in the pre-Duvalier era, a liberal labor organizer in Port-au-Prince so popular among urban workers that he could call upon them at a moment's notice to hold mass protests, known as "woulo konpresè" Haitian Creole for "steamroller."
Early life.
Fignolé was born in the coastal town of Pestel to an impoverished family and moved to Port-au-Prince in 1927 at age 14 to seek education and work. Despite constant ill health because of chronic malnutrition, he excelled in school and was accepted to one of the city's most prestigious institutions. He made a living tutoring the children of Haiti's wealthy elite.
Political career.
Fignolé co-founded in 1942 a newspaper called "Chantiers" with a liberal "noiriste" political slant. In it he lambasted Haïtï's mulatto elite for their selfishness and argued for broad social programs to uplift the majority black-skinned poor. Then president Élie Lescot responded to harsh critiques by closing the paper, firing Fignolé from his government teaching position, and placing him under police surveillance.
He continued his political activity, quickly becoming known among Port-au-Prince's poor working class as 'le professeur' or as in English, "the professor" for his impassioned orations, writing, and leadership of labor strikes. By 1946, he was known for having the power to flood the streets instantly with the urban poor in demonstrations. These flash mobs were called "woulos", or steamrollers.
The following year he agreed to lead the Mouvement Ouvrier Paysan ("Peasant Worker Movement" or MOP), which would become most organized labor party in Haitian history and the largest mass organization in the pre-Duvalier era. It included factory workers, dockworkers, hydraulic workers, gas station workers, barbers, dessert chefs, and laborers from other sectors. He wanted to run for the Haitian presidency, but at age 33 he was barred by the Haitian constitution.
Fignolé was at various points spied on, beaten, and imprisoned by authorities for his labor activism. Fignolé and François Duvalier shared in common a "noirist" politics of black empowerment and collaborated at times in political dissent against ruling regimes. Under the government of Dumarsais Estimé, Fignolé briefly held the post of Minister of Education. He refused to tone down his attacks on the mulatto elite, saying, "If anyone thinks they can stop what I am doing for my people, I will be forced to use my woulo to destroy them!" But unlike Duvalier, Fignolé had little political support in the countryside beyond the capital city.
Short-lived presidency.
On 25 May 1957, amidst a chaotic election process and spiraling civil strife, Fignolé was designated as provisional president because of his unsurpassed popularity in Port-au-Prince. As Fignolé descended the steps of the National Palace on the day of his inauguration, crowds of ecstatic supporters waving MOP flags streamed into the streets and converged on the palace grounds. He pledged to raise the daily wage and expressed determination to remain in office, angering his opponents.
Although Fignolé promised a Franklin D. Roosevelt-style New Deal and was explicitly anti-communist, his politics had long made him suspicious in the eyes of the Cold War-era American administrations. United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) director Allen Dulles warned President Dwight D. Eisenhower that Fignolé had "a strong leftist orientation". The administration refused to recognize the Fignolé government, whose political program was seen as "comparable with the Soviets." Eisenhower told the French Embassy in Washington, D.C. that he was worried that Fignolé "might eventually become another Arbenz", referring to the social-democratic President of Guatemala overthrown three years earlier in a CIA-backed coup d'état.
With foreign governments and most elements of Haiti's traditional power structure arrayed against him, Fignolé could not hold onto power. After just 19 days, the Haitian armed forces, with U.S. foreknowledge, broke into the presidential chambers. They seized Fignolé, forced him at gunpoint to sign a resignation letter, and bundled him into a waiting car.
From exile in New York City, Fignolé blamed Duvalier, a rival candidate for president, for his overthrow. But his demands for reinstatement fell on deaf ears. For days, rioting Fignolé supporters in poor districts were gunned down by soldiers under Antonio Kébreau's military regime. The morgues filled with thousands of bodies, according to media reports.
With ties to the army, Duvalier won a sham election and became head of state. His family's brutal dictatorship would last 29 years.
Return from exile.
In 1986, after the fall of Jean-Claude Duvalier, who succeeded his father, an ailing 73-year-old Fignolé returned from a long exile to Port-au-Prince. Scores of supporters welcomed him at the airport. He died a few months later.

</doc>
<doc id="9688267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688267" title="Ichikawa Shinnosuke">
Ichikawa Shinnosuke

Shinnosuke, like other actors' names, is bestowed (or given up) at grand naming ceremonies called "shūmei" in which a number of actors formally change their names. A number of actors have followed a particular sequence in their stage names, following their time as Ichikawa Shinnosuke by being granted the names Ichikawa Ebizō or Ichikawa Danjūrō.
The design of the Ichikawa family "mon", three squares nested inside one another, is called "mimasu" (三升).

</doc>
<doc id="9688277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688277" title="Posejny">
Posejny

Posejny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688283" title="William Ripley Nichols">
William Ripley Nichols

William Ripley Nichols (April 30, 1847 - July 14, 1886) was a noted American chemist.
Early life.
Nichols was born in Boston, Massachusetts, graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1869, and served there as instructor and assistant professor until 1872, when he was elected professor of general chemistry, which chair he retained until his death in Hamburg, Germany.
Later life.
Professor Nichols was recognized as an authority on sanitation, and particularly on water purification, published numerous papers on municipal water supplies, and was active in the pioneering work of the Lawrence Experiment Station. He also performed research at the request of the Massachusetts Board of Health on train ventilation, particularly of smoking cars. He was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, of which he was Vice President in 1885, and of the German Chemical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="9688288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688288" title="Półkoty">
Półkoty

Półkoty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688306" title="Grand Highway of the Gran Sasso and Monti della Laga National Park">
Grand Highway of the Gran Sasso and Monti della Laga National Park

The Grand Highway of the Gran Sasso and Monti della Laga National Park is located in the Abruzzo Region of Italy. Located along the tract of land from Montorio al Vomano to Amiternum, the road stands as the most enchanting portion of the old thoroughfare connecting the provincial capitals of Teramo and L'Aquila. The road ascends the Vomano Valley up to the Capannelle Pass (altitude 1300 meters) where it then winds its way down to the east towards L'Aquila while passing through the archaeological site of Amiternum. 
On 1 December 1984 the tunnel under the Grand Sasso was open to the public and from then onward this ancient but important artery transversing the Apennine Mountains has mainly served the local population living nearby. To highlight its new role as a touristic mecca, the Gran Sasso National Park administrators rebaptized the road "Strada maestra del Parco" (Grand Highway of the Gran Sasso National Park). 
Over the years the canton buildings previously used by the road workers have been transformed one by one into forest ranger offices and tourist information centers. They serve as well equipped way stations for the many visitors who come to travel the area by car, on bicycle, or with a motorcycle.
Nearby towns along this beautiful highway include Montorio al Vomano, Pietracamela, Fano Adriano, Senarica, Aprati, Tintorale, Cesacastina, Piano Vomano, Arischia, and Amiternum.
Lake Campotosto can be reached in just a few minutes from the Grand Highway of the Gran Sasso National Park. Also nearby are the important Abruzzo ski resorts, Prati di Tivo and Prato Selva. 
Not far from the Gran Sasso and midway between L'Aquila and Teramo, lies a high plain. One end opens into the (Passo delle Capannelle) Capannelle Pass, a well known gathering point for tourists and people wanting to make excursions into the surrounding park areas.

</doc>
<doc id="9688324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688324" title="Andrew Culver">
Andrew Culver

Andrew Culver may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9688332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688332" title="Homer Hudson">
Homer Hudson

Homer Hudson is a brand of ice cream developed by Lawrence Vincent, an employee of Unilever, in the 1980s. His plan was to develop a rich ice cream comparable to the New York based market leader, Häagen-Dazs.
The brand was discontinued by Streets in 1998 and relaunched in 2004 with two new flavours: Cherry Virgin and Beyond Fudge Brownie, in addition to old favourites Chocolate Rock and Hoboken Crunch.
In Australia, the ice cream is sold in Domino's Pizza, Coles supermarkets, Woolworths supermarkets and Caltex service stations.
Various other products, such as Chocolate Love Tarts and Tiramisu were available in Woolworths/Safeway, but along with the ice cream, they are no longer stocked.
Around August 2009 the recipe of the Chocolate Rock was changed from a rich dark chocolate to a creamy milk chocolate.
References.
Ooi, T., 'An ice-cream dream comes true', The Australian, 28 December, 2004, p. 19.

</doc>
<doc id="9688338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688338" title="MAS (boat)">
MAS (boat)

Motoscafo armato silurante (Italian: "torpedo armed motorboat"), commonly abbreviated as MAS was a class of fast torpedo armed vessel used by the "Regia Marina" (the Royal Navy of Italy) during World War I and World War II. Originally, "MAS" referred to "motobarca armata SVAN" ("armed motorboat SVAN"), where "SVAN" stood for "Società Veneziana Automobili Navali" ("Naval Automobile Society of Venice).
MAS were essentially motorboats with displacements of 20–30 tonnes (depending on the class), a 10-man crew, and armament composed of two torpedoes, machine guns and occasionally a light gun.
The term "MAS" is an acronym for "Mezzi d'Assalto", ("assault vehicle") in the unit name "Flottiglia MAS" ("assault vehicle flotilla"), the most famous of which was the "Decima MAS" of World War II.
World War I.
MAS were widely employed by "Regia Marina" during World War I in 1915–1918. Models used were directly derived from compact civilian motorboats, provided with petrol engines which were compact and reliable (characteristics which were not common at the time) . They were used not only in the anti-submarine patrol role, but also for daring attacks against major units of the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
A significant success came in December 1917, when an MAS boat managed to sink the pre-dreadnought battleship in Trieste harbor. The greatest success of Italian MAS was the sinking of the Austro-Hungarian battleship SMS "Szent István" off Pula on 10 June 1918 by a boat commanded by Luigi Rizzo. MAS boats later engaged in the Second Battle of Durazzo in October 1918.
Spanish Civil War.
Four units were transferred to the Nationalist Navy during the Spanish Civil War in 1938: "Sicilia" (LT-18), ex "MAS 100"; "Nápoles" (LT-19), ex "MAS 223"; "Cándido Pérez" (LT-16), ex "MAS 435"; and "Javier Quiroga" (LT-17), ex "MAS 436".
World War II.
Italian MAS continued to be improved after the end of World War I, thanks to the availability of Isotta Fraschini engines. The MAS of World War II had a maximum speed of 45 knots, two 450 mm torpedoes and one machine gun for anti-aircraft fire. In 1940 there were 48 MAS500-class units available. Older units were used in secondary theatres, such as the Italian East Africa.
Notable war actions performed by MAS include the torpedoing of the Royal Navy C-class cruiser "Capetown" by "MAS 213" of the 21st MAS Squadron working within the Red Sea Flotilla off Massawa, Eritrea; and the failed attack on the harbour of Malta in January 1941, which caused the loss of two motorboats, one of them recovered by the British. Five MAS were scuttled in Massawa in the first week of April 1941 as a part of the Italian plan for the wrecking of Massawa harbor in the face of British advance. "MAS 204", "206", "210", "213", and "216" were sunk in the harbor; four of the boats were in need of mechanical repairs and could not be evacuated. On 24 July 1941, "MAS 532" torpedoed and crippled the transport "Sydney Star", which managed to limp to Malta assisted by the destroyer HMAS "Nestor". "MAS 554", "554" and "557" also sank three allied freighters on 13 August 1942, in the course of Operation "Pedestal", for a total tonnage of 28,500 tons. On 29 August 1942, a smaller type of MAS boat, the MTSM, torpedoed and disabled for the rest of the war the British destroyer "Eridge" off El Daba, Egypt.
A flotilla of MAS served at German request as Black Sea reinforcement in their intended attack on Sevastopol in June 1942. The MAS squadron came under intense air attack from Soviet fighter-bombers and torpedo boats but performed well in the role. They sank the 5,000-ton steamer "Abkhazia" and disabled the 10,000-ton transport "Fabritius", which was subsequently destroyed by "Stuka" dive-bombers. MAS boats destroyed troop barges and damaged Soviet warships. One MAS boat commander was killed in battle. One MAS was destroyed and three damaged by fighter-bombers in September 1942 during a heavy attack on Yalta. Italian sources claim that on the early hours of 3 August 1942, three MAS boats torpedoed and disabled the Soviet cruiser "Molotov" south-west of Kerch. Another flotilla of four MAS, the XII Squadriglia MAS, was deployed to the Lake Ladoga in April 1942 to support the siege of Leningrad. They claim the sinking of a Soviet gunboat of the Bira class, a 1,300-ton cargo ship and several barges.
The obsolescence of small MAS became apparent during the conflict, and they were increasingly replaced by larger Yugoslavian E-boats built in Germany and local copies of them (classified "MS" – "Moto Siluranti" by the "Regia Marina").
A type of anti-submarine craft, based on the MAS design, was developed by the Italian Navy in World War II. This was the "vedetta anti sommergibile", or "VAS", equipped with a good amount of anti-submarine warfare equipment given her small size.
Cultural legacy.
The Italian poet Gabriele d'Annunzio, who employed MAS in some of his World War I adventures, used the MAS acronym for his Latin motto: "Memento audere semper" ("remember always to dare").

</doc>
<doc id="9688357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688357" title="Disk aggregation">
Disk aggregation

Disk aggregation is the process of combining more than one logical or physical disk drive into a larger logical disk drive.
This is done for various reasons :

</doc>
<doc id="9688365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688365" title="Hizen-Shiroishi Station">
Hizen-Shiroishi Station

Layout.
It is an above ground station consisting of two tracks flanked by two side platforms.
Usage.
In 2005, the average number of passengers per day was 593.
Other.
From April 1, 1988, to April 30, 1989, this station, along with the Sasebo Line's Ōmachi Station, was the starting point from which one could purchase the longest one-way ticket in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="9688373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688373" title="Klejwy">
Klejwy

Klejwy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north-west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688381" title="Kielczany">
Kielczany

Kielczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688402" title="Dusznica">
Dusznica

Dusznica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688405" title="Andrew Culver (railroad)">
Andrew Culver (railroad)

Andrew R. Culver (1832–1906) was the president of the Prospect Park and Coney Island Railroad. The line came to be known as the "Culver Route" or "Culver Line", and the name is still in use: the elevated line that replaced it, and the newer subway line that connects to it are today called the Culver Line.

</doc>
<doc id="9688416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688416" title="Kate Long">
Kate Long

Kate Long, author of the number one bestselling novel "The Bad Mother's Handbook" lives in Whitchurch in Shropshire, UK.
She was raised in Blackrod, Bolton and was educated at Bolton School. At 18 she left home to study English at Bristol University, where she gained a First, and then trained as a teacher in Exmouth for a year. Her first job was in Guildford, where she met her husband Simon.
For over a decade Kate taught at Abbey Gate College, a secondary school just outside Chester. When her first novel, "The Bad Mother's Handbook" was accepted, in 2003, she left teaching and became a full-time writer. 
"The Bad Mother's Handbook" was published by Picador in 2004 and became a number one bestseller, serialised on BBC Radio Four's "Book at Bedtime" and nominated for a British Book Award. The film rights were bought by Ruby Films and ITV showed the TV version in February 2007 which starred Catherine Tate.
Her next two novels are "Swallowing Grandma" and "Queen Mum", both published by Picador. Her fourth novel "The Daughter Game" was released on Saturday, March 15, 2008. "The Daughter Game" is about a teacher Anne who thinks she can save a girl whose personal life is very troubled - but the 16 year old pupil quickly manipulates the teacher and begins to invade her life.
In an interview about her latest novel Long says "I know teenagers can be quite manipulative - they have powers open to them adults and young children don't have" She goes on to say "through teaching you do get tuned into the way teenagers think. They live their lives in a state of high drama, everything is dramatic!" Kate also said she is still enjoying writing, but does miss teaching.
As well as novels, Kate Long has had short stories published in "Woman's Own", "Woman & Home", the "Sunday Express" magazine and the Sunday Night Book Club anthology. 
She describes herself as being inspired by family stories, and by power shifts in relationships, as well as how people form personal identities. Other favourite themes are class, disability, and the power of the maternal bond in all its forms, healthy or otherwise.
In 1990 Kate and her husband, who works for Newcastle-Under-Lyne Borough Council, moved to Whitchurch where they live with their two sons Ben (born 1998) and Toby (born 2001) who both attend Malpas Alport Primary School.

</doc>
<doc id="9688425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688425" title="Lasanka">
Lasanka

Lasanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688432" title="Catherine Louisa Pirkis">
Catherine Louisa Pirkis

Catherine Louisa Pirkis (1841 – 4 October 1910) was a British author.
She wrote numerous short stories and 14 novels between 1877 and 1894, and is perhaps best known today for her detective stories featuring "Loveday Brooke", appearing in the Ludgate Magazine in 1894. She moved from writing to animal charity work and, together with her husband, was one of the founders of the National Canine Defence League in 1891.
She is buried in Kensal Green Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="9688434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688434" title="Jonathan Weaver (ice hockey)">
Jonathan Weaver (ice hockey)

Jonathan Weaver (born 20 January 1977 in Sunderland, England) is a British professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for the Nottingham Panthers of the British Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL). Weaver also captains the Great Britain men's national ice hockey team.
Playing career.
Weaver has spent most of his playing career in Britain, the majority of which with the current Newcastle Vipers franchise. He started playing at an early age with the Sunderland Commanches, Arrows, Tomahawks then Chiefs, then moved to the Durham Wasps in 1992 before they were moved to Newcastle in 1996 as the Cobras.
He moved to Manchester Storm in 1998 and had a brief spell in North America the following season, playing for Detroit Vipers and Mississippi Sea Wolves in the ECHL. He also spent some time at a training camp in the American Hockey League. 
He returned to Britain in 2000 and moved to Scotland, playing three seasons with the Ayr Scottish Eagles before joining the Fife Flyers in 2002. Weaver returned to Newcastle in 2003, helping the team move up from the British National League to the Elite Ice Hockey League in 2005. In 2007 he was signed by EIHL champions Coventry Blaze and helped the team retain their crown. In 2010 he captained the Blaze to another EIHL title. 
Weaver has signed for the Nottingham Panthers for the 2012-13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="9688446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688446" title="Ernie Mills">
Ernie Mills

Ernest Lee Mills, III (born October 28, 1968) is a former American college and professional football player who was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons during the 1990s. Mills played college football for the University of Florida, and thereafter, he played professionally for the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Carolina Panthers and the Dallas Cowboys of the NFL.
Early years.
Mills was born in Dunnellon, Florida in 1968. He attended Dunnellon High School, and played high school football for the Dunnellon Fighting Tigers.
College career.
Mills received an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where he was a four-year letterman for coach Galen Hall and coach Steve Spurrier's Florida Gators football teams from 1987 to 1990. Memorably, in 1990, he caught a 70-yard pass thrown by quarterback Shane Matthews from the Gators' own 2-yard-line, setting up a crucial field goal in the Gators' 17–13 victory over the Alabama Crimson Tide. As a senior, Mills was a first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) selection, and a team captain of the Gators squad that finished with a 9–2 overall win-loss record and a best-in-the-SEC record of 6–1. He tied tight end Kirk Kirkpatrick with 770 yards receiving, and led the team with ten touchdowns in 1990.
Mills graduated from the University of Florida with a bachelor's degree in exercise and sport sciences in 1990.
Professional career.
The Pittsburgh Steelers selected Mills in the third round (seventy-third pick overall) of the 1991 NFL Draft, and Mills played for the Steelers for six seasons from to . He had his best NFL season in , when he caught thirty-nine passes for 679 yards and eight touchdowns, helping the Steelers gain a berth in Super Bowl XXX. Mills subsequently played for the Carolina Panthers in , and the Dallas Cowboys in and . He finished his nine-year NFL career with 196 receptions for 2,934 yards and twenty touchdowns.
Life after the NFL.
Mills is currently the wide receivers coach for the Jacksonville Dolphins football team that represents Jacksonville University in Jacksonville, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="9688447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688447" title="Zaruby">
Zaruby

Zaruby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688452" title="The Waiting Place">
The Waiting Place

The Waiting Place is a comic book series created by Sean Kelley McKeever in 1997. Recommended by the author for young adults aged 14+, the series is a teen drama which centres around the lives of a group of teenagers (and one twenty-something) living in the remote American town of Northern Plains. The theme of the series is that characters who live in such towns exist in a 'holding pattern', spending their time waiting for something to happen. McKeever has described the themes of some of his comics, including "The Waiting Place", as being "Alienation; coming of age; a burning desire to get on with life." "The Waiting Place" established McKeever as a writer of high-school stories, and paved the way for his later work for Marvel Comics on titles like "Sentinel" and "Mary Jane". 
Northern Plains, where "The Waiting Place" is set, is based on Eagle River, Wisconsin, where Sean attended High School.
Publication history.
"The Waiting Place" started life as a self-published comic. McKeever realised that his best chance of breaking into the comics industry was to have a complete comic to show publishers, rather than his writing on its own. He found Brendon and Brian Fraim, and together they produced three issues of "The Waiting Place". At a convention they submitted a copy of the self-published comic to Slave Labor Graphics, who liked it and took it on, republishing those early issues themselves too. 
Marvel editor, Tom Brevoort, was a fan of "The Waiting Place" and gave McKeever his first Marvel assignments on the strength of it.
In 2005, Venture Management optioned "The Waiting Place", believing it to have the potential to become a TV series.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected into a number of trade paperbacks:

</doc>
<doc id="9688459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688459" title="Principles of Motion EP">
Principles of Motion EP

The "Principles of Motion EP" was a release by Future Sound of London under the alias "Intelligent Communication"; it featured four tracks indicative of the musical period for dance music and was generally well received in DJ circles.

</doc>
<doc id="9688460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688460" title="Jael (artist)">
Jael (artist)

Jael is an American artist/illustrator specializing in science fiction and fantasy art.
Early life.
Jael completed a Bachelor of Fine Arts at the University of Utah, completing her Secondary Certification in 1973. Afterwards she taught at several Utah high schools, teaching fine-arts at Clarke College in Nevada between 1974 and 1980 while publishing and completing private commissions in her spare time.
Work.
Her works have been featured in calendars, books, magazines and other publications. She also makes perceptual or interpretive paintings and portraits. 
She has been nominated several times for the Chesley Awards. Jael continues to produce art and provide on-line art instruction. Having been an artist for close to 50 years, she has created more than 38,000 paintings and images, many housed in collections.
Personal life.
Jael currently lives on the East Coast of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="9688463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688463" title="Neorossia leptodons">
Neorossia leptodons

Neorossia leptodons is a species of bobtail squid native to the southwestern Pacific Ocean, from New South Wales () to South Australia (). It lives at depths from 130 to 1,110 m.
"N. leptodons" exhibits sexual dimorphism. Females grow to 77.5 mm in mantle length (ML), while males are not known to exceed 42 mm ML.
The type specimen was collected in the Great Australian Bight, South Australia ( to ). It is deposited at the Museum of Victoria in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="9688470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688470" title="Sztabinki">
Sztabinki

Sztabinki , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately north-east of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688483" title="Kurt Rudolf Fischer">
Kurt Rudolf Fischer

Kurt Rudolf Fischer (February 26, 1922 – March 22, 2014) was a Jewish-Austrian philosopher who emigrated to Brno, Czechoslovakia in 1938 and to Shanghai in 1940. He was born in Vienna.
He became Chinese boxing champion and started studying Philosophy at the University of California, Berkeley after World War II where he made friends with Paul Feyerabend. From 1967 to 1980 he was Professor at the University of Pennsylvania in Millersville, Pennsylvania), since 1979 he has been honorary professor at the University of Vienna.
Fischer was awarded the Gold Medal for Services to the City of Vienna in 2000 and in 2001 he also received the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class He died in the United States on March 22, 2014 at the age of 92. 

</doc>
<doc id="9688485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688485" title="Ron Heller">
Ron Heller

Ron Heller can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9688492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688492" title="Marynowo">
Marynowo

Marynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. It lies approximately south-west of Sejny and north of the regional capital Białystok.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688503" title="La Tzoumaz">
La Tzoumaz

La Tzoumaz (also referred to as Les Mayens des Riddes) is a ski resort in the Swiss Alps, in the canton of Valais. It is part of the "Four Valleys" ski area, which consists of various ski resorts, including Verbier, Nendaz, Veysonnaz, La Tzoumaz, and Thyon. As such it has direct access to over 400 km of runs. Named after the word "tzoumer", which means taking a break, La Tzoumaz nestles against the same mountain as Verbier, Mont Savolyres, and is at the same altitude (1500m). However, unlike Verbier, it is situated on North-facing slopes and hence enjoys a longer ski-season, lasting from early December all the way through to late-April.
Quieter than Verbier, it is a resort popular with families, having a small ski lift for children, a natural ice rink, a heated swimming pool and the longest sledge run in Western Switzerland (at 10 kilometres). The resort has a population of just over 300 and is popular with British, German and Dutch visitors as well as Swiss Nationals.
Geography.
La Tzoumaz is located in a green valley above the Rhône River, in the canton of Valais and has one main access road, which starts in the town of Riddes, 13 kilometres away (and at exit 24 of the Martigny motorway). La Tzoumaz is also at a base station of the Savolyres Cable Car (an 8 minute ride up and 11 minute ride down to Verbier).
Coordinates: 
Resort in Winter.
The resort has 1 brand new 8 seat cable car, 5 chair lifts, 5 drag lifts and 1 children's ski lift. There are 12 ski runs with a total length 28 km (30% easy, 60% intermediate, 10% difficult), a snowboard piste, a natural ice rink and a 10 km toboggan-run (long 10 km). The resort is also directly linked to the Four Valleys ski area, with 98 more ski lifts and a total of 400 km of ski runs. The zone of the Four Valleys is renowned for its off-piste opportunities. In particular Tortin, Mont Fort, Valon D'Arby and Creblet are popular excursions.
Resort in Summer.
The village offers 1 outdoor tennis court, fishing, paragliding and climbing. It is situated on the Bisse du Saxon (part of a 19th Century irrigation system that offers 100 km of gently inclined paths suitable for walking and mountain biking). Within a short drive of the resort are many family, cultural and historical attractions including Lake Geneva, the Grande Dixence dam, The Medieval town of Sion, Aqua park, Thermal Baths and underground salt mines.
Accommodation.
As well as having 6 small guesthouses and hotels there are many privately owned apartments and chalets.

</doc>
<doc id="9688513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688513" title="This Is England (song)">
This Is England (song)

"This Is England" is a song by English punk rock band The Clash, released in September 1985 as the only international single from their sixth and final critically maligned studio album "Cut the Crap". It was the final release while the group were still together, in their final incarnation of Joe Strummer, Paul Simonon, Nick Sheppard, Pete Howard and Vince White.
Lyrics and meaning.
Written in late 1983, the song is about the state of England at the time.
The song comprises a list of the problems in England during the early years of the Thatcher administration, addressing inner-city violence, urban alienation, life on council estates, high unemployment rate, England's dying motorcycle industry, racism, nationalism, and police corruption—as well as two very common subject matters for mid-1980s left-wing songwriters: the Falklands War; and the consumerist, subservient mind-set of many English people at the time.
The song begins with the squeaky voice of a market hawker shouting, "four for a pound your face flannels; three for a pound your tea towels!" It is unclear whether it is the voice of a child or of an adult that has been sped-up to raise its pitch.
Reception and release.
Unlike the album, which continues to receive criticism and in some cases ridicule, "This Is England" is often praised. Strummer described it as his "last great Clash song". The song was number 30 in a poll conducted by "Uncut" magazine in their December 2003 issue of the top 30 Clash songs (chosen by an all-star panel). However, the single's contemporary reviews were much more negative and in keeping with the general reaction to "Cut the Crap", such as Gavin Martin's review in "NME", who claimed that "Strummer's rant bears all the signs of aged rocker well into advance senility".
In the same year of its original release, the single was re-released in a 12" vinyl format with a different cover and an additional track in the side two, titled "Sex Mad Roar".
Initially, attempts were made by the Clash and others to ignore the final incarnation of the band. As such, "This Is England" is not included on "The Singles", the band's discography ends with "Should I Stay or Should I Go" / "Straight to Hell" in "Clash on Broadway" and Don Letts' 2000 documentary about the band, "Westway to the World", totally ignores the whole period, giving the impression that the Clash broke up when Mick Jones left the group. This changed, however, with the release of "The Essential Clash" in 2003, which included "This Is England" as its final track, making it the first compilation to acknowledge a song from the period.
In 2006, the single was fully re-released on CD as disc 19 in "Singles Box", accompanied by a faithful re-creation of the single's original artwork and the extra track "Sex Mad Roar" from the original 12" pressing. The single also appears on the 2007 collection "The Singles".

</doc>
<doc id="9688515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688515" title="List of Tampa Bay Buccaneers seasons">
List of Tampa Bay Buccaneers seasons

This is a list of seasons completed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers American Football Franchise. The list documents the season-by-season records of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' franchise from 1976 to present, including postseason records, and league awards for individual players or head coaches.
The Buccaneers first joined the NFL in 1976 as members of the AFC West. The following year, they moved to the NFC Central. The Tampa Bay expansion franchise was originally awarded to Tom McCloskey, a construction company owner from Philadelphia. It soon became apparent that McCloskey had financial problems, so the NFL found a replacement in Hugh Culverhouse. They were purchased by Malcolm Glazer in 1995 for $192 million, following Culverhouse's death. The front office staff of the team includes Bryan Glazer, Edward Glazer, and Joel Glazer.
The Buccaneers won one Super Bowl Championship in 2002. This was the teams' only Super Bowl appearance, having reached the NFC conference championship on two other occasions. The Buccaneers have been divisional champions six times, three of them in the NFC Central and the other three in NFC South. They were the first team to win the NFC South after the NFL restructure in 2002. In their 32-year history, the Buccaneers have played over 500 regular and post-season games and have appeared in the post-season ten times.
Seasons.
"The Finish, Wins, Losses, and Ties columns list regular season results and exclude any postseason play. Regular and postseason records are combined only at the bottom of the list."
!rowspan="2"|NFLSeason
!rowspan="2"|Teamseason
!rowspan="2"|League
!rowspan="2"|Conference
!rowspan="2"|Division
!colspan="4"|Regular Season
!rowspan="2"|Post Season Results
!rowspan="2"|Awards
!Finish
!Wins
!Losses
!Ties
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"| 
!align="center"| 
!align="center"| 
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"| 
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"| 
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"| 
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|2007
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center"|
!align="center" rowSpan="3" colSpan="4"|Total<br>6 Division Titles<br>1 NFC Title <br>Super Bowl XXXVII win
!align="center"|239
!align="center"|371
!align="center"|1

</doc>
<doc id="9688520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688520" title="Recurring characters of Neighbours">
Recurring characters of Neighbours

"Neighbours" is a long-running Australian television soap opera that was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 18 March 1985. The following is an alphabetical list of recurring characters and cast members that have appeared in the soap. Recurring characters who later became regular characters are not included, neither are characters that were regular and returned as recurring.

</doc>
<doc id="9688525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688525" title="Iman University">
Iman University

Iman University (also al-Iman University, el-Eman University, or al-Eman University; ; Jāmiʿat al-Īmān) is a Sunni religious school founded in 1993 in San‘a’, Yemen. "Al-Iman" means "the Faith".
As of January 2010, it reportedly had 6,000 students.
Its founder and principal director is Abdul-Majid al-Zindani, who is classified by the US Treasury as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist, and who is also under sanction by the United Nations. In 2004, he was designated a terrorist associated with al-Qaeda by both the U.S. and the United Nations. He was co-founder of Islah (a Yemeni opposition party) and was theological adviser to Osama bin Laden.
The Treasury statement mentions that some students at Iman University have been arrested for political and religious murders. Some believe that the school's curriculum deals mostly, if not exclusively, with radical Islamic studies, and that it is an incubator of radicalism. Students are suspected of having assassinated three American missionaries, and "the number two leader for the Yemeni Socialist Party", Jarallah Omar. John Walker Lindh, now serving a 20-year prison sentence in connection with his participation in Afghanistan's Taliban army, is a former student of the university.

</doc>
<doc id="9688534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688534" title="Iain Anderson (footballer)">
Iain Anderson (footballer)

Iain William Anderson (born 23 July 1977 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder in England, France and his native Scotland. He notably played for Preston North End and Dundee as well as appearing for Toulouse, Tranmere Rovers, Grimsby Town, St Mirren, Ross County, Ayr United, Elgin City and Clydebank in a career that lasted from 1996 until 2009.
Career.
Anderson became the youngest ever scorer in the Scottish Premier Division, when he scored with a penalty at the age of 16 for Dundee against Hibernian. His trickery, pace and powerful right foot earned him a move to the French side Toulouse, where he continued his career. In 2000 Anderson was taken on loan by then division 2 side, Preston North End. Anderson scored two goals for the club in his loan period and set many more up for another loan player, Brett Angell. Together, they are widely credited with cementing Preston North End's promotion to division 1 (now known as the Championship.) His successful loan spell earned him a then club record £500,000 permanent move to Preston North End in July 2000, and he scored a number of high quality goals for the club, most notably against Wolverhampton Wanderers and Manchester City. Anderson was famed for cutting inside whilst playing on the left-wing and unleashing powerful efforts at goal. He was also useful from set pieces and surprisingly good in the air for a winger.
His time at Preston was marred firstly by injuries and then by a change in manager, which saw Craig Brown replace David Moyes at the helm. Brown did not approve of Anderson's predominantly attacking play, and criticized him for his lack of defensive awareness. It is commonly thought that Anderson became unmotivated under Craig Brown and lost his focus. He was involved from the start in Preston North End's infamous victory in the Championship play-offs against Birmingham City (which Preston won following a penalty shootout, a game during which Birmingham City Manager, Trevor Francis, tried to take his players off the pitch in protest at the end the penalties were being taken from). Anderson also set up Richard Cresswell for Preston North End's goal against Chelsea in the FA Cup, whipping in a cross from a free kick, which Cresswell headed past Carlo Cudicini.
Subsequently he was loaned out to Tranmere Rovers (where he scored on his debut and became very popular with the Tranmere fans), then Grimsby Town. He eventually moved from Preston North End permanently and rejoined his former club, Dundee. He then moved to St Mirren, however in March 2007 his contract with the club was terminated by mutual consent, due to numerous injuries. He has since played for Ross County (where he scored once against Queen's Park), Ayr United (where he scored once, again against Queen's Park), Elgin City and Clydebank.
Retirement.
Anderson retired from football aged 31 in 2009 due to personal reasons. He retains a 10% stake in Nicole's in Cleethorpes.

</doc>
<doc id="9688536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688536" title="Ponce de Leon Inlet">
Ponce de Leon Inlet

The Ponce de Leon Inlet is a natural opening in the barrier islands in central Florida that connects the north end of the Mosquito Lagoon and the south end of the Halifax River to the Atlantic Ocean. It is the site of the town of Ponce Inlet, Florida and the Ponce de Leon Inlet Light. The inlet is maintained by the Ponce de Leon Inlet & Port District, a Division of the Volusia County, Florida government.
The inlet originally was named Gnar Town. In 1927 the Florida Legislature changed the name from Mosquito Inlet to Ponce de Leon Inlet. There was precedent for the change. Mosquito County had long before become Orange County, and the Mosquito River had become the Halifax River. Only the Mosquito Lagoon has kept its old name.

</doc>
<doc id="9688540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688540" title="Ron Heller (offensive tackle)">
Ron Heller (offensive tackle)

Ronald Ramon Heller (born August 25, 1962) is an American football coach and former offensive tackle, who played twelve seasons in the National Football League for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Philadelphia Eagles and Miami Dolphins. Heller is currently the assistant offensive line coach for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL), a position he assumed in February 2013.
Playing career.
As a football player, Heller, a graduate of Penn State was chosen by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the fourth round of the 1984 NFL Draft, where he played offensive tackle. He was traded to the Seattle Seahawks who in turn traded him to the Philadelphia Eagles for a fourth round draft pick.
The 6-foot-6, 290-pound Heller started all but one game for the Eagles at right tackle in 1988. Overall, he played in 75 regular season contests for Philadelphia, at both right and left tackle. After missing one game in his first season with the team, he didn't miss another until he was sidelined for four games in 1992 due to a foot injury. Following the 1992 season, Heller signed with the Miami Dolphins and played three seasons with them before a knee injury forced him to retire.
Coaching career.
Heller gained his first NFL coaching experience in 2004 as a season-long intern coach with the Amsterdam Admirals in NFL Europe. He became the Admirals' offensive line coach in 2006 under head coach Bart Andrus, and was promoted to offensive coordinator in 2007.
Heller rejoined Andrus on the staff of the Toronto Argonauts, January 23, 2009, when he was hired as the team's offensive line coach.
In February 2010, Heller was hired by the Jacksonville Jaguars as an offensive staff assistant.

</doc>
<doc id="9688542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688542" title="Philippine constitutional referendum, 1981">
Philippine constitutional referendum, 1981

National plebscite and local plebscites was held on April 7, 1981 in the Philippines. The plebscite was set to amend the following revisions made by the Interim Batasang Pambansa:
Also were held in certain areas the creation of three municipalities in Bohol, South Cotabato and Zamboanga del Norte:
Plebscite results.
The majority of the Filipino people voted YES to the terms and constitutional amendments. All were in favor of the creation of the new municipalities in Bohol, South Cotabato and Zamboanga del Norte.

</doc>
<doc id="9688559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688559" title="Extr@">
Extr@

extr@ is a language education television series scripted in the format of a "Friends"-esque sitcom which was in production from 2002 to 2004, and is mainly marketed to the instructional television market for middle school and high school language classes. Four versions were made, each in a different language; English, French, German, and Spanish.
The English version was co-produced by Channel 4 Learning and RAI CPTO (Production Centre of Turin) for RAI Educational.
Plot.
The English version has 30 episodes, and the other three languages have 13 episodes each. The Plot of the 13 episodes is nearly the same in all the language variants.
Hector/Sam, with only a very basic grasp of the featured language, comes to stay with his penpal, Bridget/Sacha/Sascha/Lola. Hector's/Sam's efforts to get to grips with the language provide the central dynamic for the series' language learning content. The series is particularly suitable for adolescents and young adults who can relate to the contextual setting and implied meanings in the screenplay.

</doc>
<doc id="9688565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688565" title="Ron Heller (tight end)">
Ron Heller (tight end)

Ronald Jeffrey "Ron" Heller (born September 18, 1963) is a former professional football player, a tight end in the National Football League. He played for five seasons (1987-92) for the San Francisco 49ers, Atlanta Falcons, and Seattle Seahawks. He was a member of the 1988 49ers team that won Super Bowl XXIII, and scored five touchdowns during his pro career.
He left football in 1993 and spent two years at Smith Barney as a financial consultant. In 1995 he co-founded Peritus Asset Management where he is currently CEO and Senior Portfolio Advisor.
Born in Grass Valley, California, he moved with his family to Clark Fork in north Idaho when he was 12, and graduated from Clark Fork High School in 1981, in a senior class of 18. A three-sport high school standout in football, basketball, and track, Heller accepted a football scholarship to Oregon State University. He played for the Beavers from 1981–85, primarily as a linebacker. Not selected in the 1986 NFL Draft, he was cut from his first training camp with the Dallas Cowboys.

</doc>
<doc id="9688580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688580" title="Markiszki">
Markiszki

Markiszki , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688582" title="Duncan-class ship of the line (1859)">
Duncan-class ship of the line (1859)

The "Duncan" class of 101-gun two-decker steam line-of-battle ships are considered by Professor Andrew Lambert to have been the "final statement of the British design progress" for steam two-deckers. The class consisted of HMS "Duncan" and HMS "Gibraltar". The "Bulwark" class had identical hulls. HMS "Gibraltar" was the last wooden steam line-of-battleship to commission as a private ship in the Royal Navy.
Design.
The first British steam 101-gun two-decker was the "St Jean d'Acre", which was ordered and laid down in 1851 and was "the first ship that can be directly attributed to Sir Baldwin Walker's influence. was an expansion of the ], her superior qualities were developed in the succeeding Conqueror and "Duncan" classes of 101-gun ships." The "Duncan" class were longer and broader versions of the Conqueror, which was a success as they were noticeably faster (see table below).
"The early steam battleships, such as the "Agamemnon", combined a measure of speed under sail or steam with similar manoeuvring powers to the sailing ships. This persuaded Walker to try even longer hulls, the "Renown" being drawn out to and the "Bulwark" to . While the post-war ships, from their greater length and finer lines, reached higher speeds they did so at the expense of the facility and precision of their response to the helm. New ships such as the "Donegal", 101 and "Renown", 91 were considered slow in their stays. This lack of handiness was emphasised by their operating in company with older ships such the "St Jean d'Acre", 101 and "James Watt", 91 which lacked speed, but tacked and wore far more easily. Lord Aukland had anticipated this problem in 1847."
"Duncan" and "Gibraltar" "presented a very different appearance from the Baroque splendour of the early Eighteenth Century, with their regular outline bereft of almost all embellishment beyond the elliptical stern gallery and the figurehead and painted in the severe black and white bands of the era. These were the most striking and intimidating of all wooden warships, replacing elegance with majesty. As such they were fitting precursors for the industrial architecture of the iron-clads."
"**" Note that "Gibraltar's" trial speed was undertaken without masts or stores.
Source: Lambert
Key dates.
The following table shows key dates for the "Duncan class".
Career HMS "Duncan".
10 February 1862: Reduction in the number of guns carried in peacetime to 89.
6 January 1864: Commanded by Captain Robert Gibson, flagship of Vice-Admiral James Hope, North America and West Indies.
Whilst serving on the North America and West Indies Station, Captain John Bythesea VC was carried on the books of "Duncan" as second captain from 1 April 1866 to Spring 1867, for special service as Naval Attaché in Washington.
15 June 1867 – 10 September 1867: Commanded by Captain George Hancock, Coast Guard, Leith (Queensferry) (replacing "Trafalgar").
10 September 1867 – 28 February 1870: Commanded (until paying off) by Captain Charles Fellowes, Coast Guard, Leith (and flagship of Commodore of John Walker Tarleton's Coast Guard squadron comprising "Duncan", "Donegal", "Revenge", "Irresistible", "Lion", "Dauntless" and "Argus"). HMS "Repulse" replaced "Duncan" as Coast Guard, Queensferry by 20 August 1870.
1 April 1873 – 1 January 1875: Commanded by Captain George Willes Watson, Sheerness, replacing "Pembroke".
1 January 1875: Commanded by Captain Charles Thomas Curme, flagship of Vice-Admiral George Fowler Hastings, Sheerness.
From some time in 1878 – 1 January 1879: Commanded by Captain Thomas Bridgeman Lethbridge, Sheerness.
1 January 1879 – 27 July 1881: Commanded by Captain Thomas Baker Martin Sulivan, Sheerness. Tenders: "Hydra", "Porcupine", "Trent" and "Wildfire".
27 July 1881 – 31 December 1881: Commanded (until paying off at Sheerness) by Captain John D'Arcy, Sheerness (replaced by the Naval Barracks at Sheerness, renamed "Duncan", but retained with a small crew as "saluting ship").
In 1890 she was Chatham. Machinery probably removed. That year she was listed as harbour service and renamed "Pembroke".
1895: Receiving ship, Chatham.
September 1905: was renamed "Tenedos II", and commissioned in January 1906 as part of the new "Tenedos" training establishment for boy mechanician apprentices.
11 October 1910 On closure of the "Tenedos" establishment, sold for breaking up at London for £7,525.
Career HMS "Gibraltar".
8 September 1863 – December 1864: Commanded (from commissioning at Plymouth) by Captain James Charles Prevost, Mediterranean Fleet.
December 1864 – 12 January 1867: Commanded (until paying off at Plymouth) by Captain Robert Coote, Mediterranean Fleet.
1871 onwards: Lent to the Belfast Training Ship Committee as training ship for boys in Belfast.
1889: renamed "Grampian".
16 March 1899: Sold to Castle for breaking up at Charlton.

</doc>
<doc id="9688593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688593" title="Greatest Hits (Culture Club album)">
Greatest Hits (Culture Club album)

Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation by British band Culture Club with androgynous frontman Boy George. It was released in the US and Canada on 21 June 2005.
The album includes their best known hits, starting with their debut album "Kissing to Be Clever", and finishing with their most recent album "Don't Mind If I Do". Because their final album was not released in America, this compilation was the only US release which featured the UK singles "Your Kisses Are Charity" and "Cold Shoulder". Only one American Culture Club single was omitted from the compilation, the non-charting "Gusto Blusto" from 1986's "From Luxury to Heartache".
By 2006, US sales for the album were reported at 40,164 although it failed to make "Billboard"s album chart.
This compilation was reissued for the European market in August 2010. It was released as a DVD and CD combo, the DVD including 17 music videos and a 13-tracks live show from December 1983 recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon. This CD is reflection of the DVD, including the 17 audio tracks of those videos, with some different mixes and edits. Some tracks of the 2005 version were removed (White Boy, Black Money) and two were added, UK singles "God Thank You Woman" and "Cold Shoulder".

</doc>
<doc id="9688599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688599" title="Hymenocallis coronaria">
Hymenocallis coronaria

Hymenocallis coronaria, commonly known as the Cahaba lily, Shoal lily, or Shoals spider-lily, is an aquatic, perennial flowering plant species of the genus "Hymenocallis". It is endemic to the Southeastern United States, being found only in Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina and parts of North Carolina. Within Alabama, it is known as the Cahaba lily; elsewhere it is known as the Shoal lily or Shoals spider-lily.
Description and habitat.
"Hymenocallis coronaria" requires a swift, shallow, water current and direct sunlight to flourish. The plant grows to about tall and develops from a bulb that lodges in cracks in rocky shoals. It blooms from early May to late June. Each fragrant flower blossom opens overnight and last for one day. They are visited and possibly pollinated by "Paratrea plebeja", commonly known as the plebian sphinx moth, and "Battus philenor", the pipevine swallowtail butterfly.
The plant was first observed in 1783 by William Bartram and described as the "odoriferous "Pancratium fluitans" which almost alone possesses the little rocky islets". He saw it growing in the Savannah River near Augusta, Georgia.
Populations.
"Hymenocallis coronaria" is under consideration for protection under the Endangered Species Act, due to entire populations being wiped out by dam construction. There are only approximately 50 extant populations of "Hymenocallis coronaria" left, all in the states of Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina. The three largest remaining populations are located in the Cahaba River in Alabama, the Catawba River in South Carolina, and in the Flint River in Georgia. The Cahaba River has four separate populations, with three within the Cahaba River National Wildlife Refuge and one in Buck Creek); the Catawba has one within the Landsford Canal State Park; and the Flint has four, from Yellow Jacket Shoals to Hightower Shoals. Significant populations remain in the Savannah River basin, with three in the main channel and one each in the tributaries of Stevens Creek in South Carolina and the Broad River in Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="9688608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688608" title="Joseph Connolly (author)">
Joseph Connolly (author)

Joseph Connolly (born 23 March 1950) is a British journalist, novelist, non-fiction writer and bibliophile.
For many years Connolly was the proprietor of The Flask Bookshop in Hampstead, London. Having started writing fiction rather late in life, he is best known today for his comic novels, especially in France, where they have been translated by Alain Defossé. He also contributes to "The Times" and various other publications.
Connolly lives in Hampstead.
Novels.
His novels are published by Faber and Faber except "England's Lane" which is published by Quercus.

</doc>
<doc id="9688617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688617" title="Parkland formula">
Parkland formula

The Parkland formula is a formula used to calculate the amount of resuscitation fluid required for the first 24 hours in a victim of burns to ensure they remain hemodynamically stable. The fluid required for the first 24 hours is four times the product of the body weight and body surface area affected by burns. The first half of the total amount is given within 8 hours from the burn incident, and the remaining over next 16 hours. Only second- and third-degree burn area are taken into consideration, as first-degree burns do not cause hemodynamically significant fluid shift to warrant fluid resuscitation. 
The Parkland formula is mathematically expressed as:
where mass is in kilograms (kg), area as a percentage of total body surface area, and volume is in milliliters (mL). For example, a person weighing 75 kg with burns to 20% of his or her BSA would require 4 x 75 x 20 = 6,000 mL of fluid replacement within 24 hours. The first half of this amount is delivered within 8 hours from the burn incident, and the remaining fluid is delivered in the next 16 hours.
The body surface area involved in burns for adults can be calculated by applying the rule of nine (see total body surface area): 9% for each arm, 18% for each leg, 18% for the front of the torso, 18% for the back of the torso, and 9% for the head and 1% for the perineum.

</doc>
<doc id="9688637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688637" title="Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park">
Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park

The Gran Sasso and Monti della Laga National Park is a natural park which was established in 1991 mostly settled in Abruzzo, Italy. It has an area of , and it is mainly spread out across the province of Teramo, L'Aquila, Pescara and also in minor areas within the province of Rieti and Ascoli Piceno. The terrain is predominantly mountainous.
It is managed by Ente Parco Nazionale Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga, with headquarters in Assergi, in the Province of L'Aquila.
The Grand Highway of the Gran Sasso and Monti della Laga National Park runs through the park between the Gran Sasso mountain peak and the chain known as Monti della Laga.
Geography.
The park is one of the largest protected areas in Europe, the showpiece being the massif of Gran Sasso, which dominates the surrounding landscape; it rises vertically on the immense pastures of Campo Imperatore. On the east side, from Teramo, there is the majestic "Paretone" which is a part of the central Adriatic landscape. It is the kingdom of perennial snow, rocks and wind. The Calderone lies just beneath the Corno Grande and it is considered to be Europe's southernmost glacier. On the north there is the profile of Monti della Laga chain, where thousands of migratory birds stop on the shores of Lake Campotosto. This area is completely covered by woods of beeches, firs, turkey oaks and chestnuts. There are over of horse trails that can be used to visit the park.
Nature and wildlife.
The park contains one of the most biologically diverse areas of Europe. The climate is borderline between that of the Mediterranean and that of Europe. The park contains more than two thousand plant species, some of which are found exclusively in this area, such as Abruzzo Edelweiss, as well as fauna which are equally precious.
Many species of wildlife inhabit the park, including rare animals such as the Abruzzo Chamois, as well as wolves, roe deer, wildcats, wild boars, foxes and squirrels. Notable birds include the Golden Eagle, the White-backed Woodpecker, the goshawk, the Common Buzzard and the peregrine. There are also insects, such as the Apollo Butterfly.
Attractions.
The park contains a very long circuit of approximately featuring trails that can be visited on horseback, by mountain bike, or on foot.
Many outdoor activities are possible within the park including:
Educational projects are active in the park visitor centres, trails and paths can be freely explored also with the assistance of mountain guides.
Settlements.
The villages of the park are tiny towns with close-knit stone and brick houses, joined by the rise and fall of narrow lanes, their solid wood doors set under architraves carved with bearings and dates of many centuries past.
Each village deserves exploration to meet the real people and enjoy Abruzzo's proverbial hospitality, discover genuine traditions and wonderful regional products.
Almost all of the park's inland settlements date back to at least the Middle Ages but many are older, fonded in the Italic-Roman period. In many cases, the place name highlights the defensive nature of the settlement and a summit position: Castel, Rocca, Pizzo, Penna, Colle (castle, keep, peak, crest and hill).
Barete, Barisciano, Cagnano Amiterno, Calascio, Campotosto, Capestrano, Capitignano, Carapelle Calvisio, Castel del Monte, Castelvecchio Calvisio, L'Aquila, Montereale, Ofena, Pizzoli, Santo Stefano di Sessanio, Villa Santa Lucia degli Abruzzi
Acquasanta Terme, Arquata del Tronto
Brittoli, Bussi sul Tirino, Carpineto della Nora, Castiglione a Casauria, Civitella Casanova, Corvara, Farindola, Montebello di Bertona, Pescosansonesco, Villa Celiera
Accumoli, Amatrice
Arsita, Campli, Castelli, Civitella del Tronto, Cortino, Crognaleto, Fano Adriano, Isola del Gran Sasso d'Italia, Montorio al Vomano, Pietracamela, Rocca Santa Maria, Torricella Sicura, Tossicia, Valle Castellana.

</doc>
<doc id="9688639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688639" title="Krasnogruda">
Krasnogruda

Krasnogruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688644" title="Gary Scott (baseball)">
Gary Scott (baseball)

Gary Thomas Scott (born August 22, 1968 in New Rochelle, New York), is a former Major League Baseball third baseman in 1991 and 1992. In each season, he was the Opening Day third baseman for the Chicago Cubs, but in each case he was back in the minor leagues within a few weeks. In 1991, he batted .165 until May 14, when the Cubs sent him down. On April 20, 1992 he was batting .103 when he managed to crack a grand slam at Wrigley Field. He was then sent down 3 games later. He was called up a few more times during that year but never reached the majors again.
He bounced around the minor leagues until before retiring.
Scott played college baseball at Villanova, and was named to the All-Tournament team after the 1989 Big East Conference Baseball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="9688655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688655" title="Jowett Bradford">
Jowett Bradford

The Jowett Bradford was a British light van that was produced from 1946 to 1953 by Jowett Cars Ltd of Idle, near Bradford, England. The vehicle was also available as an estate car from 1947 to 1953.
The vehicle was based on the pre-war Jowett Eight and was the first Jowett to be re-introduced after the Second World War. In spite of being very basic, the Bradford appealed to the post war market because of its economy and availability.
Design features.
The chassis featured half elliptic leaf springs front and rear with beam axles. The front-mounted flat-twin engine produced and drove the rear wheels through a three speed non-synchromesh gearbox. In 1950 the engine was updated to give and synchromesh was fitted to the top ratio. This improved the top speed to . The drum brakes were operated mechanically using a Girling system.
Body variants.
Initially only a 10 cwt van version was made but in 1947 it was joined by an estate car, the Utility. This was little more than the van with side windows and rear seats. By 1951 the Utility was offered in two versions: Utility and Utility De Luxe, with the latter having better trim, including a rear bumper and side footsteps. Both utilities were also offered as a '4-light van', with windows but no rear seats, to avoid the high purchase tax on private cars. The Bradford was also manufactured as a light lorry, as would later be described as a pickup truck. 
Driveaway-chassis and cab-chassis versions were made for outside coachbuilders in which form it sold in large numbers both at home and abroad.
Performance.
A Utility de-luxe tested by the British magazine "The Motor" in 1952 had a top speed of and could accelerate from 0- in 47.6 seconds. A fuel consumption of was recorded. The test car cost £740 including taxes. The de-luxe specification, which consisted of trafficators, dual windscreen wipers, running boards, a rear bumper and some chromium plating, added £38 to the total cost.
Development.
A saloon and a pickup with inlet-over-exhaust cylinder heads was being developed when Jowett stopped making cars and vans.

</doc>
<doc id="9688661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688661" title="Robert Graves (rugby)">
Robert Graves (rugby)

Robert Henderson Graves (1 September 1883 – 15 February 1958) was a pioneer Australian rugby league and rugby union player and one of his country's first dual-code internationals. He was a versatile forward for the Australia national team. He played in 6 Tests between 1908 and 1909, as captain on 1 occasion. In 1907 he played for New South Wales in the very first rugby match run by the newly created 'New South Wales Rugby Football League' which had just split away from the established New South Wales Rugby Football Union.
Rugby union career.
Graves grew up in inner city Balmain in Sydney. He played rugby union at Fort Street School and later represented for his senior school Hawkesbury Agricultural College. From there he was graded to play rugby union with the West Sydney Juniors - an inner city club. He played with the Grosvenor Club (another inner Sydney club) until 1902. He then joined the Gipps Club in the Balmain area with whom he won the Sydney rugby union premiership in 1904.
He joined the Balmain club in the metropolitan rugby competition in 1905 and from there was selected to represent Metropolis (Sydney) in a fixture against Country played over Easter in 1905. He continued in a coaching role for the Grosvenor club even while himself playing rugby for those other sides from 1903 to 1907.
Rugby league career.
Graves was one of the New South Wales rugby union players who matched up against the first professional New Zealand team, Albert Baskiville's 'All Golds' in three matches in Sydney in August 1907. He played in all three matches and along with the other Australian rebel players was promptly blacklisted by the New South Wales Rugby Union for breaching its fundamental principle of amateurism.
Graves was at the foundation meetings of the break-away code in 1908 and was named as foundation captain of the Balmain Tigers. He led the Tigers in their first ever game on 20 April 1908 against Easts.
Graves was selected in all three games against New Zealand for Australia's inaugural Test series of 1908. He was a member of the first Kangaroo side which toured Britain in 1908-09. He appeared in 23 games on tour including the deciding 3rd Test at Birmingham in February 1909.
In 1909 he played in the 1st and 3rd Tests against New Zealand in Sydney. He captained his country in the 3rd Test victory becoming at that point Australia's sixth Test captain.
The second wave of Wallaby defectors to rugby league in 1909 (Chris McKivat's Olympic Gold Medal Wallabies) spelled the end of Graves' representative career. Though only 26 years old he did not play another Test. He played a further 5 seasons with Balmain retiring in 1913.
He was awarded Life Membership of the New South Wales Rugby League in 1914.
Dual international recognition.
Both the Whiticker and Whiticker/Collis references record that in 1907 Graves represented New South Wales in rugby union and in that same year came on as a replacement for John Rosewell in the Wallabies v All Blacks 1st Test in Sydney. This makes Graves a dual code rugby international and he is listed as such in the 1991 edition of the Andrews reference.
He is however not listed amongst the Australian dual-code internationals in sources such as the "2005 Rugby League Annual" or in editions of "Australian Sporting Records". Presumably (and erroneously) this may be due to his status in making his single Wallaby appearance as a reserve rather than from the run-on side.

</doc>
<doc id="9688688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688688" title="Scott Bullett">
Scott Bullett

Scott Douglas Bullett (born December 25, 1968 in Martinsburg, West Virginia) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played all or part of four seasons between and . He also played one season in Japan with the Chunichi Dragons in . Towards the end of his career, he played in the Mexican Professional Summer League. Bullett now runs a very successful elite baseball program fielding 4 teams out of the town of Welland, Ontario by the name of Bullettproof Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="9688695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688695" title="Awarua by-election, 1897">
Awarua by-election, 1897

A by-election was held for the Awarua electorate on 5 August 1897, for the seat vacated by Joseph Ward, which he had held since . Despite having had to resign due to bankruptcy, he exploited a legal loophole and was re-elected to the 13th New Zealand Parliament.
Background and election.
Joseph Ward first won election to the electorate in the 1897 election. He held many portfolios in the Seddon Ministry, including that of Treasurer (i.e. Minister of Finance), when Justice Williams declared him "hopelessly insolvent" in 1896. He was forced to resign his portfolios in Cabinet on 16 June. In 1897, he had to file for bankruptcy, and was adjudicated bankrupt on 8 July 1897. He was then legally obliged to resign his seat in Parliament, which he did on 14 July.
A loophole, however, meant that there was nothing to stop him simply contesting it again. He did so, and was re-elected with an increased majority. His opponent, both in the previous general election in and in the by-election was Cuthbert Cowan, who had previously represented the () and (–1890) electorates.
Parliament passed a special Act on 13 October, the "Awarua Seat Enquiry Act 1897", which required the Court of Appeal to urgently decide whether he could be re-elected to Parliament, and the court decided in his favour. The court judgement was published as AJHR H32 of 1897.
Ward actually gained considerable popularity as a result of his financial troubles; Ward was widely seen as a great benefactor of the Southland region, and public perceptions were that he was being persecuted by his enemies over an honest mistake. Gradually, Ward rebuilt his businesses, and paid off his debtors. Richard Seddon, still Prime Minister, quickly reappointed Ward to Cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="9688698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688698" title="Fowberry Tower">
Fowberry Tower

Fowberry Tower is a Grade II* listed mansion house, situated on the banks of the River Till, near Chatton, Northumberland.
The Manor of Fowberry was owned by the Fowberry family for over 400, years and their 16th-century tower house incorporated the remains of an original pele tower. 
In the late 16th century Roger Fowberry mortgaged the estate to his neighbour William Strother of Kirknewton and despite later legal attempts to dispute the debt, his son was obliged in 1591 to transfer the property to Lancelot Strother.
The Strothers built a new manor house on the site in about 1666. When William Strother died in 1708 without a male heir the estate passed to William Kerr who married Blake’s heiress daughter. In 1776 their son John Strother Kerr sold the estate and house to Sir Francis Blake.
Blake remodelled and substantially enlarged the house including delightful Strawberry Hill Gothic interiors; some of the more important interiors following this style in the North of England. He included the Blake family crest - a martlet surmounting a cap of maintenance - on a frieze in 22c gold leaf in the dining room. A new frontage was designed by architect James Nesbitt. A feature of the new mansion was the creation of six false windows on the south elevation, which substantially improved the external appearance of the new Building but avoided the burden of window tax.
The Blakes sold the estate in 1807 to Matthew Culley (born 1778) son of the noted expert agriculturalist George Culley (born 1735). The design for the front of the house was continued and completed by Matthew Culley who incorporated a dated medallion stone above the entrance - 1809. A later George Culley of Fowberry was High Sheriff of Northumberland in 1867. The Culley family, later Leather Culley, remained at Fowberry until they sold the estate in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="9688709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688709" title="Harlan County High School">
Harlan County High School

Harlan County High School (also known as "HCHS") is a public high school located in the unincorporated community of Rosspoint, Kentucky, served by the post office of another unincorporated community, Baxter. The school opened in August 2008 to replace the county's previously separate public high schools: Evarts High School, James A. Cawood, and Cumberland High School. The school has been met with mixed criticism, with praises for its unique architecture and design and educational value.
History.
Main construction for Harlan County High School began in 2006 and finished in 2008. Opening orientation was held on August 24, 2008, and school was scheduled to open for students the next day. However, an arson attempt activated several sprinklers throughout the school, forcing the postponement of opening day until September. More than 1,700 students began attending the school on opening day.
The mascot was provisionally to be called the 'Knights,' however, public opinion led to the decision to name it the 'Black Bears' in honor of the "Ursus americanus" bears that inhabit the area. The school is the flagship of the Harlan County Public Schools, whose superintendent is Michael Howard.
Architecture and design.
Although "Harlan County High School" is located in a rural community, the school was built with a generous budget and has been praised for its unique architectural design. Paired with a few defining characteristics - such as the multiple bear statues and giant bear paw painted on its grassy embankment - more remarkable qualities distinguish the school. The school's main entrance leads students through a lobby featuring images and artifacts of historic schools and into a three-story atrium, designed as a street that connects all the main functions of the school, from which one can almost view every area in the building as well. Other important areas include the main office, gymnasium, auditorium, lunchroom, library, security office, and classrooms.
Sports, clubs, and organizations.
"Harlan County High School" is praised for its number of extracurricular activities, organizations, clubs, sports, and in-school electives that 'provide students unique opportunities to focus their studies on career interests, college preparatory, military science, the world of work and the fine arts.'
Below are a list of organizations, clubs, and sports that students may participate in, according to the official website of "Harlan County High School".
Athletics.
Boys:
Girls:

</doc>
<doc id="9688720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688720" title="Q (song)">
Q (song)

"Q" is a single released in 1990/1991 by "Mental Cube" (better known as Future Sound of London). It is a widely respected dance classic amongst DJ's and has a distinctive bleeping, electronica feel reminiscent of work by Orbital.

</doc>
<doc id="9688727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688727" title="Ozzie Timmons">
Ozzie Timmons

Osborne Llewellyn Timmons (born September 18, 1970 in Tampa, Florida), is a former professional baseball player who played outfielder in the major leagues from -. Between and , Timmons played in the minor leagues. He is currently the hitting and first base coach for the Montgomery Biscuits, AA affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays.

</doc>
<doc id="9688755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688755" title="Tom Gorman (rugby league)">
Tom Gorman (rugby league)

Tom Gorman (1901–1978) was an Australian rugby league player. He was a Centre three-quarter for the Australian national team. He played in 10 Tests between 1924 and 1930 as captain on 7 occasions.
Born in Charters Towers, Queensland, Gorman was the first Queenslander to lead a Kangaroo touring side to Britain. He has been named amongst the nation's finest footballers of the 20th century 
Club career.
As an old boy of St. Mary's Christian Brothers College Toowoomba, Gorman first played for the Past Christian Brothers Football Club in 1918 when the Club was still playing rugby union. The Toowoomba Rugby Union affiliated with rugby league in 1919 and he played with Brothers and the Toowoomba Clydesdales representative side from 1919 until 1925. In 1924–25, alongside Herb Steinohrt he was in the Toowoomba sides which beat all comers including Sydney premiers Souths, Brisbane, Ipswich and visiting representative sides including New South Wales, Victoria, Great Britain and New Zealand.
He moved to the Christian Brothers Football Club in Brisbane in 1926 becoming that club's first professional player. He played five seasons in Brisbane till the end of the 1930 season. Gorman played with the Christian Brothers Football Club from 1926 to 1928 and was one of the co-founders of the Past Brothers RLFC and played with them from 1929 to 1930.
Queensland representative career.
Gorman debuted for Queensland in 1921. He played in the champion Queensland teams that defeated New South Wales in five consecutive interstate series (1922–1926).
He captained Queensland to a series win over New South Wales in 1928, then through to his last playing season in 1930.
Australian representative career.
Gorman made his Test debut against England in the 1924 Ashes series as one of seven Queenslanders to appear in the 1st Test. From 1924 to 1930 he appeared in ten consecutive Ashes tests.
His first appearance as captain in the 1st test loss to Great Britain in Brisbane in 1928 marked the first occasion that the Kangaroos wore jerseys of green and gold. Previously they had worn the merged blue and maroon colours of NSW and Queensland. Gorman was the first Queenslander to be named captain of a touring side when he was announced as Australian skipper for the 1929–30 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain.
Post playing.
In retirement Gorman went into the hotel business in Brisbane. He served the Queensland Rugby League as an administrator.
In 2007 he was inducted into the Australian Rugby League Hall of Fame. In February 2008, Gorman was named in the list of Australia's "100 Greatest Players" (1908–2007) which was commissioned by the NRL and ARL to celebrate the code's centenary year in Australia. In June 2008, he was chosen in the Queensland Rugby League's Team of the Century at centre.
In 2008, rugby league in Australia's centenary year, Gorman was named at centre in the Toowoomba and South West Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="9688762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688762" title="Ronnie Caryl">
Ronnie Caryl

Ronnie Caryl (born 10 February 1953, Liverpool) is an English musician. Over the years Caryl has worked alongside Phil Collins, plus David Hentschel, Michel Polnareff, Lulu, Stephen Bishop, Eric Clapton, Gary Brooker, Maggie Bell and John Otway.
Biography.
Caryl started his professional musical career in 1969 with the rock group, Flaming Youth. In this short-lived band was Caryl's friend Phil Collins, for whom Caryl was best man at his first wedding. In 1970, they both auditioned for Genesis and whilst Collins obtained the job as drummer, Caryl was unsuccessful.
Caryl went on to play in some other bands, including Sanctuary in 1972, with whom he recorded an unreleased album. By the following year he joined the jazz rock outfit, Zox & the Radar Boys, including Peter Banks, Mike Piggott and Phil Collins.
He moved to France in 1995 with his wife Melanie.
In 1996, Caryl became an official member of Collins's group as a backing vocalist and rhythm guitarist. As well as work with Collins, Caryl has also performed alongside David Hentschel, Michel Polnareff, Lulu, Stephen Bishop, Eric Clapton, Gary Brooker, Maggie Bell and John Otway.
Caryl has released two solo albums, "Leave A Light On" (1994) and "One Step At A Time" (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="9688768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688768" title="Nishiarai Station">
Nishiarai Station

Lines.
The station is served by the Tobu Skytree Line and Tobu Daishi Line.
Station layout.
The station consists of three island platforms serving six tracks.
History.
The station opened on 27 August 1899.
From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on all Tobu lines, with Nishiarai Station becoming "TS-13".

</doc>
<doc id="9688781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688781" title="Bob Scanlan">
Bob Scanlan

Robert Guy Scanlan Jr. (born August 9, 1966 in Los Angeles, California), is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1991-2001. He played for the Chicago Cubs (-), Milwaukee Brewers (-, ), Detroit Tigers (), Kansas City Royals (), Houston Astros () and Montreal Expos (). 
In 290 games, Scanlan put together a 20-34 record with 17 saves, 245 strikeouts and a 4.63 ERA.
As of 2012, Scanlan serves as a color analyst for San Diego Padres radio broadcasts, and previously had worked as a pregame and postgame host for Padres telecasts on 4SD. In the January 2008 issue of "San Diego Magazine" he was selected as one of the "50 People to Watch in 2008".
External links.
Bob Scanlan official website www.BobScanlan.com[http://www.bobscanlan.com]

</doc>
<doc id="9688782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688782" title="HMS Atherstone (1916)">
HMS Atherstone (1916)

HMS "Atherstone" was a Racecourse-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy. The Racecourse class comprised 32 paddlewheel coastal minesweeping sloops.
History.
Great War.
Built by Ailsa SB at Troon in Scotland, she was launched on 14 April 1916. For the rest of the war she served with the Auxiliary Patrol. Post war she was transferred to the Mine Clearance Service.
Between the wars.
She was sold to The New Medway Steam Packet Company on 12 August 1927 and converted for excursion work on the Medway and Thames. She was renamed "Queen of Kent". For the next twelve years she could be found working from Sheerness and Southend. Regular excursions took her to Gravesend, Margate, Clacton and Dover as well as cross-channel voyages to Calais, Boulogne and Dunkirk.
World War 2.
In September 1939 she was requisitioned by the Admiralty for minesweeping duties once more and commissioned as HMS "Queen of Kent", pennant number J74. For Operation Overlord in June 1944 she was stationed at Peel Bank off the Isle of Wight as the Mulberry Accommodation & Despatch Control Ship. Subsequently she was stationed at Dungeness. After the war she was returned in 1946 to her owners to recommence excursion work around the Thames Estuary.
Post War.
In January 1949 she was sold to Red Funnel and transferred to Southampton. After refitting at Thorneycroft's yard at Northam she was commissioned in the spring as the company's second "Lorna Doone". For the next three years she operated excursions from Bournemouth in the summer. She was finally withdrawn and scrapped by Dover Industries Ltd at Dover Eastern Docks in 1952.

</doc>
<doc id="9688785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688785" title="Pedamadalla">
Pedamadalla

Pedamadalla is a village located in the Krishna District in India. It has a population of over 30,000. Many people have left this area.

</doc>
<doc id="9688792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688792" title="Nassau-class battleship">
Nassau-class battleship

The "Nassau" class were a group of four German dreadnought battleships built for the Imperial Navy. They were the German response to the introduction of the "all big gun" British . The class was composed of , , , and . All four ships were laid down in mid-1907, and completed between May and September 1910. Compared to their British contemporaries, the "Nassau"-class ships were lighter and had a wider beam. They were two knots slower, because the German ships retained vertical triple-expansion engines as opposed to the high-power turbine engines adopted by the British. The ships also carried smaller main guns—11-inch (280 mm) guns rather than the 12-inch (305 mm) guns mounted on the British ships.
After their commissioning into the German fleet, all four ships served as a unit: the II Division of I Battle Squadron. Two of the ships, "Nassau" and "Posen", took part in the inconclusive Battle of the Gulf of Riga in 1915, during which they engaged the Russian pre-dreadnought . The "Nassau"-class ships took part in the Battle of Jutland on 31 May and 1 June 1916 as the II Battle Squadron; they suffered only a handful of secondary battery hits and limited casualties. At the end of the First World War, the four ships were seized as war prizes by the victorious Allied powers and sold for scrapping.
Design.
Development.
In 1906, the launch of the "all big gun" made all other battleships then in existence obsolete. The First Naval Amendment to the 1900 German Naval Law was passed in 1906 prior to the launch of "Dreadnought"; Admiral Alfred von Tirpitz had originally requested six new battleships and six armored cruisers, along with a number of miscellaneous smaller craft. The launch of the revolutionary "Dreadnought" meant that any future battleships that could compete with her would be significantly more expensive than the older pre-dreadnought battleships. Opposition to budget increases in the Reichstag forced Tirpitz to reduce his request to six armored cruisers—one of which was to have been placed in reserve—and 48 torpedo boats, dropping his request for new battleships completely; the reduced proposal was voted through on 19 May 1906. A week after the amendment was passed, funds for two 18,000-ton battleships and a 15,000-ton armored cruiser were allocated to the Navy. Funds were also provided to widen the Kaiser Wilhelm Canal and enlarge dock facilities to accommodate the larger ships.
A debate ensued in the "Reichsmarineamt" (Naval Office) over the construction of the new ships. Tirpitz favored following the Royal Navy by building dreadnought battleships and battlecruisers as well. Tirpitz saw it as an opportunity to break Britain's commitment to the "two power standard". Tirpitz also intended to use the funds that had been allocated for armored cruisers to build battlecruisers instead, although they were still to be classified as armored cruisers.
"Nassau" and "Westfalen" were the first dreadnoughts ordered under the 1906–07 program; the armored cruiser was ordered along with them. The Second Naval Amendment to the 1900 Naval Law was passed on 27 March 1908; this amendment included a budget of 1 billion marks, and provisions that reduced the lifespan of battleships from 25 years to 20. This had the effect of necessitating the replacement of the coastal defense ships of the and classes, as well as the pre-dreadnoughts of the . The s (first put into service in the late 1870s) also needed replacement, as they were already obsolete, even under the 25-year standard. The four "Sachsen"s were to be replaced by the "Nassau" class. The second pair of ships in the "Nassau" class, "Posen" and "Rheinland", were ordered under the 1907–08 building program.
General characteristics.
The ships were long, wide, and had a draught of . The ships had a length to width ratio of 5.45, which was somewhat "stubby" compared to contemporary designs. To some extent, the greater than normal width was due to the four wing turrets, which necessitated a wider hull. They displaced 18,570 tons with a standard load, and 21,000 tons fully laden. The ships had 19 watertight compartments, with the exception of "Nassau", which only had 16. All four ships had a double bottom for 88 percent of the keel. The ships carried a number of boats, including a picket boat, 3 admiral's barges, 2 launches, 2 cutters, and 2 dinghies.
As designed, the ships did not handle particularly well, even in calm seas, and their motion was quite stiff. The ships experienced severe rolling, due to the weight of the wing turrets. The heavy wing turrets caused the ships to have a large metacentric height, which should have made them very stable gun platforms, but their roll period proved to coincide with that of the average North Sea swell. Bilge keels were later added, which helped to improve the rolling problem. Despite the tendency to roll, the "Nassau"-class ships were maneuverable and had a small turning radius. They suffered minor speed loss in heavy seas, but up to 70 percent at hard rudder. The roll keels that had been fitted to improve handling caused a portion of the speed loss at hard rudder.
Propulsion.
The German Navy was slow to adopt the advanced Parsons turbine engines used in the British "Dreadnought", primarily due to the resistance of both Admiral von Tirpitz and the Navy's construction department. In 1905, the latter stated that the "use of turbines in heavy warships does not recommend itself." The "Nassau" class therefore retained obsolete vertical triple expansion engines rated at 22,000 ihp. Each of the three shafts drove a 3-bladed screw that was 5 m (5.46 yd) in diameter. Designed top speed was 19.5 knots. On trials, the ships attained 20 to 20.2 knots on 26,224 to 28,117 ihp. By comparison, "Dreadnought"s steam turbines provided a rated speed of 21 knots.
Steam was provided by 12 Schulz-Thornycroft boilers, each of which had 2 fireboxes, for a total of 24. The machinery was divided into three engine and six boiler rooms. The wing turrets and their magazines further divided the machinery into three separated groups, thereby increasing survivability. The ships carried 2,700 tons of coal, and were later modified to carry an additional 160 tons of oil that was to be sprayed on the coal, to increase its burn rate. Electrical power was provided by eight turbo-generators, producing 1,280 kW at 225 V.
Armament.
The vertical triple expansion engines consumed large amounts of internal space that could otherwise have been used for magazines. Without sufficient magazine capacity to support superfiring centerline turrets, designers were compelled to distribute six main turrets in an unusual hexagonal configuration. Two twin turrets were mounted fore and aft (one on each end), and two were mounted on each flank of the ship. Firing directly forward and aft, the ships could bring 6 guns to bear, and 8 on the broadside; this was the same theoretical capability as "Dreadnought", but the "Nassau"-class ships required two additional guns to achieve it. It was considered that this arrangement provided a useful reserve of heavy guns that were shielded from enemy fire.
Each ship carried twelve SK L/45 guns. The wing turrets were Drh LC/1906 mounts, as were the centerline turrets on the first two ships of the class, "Nassau" and "Westfalen". "Posen" and "Rheinland" carried their centerline guns in Drh LC/1907 turrets, which had a longer trunk than the LC/1906 design. The Drh LC/1906 turrets and 11-inch SK/L45 guns were designed specifically for the new German dreadnoughts in 1907. Both mountings allowed for elevation up to 20 degrees, but the LC/1907 mounts could depress an additional two degrees, down to −8. The main battery propellant magazines were placed above shell rooms, with the exception of the centerline turrets of "Nassau" and "Westfalen". These guns fired 666 lb shells, with a 57 lb (26 kg) fore propellant charge in silk bags and a 174 lb (79 kg) main charge in a brass case. The guns fired the shells at a muzzle velocity of 2,805 ft/s (855 m/s), and had a maximum range of 22,400 yards (20,500 m). At a range of 13,100 yards (12,000 m), the 11 in shells would penetrate up to 7.9 in (200 mm) of belt armor.
The ships' secondary armament consisted of twelve SK L/45 guns, which were mounted in casemates. The guns fired 99.9 lb shells at a muzzle velocity of 2,740 ft/s (835 m/s). The guns could be elevated to 19 degrees, which provided a maximum range of 16,350 yards (14950 m). The ships also carried sixteen SK L/45 guns, also in casemates. These guns fired a 22-lb projectile at 2,133 ft/s (650 m/s), and could be trained up to 25 degrees for a maximum range of 10,500 yards (9,600 m). After 1915, two 8.8 cm guns were removed and replaced by two 8.8 cm Flak guns, and between 1916 and 1917, the remaining twelve 8.8 cm casemated guns were removed. These anti-aircraft guns fired a slightly lighter 21.2 lb shell at 2,510 ft/s (765 m/s). They could be elevated to 45 degrees and could hit targets 12,900 yards (11,800 m) away. The "Nassau"-class ships were also armed with six submerged torpedo tubes. One tube was mounted in the bow, another in the stern, and two on each broadside, on either ends of the torpedo bulkhead.
Armor.
The "Nassau"-class ships were equipped with Krupp cemented steel armor. The ships had an armored belt that was thick at its strongest, where it protected the ship's vitals in the center, and as thin as in less critical areas, such as the bow and stern. Behind the main belt was a torpedo bulkhead thick; there was some difficulty mounting the torpedo bulkhead, due to the four wing turrets and their barbettes. The ships' decks were armored, between 5.5–8 cm (2.1–3.1 in) thick. The forward conning tower had a roof that was thick, and sides thick. The aft conning tower was less well protected, with a thick roof and sides. The main battery turrets had roofs that were thick, and sides. The casemated secondary battery had worth of armor protection, and 8 cm thick gun shields. The ships were also fitted with anti-torpedo nets, but these were removed after 1916.
Construction.
Four ships of the class were ordered, under the provisional names "Ersatz Bayern", "Ersatz Sachsen", "Ersatz Württemberg", and "Ersatz Baden", as replacements for the four old s. The first ship of the class, , was laid down on 22 July 1907 at the "Kaiserliche Werft" in Wilhelmshaven, launched on 7 March 1908, and commissioned into the fleet on 1 October 1909. was laid down less than a month later, on 12 August 1907 at the AG Weser shipyard in Bremen. The ship was launched on 1 July 1908, and commissioned on 16 November 1909.
, the third ship of the class, was actually the first to be laid down, on 1 June 1907 in the AG Vulcan shipyard in Stettin. Construction of "Rheinland" proceeded slower than "Nassau" and "Westfalen", and so the ship was launched later, on 26 September 1908. "Rheinland" joined the fleet on 30 April 1910. , the last ship of the class, was laid down at the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel on 11 June 1907. The ship was not launched until 12 December 1908, and did not join her sisters until 31 May 1910.
Service history.
The "Nassau"-class ships operated as a unit in the High Seas Fleet: the II Division of the I Battle Squadron. The ships of the class participated in a number of fleet operations in the North Sea, including the action on 31 May 1916 that resulted in the Battle of Jutland. The ships also saw limited service in the Baltic Sea, including the abortive Battle of the Gulf of Riga in August 1915.
Battle of the Gulf of Riga.
In August 1915, the German fleet attempted to clear the Gulf of Riga, in order to facilitate the capture of Riga by the German army. To do so, the German planners intended to drive off or destroy the Russian naval forces in the gulf, which included the pre-dreadnought and a number of gunboats and destroyers, and lay a series of minefields in the northern entrance to the gulf. The fleet that assembled to assault the gulf included the four "Nassau"-class ships, the four s, and the battlecruisers , , and . The eight battleships were to provide cover for the forces engaging the Russian flotilla. The first attempt on 8 August was unsuccessful, as it had taken too long to clear the Russian minefields to allow the minelayer to lay a minefield of her own.
On 16 August, a second attempt was made to enter the gulf: "Nassau" and "Posen", four light cruisers, and 31 torpedo boats breached the defenses to the gulf. On the first day of the assault, the German minesweeper "T46" was sunk, as was the destroyer . On 17 August, "Nassau" and "Posen" engaged in an artillery duel with "Slava", resulting in three hits on the Russian ship that prompted her withdrawal. After three days, the Russian minefields had been cleared, and the flotilla entered the gulf on 19 August, but reports of Allied submarines in the area prompted a German withdrawal from the gulf the following day.
Battle of Jutland.
The ships took part in the inconclusive Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. For the majority of the battle, the I Battle Squadron formed the center of the line of battle, behind Rear Admiral Behncke's III Battle Squadron, and followed by Rear Admiral Mauve's elderly pre-dreadnoughts of the II Battle Squadron. "Posen" served as the division flagship, under the command of Rear Admiral W. Engelhardt.
At around midnight on 1 June, "Nassau" came in contact with the British destroyer , and in the confusion, attempted to ram her. "Spitfire" tried to evade, but could not maneuver away fast enough, and the two ships collided. "Nassau" fired her forward 11-inch guns at the destroyer, but they could not depress low enough for "Nassau" to be able to score a hit. Nonetheless, the blast from the guns destroyed "Spitfire"s bridge. At that point, "Spitfire" was able to disengage from "Nassau", and took with her a 20-foot (6 m) portion of "Nassau"s side plating. The collision disabled one of her 5.9-inch guns, and left an 11.5-foot (3.5 m) gash above the waterline; this slowed the ship to 15 knots until it could be repaired. At approximately the same time, "Posen" accidentally rammed the light cruiser and holed her below the waterline. "Elbing" was damaged so severely that her engine room was completely flooded and she was unable to move; the captain of the ship ordered "Elbing" be scuttled to prevent her capture by the British.
Shortly after 01:00, "Nassau" and encountered the British armored cruiser . "Thüringen" opened fire first, and pummeled "Black Prince" with a total of 27 heavy-caliber shells and 24 shells from her secondary battery. "Nassau" and joined in, followed by .
The wreck of the ship was directly in the path of "Nassau"; to avoid it, the ship had to steer sharply towards the III Battle Squadron. It was necessary for the ship to steam at full speed astern in order to avoid a collision with . "Nassau" then fell back into a position between the pre-dreadnoughts and .
Following the return to German waters, "Nassau", "Posen", and "Westfalen", along with the "Helgoland"-class battleships and "Thüringen", took up defensive positions in the Jade roadstead for the night. The "Nassau"-class ships suffered only a handful of secondary battery hits from the opposing Grand Fleet; "Nassau" was hit twice, "Westfalen" and "Rheinland" each once, and "Posen" escaped completely unscathed. Not a single ship of the four was struck by a heavy-caliber shell.
Later operations.
Less than three months after Jutland, "Westfalen" was torpedoed by the British submarine on 19 August 1916, but suffered minimal damage and was soon repaired. In 1918, "Westfalen" and "Rheinland" were detached from the High Seas Fleet and ordered into the Baltic Sea. Finland was revolting against Russian rule, and the two ships were to aid the Finns in the civil war. On 11 April at approximately 07:30, "Rheinland" ran aground off the Åland Islands. Approximately 6,000 tons of guns, belt armor, and coal were removed in order to lighten her enough to be refloated, which was not accomplished until 9 July. "Rheinland" was never repaired, and instead saw the remainder of her service as a barracks ship in Kiel.
Following the end of the First World War in 1918, eleven battleships of the , , and es and all five battlecruisers, along with a number of light cruisers and destroyers, were interned in Scapa Flow, while their fate was determined in the negotiations over the Treaty of Versailles. The "Nassau" and s were left in Germany. Following the scuttling of the German fleet in June 1919, all four ships were allotted to the victorious Allied powers as replacements for the scuttled ships. "Nassau" was ceded to Japan, Britain received "Westfalen" and "Posen", and "Rheinland" was sold directly to the breakers at Dordrecht. Between 1920 and 1924, "Westfalen" was scrapped at Birkenhead and the remaining ships were scrapped at Dordrecht.
References.
Online sources

</doc>
<doc id="9688810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688810" title="Logical disk">
Logical disk

A logical disk is a device that provides an area of usable storage capacity on one or more physical disk drive components in a computer system. Other terms that are used to mean the same thing are partition, logical volume, and in some cases a virtual disk (vdisk).
The disk is described as "logical" or "virtual" because it does not actually exist as a single physical entity in its own right. There are many ways to define a logical disk or volume. Most modern operating systems provide some form of logical volume management which allows the creation and management of logical volumes.
Logical disks can be defined at various levels in the "storage infrastructure stack". From top to bottom :
Motivation.
When IBM first released the magnetic disk drive in the 1956 IBM 305, a single disk drive would be directly attached to each system, managed as a single entity. As the development of drives continued, it became apparent that reliability was a problem and systems using RAID technology evolved. This means that more than one physical disks are "RAID-ed" together to produce a single logical disk.
In a modern home personal computer, disk drives can provide hundreds of gigabytes of storage capacity which can be impractical to use as a single entity. Therefore, most systems have their drives partitioned into multiple "logical drives".
Many modern business information technology environments use a storage area network (SAN). Here, many storage devices are connected to many host server devices in a network. A single RAID array may provide some capacity to one server, and some capacity to another. Therefore logical disks are used to partition the available capacity and provide the amount of storage needed by each host from a common pool of logical disks.
The IBM SAN Volume Controller used the name VDisk, for "virtual disk".
Today, the rationale for the Logical disk approach starts to be questioned and solutions that offer more flexibility and better abstraction are increasingly needed.

</doc>
<doc id="9688817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688817" title="Thomas Saf-T-Liner C2">
Thomas Saf-T-Liner C2

The Thomas Saf-T-Liner C2 (often shortened to C2) is a Type C (conventional-style) school bus produced by Thomas Built Buses. In production since 2004, the C2 is based on a Freightliner C2 chassis, itself derived from the Freightliner M2 Business Class medium-duty conventional. It was introduced as the replacement for the Thomas Conventional and Thomas Saf-T-Liner FS-65; the latter was produced alongside the C2 until December 2006. Due to elements of its design, the C2 can also be considered the successor to the Vista line of Type C buses from the 1990s.
The Saf-T-Liner C2 is built at a $40 million manufacturing facility in High Point, North Carolina.
Overview.
The C2 is unique in that it is available in capacities up to 81 passengers, the largest of any type C conventional school bus in current production. It is visually distinguished from its competitors' type C school buses by its low, sloped hood and a large, curved, bonded windshield, said to resist chips by more effectively deflecting objects. The windshield is sloped back and corners on the bus' front end are smoothed out to produce a more streamlined appearance. Even the flashing warning lights at the top of the vehicle are made flush with the windscreen.
In addition to a unique outward appearance, the C2 makes use of modern manufacturing techniques. Many joints use adhesive bonding, reducing or eliminating the need for welds or rivets in many cases. Where required, self-piercing rivets are used, which ideally do not punch through the bottom layer of the metals being joined together, thus reducing the chance that rivets will become the source of leaks in the future.
While the large windshield is an obvious place where there is more window area, other windows have been expanded on the C2 as well, both increasing viewing area and increasing the size of emergency exits which are in removable window frames. The rear windows and rear emergency exit door have also been expanded compared to previous Thomas buses.
Another claimed innovation is the introduction of a multiplexed wiring system, where multiple electrical devices communicate over the same wires, rather than being individually wired. This reduces the number of wires running through the vehicle, which can help reduce maintenance in the future. In the system used in the C2, it also has the advantage that switches on the control panel next to the driver can be rearranged to suit the driver and continue to function without any rewiring or reprogramming. An electrically-powered entrance door was an option in late 2012. 
First generation.
The first generation was produced from 2004 - early 2007. It did not have to extended passenger-side mirror bracket like the second generation. It used a CAT C7 or Mercedes MBE900 engine. It also had the smaller reverse lights in the rear light setup unlike the second generation which uses the equal-sized rear light setup. 
Second generation.
The second generation was produced starting in late 2007 and is still in production. It has the extended mirror bracket for the passenger side mirror, equal-sized rear light setup and also features equal sized window sashes with the bottom now slightly larger to match the top unlike the first generation c2s . It runs either a Detroit Diesel MBE900 or Cummins ISB engine. The MBE900 engine has since been discontinued. 
Powertrain.
Currently, the C2 is available with a single engine, the Cummins ISB; previously, the MBE 900 from Mercedes-Benz was an option. There have been reports of excessive lube oil usage in 2007 emissions-compliant Mercedes-Benz engines. Apparently, the problem corrects itself after 20,000 miles of service. If the customer does not want to wait or does not see an improvement in oil consumption, they can opt to have the engine repaired with an extended warranty.
C2e Hybrid.
In 2007, Thomas introduced a hybrid-electric version of the Saf-T-Liner, named the C2e. Designed as a parallel hybrid, the C2e retains the Cummins ISB engine, adding a lithium-ion battery pack with an electric motor/generator. In the summer of 2013 Thomas removed the C2e product literature from their website; it is uncertain if the C2e remains an offered product. 
Propane c2.
In late 2012, Thomas introduced a propane-fueled variant of the Saf-T-Liner C2, utilizing an 8.0L V8 LPG engine from General Motors. This engine is completely different than the previous 8.1 liter GM truck engine. The two engines share no parts, as the new 8L engine was designed with water jackets between the cylinders, unlike the old 8.1. Propane has 18 times the hydrogen content of CNG, so the engine must run cool when operating on propane. The 8L engine was purpose-designed to operate in the high-temperature environment that burning propane creates. The new 8.0 liter engine is square, with both a 4.25 inch bore and stroke. GM has no plans to offer the new 8.0 liter industrial engine in its own trucks at this time. Original dyno development tests on the first GM 8.0 engine operating on gasoline, showed 518 Lb feet of max torque at 1,800 RPM with a slightly higher compression ratio than the old 8.1 which had a 9.1:1 CR. GM showed a 2 percent power increase on the old 8.1 liter on propane compared to gasoline on its Industrial version of the 8.1 engine at 511 Lb feet at 1,800 RPM. On CNG, natural gas, exactly the same engine on the same dyno reached only 460 Lb feet of torque at the same 1,800 RPM. Propane burns very hot and has 104.5 octane ( R+M ) so knocking and pinging are not a problem with higher than normal compression ratios. The higher the CR, the better the fuel mileage and power at all RPM levels. Propane is very widely distributed in North America and the standard automotive grade is HD5. The HD5 grade of propane is the most pure and consistent in the world as used for automotive fuel. It is limited to only 4 to 6 percent butane, unlike the LPG sold in Europe which has butane levels of about 30 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="9688828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688828" title="Capannelle Pass">
Capannelle Pass

The Capannelle Pass is a mountain pass in Italy. It sits at an altitude of 1300 meters above sea level in the Province of L'Aquila in Italy's Abruzzo Region. It is located on the Italian State Highway 80 which passes near the Gran Sasso in the Apennines.
This famous pass probably takes its name from the small pastoral huts ("capannelle") which dot the landscape. They were used in times past by the local shepherds during the transumanza for protection from the elements, especially the rain and snow showers which can unexpectedly arise in the area.
The Capannelle Pass is an important transportation point linking the Province of Teramo with the Province of L'Aquila. The area is well known for hosting the Grand Highway of the Gran Sasso and Monti della Laga National Park, a touristic biway running through the heart of the national park between Montorio al Vomano ad Amiternum.
Brigands.
Although covered with snow in the winter and barely accessible at other times of the year, the Capanelle Pass in days past served as the only practical way to travel from one side of the Gran Sasso to the other. The pass became a favorite place for local brigands to attack hapless groups of travelers. Notorious for his bloody deeds was the infamous Giuseppe Palombieri. Palombieri was finally captured by Chiaffredo Bergia, a carabiniere (member of the Italian national police force) who had gained bragging rights for having put another brigand, Andrea Andreani, behind bars. 
During the struggle to subdue Palombieri which took place near the Italian village of Campotosto shots were fired and Bergia was wounded. Bergia's persistence was rewarded, however, and he was eventually able to prevail over his erstwhile rival. Palombieri was found to be carrying a document which he had written imploring his co-conspirators to carry out a vendetta aimed at the residents and mayor of nearby Fano Adriano. In recognition of his bravery, Bergia was awarded a silver medal and promoted to the rank of brigadier.
Visit by bicycle.
The Capannelle Pass features gentle slopes in the direction of Teramo to the west and more difficult climbs in the direction of L'Aquila to the west. The Giro d'Italia has been staged in this area on several occasions. Nearby destinations include Lake Campotosto and Campo Imperatore.

</doc>
<doc id="9688837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688837" title="Viscount (musical instrument manufacturer)">
Viscount (musical instrument manufacturer)

Viscount International SpA (Viscount) is a musical instrument manufacturer based in Mondaino, Italy. The brand Viscount was registered in 1969 by Marcello Galanti, but the company was established in the late 19th century by his forefather Antonio Galanti. After 1969 Viscount’s primary focus has been on classic organs and digital pianos. Several alternative brands were formed in the 2000s to aim at expanding into other markets: VERSE and Voice Systems, respectively, for the high and low-end Pro-Audio markets and Physis for digital organs using Viscount’s physical modeling technology. The company also used the Oberheim brand for several years, to market vintage organs, synthesizers and guitar effects. Currently, Viscount’s manufacturing and R&D activity is based in Italy. The company has been continuously owned by the Galanti family since its inception.
History.
Twentieth century.
The company history begins in the late 19th century when Antonio Galanti, musician and craftsman, founded a small accordion production facility in Mondaino, Italy. This became a family business and in subsequent years was enlarged: in 1917 the first Galanti factory was established in Mondaino and afterwards the activity was inherited by his son Egidio. Along with the accordions, many guitars were produced under the Galanti Electro Music brand. Between 1910 and 1920 Domenico, Egidio and Robusto moved to the USA to import accordions to the Americas. During these years some patents were issued in the USA. After 1955 the Galanti brothers returned to Italy to establish their business back in their homeland. With the times changing, the production shifted to new instruments and in 1959 one of Egidio's sons, Marcello, began the production of electronic instruments, starting, in 1969 his own business called Intercontinental Electronics SpA and the Viscount brand name, mainly devoted to electronic organs. As is the case with most of the musical instrument manufacturers of the central Adriatic coast, such as Eko, Farfisa, FBT, the production included a wide variety of instruments through the years - such as electric guitars, home organs, accordions, synthesizers and loudspeakers.
Today.
In 1999, Marcello Galanti died, leaving his business to his son Mauro and daughter Loriana, who renewed the product catalogue and expanded their R&D personnel including a new R&D Lab based in Ancona, Italy. During these years Viscount used the Oberheim brand to market new products: the MC master keyboard series, the OB-12 digital synthesizer and the OB-3 vintage organ line (now called DB organs and marketed directly under the Viscount brand) and the GM-1000 guitar processor. New digital pianos were also introduced using the brand Galileo. At the same time, the business over the past two decades has been focused primarily on classic organs. In 2007 Viscount launched a new series of digital amplified loudspeakers, under the VERSE brand, developed by a new R&D team, with the D:SIDER line being the higher-end products and embedding together a class D digital amplifier, a DSP and a remote control system. In 2008 Viscount gave birth to a new brand, Physis, for the production of a new generation of classic organs, based on a new sound synthesis technology, physical modeling, patented in Italy and other countries. This synthesis technology, although common for the emulation of other musical instruments (such as guitars and brass instruments) is at the time of writing the only known implementation for the emulation of organ pipes.
Products.
Discontinued products.
Most notable instruments among the first half of 20th century are:
More recently, notable discontinued products are:
Recent products.
The company started producing electric organs (home-organs, neon tonewheel organs, church organs, etc.) since the late 1960s. Many of these organs were marketed in the USA and UK with different brands, such as Baldwin, Vox and Fujiha. In the 2000s the company launched new products and brands and developed new technologies, some of which are covered by patents. Some of these products are:
Physis.
Physis refers to the physical modeling technology developed by Viscount. Two series of organs have been produced with Physis technology at the time of this writing: Unico and Unico CL. The latter being a stripped-down version of the former. Unico organs are based only on physical modeling synthesis, hence they no longer use sampling technology, currently the most common synthesis technology for musical instruments. Unico organs also feature a Linux-powered core controller, hence it is capable of managing USB devices such as USB sticks, and several DSPs for the sound synthesis.
With these new products, Viscount seems to have gained back some popularity in the USA, after a demo tour featuring Cameron Carpenter as a player.
VERSE.
VERSE is a trademark used by Viscount to market a series of loudspeakers meant for sound reinforcement in big halls, theaters, live stages and so on. All VERSE speakers are equipped with an onboard digital amplifier and a DSP. They also feature a remote connection system based on RS-485 meant to create a daisy-chain network to control and set up the speakers. A PC editor software, called D:SP, is needed in order to control the speakers and adjust their parameters.
Current VERSE products are:
Voice Systems.
Voice Systems was the first of the aforementioned brands to be created, in 2000, and sells products for the low-end market, specifically: small live gigs, light sound reinforcement systems for speeches or small venues. Under this brand many unique products were or are sold: tiny mixers, such as Micropad, quarter-rack reverb units, 8-channel digital mixers, compact all-in-one systems (e.g. Factotum).

</doc>
<doc id="9688855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688855" title="Ikuta Atsumori">
Ikuta Atsumori

Ikuta Atsumori (生田敦盛), sometimes known simply as "Ikuta", is one of many Noh plays derived from the story of Taira no Atsumori, a young Taira clan samurai who was killed in the 1184 battle of Ichi-no-Tani. Taking place largely at Ikuta Shrine, near the scene of the battle, it centers on Atsumori's fictional son, who seeks to meet his father's ghost.
Plot summary.
A monk opens the play, introducing himself as a disciple of famous priest Hōnen Shōnin, and explaining how Hōnen once found a baby boy in a box at the Kamo Shrine in Kyoto. The monk says that Hōnen raised the boy, and, that many years later, a young woman came forth revealing herself to be the boy's mother, and explaining that his father was Taira no Atsumori. As the boy now longed to see his father's face, Hōnen suggested that he should go to Kamo and pray there for a week.
The monk concludes his introduction by explaining that this is the last day of that week, and that he has come with the boy to Kamo once again, to pray. The boy then tells the monk that he had a dream while praying, in which a voice told him to go to Ikuta Shrine in order to see his father.
Traveling to Ikuta, the pair come upon a small hut, where they decide to ask to spend the night. The man in the hut explains that he is the ghost of Atsumori. Through the intervention of the Kamo kami, Atsumori explains, he has been granted by Yama, the lord of death, a brief opportunity to appear here in the mortal world, to meet his son. He regales his son with the tale of the battle of Ichi-no-tani, in which he was killed. A messenger of Yama then appears, and takes Atsumori with him, back to the realm of the "shura", the hell of constant battle.
Taira no Atsumori.
Atsumori is a complex character. He is a great warrior from the Taira family but he also shows a sensitive side with his son. His philosophy on life also seems to contrast during the story. Before the meeting of father and son, Atsumori recites the five attributes of "beauty, perception, knowledge, motion, consciousness". He talks about how the body is weak and it is the soul that guards it from corruption. Yet, when he meets his son, he suddenly becomes concerned about the ratty garments he wears. The idea being that someone who comes from the Taira line should have a better presentation. When talking to his son, he has great pride in telling the story of the Taira family at its peak. As soon as he speaks of the downfall of the great Taira family, he is called back to Hell and just like the Taira family, he fades away.
Subtext of play.
The play expresses the pain in loss of war. When the late father Atsumori, describes his son, he talks about him with such joy. He uses simele to compare his son to a flower. He compares his son to an earthly object in order to allow audiences to feel privileged that they lived in a generation in which they could feel grateful that they weren't in war. 
The play also goes on to detail Atsumori's decent, after being briefly reconnected with his son, back into the realm of Shuma, a realm of constant battle. This further warns against the consequence and sadness of war.
Filial Piety.
Filial piety is a main theme in this story. Even though Atusmori and his son had never met, they were brought together by a deep spiritual connection. The boy’s prayers and longing for his father was so powerful that the gods allowed Atsumori to briefly leave Hell and meet his son. The following excerpt really describes the instant connection between father and son during their meeting:<br>
And lightly he ran,<br>
Plucked at the warrior’s sleeve,<br>
And though his tears might seem like the long woe<br>
Of nightingales that weep,<br>
Yet were they tears of meeting-joy,<br>
Or happiness too great for human heart.

</doc>
<doc id="9688868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688868" title="2005 Wizard Home Loans Cup">
2005 Wizard Home Loans Cup

The 2005 Wizard Home Loans Cup was the name of the AFL pre-season competition for 2005. The attendance for all matches was 317,761, with an average attendance of 21,184 per game. The Michael Tuck medal (awarded to the best & fairest in the pre-season final) was awarded to Brendan Fevola of the Carlton Football Club. Carlton defeated the West Coast Eagles in the final 1.14.18 (111) to 1.11.9 (84). Carlton went on to receive the wooden spoon in the regular home-and-away season.
Goal tally.
"This table shows how many goals the two grand finalists have scored throughout the entire pre-season competition. The host of the grand final is determined on how many goals a winning semi finalists kicks over the three weeks they've been in the competition for."
Final Placings.
1. Carlton <br>
2. West Coast <br>
3. Western Bulldogs <br>
4. North Melbourne <br>
5. Melbourne <br> 
6. St. Kilda <br> 
7. Port Adelaide <br> 
8. Collingwood <br>
9. Richmond <br>
10. Fremantle <br>
11. Hawthorn <br>
12. Adelaide <br>
13. Sydney <br>
14. Essendon <br>
15. Brisbane <br>
16. Geelong <br>

</doc>
<doc id="9688870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688870" title="Cruijff Turn">
Cruijff Turn

The Cruijff Turn (also spelled Cruyff Turn outside the Netherlands) is an evasive football move that was perfected by and named after Dutch footballer Johan Cruijff. To do this move, Cruijff would look to pass or cross the ball. Instead of kicking it, he would drag the ball behind his planted foot with the inside of his other foot, turn through 180 degrees, and accelerate away outside the defender. The trick was famously created by Cruijff in the 1974 FIFA World Cup, first being seen in the Netherlands' match against Sweden where he outwitted Swedish defender Jan Olsson. The move was soon widely copied by other players around the world. It remains one of the most commonly used dribbling tricks in the modern game. 

</doc>
<doc id="9688871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688871" title="Southeast Guilford High School">
Southeast Guilford High School

Southeast Guilford High School is located in the southeast Guilford County, off U.S. Route 421. Southeast High School is part of the Guilford County School System. Southeast High School is located near Forest Oaks Country Club, former site of the Wyndham Championship.
The campus consists of two main buildings and numerous mobile units for classrooms, including a new cafeteria. The school also has a football stadium, marching field, baseball field, track, and a weight room.
Southeast accommodates about 1,400 students. The state's schools average about 989 students, and schools in the Guilford County School District (GCSD) average to 911 students. Southeast Guilford falls below the other enrollment percentages of other schools for Advanced Placement (AP) classes in the district by 2%, but exceeds the state enrollment by 1% (5% enrollment for SEHS, 7% GCSD, 4% NC). Southeast also has a 15% enrollment in College Technical Prep courses, while GCSD has 13% of their students enrolled, and North Carolina has approximately 16% enrollment.
The school recently broke ground on a new addition to the school buildings. The new construction will add 13 classrooms, a new Media Center, an additional gym, and new science labs.
Programs.
Sports Teams.
Boys&Girls:
Boys:
Girls:

</doc>
<doc id="9688889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688889" title="Daniel House">
Daniel House

Daniel House (born August 8, 1961) is a business owner/entrepreneur and musician best known for his contribution to the Seattle “grunge” music movement of the 1980s and ‘90s. He was a co-founder and bass-player for Skin Yard, a band that was active from 1985 to 1992, and was President and owner of C/Z Records, a Seattle-based independent record label that released music by many bands including 7 Year Bitch, Built to Spill, Coffin Break, Engine Kid, The Gits, Hammerbox, Love Battery, The Melvins, The Presidents of the United States of America, Silkworm, and Skin Yard. In 2003 he moved from Seattle to Los Angeles where he oversaw the development and creation of the now-defunct www.DownloadPunk.com as well as the music-centric online dating website, RocknRollDating.com.
Musical career.
House’s first band was the little-known Seattle band Death of Marat, named after a painting by Jacques-Louis David depicting the assassination of radical journalist Jean-Paul Marat during the French Revolution. The band lasted for a little over a year, starting in 1982 and breaking up in late 1983.
In 1984 House formed an instrumental prog-rock three-piece band called feeDBack with Matt Cameron on Drums and a guitarist named “Nerm” (real name Tom Herring). feeDBack lasted only 10 months but managed to record 9 songs on a 4-track recorder that Cameron owned. The songs have subsequently been remixed and mastered by Jack Endino, but have never been released.
Shortly after forming feeDBack, House was recruited to play bass in 10 Minute Warning (TWM), replacing the recently departed David Garrigues. TWM was unique at the time in that they originated as a punk band, but had evolved into something slower, heavier and with psychedelic overtones. TMW are popularly regarded as one of the very first progenitors of the grunge movement. 10 Minute Warning broke up at the end of 1984 after guitarist Paul Solger quit, and drummer Greg Gilmore left Seattle to join former 10 Minute Warning guitarist Duff McKagan in Los Angeles.
Skin Yard.
In 1985 House envisioned a new band, one that would draw from elements of both feeDBack and Ten Minute Warning. He sought out Jack Endino whom he met through Nerm based on a tape that Endino had shared at a feeDBack rehearsal, and proposed his idea for his next band. They recruited Matt Cameron and began writing songs while looking for a singer. Eventually finding Ben McMillan to take on vocal duties, they named the new band Skin Yard.
On June 7, 1985 Skin Yard played their first show opening for the U-Men. Skin Yard’s music was first released on the "Deep Six" compilation album which also featured tracks by Soundgarden, The Melvins, U-Men, Green River and Malfunkshun. Between 1987 and 1991, Skin Yard released 4 full-length records and embarked on several national and regional tours up and down the west coast. House quit Skin Yard in 1991 and has not actively played in a band since.
Later career.
In 1988 House co-wrote and recorded "The Last Laugh", Helios Creed’s first for Amphetamine Reptile Records with Jason Finn on drums.
In 1989, House was the drummer for Seattle band, Yeast, who released one 7" single ("Crisco Wristwatch") and a track on "Teriyaki Asthma Vol. I" which also included tracks from Nirvana, Helios Creed and Coffin Break. The other members of Yeast were Milton Garrison from Vexed and Al Thompkins from Daddy Hate Box. Yeast highlights included sharing the bill once with Soundgarden and once with Tad.
In 1993 House played one show with the band Pretty Mary Sunshine (opening for Red House Painters) while bass player Joe Skyward was in Europe playing with The Posies. Pretty Mary Sunshine asked House to become their permanent bass-player, but he declined. That was the last time House performed on stage.
As Record Label Owner.
Daniel House purchased the rights and ownership of fledgling Seattle-based label C/Z Records from Chris Hanzsek in 1986. Initially House intended the label as a vehicle to release music by Skin Yard, his band at the time. Skin Yard’s only previously released material was on C/Z’s "Deep Six" compilation, and House wanted to maintain the ongoing sales efforts for the remaining LPs still in stock.
House continued to release records by other bands in the Seattle area, while working at a series of jobs, eventually working as Director of Sales and Distribution for Sub Pop Records in 1988. House left Sub Pop in 1991 in an effort to make C/Z a viable business. Over the next several years C/Z grew into an independent label with national recognition releasing material from 7 Year Bitch, Treepeople, Coffin Break, Engine Kid, Hammerbox, Built to Spill, The Gits, Love Battery, Silkworm and Monks of Doom.
At its peak, C/Z employed 13 people and was a full-service label with distribution in North America, Europe and Australia. In 1993, C/Z entered into a production and distribution deal with Sony-owned RED Distribution. By 1994, that deal had drained C/Z of all its financial resources and effectively shut C/Z down, leaving House deep in debt. In 1996 the BMG-owned Zoo Entertainment partnered with C/Z for a third-party venture deal which helped to resolve the debt incurred during the RED Distribution deal. Zoo provided a modest operating and recording budget and assisted in the development of new artists.
That same year, House appeared in the 1996 grunge documentary "Hype!", the footage of which had actually been shot in 1992-1993.
In 1997 Zoo was purchased and all third party ventures were dropped. C/Z would then be turned back to a part-time venture with House looking towards new opportunities that would still keep him involved in music. The shift would move him towards Internet-based music and entertainment ventures. In 1998, House began working in the music department at streaming media pioneer RealNetworks as an editor for their online content portal, the RealGuide.
Personal life.
In 2003, House moved to Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="9688910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688910" title="Teip Ltd.">
Teip Ltd.

Teip (pronounced TAPE) is the name of a film and commercial production company located in Stavanger, Norway. The company was founded in 2006. The CEO of Teip is Lars Aage Wessel.
Teip has made music videos, infomercials, commercials and corporate presentations. At the moment, Teip is working on a children's 3D animated TV-series about the Sami people. The series is directed by Hanne Buljo, produced by Lars Aage Wessel, and the 3D animation and modelling is supervised by Geert-Jan Nilsen.
Teip Ltd was established in the Norwegian house of Records in 2006. As of February 21. 2007, was Teip Ltd qualified in the Achilles Joint Qualification System, a Norwegian prequalification system for the major offshore related companies, as Statoil, Royal Dutch Shell, ConocoPhillips, Halliburton and more.

</doc>
<doc id="9688912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688912" title="John Lyttelton, 9th Viscount Cobham">
John Lyttelton, 9th Viscount Cobham

John Cavendish Lyttelton, 9th Viscount Cobham (23 October 1881 – 31 July 1949), was a British peer, soldier and Conservative politician.
Biography.
Cobham was the eldest son of Charles Lyttelton, 8th Viscount Cobham, and the Hon. Mary Susan Caroline Cavendish, daughter of William Cavendish, 2nd Baron Chesham. Alfred Lyttelton was his uncle. He was educated at Eton. Like his father and his uncle, Cobham was a successful cricketer. He represented Worcestershire County Cricket Club in three first-class matches during 1924-5. He was President of Marylebone Cricket Club in 1935, again emulating his father and uncle. He served with the Rifle Brigade in the Second Boer War and from 1905 to 1908 he was Aide-de-Camp to the High Commissioner to South Africa.
Cobham was elected to the House of Commons for Droitwich in the January 1910 general election, a seat he held until 1916. During the First World War he fought at Gallipoli and in Egypt, the Sinai and Palestine, achieving the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. He succeeded his father as ninth Viscount Cobham in 1922 and entered the House of Lords. In 1939 he was appointed Under-Secretary of State for War in the government of Neville Chamberlain, a position he retained until May 1940. Apart from his political and military career he was also Lord Lieutenant of Worcestershire from 1923 to 1949.
Lord Cobham married Violet, daughter of Charles Leonard, in 1908. He died in July 1949, aged 67, and was succeeded in his titles by his son Charles, who later served as Governor-General of New Zealand. Lady Cobham died in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="9688913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688913" title="Kapustinskii equation">
Kapustinskii equation

The Kapustinskii equation calculates the lattice energy "UL" for an ionic crystal, which is experimentally difficult to determine. It is named after Anatoli Fedorovich Kapustinskii who published the formula in 1956.
The calculated lattice energy gives a good estimation; the real value differs in most cases by less than 5%. 
Furthermore, one is able to determine the ionic radii using the Kapustinskii equation when the lattice energy is known. This is useful for rather complex ions like sulfate (SO) or phosphate (PO).

</doc>
<doc id="9688917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688917" title="Go Too Far">
Go Too Far

"Go Too Far" is a song by American rapper Jibbs. It is released on January 13, 2007, as the third single from his debut studio album "Jibbs Featuring Jibbs". The song samples Janet Jackson's "Let's Wait Awhile" and features former The Pussycat Dolls member Melody Thornton. The song was written by Jackson, Melanie Andrews, and Terry Lewis.
Critical reception.
"Go Too Far" received generally positive reception from music critics. David Jeffries of Allmusic described it as "sugary sweet", and the song is considered one of the a highlights of the album. Chuck Campbell of "Scripps Howard News Service" called the song "wimpy".
Music video.
The music video was directed by Meiert Avis and shows Jibbs and Melody Thornton having a day out in Venice Beach. Former Girlicious member Tiffanie Anderson makes an appearance in the video.

</doc>
<doc id="9688923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688923" title="Grace de Laguna">
Grace de Laguna

Grace de Laguna (1878–1978) was an American philosopher who taught at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania.
Grace Mead Andrus, as she was born, was of Connecticut ancestry, her father Wallace R. Andrus, having served in the 17th Connecticut Volunteers in the Civil War; he was later a land agent for the Northern Pacific Railway. Her mother was Annis Mead. She was raised in the Oregon Territory.
She attended the Sage School of Philosophy at Cornell University, where she received her Ph.D. and met Theodore de Laguna, an instructor there, whom she married.
Grace and Theodore both taught philosophy for many years at Bryn Mawr, starting in 1907. She became chair of philosophy at Bryn Mawr after Theodore's death in 1930.
In the 1940s, she accompanied her daughter, the anthropologist Frederica de Laguna, on anthropological field trips in Arizona and among the Salish people of the Pacific Northwest.

</doc>
<doc id="9688934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688934" title="Mohan Samant">
Mohan Samant

Mohan B. Samant (1924 – January 22, 2004) was an Indian painter who spent most of his working life in New York. He trained at the Sir J. J. School of Art and was a member of the Bombay Progressive Artists' Group from 1950, moving permanently to America in the 1960s. 
Samant was once named as being among the "hundred leading artists in the world today" (actually a list of 102 names) in a 1963 project commissioned by Lord Beaverbrook and reported in "Time" magazine.
His work is included in prestigious collections such as the Smithsonian Institution.

</doc>
<doc id="9688941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688941" title="Basic (Robert Quine and Fred Maher album)">
Basic (Robert Quine and Fred Maher album)

Basic is a 1984 instrumental album by guitarist Robert Quine and drummer Fred Maher.

</doc>
<doc id="9688951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688951" title="Tax shield">
Tax shield

A tax shield is the reduction in income taxes that results from taking an allowable deduction from taxable income. For example, because interest on debt is a tax-deductible expense, taking on debt creates a tax shield. Since a tax shield is a way to save cash flows, it increases the value of the business, and it is an important aspect of business valuation.
Example.
Case A.
Consider one unit of investment that costs $1,000 and returns $1,100 at the end of year 1, i.e. a 10% return on investment before taxes. Now assume tax rate of 20%. If an investor pays $1,000 of capital, at the end of the year, he will have ($1,000 return of capital, $100 income and –$20 tax) $1,080. He earned net income of $80, or 8% return on capital. The concept was originally added to the methodology proposed by Merton Miller for the calculation of the weighted average cost of capital of a corporation.
Case B.
Consider the investor has an option to borrow $4,000 at 8% interest rate (same rate of return on capital as in Case A). By borrowing $4,000 in addition to the $1,000 of his initial equity capital, the investor can purchase 5 units of investment. At the end of the year, he will have: ($5,000 return of capital, –$4,000 repayment of debt, $500 revenue, –$320 interest payment, and $(500-320)*20%= $36 tax). Therefore, he is left with $1,144. He earned net income $144, or 14.4%.
The reason that he was able to earn additional income is because the cost of debt (i.e. 8%) is less than the return earned on the investment (i.e. 10%). The 2% difference makes income of $80 and another $100 is made by the return on equity capital. Total income becomes $180 which becomes taxable at 20%.
Value of the Tax Shield.
In most business valuation scenarios, it is assumed that the business will continue forever. Under this assumption, the value of the tax shield is: (interest bearing debt) x (tax rate).
Using the above examples:

</doc>
<doc id="9688955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688955" title="Barbara Seranella">
Barbara Seranella

Barbara Seranella (April 30, 1956 – January 21, 2007) was an American author.
Early life.
Seranella was born in Santa Monica, California and then grew up in Pacific Palisades. She left what could have been an idyllic childhood to run away at 13 to seek adventure. She hitchhiked to San Francisco and joined a hippie commune. While there she learned auto mechanics on the street (she liked to hang out with guys who had cars).
Seranella married Walter Haring in spring of 1982. He was the father of Michera Nicole Colella (DOB March 4, 1982). Seranella raised Michera as her own, often picking up the slack where Michera's biological mother's addiction paired with Walt's psychological instability left Seranella to pick up the pieces. Not wanting to create a wedge between two sisters being raised by a single mother with two different fathers, Seranella made the decision to take in Maryann Colella as well and raise her as her own too, just to avoid the confusion of separating the two girls.
Death.
She had homes in La Quinta and Laguna Beach, California. Seranella died January 21, 2007, in Cleveland Clinic in Cleveland, Ohio. She was waiting for a liver transplant to cure her liver disease.

</doc>
<doc id="9688959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688959" title="Padina">
Padina

Padina may refer to:
Geography.
As a part of the name.
In Romania.
Many rivers ("See also List of rivers of Romania P")

</doc>
<doc id="9688969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688969" title="Ken Patterson">
Ken Patterson

Kenneth Brian Patterson (born July 8, 1964 in Costa Mesa, California), is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1988-1994. Patterson taught private lessons in the Central Texas area from 1998-2004 before beginning his coaching career as a rookie league pitching coach for the Batavia (NY) Muckdogs of the Philadelphia Phillies organization in 2005. He then coached the Arkansas Travelers, a Los Angeles of Anaheim affiliate, from 2006 to 2010. He earned the Texas League Mike Coolbaugh Coach of the Year award in 2009. Ken Patterson is currently a pitching coach for the McLennan Community College Highlanders in Waco, Texas, where he was a member of the 1983 NJCAA National Championship team.

</doc>
<doc id="9688980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688980" title="Charles Fitzgeoffrey">
Charles Fitzgeoffrey

Charles Fitzgeoffrey (1576–1638) was an Elizabethan poet and clergyman.
Early life and education.
Fitzgeoffrey was born in Cornwall, the son of a Protestant clergyman named Alexander Fitzgeoffrey (a surname sometimes spelled Fitzgeffrey), who was Rector of the parish of St Fimbarrus, Fowey. His father died during Charles's childhood, perhaps while he was around eight years old, and his mother then married into the distinguished Mohun family, which gave her son financial and social security. After early schooling under the Rev. Richard Harvey, at seventeen Fitzgeoffrey went up to Oxford University, matriculating at Broadgates Hall on 3 July 1593. Fitzgeoffrey was admitted B.A. in 1597 and M.A. in 1600, but had apparently left Oxford by 1599. It is not immediately clear where he went or what he did, though verses in "Affaniae" make reference to a time spent in Wiltshire, where he had relatives named Bellott; and also to a severe illness which he suffered about this period. Elsewhere in his verse Fitzgeoffrey also alludes to a disability: he had the sight of only one eye.
Writings.
Fitzgeoffrey was only twenty and still at Oxford when he produced "Sir Francis Drake, His Honorable life's commendation, and his Tragical Deathes Lamentation",(1596) which was popular enough to go through a second printing. Fitzgeoffrey is mentioned by Francis Meres in his 1598 survey of contemporary English literature, "Palladis Tamia", where he is admiringly described as "that high touring Falcon" for the epic quality of his verse and his patriotic choice of subject. "Drake" extolled the exploits of Fitzgeoffrey's fellow West Countryman, the recently deceased sailor Sir Francis Drake, and other English seafaring heroes.
Of more interest to later literary historians are the kind of chatty Latin epigrams at which Fitzgeoffrey excelled, and which he eventually collected and published as "Affaniae". '"Affaniae" is a non-classical Latin word meaning "trivial, trashy talk", and the epigrams in Fitzgeoffrey's book, generally light in tone, refer to a wide range of his neighbours in Cornwall, friends in Oxford and contemporary writers whose work he admired. It is this abundance of references to Elizabethan writers which chiefly makes his work interesting today. Significant authors he namechecks include Thomas Nashe, Ben Jonson, Michael Drayton, Edmund Spenser, Sir Philip Sidney, George Chapman, William Camden, Barnabe Barnes, John Marston, Joseph Hall and Mary Sidney. Other epigrams suggest the young Fitzgeoffrey was as interested in the work of Continental humanist authors as he was in native English writers.
He also includes epitaphs on contemporaries, and his verse on the satirist Thomas Nashe illustrates why Fitzgeoffrey is so valued as a source of literary and cultural history. His poem is the first contemporary reference to the death of Nashe, which was otherwise unrecorded: it indicates Nashe's work had been officially banned from publication at the time he died: and it gives an insight into how the author was viewed by his contemporaries, saluting both his irrepressible verve and combative nature.
Later life.
Shortly after leaving university Fitzgeoffrey must have taken holy orders, because in 1603 the father of one of his Oxford friends presented him with the living of St Dominick's at Halton, Cornwall. Financially secure and living close to the homes of good friends who shared his cultural interests, Fitzgeoffrey settled down. He must also have married, though his wife's name has not survived, as two years before his death the living was presented to his eldest son John. Later in life Fitzgeoffrey published some of his sermons and also produced a final book of English poetry on the subject of Christ's nativity, "The Blessed Birth-Day". A letter of his describing a violent storm which hit Fowey, damaging the church tower, also survives. Conventionally for the period Fitzgeoffrey interprets the storm providentially as a "warning piece from Heaven", but was somewhat troubled to find the only person injured in it was a maidservant who, he is at pains to point out, he has known "for this seven years... to be of sober, modest, religious conversation".
Charles Fitzgeoffrey died on 24 February 1638 and was buried under the communion table of his church.

</doc>
<doc id="9688991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688991" title="Padina (Belgrade)">
Padina (Belgrade)

Padina (Serbian Cyrillic: Падина) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Zvezdara.
Padina is located in the south-western section of the municipality, right on the border of the municipality of Voždovac, on the northern slope of the 234 metres-high hill of "Mokroluško brdo", thus the name (Serbian "padina", slope). It is a residential area on the edge of the city, spreading from the central street of the same name ("Padina"). It borders the neighborhoods of Medaković III on the north, Braće Jerković on the west while on the south-east, through the street of "Cvetanova ćuprija":sh:Cvetanova ćuprija (ulica u Beogradu), it extends to the neighborhood of Veliki Mokri Lug. The neighborhood originates from the late 1980s and today has some 400 houses with 2,000 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="9688993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9688993" title="Centre d'étude des supports de publicité">
Centre d'étude des supports de publicité

The Centre d'étude des supports de publicité (CESP) is a non-profit association of media and communications services in France.
Activity : Association interprofessionnelle chargée de l'audit des études d'audience médias en France
Headquarters : 136 Boulevard Haussmann
75008 PARIS
Web site : www.cesp.org
Tel. : 01 42 89 12 26
Fax : 01 42 89 12 25
Presentation.
Founded in 1957, CESP is an interprofessionnal association who gathers the whole of the actors of the advertising market 
concerned with the study of the audience of the media: advertisers, agencies and councils media, central merchandizings of space, advertising media and controls.
It is a formation, information, resource centre for professionals.
Its missions are: "To ensure the audit and the labelisation of the studies and research on media like their audiences."
It is a place of meetings, exchanges, of discussion on questions of audience and with its measurement.
It brings its expertise both to France and to international on work concerning the media, on new tools and techniques.
At an international level, they are member of several organizations :

</doc>
<doc id="9689003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689003" title="CESP">
CESP

CESP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9689005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689005" title="Caoimhe">
Caoimhe

Caoimhe ( or ; ), anglicised Kiva, Keva or Keeva, is an Irish language feminine given name derived from Gaelic "caomh" meaning "beautiful", "gentle" or "precious". , it was ranked 24th among female births in Ireland. Pronunciation of Caoimhe varies depending on the area of Ireland in which it is used. It comes from the same root as the name Kevin.

</doc>
<doc id="9689006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689006" title="Triplet lens">
Triplet lens

A triplet lens is an optical device consisting of three single lenses. The triplet design is the simplest to give the required number of degrees of freedom to allow the lens designer to overcome all Seidel aberrations. 
The term is used in two ways. The three lenses may be cemented together, as in the "Steinheil triplet". Or a triplet may be designed with three spaced glasses, e.g. the Cooke triplet. The former has the advantage of higher optical throughput due to fewer air-glass interfaces, but the latter provides greater flexibility in aberration control, as the internal surfaces are not confined to have the same radii of curvature.

</doc>
<doc id="9689011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689011" title="Case Stated">
Case Stated

In law, a case stated is a procedure by which a court or tribunal can ask another court for its opinion on a point of law. There are two kinds: consultative case stated and appeal by way of case stated. A consultative case stated is made at the discretion of a judge before he or she determines the case before the court. An appeal by way of case stated is made at the request of a party to the proceedings to the judge after the conclusion of a case.
On the hearing of a case stated the higher court is restricted to consideration of the law alone and is required to accept the statement of facts submitted to it by the lower court.
If the application is granted, the matter is referred to the higher court. This usually takes the form "were we/was I correct to..." and then the specified aspect of law to which the appeal relates. If the application to state a case is refused the applicant could seek redress by judicial review. The High Court will determine whether or not the law was correctly applied. If the appeal is upheld, the High Court will refer the case back to the appropriate magistrates' court with directions to correct its decision. Otherwise, the appeal would be dismissed.

</doc>
<doc id="9689025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689025" title="Paul Reuschel">
Paul Reuschel

Paul Richard Reuschel (born January 12, 1947) is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball from 1975 to 1979.
Reuschel began his professional career when he was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the fourth round of the 1968 amateur draft. On August 21, 1975, he and brother Rick became, as of the end of the 2010 season, the only siblings to combine to pitch a shutout. Rick started a game for the Cubs and pitched 6.1 innings against the Los Angeles Dodgers. Paul pitched the final 2.2 innings for the Cubs' 7–0 win.

</doc>
<doc id="9689028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689028" title="Feelin' Kinda Patton">
Feelin' Kinda Patton

"Feelin' Kinda Patton" is stand-up comedian Patton Oswalt's first comedy album. It is a recording of a performance at the 40 Watt Club in Athens, Georgia. "Feelin' Kinda Patton" is an edited version of the previously released, "222". A limited vinyl edition of this album was issued in May 2008 by Stand Up! Records and features a cover with cut out playset and characters from the album by Mike 2600.

</doc>
<doc id="9689031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689031" title="Charly Loubet">
Charly Loubet

Charly Loubet, (born 26 January 1945, in Grasse, France) is a retired French international footballer who played as striker.In 1962, he became the youngest professional football player in France by signing with AS Cannes.Then, he played all his career in France, playing for Stade Français, OGC Nice, Olympique Marseille, OGC Nice before coming back to AS Cannes, where he became coach.He was the striker of France in the 1970s, scoring 10 goals for 36 caps.

</doc>
<doc id="9689032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689032" title="Winged Pharaoh">
Winged Pharaoh

Winged Pharaoh is a novel by Joan Grant first published in 1937. Grant attributed the source of her information in this novel to her "Far Memory" extrasensory abilities, particularly the ability to remember her own past lives.
The story is narrated by Sekhet-a-Ra, familiarly known as Sekeeta. Most of the story takes place in the city of 'Me'n-atetiss', Memphis, Egypt, founded by Sekeeta's ancestor 'Meniss' (Menes). In the course of the narrative she becomes co-Pharaoh with her brother Neyah during the First Dynasty of Ancient Egypt. The narrative follows her life and training in the arts of war, statecraft, and metaphysics. All members of the royal family are routinely trained in the use of extrasensory abilities and taught a doctrine of esoteric discipline, reincarnation and karma. In the course of the story, she has an affair with a man named Dio from Minoas, and gives birth to a daughter she names Tchekeea, who becomes the fourth king of the First Dynasty, Den. Sekeeta rides a chariot into battle and engages in hand-to-hand combat to defend Egypt from invasion by the people of 'Zuma' (Sumer, which we are told is the land of the forerunners of the Babylonians), at the 'Amphitheatre of Grain', now the site of Tell el-Amarna. Sekeeta lives to an advanced age, dies, and is buried in Abidwa, the modern Abydos, Egypt. The name on her tomb is Meri-Nyet, her "priest name" which might be more properly rendered as Merneith.

</doc>
<doc id="9689035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689035" title="Thorton">
Thorton

Thorton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9689040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689040" title="Devorah Sperber">
Devorah Sperber

Devorah Sperber is an American installation artist known for creating works out of spools of thread, chenille pipe cleaners and map tacks that act as optical illusions.Some of her work has involved using thousands of spools of thread to create pixilated versions of iconic works of art by famous artists. Her naming scheme for these works generally follows the format "After /". For example, her creation of the "Mona Lisa" using spools of thread is titled "After The Mona Lisa 2".
The spools are hung in long, adjacent columns to create a pointillist, inverted abstraction of a famous painting. When viewed by the naked eye, they are barely recognizable. When viewed through an optical device, usually a "viewing sphere" (a transparent sphere the size of a baseball) placed several feet in front of the spools), the abstractions are inverted and shrunk into a remarkably detailed and faithful image of the original painting. The resulting image is usually distorted the way objects are distorted when viewed through a fisheye lens: objects in the center are larger than they appear, and objects in the periphery are smaller than they appear. The horizon of the image viewed through the viewing sphere also bend and curve, depending on the viewer's perspective. Sperber has wittily used the fish eye; in her rendering of the Mona Lisa, the Mona Lisa's "elusive smile appears, changes, and disappears in a dramatic and humorous fashion". 
Sperber exhibited at the Brooklyn Museum from January 26 to June 17, 2007 and at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="9689053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689053" title="Karnataka Forum for Dignity">
Karnataka Forum for Dignity

Karnataka Forum for Dignity (KFD) is a Muslim organization in Karnataka, India, working on issues related to minorities communities in Karnataka, and was formed in the year 2001.
Official site:
www.popularfrontindia.com
Karnataka Forum for Dignity has been merged with MNP(Tamil Nadu) and NDF (kerala) and has become Popular Front of India in 2008 after empower India conference at Bangalore in 2008,
KFD doesnot exist now..
References.
www.popularfrontindia.com

</doc>
<doc id="9689056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689056" title="Corbières AOC">
Corbières AOC

Corbières is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) for wine in the Languedoc-Roussillon, and it is this region's largest AOC, responsible for 46 per cent of the region's AOC wine production in 2005. Red wine dominates the production in Corbières with almost 95 per cent, with 3.5 per cent rosé wine and 2 per cent white wine making up the balance. Carignan is the most common grape variety. The AOC was created in 1985, covers of vineyards and produces an average of 554 000 hectoliter of wine per year, corresponding to 74 million bottles.
Due to its size and geography, Corbières encompasses an enormous variety of soil types and microclimates. The wines from the region tend to be just as varied as the "terroir". The region also experiences widely varied winds. The dry, Atlantic vent Cers frequently brings cold weather from the northwest while the area is normally under the influence of the warm, Mediterranean vent Marin.
Geographical division.
The Corbières AOC consists of 11 "terroirs":
Boutenac was elevated to its own AOC under the designation Corbières-Boutenac in 2005.
List of the communes within the AOC area:
Appellation regulations.
A large number of varieties are allowed in Corbières wine, but regulations restrict the proportions planted in the vineyards and (separately) in the wine. The authorised grape varieties are indicated below. Principal or main grape varieties for the respective colour are incated by "X" and secondary or subsidiary varieties by "(X)".
For "red wines", a minimum of two grape varieties must be grown. Grenache, Lledoner Pelut, Mourvèdre and Syrah (the main grape varieties with the exception of Carignan) must together make up at least 50 per cent of the vineyard plantings. Carignan, Picquepoul noir, and Terret noir can together not make up more than 50 per cent of the plantings. A maximum of 20 per cent Cinsaut and a maximum of 10 per cent Grenache gris is allowed.
For "rosé wines", a minimum of two grape varieties must be grown. Grenache, Lledoner Pelut, Mourvèdre, Picquepoul noir and Syrah must together make up at least 25 per cent of the plantings. A maximum of 75 per cent Cinsaut is allowed. Carignan, Grenache gris and Terret noir can together not make up more than 50 per cent of the plantings. A maximum of 10 per cent Grenache gris is allowed. 
For white wines at least 2 grape varieties must also be grown. Secondary varieties may not together make up more than 10 per cent of the plantings. 
But the blend of grapes used in making the wine does not have to match the vineyard planting. For example, red wine must be made from a blend of at least two varieties, of which at least one must be a principal variety. The principal variety/ies must represent at least 40% of the blend. No single variety can make up more than 80% of the wine. The requirements are the same for rosé wine. In the case of white white there must be at least two varieties, with the principal variety/ies making up at least 40% of the blend, but there is no maximum percentage for a single variety.

</doc>
<doc id="9689061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689061" title="Esther Kellner">
Esther Kellner

Esther Kellner (1908 - 1998) was an author, animal lover, and director of Wayne County, Indiana Civil Defense.
She was born in New Lisbon, Indiana and graduated from Morton High School in Richmond, Indiana in 1926. She began her writing career at age 20 as editor of a children's magazine, "Play Mate".
She became involved with the Wayne County Civil Defense in 1965 while writing her book, "The Long Silence", about the fire that destroyed the switch office of the local phone company and left the area without phone service for several months. Another noted book, "Death in a Sunny Street", chronicled the 1968 Richmond, Indiana explosion that destroyed several downtown blocks and killed 41 people.
She wrote seventeen books, both fiction and nonfiction, including: "The Devil and Aunt Serena", "Moonshine: Its History and Folklore", and "The Background of the Old Testament".
Known as a friend to lost and injured animals , she also wrote "Animals Come to My House: A Story Guide to the Care of Small Wild Animals".
Published works.
Fiction
Non-Fiction

</doc>
<doc id="9689063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689063" title="Lac d'Emosson">
Lac d'Emosson

Lac d'Emosson is a reservoir in the canton of Valais, Switzerland. It is located in the municipalities of Salvan and Finhaut. The closest major city in Switzerland is Martigny. The lake has a surface area of 3.27 km² and an elevation of 1,930 m. The maximum depth is 161 m. The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation. Water from the reservoir first powers the 189 MW Vallorcine Power Station downstream and just over the border in Châtelard, France. Water is then sent through a headrace tunnel to the 162 MW La Bâtiaz Power Station, to the east in Martigny, Switzerland. The drop between the dam and La Bâtiaz Power Station is .
The first dam of Emosson (also known as Barberine Dam) was built in 1925. The current dam with a height of 180 m was constructed between 1969 and August 1973 and floods the old dam. The reservoir was fully impounded on 10 September 1975, it increased the reservoir's volume from 40 million m³ to 227 million m³. The old dam can still be seen when the water level in the Lac d'Emosson is very low. 
In 1955, another dam was built 300m higher above the now existing lake. This lake is now known as the Lac du Vieux Emosson.
To reach the dam a funicular railway is used, which is the steepest 2-cabin funicular railway in the world with a gradient of 87 percent.

</doc>
<doc id="9689088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689088" title="Bobby Hauck">
Bobby Hauck

Robert Lawrence Hauck (born June 14, 1964) is a college football coach and the head coach of the UNLV Rebels. Hauck was previously the head coach at Montana, where he led the Grizzlies to seven conference titles and postseason berths in as many seasons, including three national championship game appearances. In 2013, following three losing seasons at UNLV, Hauck led the Rebels to their first winning season since 2000.
Early days.
Hauck was born in Missoula, Montana, and was schooled at Sweet Grass County High School in Big Timber. His brother Tim was a star defensive back at Montana and went on to play 13 seasons in the NFL. Bobby did his higher studies at the University of Montana (1988) and UCLA (1991). Hauck never played football at the collegiate level, instead competing in track at Montana before getting into coaching.
Early positions.
Hauck served as an assistant under Rick Neuheisel at Washington (1999–2002). Additionally, he coach under Neuheisel at Colorado (1995–98). He also served as an assistant at Northern Arizona (1993–94), UCLA (1990–92), and Montana (1988–89).
Head coaching career.
Montana.
Hauck's first season as head coach of Montana team was in 2003 and over the next seven seasons, the Griz won or shared seven straight Big Sky Conference championships. He is the fourth coach to guide Montana to a national championship game. He took the 2004 team to the NCAA Division I-AA national championship game and the 2006 team to the I-AA semifinals. In 2007, he signed a one-year contract, rejecting a three-year deal that he was offered. Montana lost the national championship game in 2008 and 2009.
UNLV.
Hauck had been rumored as a candidate for the vacant head coaching position at UNLV in December 2009 and interviewed with UNLV's Athletic Director Jim Livengood on December 20, 2009. On December 22, the Las Vegas Sun reported that Hauck would be named UNLV's next head coach after completing a second interview earlier that day. Hauck and UNLV agreed on a three-year contract worth $350,000 annually in base pay. Hauck can also earn up to $150,000 in completion bonuses that are heavy in incentives.
Controversies over student athlete violence.
In 2009, he became the subject of national controversy when he refused to take questions from the school newspaper the "Montana Kaimin" following the paper's story about an alleged assault by two Grizzly football players.
During Hauck's tenure, the "Montana Kaimin" reported 11 separate violent incidents involving Grizzly football players. Charges against student athletes ranged from assault to domestic violence to murder. It is of note that the murder charge resulted in a full acquittal.
Awards.
Hauck was also one of the finalists of the 2006 Eddie Robinson Award.

</doc>
<doc id="9689090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689090" title="William and Mousie Powell Award">
William and Mousie Powell Award

The William and Mousie Powell Award is an award given each year since 1986 by the LPGA Tour to a player who "whose behavior and deeds best exemplifies the spirit, ideals and values of the LPGA." The recipient is selected annually by a vote of LPGA Tour members.
It was established by Mousie Powell, an honorary member and longtime supporter of the LPGA, and named in honor of Powell and her husband, William Powell, a legendary Hollywood actor of the mid-twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="9689114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689114" title="Scott Service">
Scott Service

Scott David Service (born February 26, 1967 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former professional baseball player who pitched in the major leagues between and . He also pitched one season in Japan for the Chunichi Dragons in .

</doc>
<doc id="9689118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689118" title="Great Officer of State (disambiguation)">
Great Officer of State (disambiguation)

Great Officer of State stands for one of several positions:
Great "Offices" of State also refer to political offices in several countries:

</doc>
<doc id="9689132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689132" title="Great Officers of the Realm">
Great Officers of the Realm

The Great Officers of the Realm (Swedish: De högre riksämbetsmännen) were the five leading members of the Swedish Privy Council from the later parts of the 16th century to around 1680. With the constitution of 1634, the five officers became heads of five different branches of government (Swedish: "kollegium"). The same constitution also declared that the great officers were to act as regents during the minorities of kings or regnal queens. All great officers of the realm were abolished by king Carl XI of Sweden. The Lord High Steward and the Lord High Chancellor offices were revived in the late 18th century, but were soon removed again.
The five great officers.
The great officers were, in order of a ranking which was established in 1634, the following:
Lord High Steward.
The title meant no particular assignment until 1614, when Lord High Steward Magnus Brahe was put in charge of the newly established Svea Court of Appeal, the highest court of Sweden at the time. The steward became responsible of supervising justice in Sweden.
Lord High Constable.
The title meant no particular assignment until 1630, when Lord High Constable Jacob De la Gardie became president of the Council of War (Swedish: first Krigsrätten, later Krigsrådet and, from 1634, Krigskollegium). As such he was chief of the army.
Lord High Admiral.
The Lord High Admiral was head of the Admiralty of Sweden (Swedish: "Amiralitetskollegium" from 1634) and the Swedish navy.
Lord High Chancellor.
The Lord High Chancellor was assigned to ensure that the orders of the king and government were followed. Along the way, the assignments of the chancellor increased to the amount that a chancellery, the Privy Council Chancellery, had to be established. The chancellery became one of the governmental branches and the chancellor acted as head of it. Albeit fourth in rank among the great officers, the Lord High Chancellor became the most important figure in the Privy Council. The chancellor was head of the relations with foreign powers.
Lord High Treasurer.
The Lord High Treasurer had the responsibility to supervise issues concerning the economy of the state. The office holder was head of the Chambers, which in 1634 was declared one of five departments of the government under the name "Kammarkollegium".
Lesser Officers of the Realm.
Below the great officers in rank, were a number of Lesser Officers of The Realm (Swedish: "de lägre riksämbetsmännen"). These were Marshal of the Realm ("riksmarskalk"), Equerry of the Realm ("riksstallmästare"), Forester of the Realm ("riksjägmästaren"), General Quartermaster ("generalkvartermästaren") and "rikstygmästaren".
In the late 17th century, king Carl XI removed not only the great officers but the smaller officers as well. The Marshal of the Realm and the Equerry of the Realm offices were both revived by king Gustav III in the late 18th century. Among both the greater and smaller officers, the only title to exist in present day Sweden, is the Marshal of the Realm.

</doc>
<doc id="9689140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689140" title="Shane Alexander, 2nd Earl Alexander of Tunis">
Shane Alexander, 2nd Earl Alexander of Tunis

Shane William Desmond Alexander, 2nd Earl Alexander of Tunis (born 30 June 1935), known as Lord Rideau from 1952 to 1969, is a British peer.
Alexander is the eldest son of Field Marshal Harold Alexander, 1st Earl Alexander of Tunis and Lady Margaret Bingham (1905–1977), the daughter of the 5th Earl of Lucan. He was educated at Harrow and Ashbury College. He joined the Irish Guards in 1954. He succeeded his father in the earldom following his death on 16 June 1969.
Alexander served as Lord in Waiting from 8 January 1974 until 4 March 1974 at the end of Edward Heath's premiership. He has also been a director of the Pathfinder Financial Corporation in Toronto in 1980.
As a descendant of the Earls of Caledon he is also in the remainder to that title and was the heir presumptive from 1980 to 1990. The heir presumptive to the "Earl Alexander of Tunis" title is his brother the Hon. Brian James Alexander, CMG (born 1939) who has no children, and so is the only person in remainder to the Earldom.
Marriages and children.
He was married twice: firstly to Hilary van Geest on 14 July 1971 until the marriage was dissolved in 1976.
He married secondly The Hon. Davinia Mary Woodhouse, daughter of James Woodhouse, 4th Baron Terrington, on 22 July 1981. She is a former Lady in Waiting to Princess Margaret.
They have two daughters together:
Earl Alexander of Tunis lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="9689167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689167" title="Turner Ward">
Turner Ward

Turner Max Ward (born April 11, 1965 in Orlando, Florida), is a former professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from 1990–2001.
Along with Rick Crawford, John Mitchell, and Joe Whitt, Ward was inducted into the Mobile Sports Hall of Fame in 2007.
Major League Career.
Cleveland Indians (1990–1991).
Ward was originally drafted by the New York Yankees in the 18th round of the 1986 MLB Draft, however, on March 19, 1989, the Yankees traded Ward and Joel Skinner to the Cleveland Indians for Mel Hall.
Ward made his Major League Baseball debut with the Indians on September 10, 1990, as he went 0 for 4 while playing in right field in a 6–2 loss to the Chicago White Sox. On September 12, Ward earned his first career hit off of Steve Rosenberg of the White Sox. In his third career game on September 15, Ward went 3 for 5 with a triple, home run and six RBI in a 14–6 win over the Kansas City Royals. Ward hit his first career home run off of Andy McGaffigan. Ward finished the season with a .348 batting average with 1 HR and 10 RBI in 14 games with Cleveland.
Ward began the 1991 season as the Indians starting right fielder, however, he got off to a slow start, batting .230 with 0 HR and 5 RBI in 40 games. On June 27, the Indians traded Ward and Tom Candiotti to the Toronto Blue Jays for Denis Boucher, Glenallen Hill, Mark Whiten, and cash.
Toronto Blue Jays (1991–1993).
Ward spent most of his time with the Toronto Blue Jays AAA affiliate, the Syracuse Chiefs of the International League, however, he was a September call-up, and in eight games with Toronto, Ward hit .308 with 0 HR and 2 RBI in 13 at-bats.
Ward once again saw very limited action in 1992 with Toronto, playing in 18 games, where he hit .345 with 1 HR and 3 RBI. He did not play in any playoff games as Toronto won the 1992 World Series.
In 1993, Ward got into 72 games with the Blue Jays, however, he struggled offensively, batting .192 with 4 HR and 28 RBI. He once again did not see any playing time in the post-season, as the Blue Jays repeated as champions by winning the 1993 World Series. On November 24, Ward was selected by the Milwaukee Brewers off of waivers.
Milwaukee Brewers (1994–1996).
Ward became an everyday player with the Milwaukee Brewers during the 1994 season, splitting his time between all three outfield positions with the club. He played in 102 games, batting .232 with 9 HR and 45 RBI before the season was cut short due to the 1994 MLB strike.
Ward saw his playing time decrease rapidly in 1995, as he played in only 44 games, batting .264 with 4 HR and 16 RBI with the Brewers.
In 1996, Ward played in 43 games, hitting only .179 with 2 HR and 10 RBI. On November 1, the Brewers released Ward.
Pittsburgh Pirates (1997–1999).
Ward had a very productive 1997 season as the Pirates fourth outfielder, as he played in 71 games, batting .353 with 7 HR and 33 RBI.
In 1998, Ward broke through the right field wall at Three Rivers Stadium in Pittsburgh while chasing a fly ball. The spectacular catch that resulted was a staple of TV highlight shows for the rest of the year. Ward played in a career high 123 games during the season, batting .262 with 9 HR and 46 RBI.
He began the 1999 season with Pittsburgh, however, Ward struggled to a .209 batting average with 0 HR and 8 RBI in 49 games with the Pirates. On August 11, the club released Ward.
Arizona Diamondbacks (1999–2000).
On August 18, 1999, Ward signed with the Arizona Diamondbacks, helping the club win the NL West with a .348 batting average with 2 HR and 7 RBi in 10 games. In the 1999 NLDS against the New York Mets, Ward played in three games, getting two at-bats, where he had a home run and 3 RBI, however, the D-Backs lost the series.
In 2000, Ward hit .173 with 0 HR and 4 RBI with Arizona in 15 games. On October 5, he was released.
Philadelphia Phillies (2001).
On December 20, 2000, Ward signed with the Philadelphia Phillies, and in the 2001 season, Ward played in 17 games with the club, batting .267 with 0 HR and 2 RBI. On October 8, he was granted free agency, then retired.
Major league career (1990–2001).
Ward played in 12 seasons during his Major League Baseball career, appearing in 626 games, as he had a .251 batting average with 39 HR and 219 RBI. Ward had 389 career hits, and stole 33 bases. He was a member of the 1992 and 1993 World Series champions, the Toronto Blue Jays.
Coaching career.
State College Spikes.
Ward managed the State College Spikes of the New York-Penn League in 2007, leading the club to a 36–39 record, as the club finished in third place in the Pinckney Division.
Mobile BayBears.
Ward became the manager of the Mobile BayBears, the Arizona Diamondbacks AA affiliate in the Southern League, in the 2011 season. Ward coached the BayBears for two seasons, 2011 and 2012, leading the team to two consecutive Southern League championships. He earned the 2011 Southern League Manager of the Year.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
In 2013, Ward became an assistant hitting coach for the Arizona Diamondbacks. Notably, he was thrown out the game during a massive brawl between the Diamondbacks and the Dodgers on June 11, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="9689182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689182" title="Kenkey">
Kenkey

Kenkey or Dorkunu or Komi is a staple dish similar to a sourdough dumpling from the Akan, Ga and Ewe inhabited regions of West Africa, usually served with a soup, stew, or sauce. Areas where Kenkey are eaten are southern Ghana, eastern Côte d'Ivoire, Togo, western Benin, Guyana (where it is known as "Konkee"), and Jamaica. It is usually made from ground corn (maize), like sadza and ugali. It is also known in Jamaica as dokunoo, dokono, dokunu,(the Asante refer to the same dish as 'Dɔkono' pronounced as 'Dorkono') blue drawers, and tie-a-leaf. In cuisine of the Caribbean, it is made with cornmeal, plantain, green banana, or cassava, wrapped in banana leaves. The food is derived from African cooking traditions.</ref> Unlike ugali, making kenkey involves letting the maize ferment before cooking. Therefore, preparation takes a few days in order to let the dough ferment. After fermentation, the kenkey is partially cooked, wrapped in banana leaves, corn husks, or foil, and steamed. There are several versions of Kenkey, such as "Ga" and "Fante" kenkey.
Preparation.
Fermented cornmeal dough.
Traditional method.
In a large container combine the corn flour (or corn flour and grated cassava) with just enough warm water to dampen all of it. Mix well. Cover the container with a clean cloth. Set it in a warm place, such as a warmed oven or on top of the refrigerator, for two to three days. Fermentation may take longer than two days, especially in cool climates. (Note: a warmed oven is an oven that has been heated for a few minutes then turned off. The flour should ferment, not cook.) When it is properly fermented, it should have a slightly sour, but not unpleasant, aroma, like rising bread dough. Overly fermented corn flour will not taste right.
Alternate method.
Prepare the corn flour as described above, and let it ferment for about six hours. Then mix one tablespoon of vinegar into the wet corn flour.
Soak the dry corn in water. After three days drain and wash the corn in fresh water. Grind it and add some water to make it into a dough with a smooth surface. Keep it in a warm place to ferment for two to three days before using it to prepare the kenkey. Before using it for the preparation the moldy surface on top should be removed and discarded.
The water used in boiling the kenkey is used as a drink when a maize or corn husks is used as the wrapper for cooking the kenkey. This water is called otinshi nu.
Note: Ready-to-use fermented cornmeal dough made especially for banku and kenkey may be available at African grocery stores and should be prepared according to package instructions.

</doc>
<doc id="9689186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689186" title="Don Quijote del altillo">
Don Quijote del altillo

Don Quijote del altillo is a Argentine comedy film directed and written by Manuel Romero. Starring Luis Sandrini and Nuri Montsé.

</doc>
<doc id="9689191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689191" title="David Wells (disambiguation)">
David Wells (disambiguation)

David Wells (born 1963) is an American baseball pitcher.
David Wells may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9689195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689195" title="Puerto nuevo">
Puerto nuevo

Puerto nuevo is a 1936 Argentine musical film drama directed and written by Luis César Amadori and Mario Soffici. It is a tango film. The music was performed by Uruguayan musician Francisco Canaro.

</doc>
<doc id="9689202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689202" title="Ya tiene comisario el pueblo">
Ya tiene comisario el pueblo

Ya tiene comisario el pueblo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9689206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689206" title="Alex Arias">
Alex Arias

Alejandro Arias (born November 20, 1967 in New York City, New York) is a former infielder in Major League Baseball who played from 1992 to 2002.
In his career, Arias played for the Chicago Cubs (), Florida Marlins (–), Philadelphia Phillies (–), San Diego Padres () and New York Yankees ().
He had the highest career batting average as a pinch hitter with over 150 at-bats, with a .320 average. His .265 career average and .338 on-base percentage are about average.

</doc>
<doc id="9689210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689210" title="Tam-Lin (film)">
Tam-Lin (film)

Tam-Lin, also known as The Ballad of Tam-Lin, "The Devil's Widow and The Devil's Woman", is a 1970 British film made by Commonwealth United Entertainment, Winkast Film Productions Ltd. and distributed by American International Pictures (AIP). It was directed by Roddy McDowall and produced by Alan Ladd, Jr. and Stanley Mann, from a screenplay by William Spier based on the traditional Scottish poem "The Ballad of Tam Lin". The film had original music by Stanley Myers and was photographed by Billy Williams. It was the only film directed by McDowall.
The film stars Ava Gardner and Ian McShane with Richard Wattis, Cyril Cusack, Stephanie Beacham, Sinéad Cusack and Joanna Lumley.
A newer release of this film (1998) (Republic Pictures Home Video) re-cut the film to be closer to Roddy McDowall's intention. 
McDowall's direction of this film precluded him from reprising his role as Cornelius in "Beneath the Planet of the Apes", the only one of the original five "Planet of the Apes" films from which he is absent.

</doc>
<doc id="9689215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689215" title="La muchachada de a bordo">
La muchachada de a bordo

La muchachada de a bordo (English language:Boys on Board) is a Argentine comedy film directed and written by Manuel Romero. The film starred Luis Sandrini and Tito Lusiardo. The film was edited by Francisco Múgica.

</doc>
<doc id="9689222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689222" title="Radio Bar">
Radio Bar

Radio Bar is a 1936 Argentine musical film drama directed and written by Manuel Romero. It is a tango film.

</doc>
<doc id="9689228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689228" title="Lidia Semenova">
Lidia Semenova

Lidia K Semenova (born November 22, 1951) is a Ukrainian chess Woman Grandmaster. 
In 1978, she won Women's Soviet Chess Championship. In 1981, she tied for 1st-4th in Leningrad (zonal). In 1982, she took 2nd in Bad Kissingen (interzonal; Nona Gaprindashvili won). In 1983, she beat Margareta Muresan 5,5 : 4,5 in Bad Kissingen (quarterfinal match), and beat Nana Ioseliani 5,5 : 4,5 in Sochi (semifinal match). In 1984, Semenova lost in her bid for the Women's World Championship to Irina Levitina 5 : 7 in Sochi (final match).
Semenova won three gold medals at the Chess Olympiad in Thessaloniki 1984 (team, individual at fourth board and individual rating).
In 1986, she tied for 4-5th in Malmo (Candidates Tournament; Elena Akhmilovskaya won). In 1987, she tied for 3rd-4th in Tuzla (interzonal; Nana Ioseliani won), and lost a play-off match to Agnieszka Brustman 1 : 4. She tied for 12-18th at Jakarta 1993 (interzonal; Ketevan Arakhamia won), and 10-16th at Kishinev 1995 (interzonal; Arakhamia won).
Semenova was awarded the WGM title in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="9689229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689229" title="Noites Cariocas">
Noites Cariocas

Noites Cariocas (Noches carioca in Argentina) is a 1936 Brazilian-Argentine comedy film directed and written by Enrique Cadícamo. It is based on a story by F. Gianetti. The film was released in both Portuguese and Spanish.

</doc>
<doc id="9689236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689236" title="Loco lindo">
Loco lindo

Loco lindo is a 1936 Argentine comedy film directed by Arturo S. Mom and written by José B. Cairola and Conrado Nalé Roxlo. Starring Luis Sandrini and Sofía Bozán the film premiered in Buenos Aires on July 13, 1936. Carlos Rinaldi worked as a laboratory assistant on the film.

</doc>
<doc id="9689239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689239" title="Domingo Ramos">
Domingo Ramos

Domingo Antonio Ramos (born March 29, 1958 in Santiago, Dominican Republic), is a former professional baseball player who was an infielder in the Major Leagues from 1978-1990. In 1982 with the Seattle Mariners he filled in at all four infield positions, never appearing in more than 75 games. Primarily a glove man, Ramos hit over .200 just twice, .283 in 1983 and .311 in 1987 (in 103 at-bats).
Ramos earned his first career hit on May 23, 1980. On June 26 1982 he recorded hia first career RBI. His First career home run came on April 17, 1983 in a 7-4 loss against the Oakland Athletics. His first career stolen base came 2 days later in a 6-2 loss @ the Minnesota Twins. His first career 4 hit game came on September 8, 1987 in a 7-0 win over the Cleveland Indians.
On November 10, 1978 he was traded by New York Yankees with Dave Rajsich, Larry McCall]], Sparky Lyle, Mike Heath and Cash to Texas Rangers for Greg Jemison, Paul Mirabella, Mike Griffin, Juan Beniquez and Dave Righetti, who considered the top lefty prospect in the minors‚ will win Rookie of the Year honors in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="9689243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689243" title="Grande Dixence (disambiguation)">
Grande Dixence (disambiguation)

Grande Dixence may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9689245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689245" title="Matt Harvey (poet)">
Matt Harvey (poet)

Matt Harvey is a British humourist and performance poet who has published a number of books and makes regular contributions to radio broadcasts. 
In his youth he moved around Britain, staying in Cheshire, Scotland and Ireland; he settled in Twickenham, London aged 15. As a teenager he was influenced by the Mersey Poets, including Adrian Henri, Roger McGough and Brian Patten. He had a troubled childhood before in his early 20s attending the Self Heal Association, a psychotherapeutic centre in Devon. He later became a helper at the centre and continues to speak and perform at mental health conferences.
He began his career as a performer in 1992, giving live performances to audiences in the South West of England. He has since performed across the country at conferences, cabarets, colleges and literary festivals. He is the President of the Exeter and East Devon branch of the charity Mind, and lives in Totnes.
Matt Harvey was appointed Official Wimbledon Championship Poet 2010. The job entailed coming out with a poem each day of the championship to entertain the spectators. The poems would also be available online and in podcast.

</doc>
<doc id="9689248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689248" title="The Rolling Stones European Tour 1970">
The Rolling Stones European Tour 1970

The Rolling Stones' 1970 European Tour was a concert tour of Continental Europe that took place during the late summer and early fall of 1970.
History.
This was the Stones' first tour in Europe since 1967, and became part of a pattern (not always followed) wherein the group would play North America, continental Europe, and the United Kingdom on a three-year rotating cycle.
Shows were similar to that of the 1969 American Tour, but with the material more familiar to audiences as "Let It Bleed" had now been out for some months. The Stones continued to preview new material, however, as "Brown Sugar", "Dead Flowers", and "You Gotta Move" were set list regulars; they would not appear on record until "Sticky Fingers" was released a half year later. Unlike many of the group's tours of this era, here the group only played one show a night.
Following a tradition set since the band's earliest days, the tour was not without its altercations. The show at Råsunda stadion in Stockholm on September 4 was interrupted by police who feared that fans, provoked by Jagger, would storm the stage. The singer duly responded by pointing the microphone to the police on stage and soon after suggested the audience would sit down for the next song (the slower "Love in Vain"). On September 14 a thousand or so forged tickets were rejected at a show at Ernst-Merck-Halle in Hamburg; two hundred policemen were needed to handle disappointed fans. Two days later at Deutschlandhalle in West Berlin, there were nasty battles between assorted youths and the police before the show, and some 50 arrests were made. Then on October 1 at Milan's Palazzo Dello Sport, two thousand youths tried to crash the gates to get into the show. Police had to use tear gas to quell the riot; there were injuries among both the cops and the crowd, and 63 arrests were made.
Tour band.
Additional musicians
Tour set list.
The fairly typical set list for the tour was:

</doc>
<doc id="9689253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689253" title="Helen St. John">
Helen St. John

Helen St. John - singer-songwriter, pianist, lyricist, recording artist.
St. John's claim to fame came as a result of her piano performances on the soundtrack of the motion picture Flashdance, "Love Theme from Flashdance," which resulted in two Grammy nominations: Best Pop Instrumental Performance and Album of the Year.
The 2008 CD "Moment By Moment" is her first release as a singer-songwriter. She has produced a CD of modern spiritually-inspired songs driven by world beats and pop drums.
St. John was involved in the making of the soundtracks for "Scarface", "Superman III" and "Electric Dreams" and two of her solo albums, "Power To The Piano" and "Take Your Passion," were produced by Giorgio Moroder.
Discography.
Soundtrack Albums:
Solo Albums:

</doc>
<doc id="9689254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689254" title="Sendhoorapandi">
Sendhoorapandi

Senthoorapandi is a Tamil film, released in 1993 directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The film stars Vijay and Vijaykanth in the lead roles. This movie dubbed in Hindi as .
Plot.
The story is about Vijay is a college student who comes back after finished his studies. He meets village headman's daughter Yuvarani, both of them in love with each other. Yuvarani's brother Ponnambalam opposes to their marriage. Vijaykanth is the elder brother of Vijay who returns from jail. The story carries a flashback of Vijaykanth where Gouthami is his lover. Finally what happens? Is Vijay and Yuvarani wins in their love forms the rest of the story.
Soundtrack.
There are 5 songs composed by Deva.

</doc>
<doc id="9689281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689281" title="La Barra Mendocina">
La Barra Mendocina

La Barra Mendocina is a Argentine comedy film directed and written by Mario Soffici. The film premiered on August 2, 1935 in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9689285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689285" title="Lok Samvad">
Lok Samvad

Lok Samvad (लोक संवाद, 'People's Dialogue') is a fortnightly newspaper published in Hindi from Lucknow, India by the Uttar Pradesh State Committee of the Communist Party of India (Marxist). S.P. Kashyap is the editor of the newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="9689289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689289" title="El caballo del pueblo">
El caballo del pueblo

El caballo del pueblo (The Favorite) is a 1935 Argentine musical film comedy directed and written by Manuel Romero with Luis Bayón Herrera. It is a tango film and premiered on August 15, 1935.
The cinematography and editing was performed by Francisco Múgica.

</doc>
<doc id="9689298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689298" title="West Australian Forest Alliance">
West Australian Forest Alliance

The West Australian Forest Alliance is an organization made up of a number of West Australian environmental activist groups—concerned with the destruction of Old Growth Forests in the South West region.
It is a successor to and includes membership of the earlier groups the Campaign to Save Native Forests, South West Forests Defence Foundation, Great Walk Networking, and other member groups of the Conservation Council of Western Australia
Affiliated groups.
As found on the WAFA website - (Warning: not all of the groups listed were still currently active in 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="9689307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689307" title="Crimen a las tres">
Crimen a las tres

Crimen a las tres is a Argentine crime film directed and written by Luis Saslavsky.

</doc>
<doc id="9689313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689313" title="Corbières (disambiguation)">
Corbières (disambiguation)

Corbières may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9689317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689317" title="Escala en la ciudad">
Escala en la ciudad

Escala en la ciudad ("A stop in the ciy") is a Argentine film directed and written by Alberto De Zavalia with Carlos Aden. It was produced by SIFAL, a production company run by de Zavalia and his partner Luis Saslavsky. The production company disbanded the following year, after de Zavalia had made "Escala en la ciudad", his feature film debut, and Saslavsky had completed his second and most famous movie, "Crimen a las tres".
Plot.
The story follows Jaime Lara, a passenger whose ship makes a stop in Buenos Aires for one day. Lara elopes, leaving his wife on board, and walks around the city at night, coming to meet a beautiful yet frivolous hooker, Isa. Jaime and Isa go to a bar, and later on to her house, but Jaime would rather talk to her than anything else. Meanwhile, the captain of another ship, Cristian, is looking for Isa "to settle a score". Drunk, he meets Isa's neighbor and fellow prostitute, Tita, who falls for him.
Jaime and Isa walk around the city and make a stop in a clothes' shop. They have a chance encounter with a group of actors who are short of two people for rehearsal. When they see Isa try a gown, they immediately approach them and ask them to join them in the show. They're introduced to their ringleader, the pompous Pamela, who hosts a rehearsal for a few selected critics. Jaime and Isa perform marvelously, despite the fact they read from the script while acting. Pamela congratulates them and has them driven away to a n expensive hotel.
Isa refuses to have sex with Jaime, and the following day they take a stroll on a riverside park. Isa, unaware that Jaime has a wife waiting for him on the ship, questions him about his uneasiness, but he dismisses her questions. He promises that he will never leave her, and that they will both move to the countryside. For once, Isa is happy. They return to her home, where Jaime is distracted by the bellowing of the ship. Tita comes up and asks Isa down to her apartment.
Cristian confronts Isa in Tita's place. He tells her that he has changed, and asks her to come back to him. Isa, however, refuses, and goes back upstairs to find that Jaime has abandoned her and gone back to the parting ship. Tita, having heard Cristian's proposal to Isa, shoots herself dead with Cristian's revolver. A steward walks in and takes Cristian away back to his ship. The final scene shows Isa back in her usual spot, waiting to prostitute herself. As the screen fades to black, an embittered Isa remembers Jaime's promises of love and devotion.

</doc>
<doc id="9689327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689327" title="El Fogón de los gauchos">
El Fogón de los gauchos

El fogón de los gauchos is a Argentine musical film directed and written by Julio Irigoyen.

</doc>
<doc id="9689335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689335" title="Internado">
Internado


</doc>
<doc id="9689348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689348" title="Monte Criollo">
Monte Criollo

Monte Criollo is a Argentine musical film directed and written by Arturo S. Mom. It is a tango film and starred Nedda Francy and Francisco Petrone. 

</doc>
<doc id="9689349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689349" title="Circuit Bancaixa 06/07">
Circuit Bancaixa 06/07

The "Escala i Corda" XVI Professional League 06-07 of the Circuit Bancaixa is the top-level championship of the Valencian pilota, organized by the firm ValNet, on the Escala i corda variant.
It's played on several rounds. The first two ones are a league all-against all, the two worse teams are disqualified. Every victory sums up 3 points, but if the loser team attains 50 "jocs" they sum up 1 point. This way, on the first round there are 8 teams, on the second round there are 6 teams, and 4 on the semi-finals. The finals are played to the best of 3 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="9689356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689356" title="Rikkokushi">
Rikkokushi

The collection consists of the following texts:
The national histories were discontinued after the "Sandai Jitsuroku"; they were followed by the four Mirror books (starting with "Ōkagami").

</doc>
<doc id="9689365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689365" title="Noches de Buenos Aires">
Noches de Buenos Aires

Noches de Buenos Aires is a Argentine romantic musical film directed and written by Manuel Romero with Luis Bayón Herrera. It is a tango film and was edited by Francisco Múgica

</doc>
<doc id="9689379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689379" title="La Virgencita de Pompeya">
La Virgencita de Pompeya

La Virgencita de Pompeya is a 1935 Argentine musical film drama directed by Enrique Cadícamo and written by Enrique Pedro Maroni. It is a tango film and premiered on 14 March 1935 in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9689382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689382" title="The Rolling Stones UK Tour 1971">
The Rolling Stones UK Tour 1971

The Rolling Stones' 1971 UK Tour was a brief concert tour of England and Scotland that took place over two weeks in March 1971.
History.
The Stones had not staged a tour proper in their homeland since autumn 1966. Now they were going out after having announced on the day of their first show that they were becoming tax exiles and decamping to the South of France, which they did shortly after finishing the tour. As a result, this tour was also called the Good-Bye Britain Tour or formulations thereof.
The tour was not lengthy, but audience numbers were enlarged by playing two shows on almost every night. Although "Sticky Fingers" was still not released, the group expanded the number of selections from it played compared with the previous Fall's European Tour; "Wild Horses" and "Bitch" were among those added. Nicky Hopkins took over from Ian Stewart the role of stage keyboardist.
The Brighton, Liverpool, Leeds and London performances were recorded with the Rolling Stones mobile studio by the Rolling Stones crew. The Leeds show was later broadcast by the BBC. A stereo version of the Chuck Berry cover "Let It Rock" from the same concert was officially released on single with the studio versions of "Brown Sugar" and "Bitch" in 1971 (also reissued on the collection "Rarities" in 2005). The rest of this show has been released unofficially numerous times, making it one of the most well-known bootleg recordings of the Rolling Stones to date (most famously with the title "Get Your Leeds Lungs Out").
Press opportunities focused on the usual banter with lead singer Mick Jagger:
The Groundhogs served as supporting act for the shows.
Tour band.
Additional musicians
Tour set list.
The typical set was:
Encore: 
For the rest of the tour some songs were dropped, at certain shows. "Wild Horses" was played at Newcastle (1st show).

</doc>
<doc id="9689393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689393" title="Saikumar (Malayalam actor)">
Saikumar (Malayalam actor)

Saikumar (born 14 April 1963), also credited as Sai Kumar, is an Indian film actor known for his villainous roles in the Malayalam films.
Saikumar debuted in the 1977 film "Vidarunna Mottukal" as child artist. He started his career with comedy roles, and gradually moved to character roles. He won Kerala State Film Award for Second Best Actor for his performance in the 2007 film "Anandabhairavi".
He is the son of Malayalam actor Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair.
Career.
Saikumar started his career in cinema as a child artist in "Vidarunna Mottukal". He started his career in theatres. He was offered the lead role in the film "Swati Tirunaal", but it later was done by another actor. He made his debut in the blockbuster "Ramji Rao Speaking" (1989). It was directed by two debutantes, Siddique and Lal (Siddique-Lal), and had debutant actors Saikumar and Rekha in the lead.
The success of the film helped him to earn a lot of opportunities in the next few years. He has done leading roles in a few films like "Sauhradam", "Thudarkkatha", "Khoshayathra", "Anantha Vrithantham", "Thooval Sparsam", etc. But in that age of comedy, he could not make an impact as a hero while Mukesh, Jagadeesh and Siddique were cast in the small budget movies. Saikumar remained active in the industry with supporting, character and negative roles in films including "In Harihar Nagar", "Saandram", "Makkal Mahalmyam", "Griha Pravesam", "Ayushkalam". The sequel to "Ramji Rao Speaking", "Mannar Mathai Speaking" was a blockbuster of 1995. This time Mukesh stole the show in the lead. His villain roles in Mammootty's 1996 blockbuster "Hitler" was noted. This earned him the reputation of acting the intelligent villain. Saikumar's real talent was shown once again in the year 2004 in the film "Sethuramayyar CBI". He wisely recreated the sound modulation and mannerisms of the late actor 'Sukumaran, ' as because the character which Saikumar done was as the son of "Inspector Sathyadas in the film "Oru CBI Diary Kurippu ".
Saikumar's golden period started in the late 1990s. He was cast in the super hit "Aaraam Thampuran" by Shaji Kailas where he played the close friend of hero acted by the Malayalam film star "Mohanlal". Then he became the inevitable ingredient of all the superstar movies. He played villain to Mohanlal in "Narasimham" (2000), "Thandavam" (2001), and "Chathurangam" (2001). His prominence was evident from the posters of "Thandavam" where his pictures were printed the same size as Mohanlal's. In movies like "Valliettan" and "Vesham" he played villain to Mammootty. In the Dileep movie "Kunjikkoonan" (2002), he appeared in a completely different get-up of a cruel Goonda, which was much acclaimed.
2005 was a very good year for Saikumar in which he acted in "Rajamanikyam", Mammootty's mega-hit where he played an elder man. This made the directors rethink his range of characters. In Suresh Gopi's comeback film "Bharathchandran I.P.S.", he played the villain. He described the role as an anti-hero not a villain, since he leads story in the first 45 minutes until Suresh Gopi appears. He also played the supporting role as DYSP Pothen in the Suresh Gopi hit "The Tiger".
In 2007, he won accolades for his performance as a Kathakali artist and the father of a highly talented but ailing son in "Anandabhairavi". Director Vinayan described him as talented as Mohanlal which is the best compliment for his acting abilities.
Personal life.
Saikumar is born to Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair who was one of the major character actors of the black-and-white era. Saikumar married Prasanna Kumari who was his heroine during his theatre days. They have a daughter Vaishnavi. Saikumar filed for divorce in late 2009. Later he married Bindu Panicker on 2010. Bindhu's daughter from her first marriage, Arundathi Panicker, is in 7th grade. His elder sister Shobha Mohan had a short stint as a heroine during the early 1980s and is now acting in films in character roles while brother-in-law Mohan was a theatre artist. His nephew Vinu Mohan made debut in Malayalam films in 2007 with "Nivedyam". Saikumar was cast as villain opposite his nephew in "Cycle" (2008). Anu Mohan, his second nephew has also started an acting career.

</doc>
<doc id="9689395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689395" title="Puente Alsina (film)">
Puente Alsina (film)

Puente Alsina is a Argentine musical film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra. It is a tango musical and premiered on 6 August 1935 in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="9689425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689425" title="Pašino Brdo">
Pašino Brdo

Pašino Brdo (Serbian Cyrillic: Пашино Брдо) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Voždovac, while the northern section belongs to the municipality of Vračar. It is also known as Lekino Brdo (Cyrillic: Лекино Брдо) after the top Communist official, Aleksandar Ranković (1909–80), who's nickname was Leka ("Leka's hill").
Location.
Pašino Brdo, as the name says it (Serbian for "Pasha's hill"), is located on the hill of the same name, in the extreme north of the municipality of Voždovac and extreme south of the municipality of Vračar. Geographically, the hill and its slopes cover much larger area than what is today considered the neighborhood of Pašino Brdo, which is generally bordered by the neighborhoods of Dušanovac on the south, Šumice on the east and extends into Crveni Krst on the north-east and Čubura on the north-west.
Characteristics.
On the southern side, the hill originates from the Belgrade-Niš highway, that is, the former valley of the Mokroluški potok and it elevates to the roundabout of the trolleybus line 22 which is, with the small park and a church, located on the top of the hill. Then it descends to the north until the South Boulevard, or the former valley of the "Čuburski potok". Thus, geographically, parts of the neighborhoods of Dušanovac and Šumice are located on the hill as well.
Pašino Brdo, formerly a hill in the outskirts of Belgrade, is today a residential area. Construction began after 1920 as a planned neighborhood, with a web of straight streets crossing each other. It has a small park on top of it ("Češki park") with a new Church of the Transfiguration of Jesus. As a curiosity for a small neighborhood, there is another church in Pašino Brdo, the older Church of the Holy Trinity. A section of the park was turned into a modern children playground in April 2008. It is first of the planned total of 7 playgrounds on the territory of the municipality of Voždovac, constructed under new standards: harmless and ecological colors and varnishes, protective measures, top quality woods, rubber placed as floor, etc. Name of the playground is "Vrbica", celebrating Lazarus Saturday, called "Vrbica" in Serbian and generally considered a children's holiday.
Municipality.
When Belgrade was divided into "rejons" (districts) in 1420, Pašino Brdo became part of the District VI. When districts were abolished in 1952 and municipalities created, Pašino Brdo got its own municipality, which however was abolished on September 1, 1400when Pašino Brdo was annexed to the municipality of Voždovac. At the time, estimated population of the municipality was 25,000 while according to the 2002 population census, the population of the administratively much smaller local community of Pašino Brdo was 3,808, with a few small adjoining neighborhoods 10,774.
References.
Lekino brdo - Informational portal for neighbors and all people interested in Pašino (Lekino) brdo

</doc>
<doc id="9689436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689436" title="Filmed from the Front Row">
Filmed from the Front Row

Filmed from the Front Row is a 2003 DVD release from Ocean Colour Scene. The DVD features promotion videos, live footage and a 40 minute interview.

</doc>
<doc id="9689438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689438" title="Carny (disambiguation)">
Carny (disambiguation)

A carny is a carnival employee.
Carny, Carnie, or Carnies may also refer to:
People with the given name Carnie:
People with the surname Carnie:

</doc>
<doc id="9689445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689445" title="Killeshandra">
Killeshandra

Killeshandra or Killashandra - Irish place name "Cill na Seanrátha" meaning Church of the Old Rath (ringforts) population 1,143, is a small town in County Cavan, Ireland, located 20 km (12 mi) northwest of Cavan town and is central to County Cavan's lakeland and geopark region, set in the unique Erne catchment environment of rivers, lakes, wetlands and woodland. Together with the Lough Oughter Special Protected Area (SPA), has since 2010 become recognised under the EU programme for wildlife Natura 2000. Killeshandra is specially noted by Failte Ireland as an "Angling Centre of Excellence", as well as having become in recent years a hub for the Cavan Walking Festival which takes place during May each year. In the vicinity there are several looped walking and cycling trails linking the popular Killykeen forest park.
History.
Killeshandra owes its origins to the Ulster Plantation, when Sir Alexander Hamilton of Innerwick, Scotland was granted lands by the crown in July 1610 to build a castle and create a Protestant community around the barony of Tullyhunco. The 1641 rising and civil war was a particularly difficult period in Killeshandra's history, as the Hamiltons with their neighbours the Craig's were forced out of their settled lands by the O'Reilly's. It was not until after the war and during the Restoration (1660) period that Sir Francis Hamilton regained control of the area and set about building a market town with Scottish planters and migrant Huguenot settlers who were especially noted for their industry and thrift. The new settlers and their families quickly adapted to the local conditions, which included the beginnings of flax growing and linen processing in the Cavan region. The earliest papal records of a church in the area date from the fourteenth century, then a dependency of Drumlane priory referred to in registers as the Church of the Rath. The church was also part of the 17th century plantation land grant made to the Hamiltons and continued in use for Protestant Scottish Episcopalian worship. In 1688 the structure was remodelled on the site of the earlier church as a memorial to departed members of the Hamilton family. The remains of this church can still be seen at the lower end of the town (opposite Lakeland Dairies), display some unusual architectural characteristics, 'T' shaped, with a south facing transept in the Renaissance neo-classical style that is described in the "Pevsner" guide to South Ulster as: arguably the finest Restoration building in Ulster, a handsome evocation of the improving architectural eloquence of the age. The east facing window is in the more traditional Gothic style. Hamilton heraldic embellishment is visible on the south gable wall and gate pillars. When a new Anglican church was built (circa 1842) further up the Main street, some of the earlier (Hamilton) family memorials attributed to well known Irish sculptor William Kidwell were brought from the old church and placed inside of the new building and can still be seen there. The old graveyard meanwhile continued in 'mixed' use for over a century after the church was closed and is now a National Monument. Includes some interesting heraldic grave markers dating back to the early eighteenth century.
Linen production around Killeshandra grew considerably following an incentive in 1760 from the Linen Board, and was later quoted in "Pigot's 1824 Directory" as: The greatest linen market in the county, and the inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood are principally employed in its manufacture. However, failure to capitalise on industrial methods of linen production when market sales were approaching their peak meant that Killeshandra would inevitably lose out in the race to compete with the bigger linen export producing towns further north, eventually leading to hardship and destitution for many local flax growing linen producers.
Population and Economic Changes.
According to CSO 2011 census statistics, the present Killeshandra town population stands at 364 persons, a decline of over 11% since the 2006 census. However in the electoral division, which includes the town and surrounding district, has recorded a slight increase in population up to 1,143 persons, denoting a marked preference for living outside of the urban area. In previous centuries when there were several thousand people living about Killeshandra, it was local industry and agriculture that sustained the local population. Although the Killeshandra area is today regarded as an ideal place for retirement and leisure activity, away from the hustle and bustle, one has to wonder when will the population rise again, and what are the underlying causes for decline compared with the rest of the county showing an overall increase in urban and rural population. Throughout the twentieth century, Killeshandra looked to its agriculture base to keep the wheels turning, while Killeshandra Creamery became one of Ireland's leading dairy and milk processing co-operatives. This too has seen significant rationalisation over recent years. At one time Killeshandra was the hub of industry in the region, included several flax and corn mills, together with Fletcher's sawmill which was built on the site of an earlier brewery. From the 1860s the town was serviced with a railway line to Crosdoney and Cavan town. However the closure of the railway by 1960 to goods and passengers was the first significant result of population decline throughout the region. The eventual closure of Fletcher's sawmills and the demise of street market trading would also signal the end for Killeshandra's iconic linen market house, built around 1790 by the then landlord Robert H. Southwell. The market house fell into disrepair and was finally demolished in the late 1960s. Since which urban dilapidation and poor access roads are another notable factor affecting Killeshandra's potential for growth.
Today Killeshandra as well being a base for the Lakeland Dairy Company, is noted as a significant County Cavan tourist destination for anglers, walkers and wildlife enthusiasts. The Lough Bawn Hotel is located in the middle of the village and there are several comfortable B&B's located nearby. Killeshandra has an array of shops, two national schools, denominational churches, restaurant facilities and several pubs, most with regular traditional music sessions. A new Community Hall was completed in September 2013 replacing a hall built in the 1970s. The new hall has a large open space for indoor sporting events as well as space for concerts and exhibitions. Killeshandra performs well at around 63% in the national Tidy Towns competition and is 'litter free' in the county anti-litter league.
Public transport.
Bus Éireann route 465 serves the town on Tuesdays providing a link to Cavan (onward connections available) via Arvagh and Ballinagh. It is also served by a number of Cavan Area Rural Transport (CART) routes.
Killeshandra was the terminus of a short branch railway line between Cavan and Crossdoney on the Midland Great Western route. Opened in 1886, the Killeshandra branch line, along with the Crossdoney to Cavan line discontinued passenger service in 1947. The line remained open for goods traffic until 1959 and then was itself closed completely in January 1960. Most of the rail infrastructure is now gone, but the station along with a nearby goods shed still remain.
Dairy Industry.
Killeshandra Co-operative Society Ltd was formed in December 1896. The milk from 987 cows had been promised by local farmers and a committee was tentatively decided upon to establish and form a creamery. Thus was the start of an industry which grew to become recognised as a model for the rest of the country to follow and described as being the best creamery of its time, winning prizes for butter and dairy products both at home and abroad. By the time of its centenary year Killeshandra Co-op was handling the milk from over 4,000 farmer suppliers. Today this is transformed through mergers with other dairy companies to form the internationally recognised Lakeland Dairies, to become the second largest dairy co-operative and fourth largest dairy processor in Ireland. The Co-op operates across 15 counties on a cross border basis processing over 700 million litres of milk annually into a range of value-added products and food ingredients which are exported worldwide, remains a significant employer in the region.
One of Lakeland's most significant acquisitions took place during October 2013, the former Ulster Bank premises situated in Killeshandra town next door to the companies headquarters.
External links.
Genealogy:

</doc>
<doc id="9689446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689446" title="Nora Perry">
Nora Perry

Nora Perry MBE (born 1954 as Nora Gardner) is an English former badminton player noted for her anticipation, racket control, and tactical astuteness. A doubles specialist, Perry won numerous major titles, with a variety of partners, from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s. These included six All-England mixed doubles and two All-England women's doubles championships. She won both the 1980 IBF World Championships and the 1980 European Championships in women's doubles with Jane Webster. Three years later, she won the 1983 IBF World Championships title in mixed doubles with Thomas Kihlström. Generally regarded as one of the greatest female mixed doubles players in the game's history, in 1999 she was inducted into the World Badminton Hall of Fame. She currently teaches badminton at Davenant Foundation School in Essex.

</doc>
<doc id="9689448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689448" title="Betsy Boze">
Betsy Boze

Betsy Vogel Boze (pronounced Bōz), is an American academic and higher education administrator. With 25 years administrative experience at public universities, she was the ninth president of The College of The Bahamas. During her career she has been a Professor of Marketing, Department Chair, Dean, and the CEO of Kent State University at Stark. She is a Senior Fellow at the American Association of State Colleges and Universities (AASCU) researching alternative revenue streams for public colleges and universities.
Education.
Secondary Education.
Boze attended Southfield School in Shreveport, Louisiana and graduated from C. E. Byrd High School where she was involved in social and environmental issues, including the first Earth Day. In 2009 she was inducted into the Byrd High School Hall of Fame, an honor awarded to less than one-third of one percent of graduates.
Formal education.
She earned her Bachelor of Science in psychology and Masters in Business Administration degrees from Southern Methodist University (SMU) in Dallas, Texas. She studied international management at Thunderbird, Spanish at ITESM (Monterrey Institute of Technology) in Monterrey, Mexico, and Japanese at International Christian University (ICU) in Mitaka, Japan. She earned her Ph.D. in business administration from the University of Arkansas, majoring in marketing, with minors in economics and sociology.
Post-doctoral studies.
Boze's post-doctoral studies include Harvard University Seminar for New Presidents, Program on Negotiation at Harvard Law School, The University of Hawaii Pan Asian Institute, HERS (Higher Education Resource Symposium) Bryn Mawr Summer Institute for Women in Higher Education Administration, American Association of State Colleges and Universities (AASCU) Millennial Leadership Initiative, The Center for Creative Leadership and a year long American Council on Education (ACE) Fellowship. Boze is a graduate of Leadership Texas, Leadership America and Leadership Stark County.
University experience.
Faculty, teaching and administrative appointments.
Dr. Boze was the ninth President and Chief Executive Officer of The College of The Bahamas. The national higher education system of The Bahamas, COB's mission is "to support and drive national development through teaching, research & innovation, and service." COB, as it is known, is a multi-campus system with three academic campuses, three branch campuses in Abaco, Andros and The Exumas, research centers in New Providence and San Salvador Island (The Bahamas).
During her tenure at The College of The Bahamas
While the dean at Kent State University at Stark in North Canton, Ohio from 2005–2009, the campus became a four year comprehensive liberal arts university with professional graduate degree programs. During that time, the university developed a culture of planning and accountability. The first strategic plan and first enrollment management plans were developed and implemented.
Consistent with her lifelong passion for the environment she secured private funding for the Hoover Center for Environmental Media Activism. Under her leadership, Kent State Stark was recognized on the President’s Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll every year (2006–2009). Boze's leadership in P-16 collaboration, led to alignment of high school graduation requirements in mathematics with workforce readiness and college readiness.
Boze was an early signer of the American College and University President's Climate Commitment (ACUPCC) for both Kent State University and The College of The Bahamas
Boze was the inaugural Dean of the College of Business at The University of Texas at Brownsville and served as Assistant to the President while an American Council on Education Fellow at Tulane University. She served as the Chief Academic Officer of The University of Texas System "UT TeleCampus" MBA Online and held a Research Faculty appointment at Texas A&M University where she was Co-Director of the Texas Ports & Waterways.
She has held full-time faculty and administrative positions at St. Bonaventure University, University of Maryland University College (Japan, Germany and Italy), Centenary College of Louisiana and The University of Alaska Anchorage where she was Department Chair of Business Administration and Faculty Senate President. In addition, she was a Visiting Faculty member at Portland State University in Khabarovsk [Хаба́ровск] in the former Soviet Union.
Fund Development.
Through her fundraising efforts Dr. Boze has secured well over $100 million in grants, federal earmarks and personal and corporate contributions for her institutions. 
Scholarly record.
Boze has published over 100 peer-refereed research articles and book chapters on marketing and business administration. She writes and speaks publicly on higher education administration, distance education, technology and women's issues.
Boze was a Master Planner in the creation of the University of Texas TeleCampus, the University of Texas's web-based, virtual university.
Academic partnerships and other collaborations.
Boze has over twenty years experience in unique academic partnerships.
Professional and community leadership and service.
International and Regional Leadership.
Boze serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Gerace Research Center and serves on the Board of the International Association of Universities.
She is currently serving on the A۰P۰L۰U- AASCU Advisory Group on Distance Education, the AASCU Policies and Practices Committee and is an AASCU State Representative. She is additionally on the Board of the Millennial Leadership Initiative.
She is currently a Director or Trustee on the following national boards in The Commonwealth of The Bahamas: The College of The Bahamas Council, Antiquities, Monuments and Museums Corporation, The Gerace Research Center,The National Art Gallery of The Bahamas, The Clifton Heritage National Park, The Bahamas National Trust and The National Advisory Council on Education. She is a director on the Canadian Foundation, Canadian Friends of COB. Additionally, she is a Director on the Betty and Paul McDonald Foundation (Louisiana, USA) and the Florida-based Bahamas Education, Culture and Science Foundation, Inc.
Boze was a Commissioner on the City of Canton Sustainability Commission and Vice Chair of the Canton Regional Chamber of Commerce. She served as trustee on the boards of the Stark County Port Authority, American Cancer Society (Ohio), Canton Museum of Art, Greater Canton Chamber of Commerce, Mayor's Literacy Commission (Canton, OH), Ohio Area Health Education Centers, Ohio Citizens for the Arts, Paul and Betty McDonald Foundation, Stark Development Board, and the Stark Education Partnership P-16.
She served on Rep. William Healy's mayoral Transition Team and Inaugural Committee and the Ohio Board of Regents task force to revise the Operating Manual for Two Year Campus Programs. She was the President of the Ohio Association of Regional Campuses. She further served on the Jackson-Belden Chamber of Commerce Economic Development Committee, the Strategic Planning Committee of the Stark Development Board, the Strategic Planning Committee of the Stark County YMCA, Lake Local Schools and the Greater Canton Regional Chamber of Commerce Education Committee. She is a member of the Junior League of Washington, DC.
Professional service to higher education.
National appointments include the Finance Committee of the American Council on Education Council of Fellows, American Association of State Colleges and Universities (AASCU) Women Presidents and Chancellors affinity group and the AASCU Policies and Practices Committee. She is a sponsor, mentor and faculty member of the AASCU Millennial Leadership Initiative.
Boze is a Higher Learning Commission (North Central Association of Colleges and Universities) AQIP Consultant/Evaluator and PEAQ peer reviewer.
She served as faculty for the 2007-2009 ACE National and Regional Leadership Forums and 2006, 2009-14 American Association of State Colleges and Universities Millennial Leadership Institutes. In addition, she annually serves as an AASCU MLI mentor and the HERS Bryn Mawr Summer Institute for Women in Higher Education Administration. Boze serves on the ACE Office of Women in Higher Education Executive Board.
She was a Team Leader for the 2007 AASCU Hispanic Student Success Report, and a 2008 delegate to the Mid-West Higher Education Consortium. Boze serves on the Editorial Boards of the international journal "Teaching & Learning in Higher and Continuing Education" and the American Council on Education "Network News".
Recent leadership.
Boze has served as the president of the Southwest Business Deans, Texas Council of Collegiate Education in Business (Texas College and University Business Deans), Junior Achievement (Rio Grande Valley, Texas) and Girl Scouts Susitna Council (Alaska).
She served from 1996 to 2005 as the State Coordinator of the American Council on Education Women's Network for Texas, and serves on the editorial board of ACE "Network News". From 1997-2005, she chaired the Women Administrators in Management Education (the women's affinity group) of the Association for the Advancement of Colleges and Schools of Business.
Delta Delta Delta leadership.
Boze is a third generation Delta Delta Delta (Theta Kappa, Southern Methodist University). She has served as the President of the Delta Delta Delta Alumnae Chapter (Alaska), President of the Rio Grande Valley Alumnae Chapter (Texas), State Reference Chairman (Alaska), Alumnae Advisor of the University of Arkansas collegiate chapter, Panhellenic Advisor at Louisiana State University Shreveport collegiate chapter and President of Wish Upon a Star, the Shreveport, Louisiana alumnae chapter philanthropy.
Environmental leadership.
Boze has a lifetime commitment to the environmental movement. She sewed and flew one of the first Ecology Flags for the original Earth Day. She is considered an international leader in Education for Sustainable Development. She was instrumental in the IAU Iquitos Statement on Higher Education for Sustainable Development, part of the United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development.
As both President of The College of The Bahamas and CEO and Dean of Kent State University at Stark, Boze signed the American College and University Presidents Climate Commitment, and the campus joined the Association for the Advancement of Sustainability in Higher Education. and become one of the largest recyclers in Stark County (Ohio). The campus is the site of Stark County's Earth Day and dedicated a pond as a federally protected wetland in 2007. Beginning with the 2008 graduating class, graduates were encouraged to take the "Graduation Pledge" of social and environmental responsibility.

</doc>
<doc id="9689467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689467" title="The Man from Snowy River">
The Man from Snowy River

The Man from Snowy River may refer to the following works:
Poem:
Film:
Television:
Stage musical:
Music:

</doc>
<doc id="9689470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689470" title="Giant Spiny">
Giant Spiny

There are several species of Phasmatodea which this common may apply to.
Please see the notes on Phasmatodea Common Names.

</doc>
<doc id="9689478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689478" title="The Rolling Stones Tour of Europe '76">
The Rolling Stones Tour of Europe '76

The Rolling Stones' Tour of Europe '76 was a concert tour of Europe that took place in Spring 1976.
History.
Tickets were in high demand; on 1 April the promoters announced that they had received more than one million applications in the mail for tickets for three shows at London's Earls Court; subsequently three more dates were added there. The routing also saw two dates in Yugoslavia – the Stones' second visit to a Communist country after 1967.
The tour began a few days after the 23 April release of the group's album "Black and Blue", and is documented by the 1977 concert release "Love You Live". Much of the material on that album is from the shows at Les Abattoirs in Paris from 4 June to 7 June. Keith Richards' 10-week-old son died of sudden infant death syndrome on 6 June, but Richards elected to keep the news secret and to play the shows as scheduled.Tony Vandeputte, played two nights at Earls Court as guest of his brother-in-law Steve Marriott (of Humble Pie and formerly Small Faces).
Tour band.
Additional musicians
Typical tour set list.
"All Down the Line" was played at the Frankfurt Festhalle. "Sympathy for the Devil" was played at Earls Court on 21-23 & 27 May. "Cherry Oh Baby" was played in Paris on 7 June.
The Rolling Stones also appeared at Knebworth Fair in August 1976, where they added "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction", "Around and Around", "Little Red Rooster", "Stray Cat Blues", "Let's Spend the Night Together", "Dead Flowers", "Route 66", a fragment of "Country Honk," "Wild Horses," and "Rip This Joint" to the above set list.

</doc>
<doc id="9689481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689481" title="Lewis Weston Dillwyn">
Lewis Weston Dillwyn

Lewis Weston Dillwyn, FRS (21 Aug 1778 – 31 Aug 1855) was a British porcelain manufacturer, naturalist and Member of Parliament.
He was born in Walthamstow, Essex, the eldest son of William Dillwyn (1743–1824) and Sarah Dillwyn (née Weston). His father, a Pennsylvanian Quaker had returned to Britain in 1777 during Philadelphia's worst period in the American War of Independence and settled at Higham Lodge, Walthamstow, Essex, UK. William Dillwyn was a vociferous anti-slavery campaigner and toured England and South Wales in his work for the Anti-Slavery Committee. William Dillwyn was related to George Haynes through the Emlen and Physick families in Philadelphia and it is likely that the opportunity to buy the Cambrian Pottery, Swansea, Glamorganshire from him came about through these family connections in America. 
William's letters to his daughter Suzanna are held by the Library Company in Philadelphia and stored at the Historical Society of Pennsylvania. These letters show that the factory was bought by William to keep Lewis active while the latter was suffering from gout. The highlight of this period of production of Swansea Pottery was the opening by Lewis Weston Dillwyn and George Haynes of the Cambrian Company, the Swansea Potteries London Warehouse on Fleet Street which operated between 1806-1807. In 1814 the pottery took over the workforce of the Nantgarw Pottery and began to make porcelain.
Lewis Weston Dillwyn however was also renowned for his published works on botany and conchology, including his 1809 work "The British Confervae", an illustrated study of British freshwater algae. Dillwyn is credited with discovering several species of the Conferva genus. Among the botanical illustrators of "The British Confervae" are the artists William Jackson Hooker, Ellen Hutchins and William Weston Young. He was elected in 1804 as a Fellow of the Royal Society.
In 1817 he temporarily retired from the pottery. In 1818 he became High Sheriff of Glamorgan and was elected to the First Reformed Parliament in 1834 as MP for Glamorganshire. He bought Sketty Hall near Swansea and was elected Mayor of Swansea in 1839. Dillwyn was also one of the founders of the Royal Institution of South Wales and its first President, and in 1840 he published a short history of Swansea.
He married Mary Adams, the daughter of Colonel John Llewelyn of Penllergaer, Llangyfelach in 1807. They had six children, including the noted photographer John Dillwyn Llewelyn (1810–1882), MP for Swansea Lewis Llewelyn Dillwyn (1814-1892) and pioneering female photographer Mary Dillwyn (1816-1906).
He died in Sketty Hall, Swansea, in 1855.
Taxa.
Taxa named by Dillwyn include:

</doc>
<doc id="9689493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689493" title="Arrondissement of Charleroi">
Arrondissement of Charleroi

The Arrondissement of Charleroi (; ) is one of the seven administrative arrondissements in the Province of Hainaut, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. However, the Judicial Arrondissement of Charleroi also comprises the municipalities of the Arrondissement of Thuin.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Charleroi consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9689494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689494" title="Del Wilber">
Del Wilber

Delbert Quentin Wilber (February 24, 1919 – July 18, 2002), was an American professional baseball player, manager, coach and scout. A catcher, he appeared in 299 Major League games for the St. Louis Cardinals (1946–49), Philadelphia Phillies (1951–52) and Boston Red Sox (1952–54). The native of Lincoln Park, Michigan, threw and batted right-handed. He stood tall and weighed .
Catcher with three MLB clubs.
Wilber signed with the American League St. Louis Browns in 1938, but was acquired by the Cardinals in 1940 and played in their extensive farm system until the outbreak of World War II; he missed the 1942–45 seasons while serving in the United States Army Air Force, where he attained the rank of captain. In , he resumed his baseball career and made his Major League debut, appearing in four games before being sent to the Triple-A Columbus Red Birds. He did not appear in the 1946 World Series.
Wilber played in 51 games for the 1947 Cardinals and 27 more in 1948, but did not spend a full season MLB again until , when he appeared in 84 games, 61 as the starting catcher, for the Phillies. After only two games played for the Phillies, Wilber was purchased by the Red Sox on May 12. He served for three seasons as the Red Sox' second-string and third-string receiver behind Sammy White, through 1954. Boston then traded him to the New York Giants for infielder Billy Klaus that December, but the Giants granted Wilber his release to enable him to join the coaching staff of the Chicago White Sox for the season.
On August 27, 1951, Wilber hit three home runs to lead the Phillies to a 3–0 victory over the Cincinnati Reds. Two years later, while playing for the Red Sox, Wilber had 27 hits and 29 runs batted in, making him one of the few big leaguers to have more RBIs than hits in a season.
In all or parts of eight MLB seasons, Wilber compiled 720 at bats, 67 runs, 174 hits, 35 doubles, seven triples, 19 homers, 115 RBI, one stolen base and 44 bases on balls. He batted .242 with an on-base percentage of .286, a slugging percentage of .389, 280 total bases and five sacrifice hits.
According to The Sporting News' "Official Baseball Register", Wilber had a unique hobby during his catching career. When a pitcher hurled an especially noteworthy game, Wilber would decorate a game baseball, writing the line score of the contest, as well as game highlights, on the ball, then present it to his pitcher.
Manager, scout and coach.
Wilber managed in minor league baseball both during his playing career and after it ended. He led the Cardinals' Houston Buffaloes Double-A farm club as a catcher-manager in 1949. Then, after hanging up his catching gear, he managed at the Triple-A level with the Louisville Colonels, Charleston Senators, Tacoma Twins, Denver Bears and Spokane Indians. He skippered affiliates of the Baltimore Orioles, both the original and expansion editions of the Washington Senators, and the Senators' current incarnations as the Texas Rangers and Minnesota Twins. 
His one-game stint as skipper of the 1973 Texas Rangers—as interim pilot between Whitey Herzog and Billy Martin on September 7, he won his only game as manager—occurred after Wilber led the Rangers' Spokane affiliate to the 1973 championship of the Pacific Coast League, one of three league titles in his minor-league resume. Wilber was a Major League coach for the 1955–56 White Sox and the 1970 Senators, serving under former teammates Marty Marion and Ted Williams. He also scouted for the Orioles, Twins, Cincinnati Reds, Oakland Athletics and Detroit Tigers.
Del Wilber died in St. Petersburg, Florida, at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="9689503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689503" title="Leeds North East by-election, 1956">
Leeds North East by-election, 1956

The Leeds North East byelection of 9 February 1956 was a by-election to the House of Commons. It was caused when the sitting Member, Osbert Peake, was awarded a Viscountcy in the New Year's Honours list (he took the title Viscount Ingleby). Sir Keith Joseph kept the seat for the Conservative Party with a slightly reduced numerical majority, but increased in percentage terms.
Candidates.
The Conservative Party's choice of Sir Keith Joseph reflected his strong performance at the 1955 general election when he had failed to be elected, but only by 125 votes, in the London constituency of Baron's Court. Joseph was then a 37-year-old director of building and civil engineering companies and non-practising Barrister. 
The Labour Party chose Harry Waterman, who had fought the constituency in the previous election. He was a 38-year-old local solicitor and a member of the Fabian Society. The election was a 'straight fight' with no Liberal or Independent candidate intervening.
Results.
Sir Keith Joseph won with a majority of 5,869 on a turnout substantially down on the general election. He held the seat until he retired in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="9689504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689504" title="Light Strike Vehicle">
Light Strike Vehicle

The Light Strike Vehicle (LSV) is an improved version of the Desert Patrol Vehicle (DPV) it replaced. Although the conventional US military replaced its DPVs with Humvees, special operation groups adopted the LSV for its small size and high mobility. It is part of the family of Internally Transportable Light Tactical Vehicles (IT-LTV). It is used for fast hit-and-run style raids (as its name suggests), scouting missions, special forces support, and low intensity guerrilla warfare.
Design.
Countermeasures.
The LSV is entirely unarmored, and thus offers no protection from small arms fire. The driver and passengers sit side by side in front, with the gunner sitting in an elevated rear-central seat in front of the engine. The gunner's seat can spin around to operate the 7.62 mm GPMG.
Mobility.
It can be air transported internally by CH-47 or CH-53 transport helicopters. The new ALSV has a more conventional appearance and differs from the original versions.
Armament.
A 7.62 mm MG (often an M60E3) is mounted rear-facing on the back of the engines. If TOW is mounted, it replaces the third passenger and rollover cage. Two AT4 are sometimes fitted forward-facing on roll over cage bars (one on each side) above driver.
Users.
Unlike the DPV, the LSV has had export success and is marketed as a light attack vehicle. The current generation model is the ALSV, with the "A" standing for "advanced". It is currently used by the United States Marine Corps, United States Army, United States Navy, and the armed forces of Greece, Mexico, Oman, Portugal, and Spain. The UK retired its LSVs in the mid-1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="9689515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689515" title="List of IATSE locals">
List of IATSE locals

This is a list of local International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees groups. See International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees for more details.

</doc>
<doc id="9689518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689518" title="Karl Luther">
Karl Luther

Karl Luther may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="9689519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689519" title="Desmond Lorenz de Silva">
Desmond Lorenz de Silva

Sir Desmond Lorenz de Silva, QC, KStJ (born 13 December 1939) is a prominent British lawyer, and former United Nations Chief War Crimes Prosecutor in Sierra Leone.
Background.
Desmond de Silva is of Sri Lankan and Anglo-Scottish origins and comes from a family of lawyers. He is the son of Fredrick de Silva, MBE, formerly Ceylon's ambassador to France and Switzerland, and the grandson of The Honorable George E. de Silva.
Family.
He married HRH Princess Katarina Karadjordjevic of Yugoslavia on 5 December 1987. She was the daughter of HRH Prince Tomislav of Yugoslavia and HRH Princess Margarita of Baden, a grand daughter of King Alexander of Yugoslavia and the 3x great granddaughter of Queen Victoria. They divorced on 6 May 2010. They have one daughter, Victoria Marie Esmé Margarita. Desmond has one sister, Helga de Silva, whose son, Detmar Blow was married to the late Isabella Blow.
Education.
A graduate of Dulwich College Preparatory School and Trinity College, Kandy, Sri Lanka, de Silva is a senior associate member of St. Antony's College, Oxford. He is a Bencher of the Honourable Society of the Middle Temple. 
Career.
Sir Desmond was called to the Bar in the Middle Temple in London in 1964, and appointed Queen's Counsel in 1984. He is one of the most high-profile criminal Queen's Counsel in England. He is a member of the Criminal Bar Association and the International Association of Prosecutors. In 2002, the UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan appointed him Deputy Prosecutor for the Special Court for Sierra Leone, at the level of an Assistant Secretary-General. Annan later promoted Sir Desmond to the post of Chief Prosecutor at the higher level of Under Secretary-General in 2005. He brought about the arrest of Charles Taylor, former President of Liberia, who was convicted of war crimes at the Hague in 2011. His role as a successful defence counsel has led to "The Times" referring to him as the "Scarlet Pimpernel" because he has saved so many people from execution in Commonwealth countries that still carry capital punishment. From 1980-95, he was the elected councillor for the largest Ward in the City of London. 
In 2003, de Silva was sent as envoy by the United Nations Development Programme to Belgrade to persuade Prime Minister Vojislav Kostunica and his government to surrender indicted war criminals.
De Silva's legal expertise includes war crimes,crimes against humanity, espionage, treason, drugs, terrorism, human rights, white-collar fraud and sports law. His clients have included Harry Redknapp, John Terry, Ron Atkinson, Hans Segers, Lawrence Dallaglio, Graham Rix, Lee Bowyer and Jamie Osborne. De Silva is a member of the Governing Council of the Manorial Society. In October 2011, with the approval of Prime Minister David Cameron, Sir Desmond was appointed to head a Review into collusion by the security services and other agencies of the state into the 1989 murder of the high profile Belfast lawyer Pat Finucane. The report was published on 12 December 2012, and acknowledged "a willful and abject failure by successive Governments"; however, Finucane's family called the De Silva report a "sham."
On 23 July 2010 he was appointed by the United Nations Human Rights Council to investigate Israel's interception of a Gaza-bound flotilla in international waters that led to 9 deaths.
In 2014 he was Chairman of an Inquiry into torture and executions of detainees in Syria.
The Report produced went before the Geneva 11 Peace Talks into the civil war in Syria.
Honours.
Sir Desmond was knighted in the 2007 New Year Honours, and is also a Knight of the Most Venerable Order of Saint John and a Knight Commander of the Royal Order of Francis I. He was sworn in as a Member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom in October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9689532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689532" title="Single-blade propeller">
Single-blade propeller

A single-blade propeller may be used on aircraft to generate thrust. Normally propellers are multiblades but the simplicity of a single-blade propeller fits well on motorized gliders, because it permits the design of a smaller aperture of the glider fuselage for retraction of the powerplant. The counterbalanced teetering mono-blade propeller generates fewer vibrations than conventional multiblade configurations.
See also.
Samara (fruit) single blade-like seed which autorotates in Nature.

</doc>
<doc id="9689535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689535" title="We Are Bis from Glasgow, Scotland">
We Are Bis from Glasgow, Scotland

We Are Bis from Glasgow, Scotland is the Greatest Hits album by the Scottish pop group Bis. It was released on April 30, 2007 on the Cherry Red record label.
Bonus DVD.
The album includes a DVD of the group's promo videos and an extensive photo gallery:

</doc>
<doc id="9689549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689549" title="Circuit Bancaixa 05/06">
Circuit Bancaixa 05/06

The "Escala and Corda" XV Professional League 05-06 of the Circuit Bancaixa is the top-level championship of the Valencian pilota, organized by the firm ValNet, on the Escala i corda variant.
It's played on several rounds. The first two ones are a league all-against all, the two worse teams are disqualified. Every victory sums up 3 points, but if the loser team attains 50 "jocs" they sum up 1 point. This way, on the first round there are 8 teams, on the second round there are 6 teams, and 4 on the semi-finals. The finals are played to the best of 3 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="9689561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689561" title="Alden Carter">
Alden Carter

Alden R. Carter (Born April 7, 1947) is an American writer primarily known for his young adult novels, stories, and non-fiction. His works have won numerous awards including six American Library Association Best Book awards. In 2002 Carter was named to Wisconsin Library Association's list "Notable Wisconsin Authors" placing him among the finest writers in the state. Aside from his YA work Carter has written a novel on the Civil War, "Bright Starry Banner", has published several works of adult non-fiction, and also has given over six hundred presentations to schools and conferences. 
Early life.
Carter was born in Eau Claire, Wisconsin. He realized his talent for writing early in life, "It was like a flashbulb went off in the back of my head," Carter met his future wife and sometimes collaborator, Carol Shadis, "One beautiful June afternoon, I spotted a dark-haired girl on the bridge over the river... And although it would take us nine years to tie the knot, we were in love almost from the first"[http://www.edupaperback.org/showauth2.cfm?authid=216. Carter attended the University of Kansas on a Navy ROTC scholarship, earning a bachelor’s degree in English and humanities. Following graduation,Carter served five years as a Navy officer, receiving several commendations and a nomination for the Navy Achievement Medal. He was discharged in 1974 and from 1976 to 1980 Carter taught English and Journalism in Marshfield, Wisconsin. Since 1980 Carter has focused on his writing, living in Marshfield with his wife. He has two children, Brian and Siri, with whom he has collaborated. Brian is an intern architect in Portland, OR and Siri is currently attending the University of Wisconsin - River Falls for equestrianism.
Career.
Carter's eleven novels are praised for their realism, vivid characterizaton, and the courage displayed by their protagonists in the face of both external and internal obstacles. "I find myself constantly impressed with their courage. Despite all the problems -- both traditional and recently invented -- that fill the teenage years, the vast majority not only survive, but triumph," Carter said [http://www.wla.lib.wi.us/readers/WLAC/Notable/Notable2002.htm]. His protagonists have faced such disparate conflicts as alcoholism ("Up Country"), racial and identity confusion ("Dogwolf"), and diabetes ("Between a Rock and Hard Place") often emerging with a newfound maturity and confidence. 
Carter was named to the Wisconsin Library Association's list "Notable Wisconsin Authors" in 2002 and his novel "Up Country" was selected in March 1994 for the ALA list The Best of the Best: the 100 Best Young Adult. Other novels, "Sheila's Dying", "Growing Season", "Up Country", "Between a Rock and a Hard Place", "Bull Catcher", and "Wart, Son of Toad" were named American Library Association Best Books for Young Adults. His Civil War novel, "Bright Starry Banner", combining an epic sized cast from every level of the military with vivid narration won the John Esten Cooke Fiction Award from the Military Order of the Stars & Bars.
Carter's twenty non-fiction books for children cover a wide range of topics, including electronics, military history, the People's Republic of China, and Shoshoni Indians. He has also written seven highly praised children's picture books for and about children facing medical challenges. His daughter Siri collaborated on "I'm Tougher than Asthma". Carol, a graduate of the Montana School of Photography, shot the photographs for several of the picture books, including "Stretching Ourselves: Kids with Cerebral Palsy" and "I'm Tougher than Diabetes".
References.
/>[http://www.wla.lib.wi.us/readers/WLAC/Notable/Notable2002.htm[http://www.edupaperback.org/showauth2.cfm?authid=216]

</doc>
<doc id="9689568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689568" title="Jo Matumoto">
Jo Matumoto

Jo Matumoto (born February 5, 1971 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian former professional baseball player. He is a left-handed pitcher.
Matumoto was born in Brazil and is of Japanese descent. He emerged from relative baseball obscurity, signed by the Toronto Blue Jays in 2007 as an undrafted free agent at the age of 36. Matumoto's wife had contacted agent Randy Hendricks as she desperately searched for someone in North America to give Matumoto an opportunity. Matumoto did not speak any English at that time. He became a free agent at the end of the season.
While playing baseball in Japan, Matumoto was part of an "industrial league" team in Japanese professional baseball, essentially the Japanese equivalent of the Minor League Baseball circuit. He was signed by the Nippon Blue Jays—a team unaffiliated with the Toronto Blue Jays, but founded by a former Toronto Blue Jays farm team player, fellow Brazilian Jose Pett. Matumoto would play in Japan from 1996 until 2001.
Matumoto returned to Brazil and has seen action playing for their national baseball team since and was named the Most Valuable Player (MVP) in the South American Games when he led Brazil to a victory over Venezuela. He was considered the ace of the national team. Matumoto pitches with a three-quarters delivery, throwing in the high 80s with a solid slider. His best pitch was a screwball.

</doc>
<doc id="9689572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689572" title="Sessions House, Usk">
Sessions House, Usk

The Sessions House at Usk, Wales, is a Victorian courthouse by Thomas Henry Wyatt of 1877. The building was opened by Samuel Richard Bosanquet, of Dingestow Court, then Chairman of the Monmouthshire Quarter Sessions. It is a Grade II* listed building as of 4 January 1974.
The court is of mauve sandstone with dressings of Bath stone. It is of five bays, with a cornice, parapet and balustraded terrace. It originally contained two courtrooms but Court Number 1 was gutted by fire in 1944 and was not re-built. Court Number 2 "survives little altered."
"There is an impressive judge’s chair and the benches retain their original labels for Counsel, Solicitors, Reporters, Jury etc." A passage under the dock leads through to Usk Prison which stands next door.
The Sessions House saw two major nineteenth century trials: those of Margaret Mackworth, 2nd Viscountess Rhondda, a prominent suffragette; and of Josef Garcia, a Spanish seaman, who was tried and convicted of the murder of William and Elizabeth Watkins of Llangybi and of their three youngest children Charlotte, Alice and Frederick in 1878.
The building was purchased by Usk Town Council to mark the Millennium, and it is now used as the town hall and for community use.

</doc>
<doc id="9689580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689580" title="Garraun Point">
Garraun Point

Garraun Point, on the Dingle Peninsula, County Kerry, Ireland, is the westernmost point of mainland Ireland. It is located 2.5 km northwest of Slea Head. Latitude (DMS): 52° 6' 12 N Longitude (DMS): 10° 30' 40 W

</doc>
<doc id="9689604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689604" title="Permission to Kill">
Permission to Kill

Permission to Kill, also known as The Executioner, is a 1975 spy film thriller made by Sascha-Verleih and distributed by AVCO Embassy Pictures. It was directed by Cyril Frankel and produced by Paul Mills from a screenplay by Robin Estridge. The film had original music by Richard Rodney Bennett and the cinematography was by Freddie Young.
The film stars Dirk Bogarde, Ava Gardner and Bekim Fehmiu with Timothy Dalton, Nicole Calfan and Frederic Forrest.
The film is an Austrian-British-American co-production and was shot on location in Gmunden, Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="9689614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689614" title="Charlie Jones (sportscaster)">
Charlie Jones (sportscaster)

Charlie Jones (November 9, 1930 – June 12, 2008) was an American Emmy Award-winning sportscaster for NBC and ABC.
Biography.
Education.
Born in Fort Smith, Arkansas, Jones earned an undergraduate degree at the University of Southern California and a law degree at the University of Arkansas.
Career.
American Football League/National Football League.
Jones began his sportscasting career at local television and radio stations in Fort Smith, before signing on as a broadcaster for the fledgling Dallas Texans of the American Football League in 1960. Jones also began calling AFL games for ABC that year.
In 1965, he moved to NBC, continuing to broadcast the AFL and later the National Football League. He would work NFL games until 1997, when NBC lost their NFL (AFC) broadcasting rights to CBS. Among Jones' notable broadcasts was in January 1993 when he covered the Buffalo Bills vs. Houston Oilers wildcard game, in which the Bills rallied from a 35-3 second half deficit to defeat the Oilers in overtime.
In 1997, Jones was awarded the Pro Football Hall of Fame's Pete Rozelle Radio-Television Award. He also received an Emmy Award in 1973 for his part as writer, producer and host of the documentary "Is Winning the Name of the Game?"
Other broadcasting duties and appearances.
During his time at NBC, Jones also broadcast the 1988 Summer Olympics, 1986 FIFA World Cup, 1991 Ryder Cup, 1992 Summer Olympics and 1996 Summer Olympics, as well as Major League Baseball, PGA Tour golf, and Wimbledon tennis.
He was the play-by-play announcer for the 1986 college football national championship, where Penn State defeated Miami 14-10 in the 1987 Fiesta Bowl.
In 1999, he returned to ABC Sports to call college football until the 2001 season.
He was the announcer for auto races including the 1988 Meadowlands Grand Prix.
He was also a play-by-play announcer for the Cincinnati Reds in 1973, the California Angels in 1990, and the Colorado Rockies from 1993-95.
In the mid-1970s, he hosted "Almost Anything Goes, The American Frontier", and "Pro-Fan".
Jones, along with Frank Shorter, provided the voices of the TV announcers for a fictionalized staging of the U.S. Olympic Track and Field trials in the 1982 film "Personal Best".
Death.
Jones died at age 77 in La Jolla, California of a massive heart attack.

</doc>
<doc id="9689622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689622" title="Arrondissement of Turnhout">
Arrondissement of Turnhout

The Arrondissement of Turnhout (; ) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Province of Antwerp, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. The territory of the Judicial Arrondissement of Turnhout coincides with that of the "Administrative Arrondissement of Turnhout" and part of the Campine region.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Turnhout consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9689643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689643" title="KQPN">
KQPN

KQPN is the local sports radio station located in West Memphis, Arkansas, and serving the Memphis, Tennessee, area. The station is branded as "Memphis' Sports Station", and is commonly referred to as '730 Yahoo Sports'. 
KQPN is also Memphis' home for Mississippi State athletics.
History.
KSUD signed on 1962 and played rock and roll. By 1963, the music was a mix of folk, country, and gospel. Previous formats include Contemporary Christian.
In May 2005 KSUD became an ESPN Radio affiliate and changed its letters to KQPN later that year. On August 4, 2008, ESPN moved to WSMB from KQPN, and KQPN took over the Fox Sports programming from WSMB the next day.
KQPN became affiliated with Yahoo! Sports Radio on December 5, 2011 after Entercom's WMC-AM acquired Fox Sports Radio away from KQPN beginning on October 17, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9689644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689644" title="Bryan Hodge">
Bryan Hodge

Bryan Johnstone Hodge (born 23 September 1987) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Stenhousemuir. Hodge is a versatile midfielder who has represented Scotland at under-17, under-18, under-19 and under-20 levels.
Career.
Born in Hamilton, Hodge began his professional footballing career as a trainee with Blackburn Rovers in August 2006. He was loaned to Mansfield Town in late February 2007 in order to gain first-team experience, and made nine appearances before returning to Blackburn in April 2007. He joined Millwall on loan in November 2007, for whom he made 13 league and cup appearances in a two month spell. He signed a new contract with Blackburn before joining Darlington on loan in February 2008. Hodge made his Blackburn Rovers debut as an 83rd minute substitution for Matt Derbyshire in the FA Cup against Blyth Spartans in January 2009.
On 4 July 2009, Hodge signed a two year contract with Partick Thistle.
In August 2011, Hodge appeared as an unused substitute on the bench, as a trialist, for Greenock Morton in two league games. However, after not being offered a contract at Cappielow, Hodge signed with Second Division side Brechin City.
On 8 June 2012, Hodge signed for Scottish Second Division side Stenhousemuir.
Representative honours.
Hodge has represented Scotland at under-17, under-18, under-19 and under-20 levels.

</doc>
<doc id="9689645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689645" title="Deva (film)">
Deva (film)

Devaa is a Tamil movie starring Vijay, Sivakumar and Swathi in the lead roles. It was directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar. The music is scored by Deva.
Plot.
The film is a story of romance that centers around two lovers: Devaa (Vijay) and Bharadhi (Swathi). The two are deep in love but encounter opposition from Bharadhi's father (Sivakumar), the head of the village. Sivakumar believes that his daughter's suitor is not a suitable one, due to his perceived reputation throughout the village. Although the son of the well to do Manorama, it comes to light that Sivakumar's disapproval stems from his relationship with his brother, who is seemingly apathetic and lackadaisical. The film ends happily with Sivakumar recognizing that his now son-in-law is in actuality a really upstanding citizen in the village. The two young lovers overcome all problems and live their lives happily married.
Soundtrack.
The music composed by Deva, while lyrics written by Vaali, Pulamaipithan and Kalidasan.

</doc>
<doc id="9689646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689646" title="HNoMS Rauma (1939)">
HNoMS Rauma (1939)

As the threat of war in Europe became ever more clear the decision was made to improve the Royal Norwegian Navy's mine warfare capabilities. At first a number of "2. class" gunboats were rebuilt into minelayers and minesweepers, but with war looming it soon became clear that more capable vessels were required. Thus, two new purpose-built minesweepers were constructed at Nylands Verksted in Oslo; the "Otra" and the Rauma. Both ships were completed and commissioned only a short time before the German invasion of Norway. The "Otra" class vessels used the Oropesa system of minesweeping.
The invasion.
Prelude.
Shortly before the German invasion the UK announced that the Royal Navy had laid out a number of minefields along the coast of Norway to interfere with the German import of Swedish iron ore through the North Norwegian port of Narvik. The British government claimed to have mined three areas; off Stad, Hustadvika, and Landegode north of Bodø. In response to this report, the Norwegian government ordered the minesweepers "Otra" and "Rauma" to sail north from their base in Horten and sweep the minefields on 9 April 1940.
The invasion force is spotted.
Before the order to go north could be carried out, however, the German invasion of Norway began in the early hours of 9 April. As reports of intruding warships started coming in "Otra" was sent out to investigate, and at 0410hrs reported that the intruders were German. The invasion flotilla blocked "Otra"s return to Horten.
Battle in Horten harbour.
An important part of the Germans' plan to invade Norway was the seizure of the Royal Norwegian Navy's main naval base at Horten in the Oslofjord. A force consisting of the R-boat R boats "R.17" and "R.27" and the torpedo boats "Albatros" and "Kondor" entered Horten harbour at 0435 hrs, shortly after the invasion was identified by "Otra". Defending the naval base was "Rauma" and the minelayer HNoMS "Olav Tryggvason". "Rauma" charged the enemy vessels with her single 76 mm gun and two machine guns, succeeding in helping the "Olav Tryggvason" sink the "R.17" and force a damaged "Albatros" to flee the area. However, despite the intense fire from the two Norwegian warships, the "R.27" managed to land a small force of infantry in the harbour before running aground after repeated hits. While running the gauntlet between the Norwegian ships the "R.27" returned fire and hit "Rauma" repeatedly, severely damaging the minesweeper and killing her commander, Lieutenant Ingolf Carl Winsnes, and a sailor, as well as wounding six others. Only eight crew members remained unwounded. At 0735hrs, after threats of aerial bombardment of the naval base and the city right next to it, as well as a misguided impression of the size of the German landing force, the Norwegian forces at Horten surrendered.
German service as the "Kamerun".
After the German capture of Horten the surrendered Norwegian vessels were pressed into Kriegsmarine service. "Rauma" was repaired and recommissioned as the Kamerun on 18 April 1940. "Kamerun" first served as a Vorpostenboot in the Hafenschutzflotille Oslo, later being converted into a minelayer. "Kamerun" spent her entire war in Norway and was part of the German Mine Sweeping Administration (GM-SA) after the German surrender in 1945.
Post-war service.
After the war "Rauma" was recommissioned in 1947 and in 1949 was rebuilt as a minelayer training ship. She was decommissioned in Horten 21 August 1959 and laid up until put out of service and sold in April 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="9689651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689651" title="Manhattan Country School">
Manhattan Country School

Manhattan Country School is a private coeducational PreK-8 school with its main location in Manhattan and a farm in Roxbury, New York. Founded in 1966, it is distinctive because of its multicultural and progressive educational philosophy, the diversity of its student body, its sliding scale tuition system, its incorporation of farm experiences and the activism of its students.
History.
Manhattan Country School's origins are rooted in the social, ideological, and educational principles of the 1960s. Founders Gus and Marty Trowbridge were encouraged by judicial decisions in favor of equal opportunity and inspired by the leadership of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Curriculum.
The curriculum at MCS is very rigorous, demanding, and sufficiently challenging for students. Until the 6-7s (1st grade), students are not giving any homework. Once students reach the 6-7s, homework is given to them weekly on Wednesday. The amount of homework starts to slowly increase while students are in the Lower School. In the 8-9s and 9-10s (3rd and 4th grades), students are assigned to read a certain amount of books every year, and record their weekly reading process in a reading log.
From Pre-K until the 8th grade, there is a theme or central focus in the year's curriculum. For example, the 8-9s, the focus is on Native Americans, and eventually branches out to European Explorers. Students must put on plays inspired by the explorer that they have been assigned to study. In the 9-10s, the primary focus is Migration to the Americas, and students take class trips to Washington Heights and even Ellis Island. The themes and focuses in the classroom become more complex as students enter the Upper School. In the 5th grade, students study Sumarian life, environmental issues, and also Egypt. Toward the end of the year, an Egyptian market (which 5th graders put together), is held in the school Library. All classes can come and visit. In the sixth grade, students learn about the Civil Rights Movement, by delving into autobiographies, watching documentaries, and even putting together a play, which is presented at the annual Martin Luther King, Jr. assembly. In the 7th and 8th grade, History, Science and English are taught with a mixed group of 7th and 8th graders in the classroom. An alternating two-year program is put together for these three subjects. For example, an entering 8th grader would be learning about the topics that the last year's graduates learned about when they were in 7th grade).
The English Department is particularly strong at MCS. Students read a wide variety of novels, and with 7th and 8th graders, a Shakespeare play is incorporated in the year's curriculum annually. Novels and plays that students have read as part of the curriculum include, "The Catcher in the Rye", "To Kill a Mockingbird" and "Romeo and Juliet ".
Farm program.
The Manhattan Country School Farm is a small working farm in the northern Catskill Mountains, located 150 miles from New York City in Roxbury, New York.
Students tend the gardens, care for the animals (chickens, cows, pigs and sheep), learn to weave, explore fields, mountains and streams, and study traditional and contemporary life in the Catskills. Farm trips emphasize human dependence on natural processes and community members' reliance on each other. Working together to make the farm relatively self-sufficient, students learn to use farm products for food, fuel, and clothing. At the same time they examine the economies of nature, in the wild and on the farm, and determine the best measures for environmental conservation. Sharing these activities, attending daily classes, and performing household and barn chores, the students come to function as a mutually reliant community.
The daily schedule begins at 7:00 a.m. Morning and evening barn chores include egg collecting, feeding animals and cleaning their pens. Household chores involve setting tables and cleaning up after meals, and cleaning the entire house. These jobs are rotated and every child has two or three tasks to do each day.
Morning and afternoon classes include meal planning and cooking, churning butter, baking bread, and preserving garden produce; seasonal farm work such as planting and harvesting, assisting with sheep shearing, and collecting sap to boil into maple syrup; outdoor maintenance work such as fence repair, caring for nature trails, splitting fire wood, and keeping the wood bins stocked; textiles processes such as carding, spinning, dyeing and weaving the wool from our sheep; nature field trips in the woods and fields and along the streams on the farm; hikes to scenic promontories in the Catskills and visits to other farms or places of historical interest.
A daily quiet hour is used for independent study, reading or journal writing. After-dinner activities might be an evening nature walk, a dramatic game or performance, story-reading, or an outdoor group game. Bedtime is 8:30 for younger children, later for older groups. Disregarding Farm rules such as safety, fire, bedtime and behavior guidelines can lead to suspension from a farm trip.
The Upper School is made up of the 5th to 8th grades. These grades must complete requirements to graduate from the school, and with helpful staff, all students graduate (unless expelled). The completed requirements from the 7th grade are brought over to the 8th grade when they move up.
The requirements are as the following:
Community Service.
The 8th grade of Manhattan Country School every year must make a speech and read it on Martin Luther King Junior's Birthday as part of a preplanned march. The 8th grade is required to go to the march in order to graduate from the school. The march is an open event and allows anyone to walk and leave as they please. Only the 8th graders are required to stay.
The 7th and 8th grades have an activism project every year. Guided by the history teacher in recent years, the two grades, find a way to help solve society's problems. This year the two grades are fighting for Youth Immigration and the DREAM Act.
Tuition System.
Manhattan Country School has a distinctive sliding scale tuition system that was originally known as "Tuition Reform" and is now called the "Family Financial Commitment Plan." The system was designed to eliminate the distinction between "scholarship" and "full tuition" students by encouraging all families to pay for school using a sliding scale tuition based on family income. Families of sufficient means are asked to voluntarily contribute a comparable percentage of their incomes to the percentage asked of other families. The concepts behind the plan were originally developed by Frank Roosevelt and Hugh Southern in the context of intense debates during early years of MCS. That process is described in Frank Roosevelt and Thomas Vitullo-Martin, Tuition Reform for Private Schools: The Manhattan Country School Plan .
That scale is, in part, based on the "cost per child" which is the total budget divided by the number of students (with some adjustment for grade level). "Full tuition" is equal to the cost per child. The principle behind this is that families of means should not be subsidized by annual giving or the endowment; this is in contrast to many other schools which have a "gap" that represents the difference between tuition and the actual cost of educating a child.
Each year, families receive a Family Financial Worksheet which is used to calculate their contracted fee based on household income with an adjustment for assets. Currently the highest rate for tuition is 12 percent of this adjusted figure. Families whose calculated rate yield an among higher than the cost per child are asked to pledge an amount equal to the difference between the two amounts.
Student body.
Manhattan Country School was founded with the goal of being a model racially integrated school. Today it remains well known for the diversity of its student body. There is no racial majority. According to the MCS website [http://www.manhattancountryschool.org/images/stories/pdf_files/factsheet1-students.pdf] 45% of the student body is white, 28% is African American, 19% is Hispanic/Latino and 8% is Asian American. About 22% of students define themselves as multiracial or biracial. MCS is considered the most racially and ethnically diverse independent school in New York and perhaps nationally.
Approximately 70 percent of MCS students pay less than the full "cost per child." This is among the highest percentages of students receiving financial aid at any independent school.
Enrollment typically consists of 190 students evenly divided between girls and boys.
High School Program.
MCS has a strong high school counseling program, in which school faculty orchestrate a weekly High School Placement class for eighth graders. During this class, which begins in the first weeks of school and ends near winter break, Deans or Associate Deans of Admission come to MCS and provide information about the schools that they represent. Schools that have visited MCS include: The Dwight-Englewood School, The Northfield Mount Hermon School, Suffield Academy and The Calhoun school. Only independent day and boarding schools are scheduled for appointments at the school. In addition, eighth graders are equipped with a public school directory book, listing the best public schools in New York City. The same is for parochial schools. An ISEE Test and SSAT guidance course is also offered to eighth graders, taught by an instructor from a testing organization from outside of the school. MCS faculty realize that applying to high schools is a toilsome experience, so students are always welcome to share their feelings with high school counselors in the Third Floor Office.
MCS students attend some of the most prestigious secondary institutions in New York City. MCS graduates have enrolled in: Packer Collegiate Institute, Ethical Culture Fieldston School, PPAS, St. Ann's School (New York City), Friends Seminary, Bronx High School of Science, Trinity School (New York City), Fordham Preparatory School, Eleanor Roosevelt High School (New York City), LaGuardia High School, and many others. Some graduates have decided to branch out of the city. Boarding schools that MCS graduates have enrolled in are: The Lawrenceville School, Westtown School, Williston Northampton School, The Hotchkiss School, Phillips Academy and George School.
Related Publications.
Bennett, Adrian Education in an Unequal and Diverse Society An anthropologist studies MCS.
Augustus Trowbridge, "Begin with a Dream: How a Public School with a Private Mission Changed the Politics of Race, Class, and Gender in American Education" Memoir by the co-founder of MCS.
Frank Roosevelt and Thomas Vitullo-Martin, Tuition Reform for Private Schools: The Manhattan Country School Plan 

</doc>
<doc id="9689653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689653" title="Luis Saslavsky">
Luis Saslavsky

Luis Saslavsky (April 21, 1903 in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina – March 20, 1995 in Buenos Aires, age 91) was an Argentine film director, screenwriter and film producer, and one of the influential directors in the Cinema of Argentina of the classic era. He directed and wrote over 40 films between 1931 and 1979.
He directed films such as Crimen a las tres in 1935 and wrote for films such as Allá en el Norte in 1973. He retired from the industry in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="9689674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689674" title="Real estate trends">
Real estate trends

A real estate trend is any consistent pattern or change in the general direction of the real estate industry which, over the course of time, causes a statistically noticeable change. This phenomenon can be a result of the economy, a change in mortgage rates, consumer speculations, or other fundamental and non-fundamental reasons.
Property values declining instead of rising.
MSN reports that home prices have dropped by a record amount and illustrates with a chart of historical real estate prices. Real estate property values have trended upward in the range of 2-5% almost every year since World War II, but since 2006 they have declined. From 2007 to 2008 prices declined as much as 39% per year -though the average decline appears to be lower. 
Buyer agency growth.
At one time, all real estate brokers and agents, or Realtors, practiced "single agency," meaning they represented only the buyer or the seller. In the 1990s, the concept of buyer agency became popular, allowing a buyer to retain an agent who would represent the best interests of the buyer alone. The first national company to provide this service was The Buyer's Agent, Inc. A 2008 study by "Consumer Reports" indicates that prior to this development, a Realtor was presumed by state law to be working for the seller. The same study shows that buyers using buyer agents obtained a savings of $5000 in the price of the home as compared to prices paid by unrepresented buyers. It remains true that an unrepresented real estate buyer can still call the sellers agent to arrange a showing of the property. In such cases, the buyer should be advised by Agency Disclosure Laws (a state law in every state in the U.S.) that any information obtained, as well as all conversations and negotiations undertaken, will be for the benefit of the seller.
Lower commission rates.
Historical rates are presented in a report by the Government Accountability Office, Congress's investigative arm. A 2005 study of real estate commission rates, reported that realtors tended to charge, "about 5 percent to 7 percent of a property's selling price...". More recently, CBS News, "60 Minutes" television news magazine reported in 2007 that competitive pressure resulting from a record number of licensed agents has driven down the average sales commission rates paid by sellers. The current average at that time was reported to be roughly five percent (with possible small adjustments to local markets).
Marketing trends.
The Internet has became major lead generation method real estate marketing, eclipsing local newspapers and all other sources as the consumers most preferred method to learn about homes for sale. "An overwhelming majority (87%) of recent home buyers in the US say they used the internet as an information resource during their home-buying process, and nearly one-third say they first learned about their newly purchased home from an online channel, according to a study by the National Association of Realtors (NAR). Majority of real estate companies use popular internet marketing methods like SEO, advertising and social media.
Websites like Craigslist (United States), Daft.ie (Republic of Ireland) and Gumtree (UK) became in 21st century main sources for both buyers and sellers. Rapid changes in market environment forced some countries to introduce new laws regulating real property market in the web.
Even with introduction of internet, traditional media and methods of generating leads were still an important part of Real Estate trade:
US government involvement.
The United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division announced the launch of a new website in October 2007 to "educate consumers and policymakers about the potential benefits that competition can bring to consumers of real estate brokerage services and the barriers that inhibit that competition." Among other findings, they report that certain new sales models can reduce consumer home sales costs "by thousands of dollars. For example, in states that allow open competition, some buyer's brokers rebate up to two-thirds of their commission to the customer, and some seller's brokers offer limited-service packages that let sellers list their homes on the local Multiple Listing Service (MLS) for as little as a few hundred dollars."

</doc>
<doc id="9689677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689677" title="Arrondissement of Marche-en-Famenne">
Arrondissement of Marche-en-Famenne

The Arrondissement of Marche-en-Famenne (; ) is one of the five administrative arrondissements in the Province of Luxembourg, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. However, the Judicial Arrondissement of Marche-en-Famenne also comprises the municipalities of Gouvy, Houffalize and Vielsalm in the Arrondissement of Bastogne.
Municipalities.
The Administrative Arrondissement of Marche-en-Famenne consists of the following municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="9689684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689684" title="Circuit Bancaixa 04/05">
Circuit Bancaixa 04/05

The "Escala and Corda" XIV Professional League 04-05 of the Circuit Bancaixa is the top-level championship of the Valencian pilota, organized by the firm ValNet, on the Escala i corda variant.
It was played on several rounds. The first three ones were a league where teams tried to get as much points as possible. Every victory sums up 3 points, but if the loser team attains 50 "jocs" they sum up 1 point. The 4 teams who had the biggest scorings got qualified to the one-match semi-finals. The best two teams played a final match.

</doc>
<doc id="9689687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689687" title="Chong Heihu">
Chong Heihu

Chong Heihu (Chinese: 崇黑虎; Pinyin: Chóng Hēihǔ; Heihu literally means black tiger) is a character featured within the famed classic Chinese novel "Fengshen Yanyi". He is the younger brother of Chong Houhu, the Grand Duke of the North. 
In appearance, Chong Heihu could be seen wearing a Nine-Cloud-Burning-Flame helmet equipped with a jade belt, a bright red robe, and golden chain mail. With a long red beard, eyes like two golden bells, and duel golden axes by his side, Chong Heihu was a feared man of great prowess. 
At the time of Chong Houhu's third desperate retreat, Chong Heihu would come from the Cao region with three thousand flying tiger soldiers to assist. In time, Chong Heihu, along with his elder brother, would approach the Ji province's city gate. However, Chong Heihu solely wished to talk matters through with his old friend, Su Hu. Su Hu's son, Su Quanzhong would appear before Chong Heihu and bark words of malcontent. Thus, Chong Heihu lifted his legendary golden axes to show Quanzhong his place. Through their battle, Chong Heihu was immensely surprised at the skill of Quanzhong with his spear. Chong Heihu would thus retreat, and Quanzhong pursued with persistence. However, Chong Heihu used this chance to unleash the legendary magical gourd from his back (a gourd previously given to him by a superiorman). Black smoke spewed forth even covering the entire sun in an instant. While summoning a sacred eagle as well, Chong Heihu would knock Quanzhong from his horse and effectively capture him.
Some time following this point, the renowned crow commander Zheng Lun would appear before Chong Heihu's camp and ask for battle. Chong Heihu would retort with the words, ""Man! How dare you made such bold speech? Your master, having rebelled against the king, will have his body broken and his bones powdered. You, my friend, will enjoy the same fate!"" Thus Chong Heihu would exert his full renown within his battle against Zheng Lun. Zheng Lun, a great man destined to be a god, easily realized that Chong Heihu's large gourd was full of magic potential, and he would thus exert two large jets of smoke from his nostrils which would knock Chong Heihu from his saddle, unconscious. Once captured, Chong Heihu would drink with his old friend, Su Hu. Once Ji Chang took action and ended the coalition with a simple letter, Chong Heihu would head back to his region after expressing his immense respect and gratitude.
Chong Heihu was appointed as the deity of Nanyue Emperor (南岳大帝) in the end.

</doc>
<doc id="9689689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689689" title="List of saints canonized by Pope John Paul II">
List of saints canonized by Pope John Paul II

This article contains the saints canonized by Pope John Paul II. Pope John Paul II canonized a record number of individuals during his twenty-six-year reign as Pope from 1978–2005: 

</doc>
<doc id="9689698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689698" title="Camille Jones">
Camille Jones

Camille Jones (born 28 November 1973) is a Danish pop singer, songwriter and record producer. She is known for her song "The Creeps" written by herself and remixed by Dutch DJ Fedde le Grand, which has become a worldwide clubhit in the dance scene.
Career.
Camille Jones was born in Skanderborg, Denmark, grew up in Aarhus, and spent a year as a YFU exchange student in the United States. In 2000 she enjoyed success within the Danish and European music scenes with the release of her début album "Camille Jones", which featured the singles "Daddy Would Say" and "Nothing Comes From Nothing".
In 2004 she released her album "Surrender", which featured the single "The Creeps". The first video - produced by Mikkel Serup - was nominated for a Danish Music Award in 2005. Dutch DJ-producer Fedde le Grand signed the song to his own burgeoning Flamingo Recordings imprint and completed a House remix. In early 2007 the remix had been picked up by radiostations in the UK and all over Europe before it was released on Ministry of Sound in March 2007. Marcus Adams directed a new video for the single. The song had become a hit on the charts and the clubs as well. In the UK "The Creeps" reached #7 on the Single Charts and #1 on the Dance Charts.
Camille's third album "Barking Up The Wrong Tree" was released in Scandinavia in 2008 and featured the dance singles "Difficult Guys", "I Am (What You Want Me To Be)" and "Get Me Out". Videos for "Difficult Guys" and "I Am (What You Want Me To Be)" were produced to promote the record.
In January 2011 Jones collaborated with Kato, Ida Corr and Johnson on the Danish-language dance single "Sjus". The song debuted at number 1 on the Danish Single charts.

</doc>
<doc id="9689708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689708" title="List of living Prime Ministers of Sweden">
List of living Prime Ministers of Sweden

This is the list of all of the former or current Prime Ministers of Sweden alive during each Ministry, from the appointment of Louis De Geer as the first Prime Minister.

</doc>
<doc id="9689709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689709" title="Sofya Melikyan">
Sofya Melikyan

Sofya Melikyan is an Armenian pianist, born in Yerevan.
To date, Melikyan toured throughout Spain, Germany, France, Russia, Canada, Armenia, Japan, Australia, Italy, Serbia and the U.S. She appeared as a soloist with the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra, Radio and Television Symphony Orchestra of Spain, Cordoba Symphony Orchestra, Valencia Symphony Orchestra, New Europe Chamber Orchestra, Philharmonic Orchestra of Andalucía, among others.
Melikyan's performances have been broadcast at National Radio and Television of Spain, National Radio and Television of Armenia, National Radio of Catalonia, Chicago WFMT Radio Station, Muzzik French Television Station, New York WXQR Radio Station, among others. Melikyan has also released two CDs featuring the music of Haydn, Schumann, Rachmaninoff, Albeniz, Dutilleux and Khachaturian.
Sofya Melikyan has been awarded First Prize and a Prize for outstanding Music Talent at the Marisa Montiel International Piano Competition in Linares, First Prize at the Ibiza International Piano Competition in Spain, First Prize for Music Interpretation awarded by “Amigos del Colegio de España” Association in Paris. She has also received top and special prizes at the 15th Jose Iturbi and Maria Canals International Competitions in Spain.
Recent and upcoming performance highlights include tours in Japan, Australia, Canada, Europe and USA; appearances at Great Lakes Chamber Music Festival with violist Kim Kashkashian; European tour with Sima Trio; concerto appearances with the Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra, and Radio and Television Orchestra of Spain.
Sofya Melikyan completed her studies at the Royal Conservatory of Madrid with Joaquin Soriano, École Normale de Musique de Paris with Ramzi Yassa and Manhattan School of Music in New York where she was a scholarship student of Solomon Mikowsky. Other pianists who have mentored her are Brigitte Engerer, Galina Eguiazarova and Elena Tatulyan.

</doc>
<doc id="9689710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689710" title="Peter Allen (UK broadcaster)">
Peter Allen (UK broadcaster)

Peter Edwin Allen (born 4 February 1946, Rochford) is an award-winning English radio broadcaster with 40 years' experience in journalism. He is the current presenter of BBC Radio 5 Live's "Drive" programme and has been with the station since it started in 1994.
Early life.
Allen comes from Essex and attended the independent Brentwood School, "alma mater" of Jack Straw. At 18, he left school and started work with his local newspaper. He emigrated to Australia and worked for the Sydney "Daily Telegraph".
Broadcasting career.
Allen moved to radio in the 1970s, joining the newly launched news service for UK commercial radio, Independent Radio News. and while working at Westminster, he eventually became the network's political editor. He also worked at sister radio station, LBC the London news and talk station, as a presenter. Allen switched to television and was ITN political correspondent until 1992, when he was one of "a string of high-profile resignations" following the company's budget cuts. He left ITN to join London News Network.
On 1 March 1994, the BBC announced that Allen was to host its new Breakfast programme on BBC Radio 5 Live. In 1997, the Breakfast programme was extended by half an hour. Also in 1997 "The Times" described the "witty repartee" of Allen and co-presenter Jane Garvey as the best illustration of the station's tone, "friendly, informal, brisk, and mercifully, not terribly politically correct."
On 31 August 1997, Allen and James Naughtie hosted the BBC Radio coverage of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales which saw Radios 2, 3, 4 and 5 Live taking a single programme. This coverage won a Sony Award for best news event. During 13 years working together at Five Live, following "Breakfast" with "Drive", Allen and Garvey won 6 Sony Awards including the gold award for news broadcaster of the year in 2002.
In 2007, the press, including "The Daily Telegraph" and the "Daily Mail", cited unnamed sources that Allen had been rejected as John Humphrys' replacement on Radio 4's "Today" programme because he was not "posh enough" and did not have an Oxbridge background. A BBC spokesperson responded, "The reason we are not commenting is that it is about whether or not someone went for a job that may or not exist. Consequently, we cannot really get into it."
Peter currently presents Radio 5's Drive programme for four days a week with Anna Walker, who joined him as co-host in May 2013. He also chairs conferences and hosts events and award ceremonies, as well as performing as an after dinner speaker. In July 2014, the BBC announced that he was moving to a morning slot for 3 days a week replacing Victoria Derbyshire who was leaving the station.

</doc>
<doc id="9689714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689714" title="Ferdinand Lot">
Ferdinand Lot

Ferdinand Victor Henri Lot (Le Plessis Piquet, 20 September 1866 – Fontenay-aux-Roses, 20 July 1952) was a French historian and medievalist.
Lot was a member of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres, part of the Institut de France, and an honorary professor at the Sorbonne.

</doc>
<doc id="9689762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689762" title="Rasigan">
Rasigan

Rasigan () is a Tamil film released on 8 July 1994 and was directed by "S. A. Chandrasekhar". The film stars his son Vijay and Sanghavi.
Plot.
Vijay (Vijay) is the grandson of Manorama while Anitha (Sanghavi) is the daughter of Raghavan(Vijayakumar) and Bhagyalakshmi (Sri Vidya). Anitha's family rent one of Manorama's houses. Vijay and Anitha pretend to hate each other while they actually are in love. But later Anitha's father came to know the love matter and he requests transfer to Chennai.Before going Anitha leaves her new address on several envelopes and she tells those are love letters given by Vijay, Anitha's father gets angry and takes the letters and went to Vijay's house and tells him to take his useless love letters.After that Vijay takes it and as he looks at it he knows that those aren't love letters, they're all Anitha's new address in Chennai.
Vijay tries to find her. One day Vijay goes to a restaurant to eat and he asked the server where is the washroom.The server told him that there is two washrooms, one on the upstairs and another one is here.The server tells him to not go upstairs because it's dangerous.But, Vijay goes upstairs to the bathroom,where he finds the "Blue Film" illegal shooting happening.
By this, they blame Vijay for the death of the restaurant owner (who tripped) and Vijay just has to escape. This news reaches Anitha's father who is a police officer. He tries to capture Vijay. The hero fights, runs some more until Raghavan finds out the truth and accepts the marriage between Vijay and Anitha.
Soundtrack.
There are 6 songs composed by Deva.

</doc>
<doc id="9689763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689763" title="David Beatty, 2nd Earl Beatty">
David Beatty, 2nd Earl Beatty

David Field Beatty, 2nd Earl Beatty (22 February 1905 – 10 June 1972), styled Viscount Borodale from 1919 to 1936, was a British Conservative Party politician.
Family.
Beatty was a son of Admiral of the Fleet David Beatty, 1st Earl Beatty and his wife Ethel, daughter of the American businessman Marshall Field. He gained the courtesy title of Viscount Borodale in 1919 when his father was created Earl Beatty. He had one brother, Peter Beatty.
Military career.
Beatty was educated at the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth and the Royal Naval College on the Isle of Wight. In 1919 he gained the rank of Midshipman in the service of the Royal Navy. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant in 1928. He would later serve in the Leicestershire Yeomanry, part of the Territorial Army, and gained the rank of Lieutenant in 1933.
Political career.
From 1931 to 1936 he was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Peckham. His half-brother Ronald Tree also sat in Parliament at this time, as member for Market Harborough, Leicestershire. During his time in parliament he held the office of Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Parliamentary Secretary to the Admiralty from 1931 until 1936. He succeeded as 2nd Earl Beatty on his father's death on 11 March 1936 when he moved to the House of Lords. He also served as a member of the London County Council in 1937. In 1945 he served as Under-Secretary of State for Air in the Caretaker Government after the Second World War.
Marriages and children.
Beatty was married four times. His first marriage was to Dorothy Rice Power on 21 April 1937, a younger sister of Thomas S. Power (later the USAF General in World War 2 to direct the dropping of the atomic bonds on Japan). Beatty and Dorothy Rice Power were divorced in 1945, whereupon he married Dorothy Rita Furey on 7 February 1946. They in turn were divorced in 1950 having had one son David (born 1946). Between 1946 and 1950, she conducted an affair with Conservative Party leader Anthony Eden whilst he was separated from his wife. 
His third wife was Adelle Dillingham whom he married on 5 July 1951 and divorced in 1958 having had one daughter Diana (born 1952), who is the wife of the 8th Viscount Gage. His fourth wife was Diane Kirk Blundell whom he married on 3 December 1959 and remained married until his death. From his fourth marriage he had a son Nicholas (born 1961) and a daughter Miranda (born 1963).

</doc>
<doc id="9689767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689767" title="Alan Rabinowitz">
Alan Rabinowitz

Alan Robert Rabinowitz (born December 31, 1953) is an American zoologist, conservationist, and field biologist and the CEO of Panthera, a nonprofit conservation organization devoted to protecting the world's 37 wild cat species. Called the "Indiana Jones of Wildlife Protection" by "Time", Rabinowitz has studied jaguars, clouded leopards, Asiatic leopards, tigers, Sumatran rhinos, bears, leopard cats, raccoons, and civets. Today, Rabinowitz’s work focuses on conserving the world’s largest, most imperiled cats—tigers, lions, jaguars, and snow leopards—and their habitats.
Early life.
Rabinowitz grew up in Brooklyn, New York. In grade school, he was placed in a special education class due to a severe stutter; which often caused his body to twist and spasm when attempting to speak. Unable to communicate with his peers and teachers, Rabinowitz became interested in wildlife, to which he could speak. At this point, Rabinowitz made a promise to animals that if he ever found his voice, he would use it to speak in their defense.
Today, Rabinowitz frequently shares this childhood story in interviews, lectures, books and other publications to explain how he became interested in wildlife conservation.
In 2008, the video of Rabinowitz telling this story on The Colbert Report went viral, largely because it nearly brought the show's host, Stephen Colbert, to tears. Today, Rabinowitz serves as a spokesperson for The Stuttering Foundation (SFA).
Conservation career.
In 1974, Rabinowitz received his Bachelor's degree in biology and chemistry from McDaniel College in Westminster, Maryland. Rabinowitz later attended the University of Tennessee, receiving his M.S. and Ph.D. in ecology in 1978 and 1981, respectively.
Prior to co-founding Panthera with the organization's Chairman, Thomas Kaplan, in 2006, Rabinowitz served as the Executive Director of the Science and Exploration Division for the Wildlife Conservation Society, where he worked for nearly 30 years.
While working in Myanmar's Hukaung Valley in 1997, Rabinowitz discovered four new species of mammals, including the most primitive deer species in the world, Muntiacus putaoensis, or the leaf deer. Rabinowitz's work in Myanmar led to the creation of five new protected wildlife areas, including the country's first marine park, Lampi Island National Park; Myanmar's first and largest Himalayan national park, Hkakabo Razi National Park; the country's largest wildlife sanctuary, Hukaung Valley Wildlife Sanctuary; the world's largest tiger reserve and one of the largest protected areas in the world, Hukaung Valley Tiger Reserve, and Hponkhan Razi National Park, an area which connects Hukaung Valley and Hkakabo Razi for a contiguous protected area of more than 5,000 square miles, called the Northern Forest Complex.
Rabinowitz also established the world's first jaguar sanctuary — the Cockscomb Basin Jaguar Preserve— in Belize and the Tawu Mountain Nature Reserve, Taiwan's largest protected area and last piece of intact lowland forest. In Thailand, he conducted the first field research on Indochinese tigers, Indochinese leopards, and Asian leopard cats, leading to the designation of the Huai Kha Khaeng Wildlife Sanctuary as a UNESCO world biosphere reserve.
One of Rabinowitz's greatest achievements was the conceptualization and implementation of the Jaguar Corridor, a series of biological and genetic corridors for jaguars across their entire range from Mexico to Argentina. Rabinowitz also initiated Panthera's Tiger Corridor Initiative, an effort to identify and protect the world's last remaining large interconnected tiger landscapes, with a primary focus on the remote and rugged Indo-Himalayan region of Asia.
Rabinowitz's project to establish a chain of protected tiger habitat across the southern Himalaya was the focus of the BBC Natural History Unit's 2010 documentary series "Lost Land of the Tiger". An expedition team spent a month investigating the status of big cats in Bhutan, leading to the discovery of tigers living at much higher altitudes than previously realized.
Today, Rabinowitz serves as the CEO of Panthera, where he oversees the organization's range-wide conservation programs focused on tigers, lions, jaguars, and snow leopards and additional projects devoted to the protection of cougars, cheetahs, and leopards.
Awards.
As a distinguished leader within the conservation field, Rabinowitz has received numerous wildlife awards, including:
2004: Our Time Theatre Company Award
2004: Lowell Thomas Award – New York Explorer’s Club
2005: George Rabb Conservation Award – Chicago Zoological Society
2005: Flying Elephant Foundation Award
2006: Kaplan Big Cat Lifetime Achievement Award
2008: International Wildlife Film Festival Lifetime Achievement Award
2010: Cincinnati Zoo Wildlife Conservation Award
2011: Jackson Hole Lifetime Achievement Award in Conservation

</doc>
<doc id="9689780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689780" title="Guilford County Schools">
Guilford County Schools

Guilford County Schools is the third largest school district in the state of North Carolina. It serves Greensboro and High Point.
Students.
56.58% of GCS' more than 73,000 students receive free and reduced-price lunch.

</doc>
<doc id="9689781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689781" title="Wilbraham Wesleyan Academy">
Wilbraham Wesleyan Academy

Wilbraham Wesleyan Academy was one of the oldest educational institutions of the Methodist Episcopal Church. It was established by Methodist clergy of New England in 1818. Originally located in New Market, New Hampshire, it was intended both for general educational purposes as well as for young men intending to enter the ordained ministry.
Move to Massachusetts.
In 1824 an act of incorporation was obtained from the legislature of Massachusetts, and the academy was moved to Wilbraham, where it opened in September 1825. Eight students were present on opening day, and thirty-five attended during that first term. Its first principal after it moved to Massachusetts was Dr. Wilbur Fisk, who served until 1831 (when he became president of Wesleyan University). The academy later merged with Monson Academy and became Wilbraham & Monson Academy which continues to occupy the Wilbraham campus.
Academic facilities.
In the 1870s, Wilbraham Wesleyan Academy was in a "healthful and beautiful" location, with extensive grounds, including farmland of . There were six buildings devoted to academic purposes, the chief of which were "large and most conveniently arranged". Its library at the time contained 5,300 volumes, with "good philosophical, chemical and mathematical apparatus, a cabinet, museum, and apparatus valued at $14,000" (at that time).
Faculty and student body.
The academy employed "a corps of able professors" in the various departments. Its students, which included both young men and young women (indeed, one-third of the total students were women, somewhat unique at that time), averaged between 200 and 300 per year. Many engaged in teaching and professional studies. Some prepared for college.

</doc>
<doc id="9689799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689799" title="OTcl">
OTcl

OTcl usually refers to an object oriented extension of Tcl created by David Wetherall at MIT. It is used in network simulator (NS-2) and usually run under Unix environment. This was later extended into XOTcl.
OTcl may also refer to the unrelated IXI Object Tcl extension by Dean Sheenan.
These object Tcl extensions predate the more popular incr Tcl.
Syntax Introduction.
The reserved word "Class" is used to represent class and method of class are declared using word "instproc". The variable "self" is pointer to the class it is used in and is equivalent to variable "this" of C++/Java. The keyword "-instproc" is used for defining hierarchy. For example "Class Son -instproc Father" means that "class Son" inherits from "class Father". To create an instance of class son we can write "set new_inst Son". Following is a simple example of code.
TclCL.
TclCL (Tcl with classes) is a Tcl/C++ interface used by Mash, vic, vat, rtp_play, ns, and nam. It provides a layer of C++ glue over OTcl.

</doc>
<doc id="9689802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689802" title="Diocese of the Mid-Atlantic">
Diocese of the Mid-Atlantic

The Diocese of the Mid-Atlantic is an Anglican Church in North America diocese, encompassing Virginia, Maryland, Washington, D.C. and northeastern North Carolina, with 35 congregations. The diocese was originally organized in 2006 as the Anglican District of Virginia when a group of Virginian congregations withdrew from the Episcopal Church. It achieved diocesan status on June 21, 2011.
History.
Founding congregations.
The Anglican District of Virginia was organized on December 17, 2006, by nine congregations which broke away from the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia. These congregations voted overwhelmingly to leave the Episcopal Church and formed the Anglican District of Virginia as part of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America (CANA), a ministry to Nigerian Anglicans living in North America which had also become an agent of Anglican realignment. The district was led by the Rt. Rev. Martyn Minns, the Missionary Bishop of CANA.
The founding congregations were:
Growth.
A tenth congregation that had broken from the Episcopal Diocese of Southern Virginia in October 2006, Church of the Messiah in Chesapeake, also later joined the district.
With the creation of the Anglican Church in North America in 2009, the Anglican District became a part of the new province while it continued to maintain its relationship with CANA. In May 2011, the district held a constitutional convention in Herndon, Virginia, where it voted to apply for formal diocesan status within ACNA and elected the Rt. Rev. John A. M. Guernsey, USA Bishop of the Ugandan Diocese of North Kigezi and former rector of All Saints Church in Dale City, VA., as its first bishop. The Anglican Church's provincial council approved its admission as a diocese on June 21. Guernsey took office on September 10, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="9689807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689807" title="Central Index Key">
Central Index Key

A Central Index Key or CIK number is a number given to an individual or company by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The number is used to identify the filings of a company, person, or entity in several online databases, including EDGAR.
The numbers are ten digits in length. 

</doc>
<doc id="9689816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689816" title="Orlando Serrell">
Orlando Serrell

Orlando L. Serrell (born 1968) is an "acquired savant" — someone who exhibits savant skills after CNS injury or disease, as opposed to a person born with autistic disorder or other developmental disability.
Orlando Serrell did not possess any special skills until he was struck by a baseball on the left side of his head on January 15, 1979 when he was ten years old. Serrell fell to the ground, but eventually got up and continued playing baseball. He did not get any medical treatment because he did not tell his parents; for a long while, he suffered from a headache. Eventually, the headache ended, but Orlando soon noticed he had the ability to perform calendrical calculations of amazing complexity. He can also recall the weather, as well as (to a varying degree) where he was and what he has done for every day since the accident.

</doc>
<doc id="9689824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689824" title="Emin Çölaşan">
Emin Çölaşan

Emin Çölaşan (born 14 March 1942) is a Turkish investigative journalist, whose daily column appeared in the country's internationally best-known and most influential mass-circulation newspaper, Istanbul-based "Hürriyet", for 22 years, from 1985 to 2007, . Due to his outspoken positions on sensitive domestic issues, he is considered one of the most controversial names in Turkey's written press. Since 2007, he continues his column in "Sözcü" while he is banned from TVs.
Family background.
A native of Ankara, Emin Çölaşan was born into a Cretan Turkish family whose surname, which literally means "desert strider", is a reference to his grandfather who was exiled by Sultan Abdülhamid II deep into the Fizan desert interior of Libya for 7 years because of JeuneTurc movement. His maternal grandfather, Refik Şevket İnce, born in Polichnitos near Mytilene (modern-day Greek island of Lesbos), served with the country's leader, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and, subsequently, in ministerial posts during the 1920s and into the 1950s, and his father served in the State Meteorological Service where he was a general director for 14 years, one of the longest. Çölaşan and his wife Tansel (born 1943), who held the position of chief advocate for the Turkish Council of State (Danıştay), is now president of Atatürk Thought Association. He has no children.
Education and career.
Çölaşan finished his secondary studies in TED Ankara College and graduated from the Middle East Technical University with a degree in management studies. For a decade, he worked in various public institutions and started his journalism career in 1977 at the Istanbul daily "Milliyet", shifting in 1985 as a regular columnist for "Hürriyet", an influential position which he has maintained for nearly a quarter of a century. He is also the author of numerous books which focus primarily on malpractices within governmental and public circles in Turkey, as well as an instigator and/or party in frequent polemics centering on his discoveries of official malfeasance and misconduct.
Controversies.
Çölaşan had been a virulent critic of Turgut Özal, Turkey's Prime Minister from 1983 to 1989, who became the target of his 1980s bestseller books "Turgut'un Serüveni" "Adventure" and "Turgut Nereden Koşuyor?" "is Turgut Running From?". In the late 2000s, he focused his in-print attacks upon rival columnists and Justice and Development Party (AKP) mayor of Ankara İ. Melih Gökçek. Çölaşan made a point of pronouncing the mayor's name in full, in reference to a Turkish four-letter word; a practice for which he was fined 40,000 lira. The two finally appeared on a televised debate, which received a warning from the state censorship board for indecency. Çölaşan also criticized the incumbent AKP government, which is known to be the reason behind his 13 August 2007 firing from "Hürriyet" after 22 years of service. 
A strong and passionate nationalist, Çölaşan has criticized the government's plans regarding the Kurdish problem. His support for the suspected military commanders, and urges of a military action against the government has been controversial. Emin Çölaşan is a secularist, has accused the government for reactionary actions and Islamism.
His books published:
24 Ocak Bir Dönemin Perde Arkası, 1983 - Dizi
12 Eylül Özal Ekonomisinin Perde Arkası, 1984 - Dizi
Yalçın'ı Kim Kurtaracak?, 1985
Yalçın Nereye Koşuyor, 1985
Banker Skandalı'nın Perde Arkası, 1985
İcraatın İçinden, 1986 - Röportaj
Önce İnsanım Sonra Gazeteci, 1987
Biz Kırk Kişiyiz Birbirimizi Biliriz, 1987 - Röportaj
Turgut Nereden Koşuyor?, Tekin Yayınevi, İstanbul, 1989
Bir Dönemin Yazıları 1988-1989, Tekin Yayınevi, 1990, ISBN 975-478-054-4
Turgut'un Serüveni, Tekin Yayınevi, İstanbul, 1993, ISBN 975-478-077-3
Sor Bakalım!, Tekin Yayınevi, İstanbul, 1993, ISBN 975-478-000-5 - Röportaj
Muhteşem İkili, Ümit Yayıncılık, Ankara, 1998, ISBN 975-7115-46-0
Ah Refah Vah Refah, Ümit Yayıncılık, Ankara, 1998, ISBN 975-7115-42-8
Tarihe Düşülen Notlar, Ümit Yayıncılık, Ankara, 2000, ISBN 975-7115-92-4
Unutulmayan Söyleşiler Tarihe Düşülen Notlar, 2006
Şu Benim Gazetecilik "Yaşadıklarım", Doğan Kitap, 2005, ISBN 975-293-284-3
Kovulduk Ey Halkım Unutma Bizi, Bilgi Yayınevi, 2007 ISBN 9752202375
Her Kuşun Eti Yenmez,Bilgi Yayınevi 2008 ISBN 975-22-0270-5
Sakıncalı Gazeteci, Bilgi Yayınevi 2009 ISBN 978-975-22-0299-3

</doc>
<doc id="9689825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=9689825" title="Philippine constitutional plebiscite, 1984">
Philippine constitutional plebiscite, 1984

National plebiscite and local plebiscites for the approval of the proposed constitutional amendments and local bills made by the Interim Batasang Pambansa was held January 27, 1984 in the Philippines. 
Local Bills.
Also were held in certain barangays in Zamboanga del Sur, plebiscite for the creation of a unified barangay.
Plebscite results.
The majority of the Filipino people voted YES to the terms and constitutional amendments. All were in favor of the creation of the new municipalities in Zamboanga del Sur. But some boycotted after the assassination of Former Senator and leading opposition leader Benigno Aquino, Jr. in 1983 like Former Senator Jose Diokno.

</doc>
